I can't tell you too bastard I can't tell you too When you see K in too hot I'll see you with G-o-o-o-o The palace you see K in tell her I'm a story-stain And the S-C-C won't let me sing this song I wrote today now at the C-K Take her hand gently saying Backer this transmission, I'll be out in 90 days old With NCCK in 01A That I'll see you with G-o-o-o-o-o-o But gotta see G-o-o-o-o-o-o meine sand again for the up Team間 There's nothing wrong and stuff Florida that a people transplant wouldn't cure Line up those buses, baby That's what we need Beautiful palm trees, beautiful gases, especially right now beautiful beaches, speaking of beaches. Seriously, if I were to had a hockey stick of baseball bat, I would done serious physical damage to that bitch, then in row three section one or two last night and the guy sitting behind me was little kid was kicking me for two and a half periods kicking me in a bag. So you should have taken that little mini kick in a bag of my seat. This is a place where you see it's the goal of the people living. Now understand what goes on on this show a lot of times. It's their goal to make sure that you don't enjoy it. It's not just the old people. I've always said they want you to be as miserable as they are. Misery loves company. No, it's most of the people. I'd say 70% of the people are here. Maybe they're bitter because they're stuck here. Which I can understand that. So they want us to be as miserable as they are. And they're going to do everything in their power to make sure whether it's a sporting event, whether it's after trying to drive from point eight to point beyond the roads in a highways that you cannot enjoy your life. That they make you as unhappy as possible. That was damn good game last night. It started out pretty comatospital at the third period in the overtime. Dammit or Taney game. I wish I had to see a lot more of it. I mean, I was there. And I want to say this before I started on a blonde bitch and a guy with little kid that was kicking the back of my seat for two and a half periods. You people are supposedly usheres at the macaroon. I spoke to Steve Dangerfield of the Panther organization before the show this morning was a good guy. Because I called Brimmer last night to vent about all of this. But the fact of the matter is that here is a place where they're desperate. Now we had a sellout last night. Only because of the fact there were about ten, maybe even more than that. But at least ten thousand red wing fans. I mean, it was scary. But at least they show up. I'm not going to knock them at the real ones. I mean, the only ones of our running foes were in the red wing jerseys who are, you know, wouldn't even know where to find a truck and a map. I'll screw them. So we had the sellout big crowd there. But the fact of the matter is that most of the season after a lot of disappointment after being screwed over for years and years and not to mention the outrageous high prices keep in mind in my deal here. I get my tickets for free and still rarely go because it's not an enjoyable experience. Sitting in home and watching a sporting event on television in the comfort of your home, you're living room, you're dead wherever you're sitting out on a patio, you're sitting there and whatever you want to do. Okay. You want to get up and go take a leak. You don't have to fight 100 people. You want to go to the refrigerator and get yourself a beer or a soda, whatever. You don't have to stand online or get raped. Did it at the concession stand? And that's that funny. And you're right. Rape to do it is not funny. So when you're desperate to try to get asses in the seats in the team, okay, my keen and hats off to you, Mike, doing a hell of a job. Unbelievable job. Report all the one go this kid and go home and let us see last night played as good of a game as you could possibly ever see both unbelievable. It turned into a really exciting game. The first 10 minutes of the first period of five saw two minutes of it. It was a lot. Why? Because you usher is to get fact of these old grizzled farts again and like you're saying, you put anybody in a position of authority and right away, they're going to show you a thing or two. The only problem is they do it when it doesn't do any good. Let me see your tickets and this is an hour before the game. And this isn't some God that just came in there in our section. This is a guy who's been there for years in old fossil. Oh, hi, Mr. Rogers. How are you? He knows who I am. So an hour before the game, he's checking everybody's tickets to be sure who's not a nice, but then what's the game starts? What's the game starts? They do just the opposite of what they tell you. They keep putting up on a scoreboard. They consider it. And I want to apologize to the Dutch people, the people, the names of them. They're the politis people. Well, sure more than here. No, seriously, everything is relative. You know what I'm saying? I talk about how rude and obnoxious and pushy their polite. They're only a step below the people in Toronto. It's on the Polite scale compared to here. Root obnoxious and considerate disgusting. As soon as the face office about to take place, they drop the puck. The game starts again. That's when the usher lets everybody start coming down. Just the opposite of the way it's supposed to work. You see? And that usher at 102 last night. I'm going to tell you ought to be horse whip. So you're okay. You're pathetic. You're sad. You're tragic. You're an asshole. You're an imbacil. And now they're all coming down to an actually they have to. They're looking around. They're fine in their seats. They're always right at how they belong. Cause half of 90% of them are usually there anyway. Oh, and I'm so tired of answering people's questions. So the reason I haven't been there is not because I give up on a team. But because of the fact it's kind of hard to go to a Panther game when you're in Toronto. Unless they're playing the Leafs. See what I'm saying? It's kind of hard to be at the Mac Arena when you're in Toronto. Most of the time, I'll even back like a week and a half. Whatever it's been. Seems like a lot longer. You know what I mean? Seems like about five years. The usher's. They're the biggest problem in that place. Because and then of course they're carrying all their food and the people in the rows have got to stand up. And they don't they don't have any hurry to sit down when they finally find where their seats are supposed to be. While they're like getting their a Panther loonies in order and getting their a teach in order like a jug of their boobs to get to make sure that they're comfortable. And and in meantime there's there's a thing going on out there's somewhere that's called a game. You hear hear the sounds of people hitting the boards and the puck and there's a game going on there. Although the ice is horrendous I should point out and the puck bounces like a basketball out there. I notice he can bread hold me that comment after the game. And he's right. But if you want to put on an entertaining show, if you want to encourage people to come on out, especially in a town like this, that's such a horse and buggy one dimensional town, supposedly with their football bull crap. Although it's interesting I step going to the dolphin games years ago and I used to buy my own tickets. I was a faithful season ticket order for five season with great seats and why did I stop going because it became an unenjoyable experience with the bunch of loud obnoxious drunken assholes. Kicking over their beers, stepping on your feet, doing everything out of the sun. Look at a start of brawl with anybody they could find or look at them cross side. That's not my idea of an enjoyable afternoon. And last night I'm last night to me told me everything I will ever need to know about this town is if you know being here almost 30 years doesn't tell me. It just verified at times 10. One of the most road-task experiences I've ever had in a public event anywhere. I was going to go to a bunch of games while I'm here for a couple of months. I'll go to least game for worry fifth to see the maple leaves. I will not be going back other than that under any circumstances. Beth is mean I don't support the team. It just means I'm not a masochist. How would you like to be sitting there with some little kid kicking you in the back of your seat for a half hours and some bitch standing or who keeps getting up back and forth? And then just finally in the third period decided she was going to stand up. People in my row who are seasoned ticket orders and pay for their tickets in a business they want in a macarina. They finally got up and left after two periods and they said to me on a way out we're going to go home and watch the rest on television so we can actually see something. Maybe she thought it was a rock concert. I'm going to tell you seriously if I would have had a baseball bed I'd be in jail right now. I'm telling you that's how that's and finally in the third period she she decides he was just going to stand up. That's just way the arms and go back and forth and schleparound. She was just going to stand up while the game is going on. And the people in the first row behind me which is a few seats to my left started screaming sit down and she's like looking at them. What? Like she's like she's all the sun got hearing a problems. And she's still standing up and I finally yelled out. Set the hell down. And she's still standing up. I you have never seen in your life movies fast as I moved. I would like I was shot out of a cannon. And running up to stare to that damn uh uh uh uh sure who of course at this point was busy she was with some other asshole one impending attention. To explain to him what that was going on. And he says well which woman is it? I said and at that point now she's coming up to stare. She finally got the message they were brought about to Taran Feather who are okay. Woman with a black blazer of blood. I love to find out who the hell she was. Oh I have clients all over the place in here. So maybe she works for some radio station or the newest paper or TV station or some ad agency. She should only cope this bitch. A wicked nasty death. And I would I'd pay admission to watch it. I would pay a lot of money to stand there and watch her bleed to death. So now she's coming up to stare as I'm telling the usher about what's going on. And I said that one right there. And she just keeps from what a lolly gagging along like uh nothing's going on and out the ex-its she goes. Yes she had some of her clients there. Of course they were redwing fans never seen to be for in my life. Some guy with a hair lip and his uh whatever the hell she was. That's a club palette. Oh I'm sorry. That was a great night man. What a great time. Nothing wrong with this town that a people transplant wouldn't cure. Seriously I would say about 40% of you people in this town need to be removed from the planet. Let's get a hold of the cloning people right away. Maybe we can send it to whatever planet they came from. We can send these people there. Because it and it's not just a sporting event. It's the driving. It's it's uh it's a shopping mall. It's in the republics. It's everywhere you go. The entitlement, the obsessive rudeness. Bitching people out getting hysterical uh you were talking about the somebody to a check out of the supermarket. Bitch it about because the scanners scanned the wrong prices. If somehow to woman had the cashier had some responsibility for that was her fault. This is on sale. I had a coupon here. This is on sale. Like the old bag that wanted the uh salad dressing free because it said free on the label. That's a true nobody believes me about that. I believe you're right. This woman was older than the thuseless grower. In this place I believe yes. She couldn't believe that the cashier actually scanned a product because you wait a minute you're charging with her that she said of course you look it says free it's called free meaning fat free salad dressing because free and big letters are a true story. Yeah. This is South Florida for you. So anybody out there who thinks that I'm a grumpy old man that exaggerate. Oh you're full of crap. Okay. This is the rudest the of most of not just the most unacceptable goddamn place. Thank god I live in Toronto most of the time where the people are polite and happy and decent and friendly. You wouldn't see what happened in that place last night of the air Canada Center or Maple Leaf Gardens under any certain billion years you'd never would have seen it. It wouldn't have happened. You might get a little bit worked up here. Good not enough. Well all I'm just starting. 913 at 560 WQA if you ever represented with the opportunity when you should have put or would have done something like beaten her brains out with a baseball bat but you didn't do it well there's an incredible fanty may mortgage rate out there at 3.45%. This rate is very and by the way before I get the out of this spot. 90 days in jail for killing two people on a DY Michael Mayo wrote the worst column in the history of newspapers in this morning's on Sentinel. Go back to the sports section where you belong Michael Mayo you wimp you idiot. 90 days and maybe you want to throw a net out too by the way. Full slap on the wrist. Anyway there's an incredible fanty may mortgage rate out there at 3.45% that's available by calling financial group toll free 1809 for 053 63 if you were to compare a 7% rate with 3.45% you'd save yourself 3,500 bucks in the first year alone for each 100 thousand dollars that you owe. 100,000 costs only 447 bucks a month this is an opportunity that won't last though because it's a 40 year low. So if you're thinking about refinancing or buying a home call financial group do this smart thing call 1809 for 053 63 the process is simple and the call is free 1809 for OLE and D financial group has been an equal housing lender to thousands of borrowers of the fanty may program credit restrictions do apply and rates of some good change if you wait too long 5.34 APR call financial group today toll free 1809 for OLE and D's. This town was once alive they even had 3 grades there were things to do all night in rower than in day like the old fart walking dead and the power of the electric truck and horse who just got off the boat I heard Neil Rogers ride this is the day that my army died everyone who's on the day to best are the ones who brought us low and you are empty can you believe there was a sign they have cheating all downhill trying to organize the crime but the experiment had failed all in the break didn't getting and turn the fuck up down. Oh, take this fellow into place. Oh, it's a big guy there. I heard the old Rogers cry. Pictures with the A-he got cry out inside. What a great place to come to this. What self-driven apple growing in without the fee. I heard the old Rogers cry. I've been talking about the number of times. The number of times. I'm 18, this five-60 WQM. I don't want to live in New York, and OK, and Samuel's is emailing me back and forth. Pop, pop, pop, pop, it's great. 114 votes on a poll from yesterday. The Neil Mohour did the David the Fude is... Bad for QAM12. Good for QAM14. The Sterbing 20, you know, like this town, the Sterbing. In bad taste and must-off immediately, 22. No. Great radio 156. And her team, 180. Getting old 322. And yo yo yo, let's rape Mo. Yo yo yo, let's rape Mo. Came from behind and passed the other one like a Wistany still. 380 votes. Are you ready for that? 380 people in this audience. I like that said. Yo yo yo, let's rape Mo. And that one a poll. Out of 114 votes, pretty heavy duty turnout, if you ask me. I'll get back to that experience last night moment. I don't expect anybody else to call in because one thing over the years I've discovered is that despite of all the people who come off the dead during the games, and again last night, Neil loves your show happy New Year. A lot of very nice people, but none of them ever call this show. Almost never. You can do, I'm, and I'm not talking about the game. I'm not going to make that mistake talk hockey on the year because that's like suicide in this town. It is. Had a song last night and we had thousands and thousands of red wing fans. People who understand the game. People who understand it when the game is someone in puck drops and they start playing again. That's when you sit your ass down and you pretend at least you're watching the game. As opposed to like, up and down and forth and back and in and out. Oh my god. Crazy people. That's what we got here. And as amazing as it may sound like, I want to say it again. The old Miami arena, you know, because it was too small so we could make any money. But the older arena was a thousand times better than this piece of crap we got now. You can't complain about the ambience in that building because there isn't any. Still got the same jackasses under cell phones talking to somebody else along the way. Then we got people while the game is going on. Oh, there's so much of it. Why not wait till the period ends, okay? And go say hi to your buddy. Go shmoos with somebody. Oh, look at who's there. They're standing up at pointing and there's a people who want to be seen and see other people. See, I think you've got it well. Plastic. Oh, in other words, there's not a game going on. Though it's just a gathering. It's just a gathering. I think the game is an excuse to get together in the same place. I see something. David Ferrell was led out of a brown county courtroom and handcuffs yesterday to serve the first night of a 90 day drunk driving sentence. But the former FBI agent might be out as early as today if his lawyer can persuade a judge to release him pending in appeal of the verdict. Defense lawyer Bruce Yudal said Ferrell was accused but acquitted of killing two-later hill brothers by driving the wrong way on I-95. Would spend last night and protect a custody at the Brown County jail. In addition to the 90 day jail, termed Howard Circuit Judge Mark Gold sentence Ferrell 39-way year probation, 50 hours of community service and a DUI course. He also ordered Ferrell to avoid alcohol during probation and suspended his driver's license for one year. Suspended a sentence. How do you like that? Huh? This is one of the great travesties in the history of mankind. I think second only to OJ. This pisses me off. Well, you know the FAHD, the FHP, they kind of like changed the story and they did this and they said that. Yeah, all right. First he was doing it and then he wasn't doing it and he's going to drink a whole. He's going to drink a sick pack. He's going to drink five, six packs right there and a witness to the show you what a how much he can hold his moves. A fars, a dog and pony show, masquerading is a trial. And Michael Mayo writes, seriously, Mike, you oughta be ashamed of yourself. You oughta hide under the bed for a month. You oughta crawl right under the bed right now or go back to the sports section. You didn't do a great job there but at least you couldn't, didn't do as much harm. I wouldn't even dignify his column by reading one word from it. Although if they say like, well, that's the only word. Starts out like, you're a disgrace. Here's today's poll before we get to our calls and more about all poor Levi on how about Levi on Hernandez. You see that story? Yeah. The Storical. We don't have that, they have that in the sports thing. I love you Miami after 1997 World Series. Don't forget. Like Dan Lavastude said Miami didn't win the World Series. The Cubans won it. We won it. Remember that? That was all about Levi. Don't worry, Levi. The Cubans won it. Welcome Congratulations, George. Better late than ever. It's six years later. But congratulations on your ring. Well, not that kind. Oh. You have the wrong kind. That's a great story about that. Oh, I saw Joanne Jiningal last night's a game. They were behind me between periods. While the sky took his little kid out there for sensitivity training. Still married? They still married. They flashed their rings. So they had a great time in Vegas. Although they admit that they went at the wrong time of the year. That was just jam packed. Thanksgiving and New Year is not good times to be in Vegas boys and girls if you want to get around. Unless you plan on walking a lot. The traffic is impossible. It is just jam packed with living and breathing people. They said they had a marvelous time. Now they're talking about this summer. Maybe going to Italy. See, you know something. I'm giving up. I said you must go to Roman Florence. Wow, you know, Venice at this. And of course, Jo's ancestors were from Naples. I said you don't want to go to Naples. Naples is for slippers. It's nothing but chipsies, trance, and thieves. But, uh, well, but it be Jo knows. And now I realize, huh? Jo knows. Right. No matter what it is, Jo knows. So they know better than I. So I'll keep my mouth shut. No, seriously. I'm trying to do a favor for them because I've been there as it in times. I know what they'd enjoy with it. But like I said, like man, it's always does every time I mention Moe. He just gives that zipper across the lip motion. Is that mandatory or scared of the man? It's that I'm scared of. I don't, I don't, I don't. I don't care because he'll beat the crap out of me. Yeah, I, in fact, I'll knock him right now. He yesterday, although he's doing the right thing. But the fact is he started because there's no football in this time going on a more right now. So he mentioned the fact that there was the column, uh, whose column was it? He read like a couple of sentences about the, uh, Panthers and the only game in town. Africa who's called, he read like about one sentence from that. And then then there was, that was it. And he said, well, the Panthers are competing for the playoffs. Is that tingle your toes, y'all, and, uh, what's his name? Dave, uh, what a breed name is. Le Mans, Dave Le Mans said, hey, sonny, you're out. So leave on here of the 1997 Marlins World Series Victor was arrested Miami yesterday after allegedly swinging golf clubs at a 65 year old man and grabbing him by the throat during an argument at a warehouse. From mental, I thought it said a warehouse, a warehouse. No, I saw the piece on TV. And the old guy, 65 year old guy. But I don't know who I really believe because the old guy, like, yeah, yeah, he did it at the end of club and then all leave on his buddies. Now he didn't do it. I don't know who we're other witnesses that said that. Yeah, he's he's so good. Yeah. Who do you believe? See, see you want to believe them because it's an anti sports thing. You know, you want to pick out poor Levant who never stole a freight train. I remember that the man. All his relative said he's a wonderful guy. He never stole a freight train. Whatever. And he love you Miami to be see what he did at an old man like that. It'd be swinging a golf club to 65 year old man. Thank God, it wasn't OJ at least swinging a golf club. Maybe he's going to go out bad aim. Maybe he thought the old guy was the guy that killed Ron in the cold. Huh? Maybe he was trying to get even. Well, that's right. I wasn't OJ. It was Levant. I'm just seriously, I have never had an experience. The likes of last night in my life. In my life, I've been a lot of sporting events. I told the usher, I was going to grab the usher by the throat. Yeah, see, Mo, I could punch Tim out because he's a doddering old man even worse than even worse than you, Mo. But don't forget, Mo has always been above board. See, I love guys that like come on a year and put on posture for the audience. Oh, I'm right, sir. I don't do those things. And I think we all should get on and then behind the scenes is stabbing everybody in the back and in the heart trying to get people can. You're not fooling this old fag, Mo. Not for one second. I want to thank whoever fag me that radio George, the listener, George with a G, who fag me that piece from Dave Halberstim's book about sportscasters and could they do it again? And yeah, please fag that to me again, by the way, because we'd like to keep that handbook like to see it. And others. Hey, Mo, handcates you like poison. Twenty seven. What are you laughing about? You know, it's true. Yeah, that's what it's funny. Exactly. Like poison. Twenty seven after nine at five, 60 WQM. Another year has gone by and you're still underpaid and stuck in a crappy job working with a bunch of people. You're working with a bunch of butt plugs like Mo. Much of grumpy old farts. If your new year's resolution is a high paying career, here's the answer for you. Call fast train toll free at one eight six six fast train. If you win rule now, you can be certified on the way to a new high paying job by April. That's right. If you can commit three nights a week fast train can have you certified as a computer professional by this April. And fast train is the folks who can do it for your right. Call toll free one eight six six. Like I said, they be the folks eight six six fast train. They offer your job placement easy financing day night a week and classes and they have four convenient locations all over town. They're in Miami, they're in Kendall. They're in Florida, Florida, Florida, Arizona and Pemor Pines. Just one simple call can get you on a way to a new exciting high paying career. So get out of that dead end job. Say goodbye to that asshole boss. Oh, and call fast train right now. Tool free at one eight six six fast train or check them out in the worldwide wicked web. If you like it fast train dot com. My local here sports radio five six. You a you a Chill Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. I don't know how it is. It's a message. I don't mind. I don't mind. I don't mind. I don't mind. I think I made me. Oh, I think we're shredding. It must be closed. I got you full with red and swizz. I made a smile on my arm like a ranic now. I am a lack of what. I have been time. I know nobody knows that under my clothes. I wear Pentea. But that no cream. That I'm gay. If you think my entrepreneur you want to see my legs. I might as well keep on smoothing. She's a little class. The next time I'm rigged. I can work the solution. But that gives me the shivers. I wouldn't want the walk up looking like John Rivers. Where am I? I'd buy you the juice. I'd buy a lobeast, the fat little freaky, I'd take him a babe, but now we get a four-day need. The reason I dismiss that's taking fat bastard is because he wouldn't shut up, then he can't play contested. I'm sorry for being wrong, but I don't want anybody to talk for no reason. I'm not a tenured talk. Like, look at me, I'm a thick, thick, thick, thick, thick, thick. I ain't no square, I'm a thing done, daddy, man, I'm really dead. I ain't why you're any one I want, I don't care. But for you, if they make me flip my wig later, smelly green hair. I got to bite at myself, it even happens to the greens. Westwin once said you get out of here, whilst we break your legs. So now I sit by the bulls, life says good as it gets. With my paladin cartel, placing bets on the gins, and paradise. Paradise, and I guess nobody's handsome, paradise. I'll be shuffin' on the schookees when I get the gins. But the cleavies aren't ready with my line green pants. How long does it take? How's the calling of the plate? It was just a little thought, so what I love this day. And that's funny when I let the sandwich buddy, I can do what I want. The man is with loves me. In a delious amount, something you ought to know. But along this time, I want to give you to be my own. Who are my type pal? Now I am straight, pal, pal. Who? Who's the one who take no for an answer? What's that? What's that? You? What's your name? What's that thing? What the door door door? What the door? What the door? What the door? What the door? What the door? What the door? What the door? What the door? What the door? What the door? How can I turn into a five-sixth-year-old? What the? What the? What the? What the? Joe Rose for the mad dog at one today? Hank is doing a show at Crystal Palace in Bahamas, no less. Her cool hotline at seven tonight nine o'clock Josh Freeman, Eddie K. from G.A. 10, Joe and Mark, engineer overnight. Anyway, now what's wrong with Elgulstein? I'm a fat Jew. Yeah, I think he's coming to include your close personal friend to baby all those females, by the way. Right? They used to go slup him up there along with fat rich because you were into those females. Sure. It was been let you use his apartment. Right? Not. Well, I'll give that story moment, Terrily. It's almost not even. I don't even want to give them the publicity to be honest with you. Here's today's poll. Over the year is who has been the worst chronic on Neal Show. It's already up there on a website. I've already got some votes. And boy, that's kind of shocking to me. Look who's in first place. In the early voting. You're gay. Reverend Jones. The worst chronic on Neal Show. Greg from Portse, Lucy, et cetera. Mitch from the video store. Gilbert from Hunger. Blind Mike. The guy with the eyes. Andy from Hollywood. Reverend Jones. You're gay. Woody. Now, here's what I put on the that you all remember because you that said, way before your time, you'll see go from WKAT. Oh, how did you arrive here? Let's go see go. I want to say hello on behalf of my friends of brothers. I've got a jumper to come up with house. That's all the Gilbert. A very close. I think related. You'll see go. He was forced it on me by Craig Worthing. By the way, let's go short for. Oh, I never thought about that. The Madacone guy. And Dennis, the professional cantalek. Now that was my list. Which I think it's a pretty good list. I'm good. Now, even anybody out. I don't think so. I think there's a big compete with them. Those are the only people that we have names for. Right. And there's like that. Tha get Julio Kodre out there. No, I'm not going to dignify them. I put them on or anyway. See, because they would they would like that. No, these are people that we can stick our finger on. When over the years, who has been the worst chronic on Neil show, Greg from Forte Lucy from Booten Beach from all the other places they've kicked him out of. I wonder if we got a fashion grid yet. Oh, no, not yet. Oh, but here's that thing again from listener George. Thank you so much. There's the article for Hank and whoever else wants to see it about. Mode, the molemeister. And where does it say that he got the. And he's. Now, it is. You want to put Eddie on there? Yeah. Okay, let's put Eddie on there. Hey, by Eric, we hate to make you do this because we know you're in a sour mood. Fanny pack. Garb with a Fanny pack. Yeah, but he's not. He hasn't called that much. He's not anymore. Now, Eddie, as in this is Eddie. Got it, Eric. Okay. Eddie in parentheses. This is Eddie. Yeah, you're right. People along the other. On a, where's that one line in the thing that we've read yesterday from Dave Halberstein's book? Final four. Yati Adiani. And then the defensive. I don't understand where it goes that line. Oh. Didn't have any any we experienced a net. Commanding voice left over was ostensibly financial differences, but Lovers later confirmed he was pushed out for being overbearing. For you talk about the understatement of the century overbearing. Wow. What an understatement. 560, 0560, pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Yes. Hello, Neil. Okay. I was at the game last night. That was the worst I've ever seen. I just called up the Macarena. I want to get my money back for the rest of the season. They were throwing bottles at the end of the game. Really? Oh, yeah. Which we didn't get it. That was a 107. So it wasn't just a 102. No, it was 107 too. I had some people in front of me. It was a guy behind me. The whole third period. It was talking to his mother. Telling away the look for him on TV. It was ridiculous. He went up and told the guy. And all the guy kept undoing his comment down and telling the kids to front of us to stop changing the aisle. He didn't say a word about any bottles being front. It was the worst. It was the worst. At least you had somebody that was paying attention. What was going on? Our are sure he was busy back up there playing with himself. I don't know what the only was doing. But if you're wasn't paying any attention. And every time the face off would take place as soon as the Pucket the ice, that's when he starts sending people down to stand everybody's way. Exactly. Everybody came down right in front of his wallet. Play with fire. Exactly. I agree with you, Neil. It was a work game I've ever been at. I want my money back for the rest of the season. Okay. Thanks, Neil. Okay. Don't spend it all in one place. See here. Now look at the good timing. This is AD. It says you forgot AD. AD. Right. You're right. We got him under now. We didn't forget. 5. 6. 7. 5. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. That's right. It was hysterical man. Mickey and Danny show. The joy in my show. Joel and Mike. Joel and Mike. Rick and Ed. Yeah. Spik and Suds from an admit mean. Rick and Suds from an admit mean. Yeah. Yeah. What was what did I miss? What are you miss? Go back to Canada. No stay here by the way. Neil. You're so camouflaging. 5. 6. 7. 0. 5. 60. Huh? It's a crazy person. Yeah. I don't understand. It's another crazy person. We're still waiting for some real calls. Is this going to go on like in perpetuity now? Is this going to go on forever? That's it. Then after my outburst after that, grotesque experience, I can't get the one good guy that called their first. But evidently, my mom must be out there when I live. Here's Weston, hello. Hey, I'm holding for the mad dog. Yeah, mad dog in here today. Here's Volcano. Yes, sir. Good morning. You know, I tried to call on most this morning twice and they hung up on me. Why is that? You know, I wanted to tell him that you know, he was busing. He was busing you this morning. Pretty bad. Yeah. You only have one subject to talk about it. Yeah. How does he know that if he doesn't listen to the show? Yeah, he says he doesn't listen. But he turns it on yesterday for the first time in seven months. I see. And he doesn't know that. He says that all those movits should be on a CD. He's a make a CD and make money out of it. Oh, that's a great idea. Yeah. Yeah. He's such a liar. You know, there's one thing. He came in this market saying he's going to change the sports talk. Oh, he sure did that. Okay. No. Ha ha ha. Uh, and number two, they have no ratings. I want to see ratings on that show. Yeah. You carry the station. Right. There's no idea of what comes. Well, that's why it's so ludicrous from to come anywhere though his bombastic bullcraft in land based in me and my audience and everybody else. What in the meantime, like you said, we carry the whole damn station on here. And he's so far. He's produced a minimal at best, mediocre numbers at best. And they're paying a money that you earned the station. There you go. And that's for that. That's for my F. Okay. Thanks a lot. Thank you. To you. My agent. I wish five, six, seven, five, six, the pound five, six, the on the AT&T. Very slim response again here this morning. I don't think we have any audience out there, you know what? I really don't. I've never ever seen it like this. We get one here. We get one over there. It's like, uh, nobody's got anything to say. I'm going to seriously, if I'm the only person. I'll go to show all year long from Toronto. I don't care. If I'm the only one who's offended by the behavior of the people who are supporting events and elsewhere. You name it. The theater. Anywhere. I'm gagging on it from this crowd. 60 votes over the years who's been the worst chronic on the ill show. Reverend Joen 15, Dennis, the professional Catholic 10. I think he called the other day. Did my tocon guy nine, Gilbert nine. Any from Hollywood five, any the, this is any four. Greg from Fort Sey, Lucy, you want to got three votes, Greg. What do you two? You'll see goes got one. Somebody with a good memory. One for blind Mike one from Mitch for the video story. None for the guy with the eyes. Who's going to feel very left out? 20 till 10 at five, 60 WQYN. Kick off a new year with a great new mattress from our friends at Dalamatress. Help out your back. You're a great night sleep every night. Forget about those depriment and bidding stores that rip you off. They give you that bait and swish deal. Because Dalamatress has got exactly the great name brand. Manifers you want in stock ready for just about immediate delivery. They carry only the best. They got silly, sort of Simmons King Corps in every size and style of the sun. And when you order you knew bad. From Dalamatress by calling 1 800 mattress. They'll have it there on time even the same day you call. You choose the date and time on convenient for you. I think I'll have a joke to that there because some of that champion. I went down a wrong thing. Dalamatress prides itself under 99% on time record too. Which is just one reason why they're ranked first for overall customer satisfaction in the universe. So do what the smart people they were at QA and were done. You're a truly Miguel George. We sleep on mattresses from Dalamatress. You should be doing the same. It's a piece of cake. Just one easy call that's all you have to do. And there will be no time. 1 800 mattress 1 800 MATT-T-R-E-S. And look all. This is 4 205-60. You win 2 8. Yeah. Yeah. Fiat. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. You win 2 8. Bye bye bye. I'm 45 and I'm 502 and I'm happy 32. Here's a call from Lake Worth. I'm originally from Toronto. I've been down here for about 7 years. I love your show. I'm a paramedic player. I've never seen such a large group of people live down in the South Florida. I've heard all this before. But I've been in numerous Panther games. It's totally disgusting. I've been in those games. Not only that, but all the Christian conservatives in this country are absolutely cracking me because they have absolutely no clue of what is of a reality or any other thing to play. They have a clue and they should stop trying to brow me to everybody else with their crap. If they want to live in a stone age, that's up to them. But don't try to impose it on everybody else. If you want to become involved in politics, you should also be taxed. You cannot go without being taxed and try to have your way in the political arena. It's unbelievable. Okay, pal, good luck to us. Thank you. What are response ladies and gentlemen? What are tremendous response? No, this just brought a line on the calendar on the map. This is finished here. This whole time finished. Five to even a story about the cop David Ferrell. The FBI guy. Nobody cares about that. See, this is a town where basically people come here and once they come here, just push to throw in the towel. Just like that thing I tried to bring up a couple of days ago about the Harold and the Pandery made it. Nobody cares about that anymore. They just came up. They just been beaten down so much. They don't give a crap anymore. They don't care anymore. They've given up. As long as I've done this show, couldn't imagine that a community could be as lethargic and this interested in everything and anything then here. All they want to do is call this radio station and why am I? The dolphins lost. The heracouans lie. Are we cursed? You know, that's it. That's it. Speaking of assholes, airport sex talk. It's wrong. She publish your pulled off a flight. What do you laugh at about? You don't want to always encourage him to come in here? Never once. School magazine publisher Al Goldstein, Mr. Flighton, New York yesterday morning after his sexual comments reduced an airport security worker to tears. The vendor of Salacious Publications was pulled off the Merc and Airlines flight by BSO at the Fort Lauderdale Hollywood International Airport. Kelly Noble's a screener for the TSA told police that Goldstein looked at her and said, Are you a real blonde? He also commented, if you were in the middle of the road, I want to keep you. I want you to keep your uniform out of corner police report, which notes that other screeners heard their marks as well. Nobles reported that she felt really uncomfortable began to cry. Goldstein said he simply asked to open how often she is propositioned on the job, then continue talking with a group of men about porn star Ron Jeremy. BSO! Deputy's interview the Rockist publisher in Pompano Beach, resident finally determining that he hadn't broken any laws. Although he was uncooperative at first and screened at the officers, Goldstein said he missed his scheduled knee surgery in New York, but was rebuked on later flight and upgraded to first class. Isn't that great? They upgraded to first class to make up for the his being late and to reward him for his aberrant behavior. The eccentric publisher blamed the incident on the Ken Jenney conspiracy, a reference to the Broward County Sheriff, Goldstein 66 is campaign successfully for the Sheriff's job. He said Jenney is aware of his plans to run again in 2004, hence the harassment at the airport. That's ridiculous, head BSO spokesman Jim Leodall. And it goes down about while the girlfriend threatening the shooter stuff, all these other knee harassment suits in his spending time in jail and Rutgers Island, etc. What a sad story, you know? He's just a reaching the bottom of the barrel, poor Row. Who used to like a lot? Wow, a little bit. Here's Miami, hello. Nail. Yes sir. Just off the fire, up about that FBI guy man. Yeah. Not only is he just going to get 90 days in County jail, he's in protective custody, but he's an X-Cops, so he's going to be separated and get all kinds of perks in jail. Uh-huh. I mean, this is ridiculous. I heard the Sheriff is going to cook special. That's what I heard. The advancing girls he's going to love. I mean, he's I can't believe it. And for your polio, forgot to be a boon guy. Ah, he's small potatoes. Okay. I've got one there. Like Frankie Pentangely, how's the pull coming? Here are the contenders Reverend Jones 21 Gilbert 15. Dennis, the professional Catholic 14. This is Eddie's got 13 and the mighty colon guys got 12. Those are the only ones he doubled it so far. It'll be a pretty good battle, I think. Here's a call from Darrell, hello. Hi. Yes sir. Good morning. I don't know if you saw last night the show on CBS was like a, an hour news special was about, I want to get your opinions about these two. No, I did not see it because I was at the hockey game trying to watch a game. Well, it was about these sick people who, who look at these, child model websites. A lot of sick people in the world, exploiting their own children and making a buck. I want to get your opinion on it. What do you think? My opinion on what? On that type of activity, don't you think it's kind of, what, now, what type of activity are we talking about? Ah, I've said to you all the four of you all, selling their kid on the internet for, for picture, dressing up. Well, of course. It's sick. I mean, is there something to be about that? No, no, no, but these people, these disgusting, but that, people try and pass themselves off like it's okay. And the nickel for the rational. Yeah, well, so in the pedophiles, they also pass it off like, they're like, like the Nambla people, like it's a legitimate organization. If there are six people and everything comes back to South Florida. Ha ha ha. Well, he wasn't doing well. Did he got to that last part? You're right about that. You are. Absolutely correct. Wow. I don't, as long as I live, I don't think I'm ever going to get over that experiment. I'll get over it, but I'll just never forget that experience last night. It was just so, and there was no excuse for it. There was no need for it. It just can't happen. It's like if you get like 20,000 people in a building and just have a free for all, you know, well, everybody just go crazy to whatever you want. You know, the fact that a bunch of people paid a lot of money to come here and enjoy a sporting event or a concert or whatever, I don't bother us with the facts. In addition, which they still got the noise in there booming as loud as ever, could enough to make your ear drum as burst. The guy who sits in front of me, he was turning around to talk to me. I'm like leaning forward to talk to him several times there. And not while the game is going on, but you know, in between and in between periods. And they still have a music so loud. You just can't hear him. You can't somebody sitting right in front of you. What? Huh? Why even bother? So, you know, you can bully a call. You want these people in the organization, but you have a long, even after all of these years, you've had a long way to go to putting out an entertaining and enjoyable evening for the public. And I know that there are a lot of the sick of fans out there. There are people of professional groupies. The ones that sniffed the jog straps will be there no matter what you do to them. And I noticed the same one there, they're all going to be there. Well, you know, but they're not going to put enough money in your pockets to make the franchise viable here. You've got to make it an enjoyable nightside for the public. And if somebody like me who is probably the biggest hockey fan in his town, if somebody like me didn't have an enjoyable evening, and what turned out to be a pretty good game, there must be something wrong there. You know what I'm saying? Do you get it? Must be something wrong, what do you say? In that joint. Here's Miami. Hello. And here. Yes, sir. You know, where are you right now this is? Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Happy New Year. Send you. Go on for your poll. Jacob, big. Here's Boca, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, we're just going to say, you know, a lot of people I think they call you channel, they've never been and visited a lot of the places that you actually got into. And it's sort of like if you've only hamburger all your life, you don't really know what's following in your eyes. And I think that when you talk about Toronto, I've been there. It's a fantastic city. To shame more people don't get that opportunity because they just think Miami is the greatest. No, I don't want any of these people who are going to Toronto. I don't want any of them going there. Let him go to Buffalo. I want to go back to the LASO restaurant on the Queen Street unbelievable. It's great place. What is it? What do you, I didn't know what you just said? Oh, just to say, you know, it's a great place. Wonderful restaurants. It's like you say, let him stay here. Okay, thanks. Thanks. No, I'm not plugging any place else. I'm talking about here. How how how how how this place could be enjoyable and why it is not. Not how people should go to Toronto to this place to that place disconnected. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about the way people should behave to be civilized and tolerant and decent with each other. Instead of growtask and unfriendly and nasty and hostile and anti-social. You know what I'm saying? That's right, anti-social, like farting in somebody's face. Sean and Hollywood, you've been up real good up till now, but you're just how can you leave off the chronic from Lutz. First of all, John Proud was chronic and they gave him his own show, but he wasn't a chronic caller to my show. He never called me or at least very, really. And the chronic from Lutz only made one phone call. How can that be chronic? It's several, but it was over the like, the chronic from Lutz that we did the song about. No, because that was a phony. It wasn't even for real. He used to call all the time. But that was like one month, right? One month. One month out of 27 years, don't cut a chance. So, you know, quit while you're head. Good facts, you know, but he happens to be wrong there. Did we forget Ken Block by the way? Oh, look at look at this. Every day, every single day. I get this anti-semiticrap. George ain't on any more. Okay. Wait until my next vacation. Yesterday, I'm getting in and today I'm getting into. Just during anti-semitic swirl coming on a fax machine. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon line. Reverend Jones 21, Dennis, the professional Catholic 19, now you're talking. Gilbert 19, and also the Vatican Gyn 19. This is Eddie 14 in a rest single digits. Hey guys, if you want your hair back, you can go out there and get plugs in your head and watch the blood dripping down over your eyelids. You can get yourself a mouthful look and piece that'll have everybody on the floor in hysterical laughter. You can go take those dangerous pills that might make you sick, might even kill you and probably not grow one single strand of hair back. Or you can do this marketing. You go see my good-closed personal body. Charles Alphayeri at the Alphayeri Studios in Fort Lauderdale. Charlie's natural hairline system is the best in the world, which is why everybody with a brain goes to see him whether they're multi-millionaires or sluppers or somewhere in between because they know that for no amount of money in the world can they get a better more natural look and system than Charlie's natural hairline piece. Charlie gives it a 30-day guarantee. He doesn't lose but that big glowing glaring ugly bald spot. If you don't love the way it looks and feels up to 30 days, Charlie give you a full refund. If you're not getting laid 20, 30, 40 times an hour, Charlie give you a money back. Call today and take advantage of your $200 Neil Rogers discount. Charlie also services and repairs all types of air systems while you wait for only 25 or 30 bucks. Here's the toll free number to call. There's no obligation to give you a free consultation and they'll actually show you just how much better and younger. They can get you fast to look. 1-800-3-21-24-13. Be sure to tell them that we'll be able to call or check out their website CharlesLFerry.com. And look, this is Fort Real by 62. You wait for you, A.M. Oh, I'm sick of family. In other words, I had my fill at M. This Christmas, I'm glad it's over and I'm finally home. Please, God, let my folks move the room. Sicko here in Bob my tops, my pass surgery. Sicko here in Bob my mom. Fake screwed up, trick me. My sister, Doris, weighs 300 pounds. Whatever she sits on in waters, it drowns. And there's my calls in, earning from her way. Wanna shock her in this game? It's okay, we know. You're a mole. Sicko my family. I'm glad that I'm home. Did you see more? Please, God let my folks move the room. It's a 10 o'clock right on the nose. The big hand is on your little hand. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Don't forget Joe Rose for the mad dog at one. Hank at the Crystal Palace at a Bahamas and other tough assignment for the Humper. Between 37 has happened. Perkuh Island at 7 followed by Josh Friedman 9 to 10. One hour's play for him and an indicate a 10 from GA and Joe and Mark overnight. Here is this fact is so idiotic that I'm almost a nail. I'm a little shocked you haven't spoken more about the tragedy that continues to unravel with the Buffalo Sabers. They say in a hockey show, KJ, I'm talking about being in a hockey game and about the behavior of the people, not about hockey. Because there's nobody down here who gives a crab. In addition to which he's a little bit shocked. What does that have to do with us? Aren't you concerned about the tragedy of the Buffalo Sabers? What? Who's concerned about stew bars in Mirrochotan and Marty Beiron? And right now I think that when I feel sorry for his victim, right? What are the great broad characters of all time? And anyway, he says at the end of his idiotic about I show, so probably should be a cause I'm from Rochester, I should also be a Buffalo Bill's fan. Here's the guy that's telling me what I should think, what teams I should root for and also at the end, PS George is really bad on the nearby zone. So there you go George, somebody that don't like you. J, blow it out your ass sweetheart. Get a life. Take that kill boss out of here. Back to him. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the video as family shrieks police killed dog. Now Carlos has actually seen the video I haven't seen. Did you see it? No, I haven't seen it. I'll I'm sure we will. Cooksville, Tennessee. Police video released yesterday showed an North Carolina family kneeling and handcuffed, who shrieked his officers killed their dog, which appeared to be playfully wagging its tail with a shotgun during a traffic stop. I think we'd like to get this cop and that blonde from the hockey game my last night and just time together. The FBI agent. The FBI agent and put him on a railroad trestle. Huh? That sounds good? But the trestle. Call up more into our children. The smoke family was pulled over an evening at January 1th on interstate 40 in eastern Tennessee by officers who mistakenly suspected them of carjacking. An investigation showed James Smoke and simply left his wallet on the roof of his car to gas station and motorists who saw his money flop the car as he drove away called police. But butcher Yentz is. How do you like that? They called police. The family was driving through eastern Tennessee other way home from New Year's trip to Nashville. They told CNN they're in the process of getting an attorney and considering legalization against the Cookfield Tennessee police department and the Tennessee highway patrol for what happened to them in their dog. In the video released by the THP, officers are heard ordering the family one by one to get out of their car with their hands up. James Smoke and his wife Pamela and 17 year old son Brandon ordered to get out of their knees and handcuffed. What did I do, James Smoke asked the officers? Sir inside information is that you was involved. Listen that. Inside information is that you was involved in some type of robbery in Davidson County. The unidentified officer says you was involved. He was involved. Smoke and his wife protested incredulously telling the officers that they're from South Carolina. Oh, and that their mother and father and log traveling another car alongside them. The smokes told CNN that as they knelt handcuffed they pleaded with officers to close the doors of their car so their two dogs wouldn't escape. But the officers wouldn't listen. Pamela Smoke has seen on the tape looking up at the officer telling him slowly that dog is not mean he won't hurt you. Her husband says I got a dog and a car I don't want him to jump out. The tape then shows the smoke's medium sized brown dog rumping on the shoulder of the interstate. It's tail wagging as the family yells the dog named Pat and first heads away from the road. Then quickly circles back toward the family. An officer in a blue uniform aims his shotgun as the dog infires at its head killing it immediately. They showed this? Huh? He hasn't seen it. I thought you said you did see it. No, he was asking us if we saw it. Because it's out there. The videos out there. For several moments all that is audible are shrieks as the family reacts to the shooting. James Smoke even stands up but often is pulling back down. Y'all shot my dog y'all shot my dog James Smoke cries. Oh my god, god Almighty. Oh god. Jesus tell me why y'all shoot my dog James Smoke says. The officers bring them to the patrol car. The family comes down but they still ask the officers for their relation. One of them says Pat and was going after the officer. No, he wasn't man James Smoke said you didn't have to kill it all like that. Y'all didn't have to do it. Brandon told CNN Pat and was playful and gentle like Scooby Doo and they have simply gone after the beam of the flashlight as he often did at home when Brandon and dog would play. The tendency to problem to safety which overseas the highway patrol said. An investigation is underway. Cooks felt police chief Robert Terry released a statement on the department's website last night. The department's regret over the incident. I know the officer wishes circumstances could have been different so he could have prevented shooting the dog Terry wrote. It is never gratifying to put it to put it to put an animal down, especially a family pet. And the officer reassures me he never displayed any satisfaction in doing so. He wasn't high-fiving. Terry said he and the vice mayor of Cooksville met with the family before they left again. They are deep as some of these for the loss of their dog. This is the smoke's very their pet at home a white cross marks the grave. So grow test. So freaking American man. Let's shoot anything that moves. Like the bitch with a blonde hair. See the dog is dead. She still lives. That's what pisses me off. I'm serious if I would have had some kind of a club, some kind of a weapon. Because I finally I just couldn't take it anymore. She was ignoring these poor people behind her. It's now the third period. It's a one-one game. It's an exciting game. It's really getting intense. And she's standing up. And they're screaming at her. Sit down. Please, we want to see the gift. And she just stand alive. I think she was also from South Carolina. Oh, she was a Southern bitch. Are we a real trailer trash type? Oh, I've got lots of clients all over the place here. Seriously, if it's the last thing I do, I'm going to find out who that bitch was. And who she works for. Here's my me Lake. Selam. Yes sir. That cops are real asshole. Yep. Okay, listen. I'm a young American tax-paying law-biting. Watch the story in 60 minutes. Two last minute about a food line somewhere in Ohio. People that have been out of work are lots of jobs that are really struggling to make it with what they make. Well for a wife or a food stamp wife. I'm wondering if the government ever sees these things and could do something about it. I'm just a dope lady, instead of bullying so much money, I mean two other countries and things like that. I understand that we have to help out other countries to make us look good. But we still, we've got to work on the people here in our country to begin with. Okay, inhale now. I'll tell you when to exhale. I'll tell you when to load it out. Ugh, okay. Well, press the buzzer when it's time. Yeah, they're doing something about it all right. Yeah, the worst. 560, Pound 560 on the AT&T. By the way, if you want to read the truth about Push's tax cut proposal, call Fool's Gold in the Village Voice, it's on our website now. I'm your Rogers.com, along with lots of other fantastic stuff. Springs, Cancel City, a lesson calls, myrium elephant inept. Do you believe we're going to run for president? Oh, I like this strap on air fratting, but only forget to talk about that. I can just can't you envision that people flying into each other and said it, especially here in South Florida. If they can't drive a car, like your couple of blocks without killing somebody or coming damn close, you can just imagine them with their little flying machines. Flitten around up in the ear, a bite of hard hat. Of course, flitten around up in the ear, some of us don't need a flying machine. Here's POPINO, hello. Yes, sir. Welcome to the old happy new year. Same deal. Listen, I know you're a big game show, Fagga, three great things to talk about. Right now, if you guys have the game show network, there's some show one with Bill Colon. I know you always commented about him. Yeah. So he's on right now. Radio show now. Hi, I know what's old. No, I know you like Bill Colon. Well, I just thought I love Bill Colon. I just thought I pointed out his call Blockbuster as I'm game show. Yeah, I know that show. Okay. Second thing, real brief is this, and I'm going to talk to you about us, because I work as an usher at a couple of different places. The guy who was a king of spring break, crazy Greg Null, is about to pass away. Right, and more of that. Right. Yeah, I just thought I'd fill you in on that. He loves you. And he just loves your attitude and all things. So I just thought I pointed out. Well, wait a minute. But what does that have to do with usher? No, I'm going to tell you that right now. Oh, I'm going to tell you. I'm sorry. I said, three quick. Boy, you don't want to hear depressing news about Greg is just on a verge of power. I talked about that back in November already. I know. I know. Okay, I'm sorry. Is he going to leave us as being at least? Uh, no, but he's going to have a hell of a party. It is winking in his funeral. I'm sure he will. He's paying for it. There's another great example. There's the guy who invented spring break. And once they destroyed spring break here, that was like the message. Anybody out of the age of 100, we're making an official today. We don't want you here. Right. You'll place for you. I said, now regarding usher's. I've worked at a couple of places around the area. I can't really say where I'll probably want to lose my job. When people, I'm not taking this woman's side. The woman that was standing up in front of you. Believe it or not, if somebody buys a seat to an event, whether it's a hockey game, a concert, anything. They want to stand up in front of their seat. There's nothing legally that you or the usher's can do about it. No, no. I've had people say that to me. I've had the police and other security people say that to me. You cannot force somebody to sit down and be standing up in front of the seat. Let me say, let me say this to you. Let me say this to you. We all do respect. If someone has tickets, whether they bought them or they stole them or whatever else. And somebody else is inhibiting their ability to enjoy the event. By standing up, by acting rowdy, whatever it is, whatever you describe it, there is no way to just they should be removed immediately. I've had people. Period. There's no debate. They should be removed immediately. I don't give a crap. It is matter of fact. I don't want to talk to you. He's trying to justify it. He says first of all, I don't want to justify it. And then while there's no legal, that's not the point. The point is that the people, like the Panther organization in this case, or the promoters of a concert or whatever else, if they want to expect people to come back and subsidize their crap, it cannot be permitted. It's not allowed. It would be the same if she took her pants down and took a dump right there when she was in the middle of the street. It's just not acceptable. The idea that somehow because she paid for the seat there for it, it's easy to tell them to do whatever it helps you want. Sorry. Now she wouldn't like died in the seat. Then we would have had a party. Which still be there. I'd had a call George to do the show today. We'd have had a party. I would have danced on her grave. I'm serious. You have never ever encountered a person like this, like this bitch. Can you even envision it? People are screaming at her now. Sit down. I screamed at the top of my life. I said the hell down already. God damn it. And she still standing there. And the issue is back up there when I came. When I went flying up there and he's a little bit more. Maybe he knows this last guy that just called me here. Who's trying to rationalize it away. Oh, she's got her right to the way. She bought the ticket. Bull crap. Bull crap. You don't have a right to interfere with other people's view of the game. The event, whatever it is. So don't give me a son and that's like she's got her right to do whatever. You could apply that to anything. What if somebody was standing online at the checkout counter not moving just standing there? Yeah, that's right. Well, they're entitled to their constitution and the right to stand there and block everybody else off. Or how about if somebody just gets out there and creates a hazard on the interstate? Just going about 10 miles an hour. We have a minimum speed limit for that reason. You just can't do whatever it has you want, sir. Bitch. The disgusting, obnoxious, blonde-headed bitch. And I'm not sure who's worse. Or the little kid that was coming in. See, it's, I don't think little kid was his father. I mean, there was just a combination of all of the, and I'm sure it just isn't me. It isn't only me. Nope. Because these other people in my section were just apoplectic including the ones who left. Thing left. And there were real fans there there all the time. They pay for their seats. So you people in the organization, man. You're sure is hell not doing it. You can cry and weep and man. Listen, but the fan. And yeah, it is a horse ball town. It's not a hockey town. I understand that. But when you understand all of those things, that means you have to try harder. You have to go the extra 5,000 yards to make it an enjoyable experience for the public. Especially at those inflated prices. God damn it. And this, and this, so I get a call from a guy justifying it. That's typical. 12 and a sense of 10 at 5, 60 WQM. Hey, let me tell you about a great place where they will treat you right. Were they polite? Were they love your business? And that's Brandy's incompetent beats. Were you find the biggest selection of men's and women's shoes all the time? The best service and most important to most people. The best prices in town period. And we're not talking about off-name brands. That nobody ever heard of any more that your feet would like sneeze at. We're talking about the top quality names and the shoe business. The names like rock ports, floor shine, SAS, spirit, timelah naturalizer and lots more. And with a big selection, they got a brandy's. You can just about be damn sure. They got your size and style in stock right now. The stick on your feet. Brandy's is open every day from 9 to 9 Sunday's 10 to 5 in your final and the same great location they've been doing people's feet right for about 5,000 years. 12, 19 or federal highway in Pompano Beach. It's always worth a trip no matter where you are. And all this week at Brandy's, it's a great time to buy new balance shoes. All men's and women's new balance styles are 20% off this week at Brandy's. In prestigious Pompino Beach. My little girl, this is 56. The ring is on yours. You ain't... Pabapena's. I've never had one. I swear. Never made it as a wise man. I've thrown him prison for a penny stealing. My friends were the inmates. Though they can get touchy, feeling he I don't know. Now, bandy, honey. I'm holding out very honey. Thinking love to my can. I'm holding out very honey. Thinking love to my can. I'm in the shower. The story. I drop the soap and you'll be sorry. Hey, man, there's nothing. The wrapping. The wrapping. You're for a little of making. It's so wrong. You've been down. You've got the soap and the windshield bottom. They like me when I'm wet. The prison life is a pain for a year. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, pain for a year. Rectom. That's 17 at 5.60. Nobody QM happy. Thursday 2 a baby. This is the place, man. This is where it's at. South Florida. It's a paradise. Make no mistake about that. 34 votes. Somebody here has been the worst chronic on the show. 34 votes for the mitochondi. 11 young 29. Penest in professional Catholic and O'Jomp provocative tour 28. Gilbert 27. Eddie 17. Everybody else single. This is including Woody. He's only about eight. I think he ranks higher than that. I voted for Woody. If you add up all the years and numbers of calls. Andy from Hollywood 8, Mitch from the video story 7, Greg from 14, Lucy, it's set of a seven who hasn't faxed me today. And I feel really pissed off. You'll see go K. T. 3. Oh, honey, I did this. You'll see go. Come over to the business house. I mean, I'm being having a guest on the year. We'd be talking about maybe something even worthwhile. You know, which didn't happen very often. It not that it happens anymore. But. And right in the middle of the conversation about whatever the topic was. Oh, honey, I did this. Let's go. Single. Lied Mike to and the guy with the eyes got a vote. I've achieved voted from so just we've not left out. What's it library? Yeah, he used to being lonely when you think. That's his man. Mom passed up. Why did now why do you say something like that? We actually said we liked her. She was a pit. But that was a long time ago. Right. Why do you say something like that? That's just so. She's the only talk to. Just so tacky. It's just grow. I just. George said to find a way. I didn't sit. What tells his name? Ken. Ken. I think I think it's. Now you're right. We could have put. Ken. Ken. Block on there. Especially after he fastest. That good information the other day. But nobody knows who that is. Ah, lot to the. Ha ha ha. This is South Florida for all your visitors out there. Where our middle name is. Is that. Here's. Hello. Hey. Hey. Okay. Did you say how we've been moved up the first class? Yeah. That means he's bad at sitting in a cozy. How does that work? That. That's a good point. Never thought about that. I've said it. They sure did a couple of people a big favor. Doesn't he make enough money that he can afford like a first class. Not anymore. Not since all of his ex wives have been so in him. He had to pay all these. Settlements for all these other things that are going on. Well, he probably has to pay George every now and again, too. George and him are in Kuz. The could be. What do you mean? What are your fans out there, George? Obviously. Five six seven is probably Jay that's him and that idiot. I'm not talking about the fate of the Buffalo Saber because I'm not in Buffalo. It's not a sports show. You got the message. Jay. God. Here's one from a Tim Potts again. I'm not interested. Tim you bug me. Okay. Chronic Factor. Tim. Get a life. And your comedy. But suck. Was it as comedy or did you song? I forget what hell he's the thing was. I don't recall. And we don't want to recall. We want to forget. We're trying to forget you, Tim. We're trying to do a self-labotomy. Where you just take your finger like Regweed always does. You stick it in that big hole in your head. And you find that one spot where you are etched in there. And you like pick it out like a booger. Huh? I didn't hit those like a booger from your brain. That's what you do. You pick it out. And you toss it like that's it off against the wall. And then you say, I forgot Tim Potts. Here's Pinecres, though. All right. Don't read B, Chillow. Yes, sir. Neil, I am so excited to talk to you. I have so many things to say. I'll be as busy as I can. Well, thank you. Don't be brief. Take all the time. First of all, I was born and raised in South Florida. I have the luxury to say. I'm leaving this town. And I ain't telling you all your wishes. Where I'm going. Because I don't want to get any of these assholes to follow me. I mean, I mean, that's for the bottom of my heart. Real quick, Neil, you have brought such story to me. And these people, the snowbirds, and they have no idea what they got down here. Here's a whack-out analogy. You know, have you ever seen the footprint to the sand that's thing on the walls? It's a religious thing. And the guy dies and he dreams, geez, Lord, how come every time the lowest part of my life is only one set of footprints? That's you, Neil, to me, meaning every time my life sucks. Every time I broke, every time I broke, every time I turned you on, and you make me laugh that they are hard at some believable. So I wanted to thank you, I'm being serious. Now, enough of that stuff, Jeff. I am too. Too pretty. Too pretty questions. And they leave this town that's... Yes, sir. Who is to sound the ghost? Oh. And the other one is... That's why I'm... No. More. Oh, no. Oh, no. No. Larry King. One is Larry King. No. And the other one is like... No. The other one is... What? That was the one. No. That one? And I'd really like that. I don't think you want to answer to my answer to your question. You just keep going, okay? I don't want to keep going. I'm going to tell you, but you obviously don't care. Go ahead. I'm sorry. And the other one is the old man, which is the opposite. Your... who the hell is that? I've got a spoff a little bill. Silence of the lambs. Oh my goodness. Well, buddy, I needed. I'm leaving town. And... Good luck, yes. You're having a great life. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. See, it's just me. I'm a grumpy old grouch. It's just me. Belly, I can about stuff that the rest of those people there. They're in La La La. They all had a great time. And they're sure not going to call me even if they didn't accept that one for his guy. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing, man? Okay. I just got to bring it down like dirt now. There's funny all the things you come up and you say, but you know, I'm not a stupid really true man. The hair ain't seen on everything that's out there. It's sad, man. But I was at the parents of Game Master. I'm glad I wasn't seen with you because I would probably throw some ice out there also. And, you know, that would probably be good for the blonde bitch. But go raiders. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line and other. We got one call on the board. I am just at a loss. Okay. I mean, I had a feeling that something was going to happen here today. And it is same thing that happened yesterday and that they before this. I think maybe I'm wrong, but I think I'm going to be going back to a periodicals on audio. Because I will not do this all year. There's no chance in hell. I'm going to sit here for four more years begging for people to say something every day. It's just it's not a talk show. And every time I take one of those pools, which I probably shouldn't do, because I enjoy doing it. It's a lot of work put it in the bottom of me. Quatera that bitch that called you a couple weeks ago. I don't know if it's a cup out. Is it too much work? No, it's not too much work. I just got to feeling that the Zodians didn't want that. They don't want to hear somebody reading on the ear for four hours every day. They want to hear a telephone talk show with a bunch of goofballs calling. We can't even get that. We can't even get that out of you people. Because this town gives the yield nothing. They will give you nothing except the migraine. And big hemorrhids. How's the hemorrhids, Ma? Here's my me Lake, Sillow. No. Yes sir. Okay. Hey, you've left your lips there. Of the Paul. Yeah. That Chris wish guys. So what? The Chris? Yeah. Okay. Him. Not interested. Here's for Robert L. Hello. Hey, you're not with you. Okay. One of the comments about the woman who is standing in front of you at the stadium. Mm-hmm. Let you know the last phone call was talking about the legalities of whether or not they could do something. You absolutely right. You're something should be done and could be done because you'll see on the back of any ticket you buy in the arena. It says you are a guest of the arena. You're a guest of the promoter. Right. And they have a way to take that back at any period of time for any reason. Of course. By that ticket. That doesn't mean you can take a document as you want. That means it should give them a hard time. That'll write to removing for any reason they want to use their guests. If you're a real creating a disturbance of any kind, they should remove you immediately. That's right. They have a right too. They absolutely do. Maybe now we know why that guy's in an usher anymore. Have a great day, Paul. Hey, Karen. Thanks for your oral support. Over the years who's been the worst chronic on you'll show they might have colon guy 39. Dennis the professional Catholic 33. Gilbert 31. Reverend Jones 30. Anybody don't know Reverend Jones has got 85 different voices now. Yeah, that's him. Eddie 20. And everybody else single digits. Everybody else is sucking hind. Wind. And. You know, I see I don't want to be so busy, but I'm sure it's from being here. You know, you're right. I'm in a much better mood when I'm in Toronto. Because for example, this log whoever this M.B. is at an MP and whatever, what is her name? The show. Michelle. I'll see a nice person. Sweetheart incompetent. incompetent. Where's the water now? See she on vacation or something? No, she's here. Well, if she's here, then how come the log is said? How come MP keeps making these additions? Why don't the water now? See straight and around? This woman couldn't do a log if you stuck at Uzi up her ass. She keeps putting that. Why didn't she just put the same spots all back to back? And the sad part of it is nobody in this place cares. Nobody cares here. See what I'm in Toronto. I just am I'm removed from this. So I don't have to be surrounded by this by the feeling like, I don't know. Like I've just had a rolled around in a big cow pile. You know, that's how that's the feeling you get. You want to go and run and take a shower real quick. So I can countering the the the crow in a hallway. I mean, that stench. That cashmere bouquet or whatever it is. Let's find out what brand of talcom powder he bates in every morning. At least he takes a bath. That's a good start. You know, another good year has gone by or another bad year. Whatever was for you and it may not be all that great. If you're still underpaid and stuck in a really crappy dead end job. If your new year's resolution is to get you a high pancare and get out of that horrible dead end, call fast train right now. They'll help you do it. Call 1-866 fast train. If you enroll now, you can be certified on the way to a new high pancareer by April. What was that thing about April? Did you see that? Oh, what he's keep saying April? For April of Eve? Yes. Because that's what that stands for. That means. I'll real is April. I see. Speak. Yes. If you can commit to the night's a week fast train can have you certified as a computer professional by April. So call fast train. Tool free at 1-866 fast train. Fast train offers job placement easy financing day. Not a weekend classes. Fast train got forked and viney located in by the way. Fast train. For a weekend locations in Miami, Kindle, Fort Lauderdale, and Pepper Pines. It's with a G. It's once it will call to be on your way to the outside and clear. Say goodbye to your dead end boss and your dead end crappy paycheck and get you a real career in the computer industry where a lot of guys are making a big bucks. Call fast train right now. At 1-866 fast train. 1-866 fast train. Or check them out on that wicked web. I was just speaking about only moments ago. Maybe 8-866 fast train. Or check them out on that wicked web. I was just speaking about only moments ago. Maybe April Avian will be on there too. Fast. See that. Are you telling me she's hot? Tchau. April Avian. She's like one step away from Christy. I like her music. And she's like Christy and Agalera. We'll wait one or two more slices of cheese. Oh. Oh. Or check them out on the web at fast train.com. Oh. We're supposed to be in 5-666. You a-m. That rich reminds me of my mother. I'm a-m. That's a-m. That's a-m. But you're not good for me. I'm a-m. I'm a-m. I'm a-m. I'm a-m. I'm a-m. That's a-m. That's a-m. That's a-m. But you're-m. But you're-m. That's a-m. I'm a-m. I'm a-m. Oh. Or check them out on the web. I'm a-m. But you're-m. That's a-m. That's a-m. But you're-m. What you-m? Back to you. Back to you. Always. You always, always. Back to the life. And you're-m. And you're-m. So, sir, I'm a-m. I'm a-m. But you're-m. And you're-m-m. And I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more Good plug Gilbert 1032 at 560 WQAM So here's the facts and I hate to do this because Eric's gonna really all better shape you It must be very unusual but It says How can you possibly omit? Oh, this is a risk factor Oh no wonder no wonder he remembered You know fat rich reminds me of my mother That voice, Paul Harvey Jr Paul Harvey Jr's gonna be on there Sorry about that Eric but you gotta add him on I'm a chill move up the left I know rich practical vote form So we find somebody else's computer Here's a fact that says did you happen here the car on Mo show they talked about you know cuz I don't listen to Mo show Don't you understand I have my CDs? I listen to my music The car or stated you talk about mode during most of your show then most said he knows that if he would take out all the bits on mo You'd have about five minutes airtime left. He said more even mentioned book a Brian I have one thing to say about all this jealousy's of bits They all suck and mo wishes he dreams about having the ratings you have this is one female human spick who loves you to death keep up the good working conclusion Drop the colors they all blow as she says well, I wouldn't say they all blow but not a lot pretty weak today pretty weak this week Going through another one of these cycles man just like dog food this time we go through these cycles over and over and over again 567560 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line Here's our first lady of the day in West Palm Beach, hello People sit up stairs are actually a little bit more into hot and yeah, and then you have to deal with downstairs You know what you think I don't know I've never sat upstairs. I know I did I don't know why that should make a difference But we had a great one I will I will say this that the people sit upstairs most of them by their own tickets the people downstairs Those are corporate tickets and a lot of these jackasses that show up and get those tickets didn't pay for them We don't care what's going on and have no consideration for anybody who does I know the people four out of the lower level. Yeah, and how and what an unbelievable overtime Fedorov gets a break away or Coslog gets a break away hits the post and then finally Detroit wins Which you know was gonna happen, but No, don't rub it in Thanks, what would the phone that they'd be a sound huh? That was her phone no, no, I've noticed that on several calls don't start getting argumentative mister I'm not damn it. No seriously to follow you the calls today I'm talking about technical rest of it goes with the territory 567560 pound five 60 on a AT&T line 43 votes for my account that guy So far Dennis the professional Catholic 37 Reverend Joe slip it a little bit after a strong start he's tied with Gilbert 33 82 22 and what he 12 everybody else and click although Greg from forcing loosely's moving up to let her a little bit slowly He's gotten yine no fast from in today though Greg Greg you do I can't believe that Didn't I extend the hand their friendship yesterday? I think I really did sput his Pestering and just bugging and nettering Whatever that means Maybe this facts is from Greg what do you think it is? Can you now there's my psychic powers again as as I was saying that the facts was coming over to machine as I was saying that Is that spectacular or what am I in old fart or what? Think there's two pages or two pages no order took him so long that's why took him so long Dear Neil I'm offended to be part of today's poll when I think of the meaning of the worst chronic I would tend to think that was someone who has way too much free time in their hands Well obviously he doesn't provide a two page facts like this in the middle of a work day Which I already admitted to have been six to eight years ago These people call you up with nothing of substance. They want to hear themselves on a radio They want to irritate for no other reason except to validate the resistance Years ago when I lived in the toilet-browered county I wasn't very happy with my life I hated my job back then it was a form of a skip to be on your show. You know what though? I was smart enough to get out of that little Schmidt hole of a town I say shot hole about seven years ago a town where the population is so out of control a town where you have road rage every time you're in your car The traffic is so awful. I wanted to put a gun to my head and the people driving down there made it that much worse Just tried driving on university drive now compared to 10 or 15 years ago You have 80 year old people driving in a coma sitting on three phone books to see over the steering wheel Who by the way get their licenses renewed by mail without a driving test for six years by the way Greg That's a topic for future facts anyway It may You know something see we sold we sold him short you know I got ahead to digreg tear He's one of those people not good on the year, but great on the facts machine It says anyway may not be paradise Bob here in port say Lucy the people are friendly or most know how to speak English I'm very happy married to a beautiful woman in Vegas, by the way And on my own business On other words, I got married Vegas like George and Joe Castella I don't need your show to what being a scape I'm out there out of there for good as far as the meaning of worst chronic Clearly that wouldn't be someone who has an opinion a person who doesn't just call up to either kiss your ass Or just attempting it you wild up. I call it like I see it good or bad you can take it I've always appreciated that but I don't appreciate being in a pool for worst chronic how about best chronic? That's like that's like saying what was the best out of diarrhea you ever had in your life? You know Right as opposed to saying the worst diarrhea what was the best diarrhea you ever had my favorite head injury was that What was the what was the sweetest smelling fart at anybody ever blew any elevator when you were in there? Huh that I mean it's is How about the best chronic had in my mind would definitely be fine with me? How can I be in a group of the buncher freaks? Well it seems to me I could be wrong but some of these freaks he was concerning would like Andy from Holly would and Gilbert and the guy with the eyes ah Greg Most of them wait on hold the yelts for your five stupid words and then hang up I can't be converted that I have tapes very the way of my calls and taxes from seven or eight years ago that are four more interesting than anything I'm hearing at the present time people need to quit being afraid to talk to you you mean like Greg Reed Like Greg Reed who comes in here and brow beats George all the time Make sure that I make sure that my car's not done there that the coast is fair you know what I think when I start doing I'm gonna go down here. I'm gonna take my car and park over like by the BP gas station and I'm gonna walk back and sneak back in And I'm gonna sit in the corner over there where I can't be seen to the glass window and my great comes in here to start brow beat you I'll open up that door and I guarantee you he'll have it how far to tack right there in the room Let me know when you're gonna do that so I can bring my cam here. He will pass out right on the floor Because that man don't have the balls to speak to me All the time after I'm gonna come sit here bob beaten George about stuff that has nothing to do with George that George has no control over the George didn't do But it's easy to pick on George because he's a uh, I'll lemon you know Quizzling look exactly very well said a little quizzling a little dwarf Greg goes on to conclude here. Thank God just because the person doesn't agree with you You'll still usually live and speak without hanging up so grow some balls and open up your mind It's just a voice on the other end of the phone. I can't hurt you. It can't hurt you What always talking to the people out there the pussy's P s please you move me for the poor well No, no But excellent Facts today Greg outstanding Not as good as yesterday's where he made the very good point. What was the good pointy? May yesterday About what was it about it was it was an excellent point I mean it couldn't have been that good that I forgot already, but it was it was fair 5 6 and you got 10 votes now Greg We're moving up no kid us every one of those votes gives you like stimulation Make no mistake about it 20 to 11 at 5 60 WGM Joe rose the little dog for the mad dog there want to clock it in the Hank from the Crystal Palace in Bahamas The captain will be between three and seven how does he get all those tough assignments huh? And by the way did I mention yet today that Hank hates more like poison? Hey listen for the new year do you're some and you're back a big favor because one of the things about the way you feel is that sleep in every night Has a tremendous amount with the way you feel all day the following day and if you want to get yourself a great night sleep tonight and for months and years to come The way to do that is get a great mattress. How do you do that you make one simple easy call even a simple didn't can do it? Just call even a train monkey can do it just call 1 800 mattress MATT RES They'll have you sleeping like a baby all year long bottom actress carries silly sir to Simmons King Corlan every size and style when you call 1 800 mattress You'll be speaking with an expert bed and consultant who can recommend the perfect bed for you and your back They have what you want exactly the mattress you're looking for in stock No phony sales no bait and switch like those department and vetting stores and then when you order that new bed from dialometrist I guarantee MTA they'll have it there on time the very same day that you call if you like and you get to choose the date and time on this convenient for you And set a sit-in on your ass all day long praying that somebody might show up They pride yourself on their 99% on time record Which is just one reason why they're right first for overall customers satisfaction So what the smart people here at QAM which is Miguel George and I have done sleep on a mattress some dialometrist and kick in the new year with a gift for your back Column right now toll free 1 800 mATT RES Be sure and tell that crusty old Neo-Todiedic call 1 800 mATT RES for dialometrist the perfect way to start off the new year Everybody is a good host I know where to keep your hands clean It's a big oil it's with your own food Keep up your leg and flush with your shoes with food flushes one身 jerkaster Grab Orkwon Good, but she's... Good, but she's... That's the blood she's got. You're a bad team. Good, but the lay's bad. Watch if you're hand-for-pour, you touch. Or watch it naturally, don't matter much. You win it, but wait, she's a good enough. Now, listen, use your foot. Win, ever, you touch. Put your foot flushes. Put your foot flushes. Put your foot flushes. Put your foot flushes. Yeah, John, it's like work we spoke about, Leigh Ron. Thank you anyway. Please, put your foot flushes. Can we speak about it? Yeah. Thanks, Leigh Ron, like work you're a can, our book. Let's go, please. Let's go, please. Let's go. Let's go. See the short-car to nine. I realize the first thing I want to do is there my John and Leigh for if he should be listening at nine. Right up till one of the day, can you? What do you think? Meditory. It's a matter of fact, there were many people talking in Pomey last night that the most exciting few minutes in radio are across over between like 8.59 and like 9.02 or 3. Between, more one year's true. Because I've never done. They tune into who I'm going to say. See before that, I guess they were tuning in to hear what it was going to be Ginger Rogers, which I guess he's dropped that now that he's being very civil. And try to suck around a little bit. In addition, which that business is talking about me every day now, which I just find with me, I don't care. But it's just because the football seasons over. They got no material anymore. See what I'm saying? What do you say? Football seasons over. We lost. What are we going to do? Jimbo, what are we going to do? Are we cursed down here? Oh, by the way, the answer to that question is, yes, we are. So great follows up with another facts. And so I know he's responding to my question to my Alzheimer's. How can you forget yesterday's point? The current state of your station to bear the incredible flow from the 12 hours of Rick and Susneal and Phil for music that we'll never see again. Very good, Greg. Thanks for the reminder. How can you forget that? The flow. We used to have the flow. Now we got the old. Slow. Slow. And more. We got low, blow. And less flow. Very sad. I like the Supreme's. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. Why do you play that bit all the time? I hate that bit. I heard you play that again whenever I turned it on for like two minutes. It's long. The Supreme O.S. Good point. Kills some great time. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. When is the S2U? When is the I'd like to thank you and all of the contracts are given me all the last over the years. Ten years of listening to you. You're welcome. The price was right, too. I worked out here in Carl Springs and I set X vehicle. I've been with the company 17 years. Yes. And for ten years of listening to you, you make my day because the day goes much smoother. But I'd like to, uh... Did you say day go? No, the day goes. Why, yeah. Okay, I will. Watch it. But I'd like to share something from this morning though. I'm on my way to work this morning. And I agree with you. It's not the place. Here is the people. It's beautiful day out. It's blue skies. Lovely weather. But the people that sometimes make you shake your head. Right. I'm on my way to work this morning. I'm on the turn by coming south. And this lady next to me flies by me in this white car on her cell phone. So obviously she's not really paying attention. Right. And she's danger to everybody else. I slow down and let her go and I go about my business. But as I come up to the toll plaza, there's a car and it ends up that it's actually her. She passed where she had to grab the ticket to pay her toll. But she had to get out of the vehicle. Walk back to the toll plaza. Uh-huh. Grab the ticket and then we wanted to proceed. But right behind her. That's the f***ing of it. Right behind her. Where the man in the car, he was a bit about 90 years old. And he had pulled over too far to the right of the toll plaza and couldn't reach the ticket to the toll plaza. That's the point out of the meeting. They made such a traffic jam that everybody started harking the horns and going crazy. And I just like, I do that every day. I just shut my head and said, this is soft Florida. Yeah, this is shit. Take care of the smell. Have a nice day. Hey, like, pal. Bye. On your own, dad. He got a to offer. He got to incompetent old farts for the price of one. Oh, yesterday or Tuesday, I think I mentioned this as I was driving a mommy's house. I think I mentioned it. The 500 year old guy that was driving, they're coming. The other way and sterling road on the cell phone. This guy under the under ideal circumstances on an empty road with him being the only vehicle on the road for a 600 mile stretch still shouldn't be on a road. Couldn't drive his finger up his ass. And he's on the cell phone. Hey, are you doing honey? What's going on? What are the odds of the game tonight? You know, that kind of stuff. Maybe we've talked calling any K. I don't know. But good guy. What is going on here? And then, of course, you can't say anything because then you're picking out old people. You know, like Joe Costello always chastizes me for. In fact, he said that at the game last day said, are you still picking on those old farts? He didn't say that. He was talking about Vegas and about this and about that. And they're beat them. He just, you know, you're right about him. He's a little on the stubborn side. That's great. It's a part of this part. Because he married a young lady who's also a stubborn as a brick wall. So between the two of them, kid, wouldn't you like to be a flying wall in the kitchen and hear some of those discussions? They're walking floor show. It's great. Here's Margade. Hello. Yes, sir. You forgot one of the worst cronics of all time. Okay. Mr. G. Oh, yes. Oh, very, very good. Sir outstanding. And what reminded me of him was. Put it on there immediately, Eric. Please, Mr. G. Thank you. Yes. What reminded me of him recently was that Greg followed you over to Pomp and O Park. Uh-huh. Didn't Mr. G pull that back in the day, too. Oh, sure. Boy, nothing worse. I, I didn't appearance at some one of those condo complexes, but I was selling new condos or something. And he showed up there. And he takes a shirt off, which is an ugly side by the way. They're going to see. And he started running around and putting on a floor show. And everybody's looking in like, get the butterfly net, you know? Did he have a drink in his hand? Yeah. Yeah. Uh-huh. I'm so listen, you're going to be doing play by play and crow's going to be doing color. No, crow's going to be the color man. Why? See you. Ah. Ah, here we go. Here's now today. Today he's Jim, the little scratchy writing, you know, Jerry Jim. I don't read your facts, Jerry. Or whatever your name is. Also, Tracy Foster aka Joey. Don't waste our facts paper either because you're an idiot. See, he sent me stuff sucking up to me, where I go. Hey, what's the point? What is the point? You just a misfit, Joey Tracy Foster, whatever your name is. A little right wing misfit. Maybe you can lop with misdraud. That would be a good match. She's got a nice outfit, Mr. Archie Cleans. She sent that blue dress to the cleaners, either. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. That's what Lim told me. She said you ought to see her outfit. Here's Davey, hello. Hey, yeah. Yes, sir. Excellent. Nice thing. I'm sorry. I don't think it's an end of causing me kind of weak this whole week. I sort of noticed it too. Yeah, I'm laying. Pretty weak. Lane. Yeah. My big maybe I something to do with the majority of your cons come from big hurricane fans. And maybe that, you know, The majority of cons come from big hurricane fans. You know, most of the cracks. We don't have five hurricane fans in this audience. I don't know. I'm working. Like I said, there's one. There's one. I love you, Neil. And my son, my son. He's another. He's very crazy cause about Chris Bush. And five, six, seven, five, six, five, five. He had a sock over to phone. Obviously, when he was a little spick-friends, the crew was out. See, I told him they'd be upset that we left them off the pool. Very, very upset. Too bad. You guys lose your bunch of schmittheads, okay? And the only guys in town, the only his Spanish in the phone book who's name is Schmitt. 263 votes on a poll so far. The worst chronic of all time that my decline guy, 48, Dennis, the professional Catholic and rebel rouser in trouble. We can make her an O-Shop or vodka tour. Dennis O'Donovan and whatever his name is 42. Reverend Jones 41, Gilbert 36, Eddie 28, Greg from Port St. Lucy. Good news for you. Greg, you're all the way up to 16. What are you 13? And then it's single to just Mr. G. Just one under. Don't have any votes here. But I'm sure he will. As if he's like at home he will. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Hi, good morning, Neil. Yes sir. Chanch in the topic a little bit. I need you help. After four years having a dish, my condo commando decided to legal now. Is anything we can do? He said, what is legal? If illegal to have a dish and the condominium, of course. A grease. Oh, a dish. Yeah. I thought I'd like this. But he's full of crap. What can they do up on? I would say, call a lawyer. I'd be going to call one of those, uh, the Jew lawyers with the same two names. No, but you're talking to my company. I bet you the satellite companies themselves know about that and have some information that they can. Yeah. But he's still going to need a lawyer. Sure. Because the, uh, having some information is going to just do it by itself. Yeah, Congress passed the act that said that they can't do that. That was like two years ago, I think. I don't know what the number is. No, do I really care because I have 85 dishes. See, even a golem, our learning that's always good to have two separate dishes. 560, 560, pound 560. On the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Let's see, rarely do we like to wish you stay in November. This is from the Cooksville Police Department about the dog. Uh, I know the younger. Now, this, this was already in the story that I read. Thank you very much for this fact, but it was already in the story that I read. Thank you, and this is our love dog. And so do I. Oh, but you're so anti-cop. Yeah, I'm anti-cop. They blow away dogs that has just used their weapons in discriminatory. Blow away people like the way you were telling it story the other day about the woman who called in, uh, she was being attacked in a home on you about that today. It had just, uh, last week. And she's, so she's goes to the kitchen and gets a knife to try to protect yourself from this lunatic. Calls the cops. The cops shows up. She goes to the door opens it up because she's got a knife in her hand. He blows her away shoots her. So ask questions just two first ask questions later at the awake. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18. Now I want to say this. I don't want to like, you know, play a bunch of boss with the audience today, but the performance of the audience today and tomorrow will determine what happens on Monday. What do we go back to periodicals on audio and just, you know, cut off the phone again. Worked for me for seven or eight months. I loved it. Yeah. I mean, even though you don't believe that I was fine. It was like, I felt like I was doing something positive. I mean, obviously it was a waste of time, but at least it was a waste of time that I enjoyed doing. And I felt like I was being productive and passing along some of it information as opposed to sitting here and begging and cleaning something. You know, there's something wrong with you, people, man. You're just about to take hers. It's like those people at the hockey games. I'm not impressed with that. All these people come up to me. Oh, we love your show. And for 20 years, great. Well, give me a call when we're desperate here. Okay. Talk about what happened there last night. Have something to say about something. Can't do a canyon. No. Didn't think so. Man, this place. Woo. You think I'm going to be here for two months? You really believe that? No, no, no, no. I don't. Now don't you think I had the best of intentions about that? Sure. I do. That was my absolute positive intention to be here for two months for janitor per board. I would mind be a trade-in through six feet of snow to be honest with you. As opposed to, I mean, a weather here right now is paradise. It's great. Love it. Got that cool breeze in here? Nice and crisp. It almost makes you feel alive until you look around and see where you are. But other than that, man, the people we need a people transplant. We're putting on a call right now for a people transplant for south Florida plays. We're begging you. We want to replace about 50 or 60% of this town with some new blood. Most of the people we need to bring in under the edge of a hundred. There's a good start. Ugh! And even a few who speak English, which we don't want to get too carried away. If you ever been presented with an opportunity when you should have put a water or done something, but didn't do it well here's a deal for you. You should take advantage of right now. There is an incredible fan-y-may mortgage rate out there at 3.45%. This rates available by calling financial group toll free, 1-800-94053-63. If you were to compare a 7% rate with 3.45%, you'd say a $3,500 in the first year loan per each hundred thousand annual, 100,000 bucks is only 447 bucks a month. This is an opportunity that won't last long. It's a 40 year low. So if you think about refinancing or buying a home, do it. Call financial group at 1-800-94053-63. The process is simple and the call is free. 1-800-940-LEND. Financial group has been an equal housing lender to 1,000 of borrowers of the fan-y-may program. Credit restrictions do apply and rates a sub-utit change if you delay. At 1.34 APR, call financial group right now, why do you think about it? And when it doubted, check it out. 1-800-940-LEND. My life and local year sports video 560-U.A.M. David's a bitch. Coming up tonight, on inside of the high in the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story, we take a good, hard, stiff look in the start-up. They came from Jacksonville, the Germany changed the way people felt about Southern Rock. Since nobody gave a crap about Southern Rock in the first place, they easily accomplished their goal. They were 38 special. Sure, we was riding high back in 81, it was so 838 special Ditsinger, Donny Benzand. And he without success, we're still out there playing for the fans. That's why we do it. If I can meet Southern fans now, I'd like to tell them that they're the only thing that's keeping us from packing it in. You're in luck, Donny. We've got some of your fans right here. We're doing it! You're all my in. I'm doing fine. We know all the words to all your songs. Well now, I'm tired. Hold on, do you say, don't let go. I can't let go. You're a f*** rock man! And you're out there, man. Doing what you're doing for people like us. Oh, yeah, I guess that's true. That is so f*** amazing, man. Whoa, man. Oh, what? Why? I'm got hot on it. Oh, it's over, man. I'm sorry everybody, I've been eating it. It's all over. Well, our work here is done. It's a big juicy, shopping went, look at your business tonight. I'm inside the barn. Yep, my work is done. Remember that guy? Level 2 at 560, WDQAM 560, 70560, we got about 40 50 open lines. Pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon line. Here's a call from Miami Beach, hello. Miami Beach must be gone. Here's now they were actually there. They were just two late, plus a bad Humjab on that line. Here's another one we got to put on their Eric's story once again. Why don't we keep apologizing, you know? I mean, that's part of his thing. Shoe Steve, on your all chronistless, Shoe Steve. Haven't heard from him in a long time. Thanks a lot, thank you. Goodness. Shoe Steve. Here's a facts that says being obese at age 20 can cut up to 20 years off a person's life with the biggest impact on black men according to yet another study that underscores the long-term dangers of being overweight. Fat. The research appears in yesterday's Journal of the Mercon Medical Association was released today after another study that said, being fat at 40 shortens a person life by at least three years. But at 20, up to 20 years, it can shorten it and your life too. Oh, that's bad, man. Bad news that fat. George is making some soup on that eaten today. No lunch. I may be over to pizza law for a little bit later on with remember for a free meal. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. I said, hi. 60 pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Hi there. I'm trying to make a parody of the Donald McKinow's and the Michaelizer phone call using Mo Howard. Could you give me a suggestion? Should I make a guilty being the- Here's a call from Tampa, hello. Tampa. Not there. Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Hi. Okay. This is an avocquestion. I need your expertise. I'm going to band in the drummer band. He's a swinger. And if I make a my big question for George, but wait, your expertise will be required here just a few hours in the first second. Then, every little lunch style, that's fine. Then I'm a very little guy. Anyway, they're always picking up couples and, you know, when they're thinning, he compounds all the sort of a while back, they, he's performed all sex on men several times and he enjoys it. Yeah. And he goes on to say that he doesn't think he's gay. Yeah. And he says that, like, in healers, at this case, like, you know, I don't like men. I don't want to touch me, blah blah blah. I think if they just have a fascination with a penis. Yeah. And how was it? What's that? I said, how was it? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Library. I've got many open lines. And like I said before, today tomorrow, I don't think we're going to be having any calls on Monday. I don't think we're going to be taking any calls starting Monday. Looks like they want that. Obviously, they're lack of response. You indicates to me that they want to go back to the good old days of periodical sound audio. Neorides for four hours because the phone is so distressing and so pathetic and so weak. And again, I come on here. I do a heartfelt tirade for God of Nouros. How long this morning? And the first guy we spotted and that was basically it. And then we had the other asshole who tells me he's to be a security guard and or an usher or whatever. And they people can do whatever they want. And that's it. They just don't give a flying puck in his town. They don't care. Tampa again, hello. Yes sir. How you doing? Okay. Happy New Year's Year. Happy New Year's Year. Long time. Listen up. I just call to tell you that the word you need more to do all your problems yourself. I'm over here in high-porn Tampa, driving as all your new signs, which I haven't seen signs in a long time. And this one says, if you have any problems, I'll solve it. I'll solve it. Time's up. So we're all safe now. So let you know is there more problems. Good. Okay. Thanks for the good news pal. Don't call us again. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T. Thank God for great spacts. I'll tell you that. Certainly we're on the highlights of the show today. And probably, oh, here's the Orioles Spring Training schedule. Anybody want to hear it? No. I might read it a little bit later on. If things get slow. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Glad to see the wheels adjust the journey to South Florida. That's a fair okay for us. 90 days. And nobody cares about that either. But he's probably going to get out there and say, possibly, because we're appealing the 90 days. Right. That's right. I mean, they got some nerves to kind of in like Michael Mayo says. Whoever heard of a DUI guy being a puttin jail. Of course he forgets. I guess about the fact that he was on a wrong side of the road and killed a two-way. He was on the wrong side of the road and killed a two-way. But nevertheless, he had his buddies covered it up for him. Right. His buddies at the FHP. This is only a couple life destroyed in the process. No. So I promise. Neil, I'm leaving for all day today from South Florida. And I want to see if I ever quit signs there. I need to hear either one last time. Okay. You got him in. Okay. Other cloud new mineral. We'll look to you. Let's see. Here's a fact. Look at this design. I'm this fact. Pretty fancy. She never seen this before. It says, no. I'm not sure. I'm pretty fancy. She never seen this before. It says, Neil, I mean, dear Neil, most problem. Jellacy. One. Jellus resemin against the rival. A person enjoying success. A rival. I thought we were supposed to be on the same station. And we're even partners in the time slot. Six to ten. Anyway, Jellus resemin against the rival. A person enjoying success or advantage, et cetera. We're not the success or advantage itself. Two. Mental uneasiness from suspicion or fear of rivalry. On faithfulness, et cetera. Our eyes in love or aims. On his right-em-house dictionary. Describing jealousy. Song comes to mind. Jellacy, night in the U.T. Jellacy, I think that was Frankie Lane, wasn't it? Who's that in the doorway? Oh, it's, it's, uh, leather lungs. Get out of here. We got a show going. I don't bother him during the show. I'll be very, very upset. I'm not an emud today to see sales holes. Okay. What do he want? New copy. New copy for what? We whatever it is, we won't do it. Now it goes on to say, mow is now decided he's going to be funny. Like Neil only funnier, he bombs every time. He has no idea that your mind runs at 110 miles an hour. And his barely breaks a 30 mile an hour speed limit. He's pathetic. It says he can't afford to make himself look ridiculous. Have a great day signed, uh, B-way. Man in his position can't afford to make himself look ridiculous. So he ought to remove that hairpiece immediately. And a bag. 560, 560, 560, 560 on a AT&T. Line the mitochondrial and guys pull it away. 53 professional Catholic Dennis 47 Reverend Jones 43 Gilbert 39 and Andy 31. Greg, you'll be pleased to know you're all the way up to 18 sweetheart. Here's Davey. Hello. Hey Neil, that David, whatever his name is, what about the conspiracy of FHP? The way they spot you to the up is it was like LAPD out there. Yeah, that's what we just got to say. And what about the, uh, the restaurant to promote $5 beer drink all you want? I mean, you know, does anybody go and after them? No. I mean, it's ridiculous. Just like nobody's going after the cigarette manufacturers that are killing everybody with a cigarettes and just the raising the prices so we can get more tax money. Well, if somebody wants a smoke at our house, I think I'm going to drive into your car, you know, kill somebody, but these bars that promote, you know, they're all depends on what their smoke is. It's all depends on what their smoke is sir. Oh, sure, too. Anyway, I think go how he's pissed because you know, he used to be the jet bar caster. He's got a team that sucks and there's a real team going to play on all of that. You didn't think that's just an accident, do you? I think that's the greatest thing since the... Well, but I don't think it's just an accident that was, uh, that's exactly what happened. That's what I mean. That's why once he got out in New York, all of a sudden the jet made this tremendous recovery. And they found Chad Pennington and now they're on the way to the Super Bowl. And he's down here with a choking gagging team. It's a gift that ball key. And picks them to lose to the Patriots, which they did. And I still say he put the hex on them. Moe, kiss it death. If you don't believe me, look at the last couple of books. Five, six, seven, oh, forget a week from tomorrow. The book comes out, George. Why is that door, keep like, uh, what's, is somebody on the other side of it? Maybe it's just a breeze, I don't know. Yeah, maybe somebody's got a finesse dude. It's breeze out there. Maybe fat boy walked by in a hall. Kind of like opening a little bit a little, huh? Was there somebody out there? Maybe it was Philosauva. That's right, she's on vacation. I totally didn't water, not she was on vacation. She was a Michelle, who maybe a very nice person hasn't got a clue. She couldn't make a Lincoln log. She couldn't make a log in the ladies room. 11 past 11 at 5.60 WQM. What's the new copy for? So one of these spots I got on today that I'm going to do right now or like, what is it? It's for floors. Oh, we haven't got to them yet. Well, it's a new year and everybody out there who picked out during the holidays. Desperate to lose that weight. Here's a place you love shopping because it's for all of you folks who believe in low carb diets. The Atkins die all the other low carb, no sugar diets. And those ponds can be gone on a heartbeat before you can say, the lights of West Boca. The lights is your mega store for the Atkins die at a rainy low carb sugar free diet. It's the place to shop. Good reason to join the thousands of others who traveled to the lights because they've got tons and tons of goodies. Their entire store was dedicated to you with over 600 delicious low carb food products like their new control carb chocolate brownies and four scrumptious flavors with only one and half carbs. However, it's carbolite ice cream bread, tips, muffins, cheese cakes, pasta sauces, delights West Boca is the place and you can sample before you buy it and try before you buy it. And you'll discover what you like. They have a knowledgeable staff open seven days a week from 10 to 10 and they carry the most complete line of Atkins brand products in the world. They're always 25% off all day every day. And I'm sure you're hearing about them. A lot of talk again about the Atkins die because they discovered Guess what it really works. So, ahead for the number one low carb sugar free store in the world, the lights of West Boca. North East corner of Glades in 441 is where you'll find them right next to Boston Market or call tool free 1-877 low carb or check them out on the web at lowcarb.com and low all. This is 445-60. You wait and wait, you wait and wait. Bread them and say cheese. On the town in O'erock, the son of a saint, the Peter Claw, found a new skill they can't. Who knows what he's got in his mustache. Small pots and everything. He's got a few cans and that you're ready and he bought from France. He made a sandwich. He just a tad. Let's give him a little light. So he can see back that it's an American bomb. It's an American bomb. What's up with my suit? Till he can't fall his mom. It's an American bomb. It's an American bomb. It's an American bomb. Every smaller American bomb. 11-15-560 WQAM. 54 votes for the Muddy Cone Guy. Dennis, the professional Catholic, is right on his ass with 52. I bet your father-o-tools got to be nervous about that. Here in the Dennis' right on the Muddy Cone Guy's ass. Reverend Jones 45, speaker of that, Gilbert 39, 8033. And Greg is almost in the 20s, 19. Mark Vandermerley, former voice of the year, Hurricanes was just in. He's on vacation here, like visiting his dad and 70th birthday tomorrow. Happy birthday, I'll sleep. We're doing a real good with the Houston Texans. That's the same as your real good Dutch boy, good man. A lot of fun working with him here, and then of course you see what we got now. Well, here's the facts from Jane, who says the story of the cops shooting the dog is absolutely revolving. Humans have some nerve calling animals, animals, right? Good point, Jane. Forgot to wish you and George and the folks who will help you out there happy new year. Happy new year, George and all the folks who help us out. Carlos, I guess that's it. Though it's ready to offer really off to a pretty crappy start. And I forgot to mention that George didn't do so bad by you. We're going on while he got, when he got all pissed off and fired up about his wife's doctor, he started to get interesting. And it was great to hear such sure Mr. Nays back at Wild. Ms. McRenery, also remember who I'm playing play the bow and did. But, uh, PS, concerned the FBI guy, you can't predict a cop in this country of anything. How about the cops in the air city, you shot the guy about 45 times. None of them will predict it at all. Good point, Jane. I'll let you do the yellow. Don't start. Don't stop with your anti-cop tie rates. George is going to be driving his SUV on a way along with license plate number. So all you've talked about there can be on a lookout. Give him a whole bunch of tickets. Here's the fact that says you had a car yesterday who was 23 asked how much your longer. How much younger your listeners could get on 19. And I've faxed and called you a number of times. I might even younger years in a met you and Rimmer on several occasions. I'm going to school in Orlando and listen to you religiously on the internet at the work day late. I'll get right to the point. It says, you belong with my own intelligence. It's certainly a way for organized religion and my Roman Catholic upbringing. Oh, right. Excellent. Good news. Oh, Dennis is upset. It amazes me in my young age that so much of this country in the world for that matter is walking so blindly through life, living to fulfill ridiculous rules and hopes of eternal life. Last semester I composed my English term paper on the subject of the Roman Catholic Church and the priest molestations. It's five pages would be a great honor to do it for you to read it on the ear. But if you don't want to understand just let me know. I'll facet it right over. What you can facet it on a parruse it. Maybe I'll read it on the year one day. See what I'm saying? I probably don't have time to like parruse right now. Also, you just read the article about being obesity age 20 and cut 20 years off your left especially black men. When I arrived at school this past year, I found that my roommate, who I was to share bathroom wood, is a 400 pound black guy aged 20. This was especially disturbing to me being a skinny white clean freak. You can imagine the sights I see and the horror gives me when I have to go to the full. shameless request, foul mouthed offens. No can do Kenny, but thanks for the nice fact. Can't play that no more. We don't think we can play it no more. We're not really sure, but I mentioned that to muff this morning that they won't tell us. See, it's kind of like Russian roulette. It's like when you send a comedy bit, what we try that at IOD, we send a couple of things into the FCC. Oh no, we can't rule on that now. There will be prior restraint. So we can't tell you whether it fits the guidelines or not. Just go ahead and play it and then we'll decide. Then we'll find you five grand or something. And like I said at the time, and I'll say it again, it's like putting up a new super highway without putting signs of the speed limit on there. And you off ahead and you get on there and you think, oh well, about 65 would be good on here. And then they put it over. Oh no, that's only 50 on this road. We just decided. Why? Because you're going 65. Same thing. Here's Miami, hello. No, someone. Hey, nobody. Name is Neil on the ear, sir. I'm sorry. I only read a little to just call me by that name. I'm sorry. Yes. I'm just real quickly. Don't be sorry, just don't do it again. Not impressed. Sorry. He's... Sorry. You read him. The article is morning, I read about alcohol steam. Yeah. I think at the... That's more important, yes. Right. Now, I'm not an alcohol steam fan. I mean, there's no reason. But I will say this. And you talked about it. The thing, the fact that this lady is a screener, a security screener. Yeah. And she was brought to tears based on a few things that she said. I feel, you know, she needs to be far today because if she is supposed to be screening for a terrorist, people like the Curtis, and then a simple comment on it. If I bring you, you should wear uniform. Yeah. That's a good point. We don't need any simply a whimps there. We're like if somebody looks at him across the, I'd start breaking down in tears because the tears get in the rise. And then about three or four bags slip through. And maybe one of them's got the big bomba in it. That's a good point. Exactly. So that one in the... I don't know Alice still disgusting. And the thing in... Quit knocking on your head in there, George. You got your head so far. The alcohol steam's in. I'm talking about you. I'm not so much. I haven't seen him in like a year. Well, that's only because I'm banned him from this joint here. Plus he ain't buying any more free meals. If he invited you and Chris to look for a free meal this weekend, you'd be there in a heartbeat. Yes, you wouldn't. That would be right there with you. No. Free loaders. Go ahead, sir. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm talking with you. The cop the killer. The cop the killer. I seriously can't wait to see the lawsuit. I only wish I could be on the jury. Yeah. I mean, as a dog owner myself, I can't believe that. I could only just imagine the insanity that that guy must have been. In addition to what stop and think about it, these people weren't guilty of anything. Yeah. I mean, that's the whole thing. Listen, when I was a kid, I was arrested by a dirty cop that was trying to put a charge on me that had nothing to do with anything. Yeah. And I've been in those shoes where I'll have something to pull over. What do you mean stolen car? We're talking about. You know, and it's insane. And the same guy that did it with the FBI guy, they watch out for their own, you know, maybe they're 15% dirty cops and maybe there's 85% good or the other way around. But the fact that there's even one bad cop and how the system works, it really sucks with people who never did a thing wrong. We have to put up with that crap. 90 days. If he gets the 90 days that is 90 days for killing two guys because he was drinking too much and on the wrong side of the road. And the benefit will when he comes out of prison, he would have that big fire and those vegetables. You know, so he'll be even, you know, probably 20 times in here. Oh, I see. SIGGOT. SIGGOT by enclosing. 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. 54 votes for the amount of corn guy and Dennis the professional Catholic 53. They're side by each. If you ask me, I think there's a blessed union going to take place there. Here's Del Rey Beach, hello. Del Rey. Going once. There, how do you like that sound? Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, New York. Yes. Hey, New York is a cop talk. I figured I had to call you in the first time caller. Shop talk. A cop talk. A cop talk. A cop talk. So yeah, I'm driving down 836 westbound. Just about to hit the toll booths. And I see a metro date, a plant riding to an old photographer. Lovely. He's just flying everywhere. The madam of two, they don't just want to say you guys are great. I love you. Hey George, you're awesome. Guys have a good day. Okay. Happy circus to you. All right. 10. 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Here's a call from Melbourne, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Down doing okay. All right. How about the put in the chronic on the board from the old guy? Were you fought back in? Is that you? That's me. You were trying to cure just a fun man. Yeah, I'm calling along. Yeah. Well, I thought you maybe could put me up there. Maybe all my words you punched back and boys could help put me up. No chance. All right. You've been through rehab. You're clean now. How do you do that, pal? All right. You see, there are people who want to be on that thing. That's really. I hate that funny. I wouldn't mind putting him on. Do you ever, you ever meet him? No. I did 350 votes on the road. I thought he was pretty interesting guy. Pretty interesting young man. Over the years, who's been the worst chronic on needles show. Dennis 50. All right. Let's hit. Oh, man. I feel validated now. How do you like that, Apple? So I has moved into the first place. Passingly, my Nikon guy. There's no fact in the church. Right. 56 for Dennis. Or is that Denise? The Metacon guy, 55. Rubber Jones 49. Gilbert, 41. Greg from Port St. Lucy. Greg's all the way up to 39. Eddie, Eddie 35. AKA Steve. Whatever the hell is name is. What's his name? Don't say it. Paul Harvey Jr. 18. How do you like that? He's only been on there. About four seconds. And he's already got 18 votes. Woody 13. Andy from Hollywood. It doesn't. He's a guy. He's a guy. He's a guy. He's a guy. He's a guy. He's a guy. He's a guy. He's a guy. He doesn't. Mitch from the video store 10. What a. It's only the passage of time that allows me. Not to puke when I see his name. Remember that? And with those days? I remember when he brought in the Italian Ice Man. I brought him into the studio. Oh, you face. Anyway. Mitch from the video store 10. At least we gave way a bunch of porn movies. I don't know, I do this, go, I'll say go for the mother's life with Chemera Knowshast. You'll see go six, blind Mike five, Mr. G three and choose Steve just went on there. He didn't have any votes yet. I think he's small potatoes. I don't think he can get people with the same. No, he forgot another one, but I'm not even going to say it on the air. Give me a clue. For fear of kind of a bad guy. Oh, no, no, I'm not going to say it. No. Here's Oakland Park, hello. I would like to concede and I want to off the pole immediately. Oh, boy. Well, if you climb down, maybe somebody will help you out, okay? You want to climb off the pole. Where is that thing? Here's Oakland Park, hello. Yes, is this Mr. Rogers speaking? Mr. Rogers. Reverend Jones here and I, you're another, another phony reverendian. Reverend, a controversial, he'll show today on all of us from the past. What is it? You're having a controversial show on the past. No, we're not talking about college from the past. You're a bit, bits that you're doing. Sure, what are you talking about? You're playing old bits? No, no, I'm not. We had a call a while back and I guess you did a tape and you made some type of a cart on it. I guess that's what they're telling me. And we discussed not playing it on the air. What are you talking about? That's the part that gave bits. That was one of my, there's, I guess, sir. You appreciate to not play that. I thought you would read the letter today. We'd leave your letter in your gate. You're gay. Did you receive the letter? You're gay. You're gay. Sir. You're gay. Did you receive the letter? You're gay. There'll be a lawsuit. You're gay. Sir. You're gay. No, you're gay, sir. You're gay. What was he trying to say? You're gay. Oh, 26 after 11 at 5. 60. Reverend Jones is, he's got 50. He's in a running. He's got a shot. Just like Jimmy said, we got a shot. He forgot to dot the eye, though. And then along came Dave wants that, and he did dot the eye. Hey, snow in Miami. Yes, Tom Lemon and Joe Prieto at the Hall of Pontiac GMC are buried. The fact we sent Hall of so many cars is no place to park him. Even Tom Lemon had a park car's in his driveway. So need to place one in yours. Hall is blowing out all the new vehicles. Regardless of profit, including the Pontiac vibe. Starting at only 13,998. And up to 5 grand off every GMC on boy and start. Plus gets 0% fine, and it's in up to a $3,000 rebate. Right now at the illustrious Hall of Pontiac GMC. And of course Hall of so-called, got the usual dependable selection of pre-owned car's trucks and SUVs. And if credit is a problem for you, if every other car dealer falls down on a ground in laughter when they see you approaching their showroom, have no fear because Hall of will cut you deal. It's a winner, Blizzard emergency clear and seal going on right now at Hall of Pontiac GMC. And you'll find them in the same spectacular location that they've been doing folks right for a very long time over 35 long years. That's 134. One South, Tixi Highway, US one across from the falls open seven days a week. And as always, be sure much in your hood about them here on the New Roger show because it'll save you even more money. You can call the New Roger's Neal Deal Hotline toll free at 1. Triple 8, 534, 4211. He's got the word Neal in the New Orleans 72 times this spot. Nice going, Tom. 1. Triple 8, 534, 4211 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. And don't forget, we are professional grades. My life and love! This is 42560. 1. Two way. Oh God, Neal. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 8, 1. Triple 8, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. 1. Triple 3, 33411 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. and death decision. That's exactly right. And another thing I mean the people that hire these cops don't they have some kind of competency prerequisite that they put these morons through? No. This was in Tennessee or forgetting. Oh, they'll believe it. Exactly. If they can yodel and pick their nose at the same time they're hired. Well the scary thing is that there's enough morons in regular society running around South Florida's evidence of that. And then there's the people that supposedly regulate and protect those people and they're the ones doing this stuff. I mean it's ridiculous. Hey man. God bless America sir. 560, 560, pound 560, this day out of Tennessee that's my best advice to you. Stay in the heart of there. Yeah. Not a place you want to be in Tennessee. Here's a call from the keys hello. Let me try it again. Here's a call from the keys hello. Here's Hollywood hello. I don't know how you do it Neil. Neither do I. Every single day you have to deal with people who have absolutely nothing to say. Yeah. And then like today we got about 50 of them who aren't even there. I want to talk you about Greg for a second. This is Greg. No, not Andy. I. 560, pound 560, pound 50 on the AT&T and Verizon R. I'm actually getting him a couple of extra votes. We don't talk to you Andy. You're uninvited on this show as of a long time ago is this the same Andy who said that he's real happy now. He's find other things to listen to in his life is wonderful and his lovely Japanese wife and yodel yodel and this man is as chronic as it gets. I have to tell you Monday. Believe you me. This weekend I'm going to be storing up a whole lot of good material starting a nice big stack of stuff. Get wait. But time stories. And you know what's the one if we get a two share. At least I'll enjoy those shows because I feel like I'm doing something worthwhile. As opposed to sitting here and demeaning myself day after day after day is there anybody out there got anything to say and I sure is hell. But all the stuff going on here that I've been talking about. And they still have nothing to say about it. And the excuses well they're scared to talk to Neil or Neil's a sour guy. Whatever the hell it is. They have nothing to say they have no opinion on anything. This is a vacuum. And the next time my friend Lynn Samuel's facts is may or emails me some crap about how wonderful South Florida is how much he likes it here. I'm going to like a fart right on a goddamn email and send it to her. Here's one for your land. There you go no charge. Because it makes me want to puk. You can't complain about the response you get down here because there isn't any. There's none. And that guy that called us said he used to be an usher in people can do whatever it and he'll want this guy he's he epitomizes this town. That's the attitude I guess. I'm out of step here. You're not supposed to be polite. You're supposed to be rude and indifferent to everybody else around you. Screw him. I'm sorry I forgot where I was. Here's Miramar hello. Yes sir. Good morning to you. This question's more geared toward George. I have a question because I know he goes to those clubs and I'll add. Yeah. I was wondering which one would he suggest out of all the last kid when he's on the air. Okay sir. Call George and talk about swing clubs. He's not on now. Good. Golly Miss Molly. 560. 560. We know where George hangs out. That's a day club you more. That's the club. Here's Palm Beach. Hello. Yes sir. Just a question about this day whole. Farrow. What could they do to him in civil court? What's the worst that he can get in civil court? I don't know but they're going to sue his ass. I know that. They're also going to sue the FHP. No. Well why not? No. He killed somebody who's your family. He's like OJ. And nobody in this town cares. Nobody in this town cares except the black community. They're all going to be a community who are up in arms but then again the most of them are used to getting the shirt of the stick anyway. It's horrible. It's such a black life Florida. Really is. But you know what this is where we can get from. Good luck to you pal. Thank you sir. I'll pray for you. 560. 560. 560. 560. On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. This place is enough to make you cry. What did that woman's ear for was crying when Alguilstein talked about her teacher. But her ass doesn't. Everybody. He doesn't because that's his whole thing is to be in public as loud and obnoxious and gross as he possibly can. Embarrassing. Every other word is got like four letters in three letters five letters. That's his life and now all of a sudden it's starting to crumble in a fall apart because people are tired of that stale. Sorry act just like it should be real starts tired of Ron Jeremy. The walking furball. Man oh man. Every time I see him one thing comes to mind. I want to yell out like that he was in here. Hey Ron go suck yourself. And of course. Well not anymore. Not a not a that way not a the 600 pound weight. Yes sir. I'm a sure. Hey hey doing okay. Hey dear that bit that you just played that uh Mo and ginger reunion. Who does that book of Brian. Welcome Brian. A genius. He is an absolute little genius. That's one of the funniest bits I ever heard. Good. 560 pound 560 on the 80 and Verizon Wireless line. Here's Boca. Hello. Hey. Good morning. Yes sir. Oh. Trying to contribute a little bit of my may. Boston public I called you a few weeks back and then I called George on his show and you followed me. I don't know if you're listening and I was saying how it's on the hour before Monday night football. Every Monday and I dealt with the priest remember. I don't know if you guys can't have turned on but that is one heck of a show. It totally called him out and one of the teachers was Melissa that the kid has one of his students were and it brought it to light. So well done the way it was done at show brings a lot of things out there and I'm just trying to get and encourage you. Maybe take a peek at it. It's the right before Monday night football the hour before. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Alright. Take a look at it. Nobody cares in America. We're concerned about the railions in that clone baby. The two of them. Both of them. They do it. All are great. In fact one of them is already smoking that wicked weed under in the red light district in Amsterdam. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. 20 till noon on a spectacular Thursday here at QA. 560 is 560. 3 years old. QA. 2. 2. 2. I snorke. Mr. Mouse. What the hell are you doing to me? What do you mean sir? Why am I reading in the paper? You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn? Well sir we're just scouting locations. Jesus. I'm scouting CEOs. You are killing me. But sir look what we've done with New York City Times Square. I'm going to get my country. Hang on. Bring it. Bring it. Turn off the back of your quinn and leave us. Get the blue bird out of here. Okay. I'm going to put sir. Look what we've done with Midtown Manhattan. 42nd Street is incredible. I know what. Publicly I support it. But you took all the part away. You can't me. I'm going through Gamma's Conway Pads. We're just scouting areas calm down. I'm going to need but much. Don't tell me to calm down. We've got lucky with we won't stay at $128 million. No. You're trying to ruin my whole network. We're kind of programming on you running. I'm hanging on a minute. Three months. Yeah. There's a bouquet crap all over your shoulder. It's way in yourself up for heaven's sake. And can't offer that to you, Queen. Oh, okay. Good. God. Sir, the network is fine. Why couldn't you come up with American Idol? Good God. You're still running James Bob movie. There's 60 years old. Why don't you just put Stan Bob really on to be done with it? We still have a couple of damn dollars. Well, the movie division's fine. You mentioned we were in fishing now. We have the new M. Knight Shumman movie coming out late on the summer. No. I think I'll sign. What the hell does that mean? Stop sign yields fine. You're going to start swinging some of these titles past me. Please. Oh. What do you mean? Raman. Raman. Get evil. I know you can't hear me. Raman. You're still running a bunch of people. Here's a lot of them run to the lake. Get all of you. We're going to take that bloser, Ginger. All right. I sir. Yes sir. I'd be very careful the next time I started my car. Why were you? What do you mean? I'm not done with you. What? I've done with the sir. I'm not done with the sir. I'm not done with your job. But sir. Here's a terrible story. They didn't have one William is in there. I don't like the name prison in a Disney remiss. What a wonderful day. Get out of here. You're not back. Hey man. I'm 45 and 560 WKOM. My all my what a day. That's my take. Over the years who's been the worst chronic on needle. Show Greg from Porta and Lucy would a lot of phony votes now. 91. We'll take him. The mighty cone guy 68. Dennis, the professional Catholic 62. Reverend Jones 54. Gilbert. 46. Eddie 40. Poor Arby Junior 20. Zooming up that list after a very very late edition. Andy from Hollywood 14. Woody with 14. Mitch from the video store 10. God with the eyes nine. You'll see go from KAT 7. Blind Mike Scott 5. Mr. D3 and shoes Steve got a vote. Probably him. How to 404. 567. 560. 560 on a AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line. Here's David. Nobody there. Thank you so much for hanging on that said. That's the end of our calls today. The nice talk. Can you. Here's another one in. David. Hello. Yes sir. I do a man. Okay. Thanks for making your call. Hey. You know, I just have a question. I've been busy so busy. I've been like working and no TV news papers. I've been busy. I've been busy. I've been busy. I've been busy. I've been busy. I've been busy. I've been busy. I've been busy. I've been busy. I've been busy. I've been busy. I've been busy. I've been busy. I've been busy. I've been busy. I've been busy. I've been busy. I've been busy. I've been busy. I've been busy. I've been busy. I've been busy. I've been busy. I've been busy. I've been busy. I've been busy. I've been busy. I've been busy. Otherwise, you Citors? Did Dr. Call,оже Markovsky? Youhaul me stable? And to make sure. I knew I was free on Pad Bodlj两sman. Don't know where they are. Maybe it's an American thing. Being rude and obnoxious and grotesque and standing up in front of other people and getting a place to admire. It happens at football games, certainly all over the country. Let's go burn the town down. We just want to championship. Let's go burn the city up. Maybe just maybe. That's the American fucking way. What was there, you know? What was Tommy just a mumble about? What was whoever was in there, just talking about? What? Something important? Maybe. We'll give me a clue, okay? Oh, fuck Greg. 560. No, we're trying to... Greg is leading in the pole. We're talking about Greg from porcelain Lucy. We just calm down. 560. 560. Greg, 860. Pound 560 on the AT&T line. Him too. Here's some rise, hello. Okay. Hey, listen, I understand this spectacular role as a drunk. I'm on the wrong side of the road. Yeah. I'm not making assumptions. Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't. Don't look at the Ole Miss Komi here. But the other party ran into his car. That's like, that's like charging right there. That's like charging and that's... 560. 560. Pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Pompano. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I want to talk about Miriam Olifot. Yes? How can they let this go on this... The government of Bride County? I mean, it's... It's a polling. And you see the newspapers. They say we're going to contact the governor. It's still not the done. She's asking the county to pay for their county. He needs to be fired right now, which would still be long overdue. Oh, she should have been fired after September. That is correct. But I'm not sure there's a certain aspect of this community. That will have to... Absolutely correct. If she was his white-esign, I guarantee she'd have had her ass fired a log time ago. Oh, yeah. And then they're trying to pin all the blame on this deputy. She just fired the guy that they made her hire. You know, to run the place, so it would be run efficiently. Yeah. You know, in here in Bride County, we all sit down and take it. And it's... You know, sure. Sure. You gotta understand. This is the most passive place on the face of the earth. Nobody here gives a flying crap. They may, you know, if they may voice a little bit of crap here in there. But they won't. They won't let the finger do anything here. These people are beaten down. They've given up. And they just don't care. Yeah, but I'm tired of it. I've written a Riley Colette. Well, what my suggestion is moved to a place where people do care because it's your ain't here and ain't going to be here. He's tired of it. Bride County's election crisis is prompted. Carl Springs decantally upcoming referendum and election experts to begin drawing up a Doomsday plan for other cities to run their own votes without the aid of these scandal plague elections office. This from the scum Sentinel. But even a city leader scramble to deal with petting municipal elections. Elections supervise their mirrorim elephant stepped up her demands on the county. She told county officials they owe her nearly 886 grand for expenses from November's Google to her election beyond what she was budgeted. Elephant also suffered another major defection in her top staff yesterday, losing the offices third lawyer in her two years in office. Michael Robinson's resignation came through weeks after elephants highly respected deputy Joe Connor, quit after charging kid interfered with his work. Despite everything elephant remained upbeat, removing a log in the right direction where the election she said, I'm pleased with our progress. She told a son Sentinel and a voice mail message. The first round of the 2003 municipal elections is a month away and Carl Springs drastic decision is assigned to the city's concerns about all of France's ability to run a smooth vote. Carl Springs wanted to place eight charter amendments on the March ballot. Carl Springs official cited a lack of confidence in all of the federal higher feces charging to handle elections as the reasons for mixing the referendum. Vice Mayor Alan Poland City hope the city's action would send a resounding alarm to the community. Are you alarmed? Is it resounding? No. Nobody cares. I mean, you just have to reach the point where you say, hey, they don't care. They're just up, you know, just up beating up on yourself. You can't make them care. You cannot force them to care. Just like my story today, the beginning of the show. I'm going to tell you, I could get a better response to on that sort of my little dog. He would probably lean right over and drop the little number on a carpet just in response just to end the fines to that grotesque behavior that I encountered. Nobody gives a crap. See, and you know something? Part of the problem with that is that if most of the people who were there, really cared about seeing a game, for example, in that case, then they'd care. But since most of our just heritage moves and lose and crews at abuse, they don't give a crap. The people nice to me, the people down my rural couple of seats who did care, they got up and they went home so they could see it on TV so they could see something. What they were paying for. The rest of the people, the movement like that. And yes, I know number 20 on the maple leaves is in Belphor, okay, sir. The guy, the Toronto guy that kept coming back up to me, you know, I mean, he's, he's okay, guy, but you don't have to test my knowledge about the players on the Toronto Maple leaves or in the National Haqili. God. What is it? What is this place? Please answer that question right now. What is this place? The village of the nation. Where we had the press conference in Hollywood Florida from the railions to announce the cloning of the first human being in Hollywood Florida. And when I heard about that, I thought, how appropriate that is. How perfect. Maybe they could clone my mother, then everybody could have hemorrhoids. In fact, it or not. Here's Parkland, hello. Yes, sir. Yes. They didn't even say it's Randy from Parkland. Because we don't do names on here, sir. Oh, true. What is it? I, I, I, I thought it was a situation. Let's say the guy that was driving her on the way. Yeah. Was a black fella. Uh-huh. Let's say the other two guys were you and I. Yeah. What do you think would have happened? Fifty years. Minimum. What do you want? You don't think so. I agree. It wouldn't have a Chinaman's chance if you pardon that expression. Yeah. I do care down here. I'm from Ohio and I do care. But you, you've got about two or four others. That's it. You got better get with it. Have a good one. You too. Get under the bed. Throw your head deep in that sand, baby. Stick a hole. Dig a hole deep in that sand. Put your head in there like an ostrich. Five six seven. Five six. Five six. Five six. On a AT&T and Verizon line. Here's sunrise. Hello. How can you talk about that mindless hobby all the time? I mean really. This town couldn't care less. Well, the mindless thing of the show. Because I'm listening. Why are you listening to the show? Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Mindless hockey. Hockies are great as sport in the world. And just because you're one of these dumb pink, uh, pink skin squeezers. Don't wait a bus. My balls about it. Okay. Tune it all the other shows on this station. And hear them talk in the same crap day after day after day. Twenty hours a day. The same mindless crap. That's mindless crap. I hate to break the news to you. But for South Florida football season is over sweetheart. It's over. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty. And it is. But he does have a good point. And that is because all you pass to people out there. You've given me no support over the years. I'm to show it all. None. I would like to be able to talk about a little bit more. And he's right. There's no interest here. You're right about that. Even as much of a schmuck as you are. You're absolutely right about that. They don't care how this town have a hockey team would be like a George Wernard Yarmulka. I mean, it just doesn't make any sense to me. But that well, and even worse than. If that's possible. Five six seven and by the way, Mo listen, you know, if Hitler came back and tried to join Ben E. Brith. They'd say no thanks. And the same with your overtures. Whatever they are. No thanks. Too late. Here's line four and somewhere. Hello. Yeah, George, the big. Faggy. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon line. The chronic pool. Greg from Port St. Lucy is going to have to be disqualified. I'm afraid 92. Might it come guys. Seventy Dennis, the professional Catholic 65. Reverend Jones 50 seven and Gilbert is hovering over all of them with. 49. He's looking in the back. Probably in the corner crying as usual. However, those great day. Oh, yeah. How could we forget? Miguel has no idea for all his bitch. No. Miguel, you just got like a little taste. So to speak. A sample. If you want to really get the real flavor of Gilbert, it's it's out of us for like many many hours. We'll tell you stories that you absolutely will not believe. We'll not believe. Hey, if you ever represented with an opportunity when you should have. Could have done something but did not do it. Well, there's an incredible fanny main mortgage rate out there at 3.45%. The rates available by calling financial group toll free 1 800 945333. If you want to compare a 7% rate with 3.45%. It's a 35% buck from the first year loan for E-100,000 E-WO. A hundred thousand dollars cost you only $447 a month at this rate. This is an opportunity that won't last forever. It's a 40 year low. So if you're thinking about refinancing or purchasing a home here's the deal for you. Conf natural group toll free 1 800 94053 63. The process is simple and the call is free 1 800 940 L.E. and the financial group has been an equal housing lender and 2000s of borrowers to the fanny main program. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change if you delay 5.34 APR. Call financial group today. Get all the details. There is no obligation called toll free 1 800 940 L.E. and the. We are supposed to be in 5.6 per a year. You a m. Ferrar, it be the 12th of the 1 hour on WQA. What's the matter pal? Prozac now working. Lithium just doesn't seem to do it for you anymore. Are you unable to cope? Then you need to talk to your doctor about new. Fug it all. It laws coming for the holidays. Fug it all. Boss riding you again. Fug it all. Wife being a pain in the ass. Fug it all. Fug it all has been prescribed in your free years. And thanks to a loophole in FDA regulations. He's now available in the good old US of A. Patients using Fug it all should be aware of the following side effects. oily discharge spontaneous air loss. Genital shrinking hysterical blindness. Kidney stallons. Uncertainly nail fungus. Reckful bleeding and worms. So when the pressures of everyday life get you down. I need this on my desk by 7. Test came back positive. I'm pregnant. Bony. Just reach for that little blue bottle and say. Fug it all. I do have a nice lunch. 12 noon at 5.60. WCM there's muffies. The only human in the building that we can count on. I mean, I don't want to say that like I'm sucking around because I would not do that. But he's the only one. That's right. Take that cross with it. Once you can't hurt, rub the rosary beads a little bit. Say if you hate me, how am I supposed to be for us? Cause we need him. So anyway, Mo has turned on Joe and Mark. Is that what you're telling me? That's the story. Oh no, Mo. Now there. Now there the scape code. See one thing. It's amazing to me. As when people look for scape codes for their failures, well, like when people start blowing off producers, things like that. I don't want mention no names. Or other people very similar. I don't want mention. All we somebody else is thought if they can't get any numbers. If they can't, if they go over like a pregnant pull vault or on a hot August day in the hell. So now the only people in the building who even given him since he's shown his true colors to all of us, who've even given him any slack who've tried to like be helpful and a little bit on the friendly side. Joe and Mark, too, very likable guys. By the way, I mean, just you know, just guys mentioned. Right. Munchin? Don't think it. And he's turned on him this morning. I haven't had a spastic outburst just before the crossover. There were six A and this morning. And the fact that he sandwiched between two non-sporchos is the reason that bombastic Mo ain't doing all that great is what he's saying for according to the grapevine. Isn't that something? And they changed their schedule for him. Yeah, they changed their schedule. So instead of doing Friday nights overnight because he's not on a Saturday morning like every other show does, they do Sunday nights, which nobody does so they can be the lead in for him. And he still turns on them. See a lot of you people out there don't want to believe me, which I don't really give a crap of the believe we're not. Because everybody in this building knows it's true. This is one dasturly situation we got here. Which is another good reason to be not here. See, because when I'm not here, it's like just, you know, rolls off your back. That Friday night was the only night that any real people had a chance to listen into them. Right, because they don't have to go to bed early. They would at least stay up late. They're out partying. They're coming in like in a wee hours in the morning. And they'll hear those guys. That's a very good point. And you notice and you notice by the way, that in the first book when they were on Friday night they had a really big number. And since they changed the hours to accommodate the heralus one, now all of a sudden they're last book when in the Trapper. Okay. Oh brother. Just to accommodate the grumpy grouchy old man with a bad vera course veins. That's it. Here's another facts from Greg. You see, I said one a day. Okay, like a vitamin pill. Make you feel good. Two a day, two adults and like three a day. The pole is, but we already said it's disqualified. We know as a dis-recomb down. See, he asked, Do not assume one of your callers is me. I promise I'm not calling number. Well, good. But no more. He's falling in official protest. You know something I just changed my mind. Based on the third facts, I think he deserves to be the winner. Don't you? Sure. So like I said, Greg is got 94 votes. He's in lead. He's just doing like a running commentary is what he's doing. Pretty soon he's going to want to sit in there and do your job. And I got news for a sitting here and look at a U.N. No picnic. But look at him for four hours. That ain't going to happen, Greg. Maybe I can sit on your lap. Oh, oh, oh! Let's see. And then I'm kidding. It's fascinating in here. The episode of Boston. Stop, stop. Stop already. We're looking for phone calls, not chronic faches. 560, 050, 050, 050, 050. 560, 050. No, seriously, the path to thing is really just an enigma. It's just a, well, maybe it's just typical of this town. Oh, we just love you. Show happy new year. You need something to see here. And then all these people ask me like, how come I haven't been there? Because I haven't been in town. I haven't been here. Obviously, there are people either A who don't listen to the show or B who haven't realized because it sounds so great when I'm into Ronald. Like, just like I'm here with soon that was here. Right? Right. Except your daughter's busy. No, except I'm not. I'm in a burden much, but we'll live a lot longer, by the way. Oh, look, well, if many years longer without all the stress of being down here surrounded by this unbelievable, Swill, that's just, it's like being in Venice, Italy. You know, we're all the water is the canals and everything and some to your hip boots. It's like being the swills up to your goddamn armpits in this place. It's a swill place. It's paradise. Well, I'm not complaining man because you want to know what tomorrow is, don't you? Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, even name the candy bar after it. It was so sweet. Here's Carl Spring, hello. Carl Spring, yes, sir. Yeah, Neil, how's it going? All right. All right. I'm coming in. I came in from Chicago. I heard you last year. I had to call you again. Just to say, move to Chicago. Forget all these Florida people that don't even believe in you. You're awesome. And you rock. Okay. All right. I'll let you know this, too. I was at a hot game. I'm 10th row from center ice. I'm going to go to the front of me. Three freaking pansy, dance and during the Fickie game. It's going on. I understand her dance and I'm like sit on you. Yeah, I want to say what I said. But anyways, they want to check me saying like I'm the wrong one. I mean, everybody's ignorant. First of all, they shouldn't even have alcohol, it's pouring events. All of the bunch of people get in drunk. They're not even there for the game. Sir, let me say this if they didn't sell beer and sporting events. They don't call that out. You could have your own section. Yeah, exactly. Mm-hmm. Yeah, it's pathetic. Because that's what it's all about. Okay. Good luck to you, pal. Go back to Chicago. There's what he grabbed right there with his pony tail. Looking just as Defa and Spiffy has ever, what he's probably got some of the facts about how I'm not talking about the sabers. I'm not waiting. You've lost weight? Yeah, I can't see you're standing behind a computer. Stand behind George there. The stand sideways. Yeah, no. I'm waiting. You've lost weight. But now wait. Look, turn around. Look at him. Look at the weight. His no stand forward. Face me. And so those were his, he's the one in his fat pants. Nobody's going to fat pants. And he's got his belt like three inches below the top of the pants, he's got the pants up to his armpits. Come on, buy some new pants. I know times are tough. But come buy some new pants even if I rich the dad. Jesus, God Almighty, you're looking almost as fashionable as Greg Reed with that crappy haircut. So what do you win here for? What do you want to show you now and around? I'm talking to George about some concert ticket giveaway that Treasure Island promotion. Scorpions and Docton and White Snake. Okay, I'm going to give you the number for air Canada. Here's Cooper City, hello. Oh, yes, sir. How are you doing? Happy New Year. It's then the same to you. All right. That's the number. I'm going to be on a plane so fast. You'll never know what hits you guys. I'll go on a plane. Give me a ticket. I was, this one, the comment one thing which I said before, you said football's dead in this town. Well, not if you were jet-fed, I think because it keeps going and going. Yeah. I want to talk to you about what's, I know what we're going to do. And now, then you talk about banks. And I had an incident in the bank the other day in the, in search or if I could say it. No. You know, you have to, if you make it the posit and you want the posit slips, but your name on it, do you know you have to pay for the posit slips? Really? Did you hear anything crazy? I mean, I told him behind the kind of shit. You mean, tell me, I got to put money into your bank and I have to pay for my deposit slips. The money in your bank and they, which is a sun-trust thesis. Yeah, that was sun-trust, yes sir. And I said, well, what about the regular ones behind the counter? And they said, oh, yeah, we have them. I said, could give me a, kind of a message. No, we can only give you one. You make it out now. And I said, well, I want to do my bank and hit the house. I want to make out all the deposits. Right. Right. Right. When I go, I'm there. No, they won't give me two. You have to buy them if you want them. You know what I did, don't you? Redraw old times. Excellent. I hope you didn't go to watch your old-year money bank. No, I don't go anywhere yet. I'm still waiting. That's a check of the way you go. Well, that's my advice to you. Do not go to watch your old-year money. Is that right? They suck. They're lucky, pal. Okay, thank you. I did a bit of good. I mean, just bring your money over here. We'll hold it for you. Yeah. What about it with you, old? We'll take good care of it. No, we only take deposits. Oh, okay. Can I be questioning, uh, go ahead. How about that thousand thing? Do you think I don't know one? Okay. I said, hello to Dolpho fan. If I could play for him on Sunday, then I'll have one big Monday. Okay, you got it. Thank you. Nice and long. It's case. It's not a new and but it sure seems that it's the delivery scene. No, it's just a little scum. I am he has the Dolpho's there. The worst football team. They fluffed the ball from goal to goal. Like the ones you've ever seen. They're on the ground. That's the best. They're never in control. And when you say my am, You're talking toilet holders. They're the Miami Dolphoans. Miami Dolphoans. Miami Dolphoans. Miami Dolphoans number. How many jeans and the week? 32. Miami Dolphoans. Miami Dolphoans. Miami Dolphoans. Don't bet on them. You'll always lose. I want to say this. I want to say this. My name is a L. They don't know how to tackle, they don't know how to block their coaches all to tell them to put them gay in their jucks, then they would run much faster and even in defeat. When we go to the stadium, we'll see my amythin' there, the Miami doll full. Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, the team that hasn't got a clue. Miami has the dolphins, but the dolphins have no fence, just 50,000 assholes sitting in the stands. They watch the game and all they do is mown in gripe and bitch. I wonder how do I be got to be so goddamn rich and there the Miami doll full. Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, muita super bolo you shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was circumcised and there the Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, Miami doll full, The dolphins have no defense and their offenses at joke. Like George Bush eating pretzels, you know they're gonna choke. They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race. With fewer points than Parkmarks on high singers, ugly face and there. The Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins, Number all what the hell 32, Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins now there's food. And there are people there called me a sloppy dresser, huh? Every time I see them, Woody Gruber Taukes, I mean Woody Graber. It's like they don't have the confidence that they're gonna keep the weight off so they keep wearing their fat clothes, waiting to fill them back in. Yeah. Have any notice my lovely new attire? My new pantaloonies? Yes. This is not a new shirt, but you have been there for a while. You have been there for a while. New shirts? But it's a different one anyway. Right. I guess that's because most of that I was a sloppy dresser, right? No, no. First of all, I remember seeing him anyway. We don't consort. And after hearing that business about how now he's turning up. See, it's just a matter of time. I don't turn on everybody before, you know, you give him enough time. I was just a lucky first one. Yeah. Log before he ever turned on me, turn on George. Because you're small but do this. And I out of them about the piece and the very things and the more really heads in the bag. And that's why he, uh, we're gonna tell this that thing. That's why he started, the day that the Greg brought him in here. And he came up with, he's a problem with George. Yeah. He's stupid. See? And I thought it was just like a little funny line, but it was not. Yes. Was no joke. What a burden. Yeah. And then he did not try to get you. Did he, did he actually ever deny that? I'm trying to think about it. Now, he, the response always is, where do you get your information? It's always that, you know, like that Mitch call. But he did the right thing. Need, but he did the right thing. Thanks for reminding me. I am low. I'm just going to score 25 seconds. You weigh in. And pound. Don't come around here, tell me. Sorry. Your excuses, they just fall in need. What did you do to me that night? Just more than me. Yes. That the play tone like when you were feeling guessing. Your ail winded when the past me. No, you didn't have the last me. Yes. You put it all the back heel back. Hell, but it's my nursing lab. You just like that. You look at those cheeks. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a great guy. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a super sweet man. I'm a super sweet man. Mom! Are you cool? In the name of the artist where good advice suggestions come fromups during this week but Instant Dose is a story from your debut. Doctor Lee from just a few years ago I found yourself in a door. It was Happened to be a grant and a message to me su about this month. night and that up in the club seat I was lucky enough to get the ticket set there and it is a very still part-owner no no he has nothing to do with the organization now okay no in the program so does name was to how he has nothing to do with it that point he was wondering he came into the uh... it's one of the club's a sweetware and and uh... was just like a normal guy works so it's a sweatshirt and awesome is a uh... nice and could be but what what what does that mean not just a downers guy and not you still even part of the other side heard talking about him being bought out or trying to get out but uh... he just was up there just uh... you know having fun with the real music with uh... actually users that brought tell you something with them and other nice guy to it for me and on the ring but uh... to get guy off the ring but the game was not thought you know the and you can see it was a terrific you have i had to get to the so sorry about your seat but uh... that's too bad is that what he said i want to be think of the that money went fan there if they weren't went so well if they were playing so well not i don't know i mean if they if they were sticking to join out probably not and that's just a little that's just human nature but at least they did show up i will say that for about ten thousand of many way that's yet of our calls today out of calls that's it five six seven oh five sixy so i guess obviously by doing this by their uh... absence they're making a very clear that starting on monday they want period of calls on on your back which is fine with me law i can't wait because i'm just i kishki's are churning from the sex of the side today and this this last guy mean what what is that pretty close ours and i sky yet well we already know that but what what does that mean what does that have to do with any way shape or form with what i was talking about anything no no no it's just a level on which the people function here is just uh... i can't relate to it i can't relate to it but then again we got so many jacks nippers here with that's what being a sports fan is all about oh yeah ran into so into ran into Jose sadyago at the uh... whatever is the hell's name is yeah and hundred and two votes for Greg from a poor say lucy or in first place we'd heart in the last passes what convinced me leave you on there you're beyond chronic you're in a separate category the mitochondrial guy seventy three then is the professional capitalic seventy rubber jones sixty you're fifty three eighty forty three parvry junior twenty three and if you in between two steaks got a couple of mr. jesus dot three so everybody's got at least one nice to see spread it around here's a call from bokeh hello you know i got a little okay i got the legacy new failure i was uh... i have reading that better i was website and uh... that i have these opinions and i was somewhere to the opinion that you were a flaming a well and uh... these uh... okay great well we're getting new phone number one nobody here cares about bill or rally okay but thank you so much you're right by the way there's something wrong with the phone relative i know that the phone is all screwed up and of course there's anybody here in this building here no they don't give a crap that's what makes it triply frustrating see what i'm doing the bedtime stories i don't have to worry about is the phone going to work today is anybody going to call is it gonna sound good am i gonna feel like uh... this is a worthwhile exercise the phone is pure on a dominated shmit okay beyond is a m i wrong no you've got eleven audio elements in there not counting the microphone and that's the weakest one right that is right that that's correct all the other stuff here works fine vcs works good yeah everything else in here works great just like clockwork but the phone is a piece of is met and it's a you know it's like underwater talk radio half of people sound like they're a guard wing and had the other half are here's i'm a lot of hello yeah i knew yes sir i have a question concerning your morning shows is that a pair of you can talk about whatever you like sir if i find it acceptable level discuss it if not you'll hear the strange sound it sounds very much like a dial tone go ahead what makes your management think uh... nah see you should stop the dead point that was what you put the question mark what makes our management think the answer that question is nothing that we are going to have that anybody out there is going to listen to the morning dies on to the office and see some starts again there are a material if it is and it's only been told me to send to the playoff right the gentleman who's things haven't dropped yet he's okay but the other gentleman i'm in a concert to football game and he's got a nice voice but they basically is just football and football and they don't discuss anything else yet and it gets to be very extremely repetitive now he's quoting things from the sixties well some of us weren't even around the sixties so what the hell is he talking about even born in the sixties right no but i'm serious what it what it make him think is going to be in a listen to him for the rest of the year while still in your box you're seven of a corner like that and he's willing to have like my keen and on for two minutes and maybe like talk uh... you know two human's hockey every day and pretend that he's really uh... he's spreading it around a little bit you're right i mean except for the most one dimensional people out there they never was sent me to the audience uh... most people except fans of those teams that are still in the playoffs which we don't have any down here uh... nobody cares i mean you've got a right i don't during when i was flipping CDs and i do listen to CDs uh... i took one out and they only think i heard was some some guy calling about what do you think of the often scheduled for next year this is this is the ninth of january okay what is he thought what do they think about the dolphin schedule for next year i mean that's just uh... unbelievable well let me ask just your programming basically need only ratings half the year they need you is ratings are recorded all the time and so far that's your in-producing much that's how you find it's the advertising curve that is correct so it's like since you put it produced two quarters out of the year that's okay no i just got to say of course not the only only the only time of the year that they're not that concerned is the summer time which is why they put your job five six seven five sixty and they're not happy with that pound five sixty on the AT&T they're not happy with anything because generally speaking they're a bunch of miserable bastards is what they are and if Greg comes in and again and says hey jarves you do that just tell him talk to me about it course you want to do that because you're a worst what whatever i just answered his questions i didn't don't answer any questions tell me don't answer questions this isn't an interrogation room this is a studio i'm busy sitting in here uh... doing something make it look like you're doing something i was doing something what were you doing filling up my uh... tell it they're that's important stuff because it has to do with getting paid that's probably why he came in here to try to distract you because he knew we were doing something ahead of the beginning uh... re- are compensated for your time here and that's not something that they're too crazy about doing these bastards wow to check you know that check that stuff put in a mail personal me uh... what was that from last year that still hasn't shown up yet remember that one maybe it was stolen out of your mail bobby damn that's right well that thing is really slow here's bokeh hello yes sir hello they i prefer the show without the callers yeah you're very entertaining and it's a pleasure to listen to you and your whatever i mean am i right or am i just being a hard ass don't most of the calls suck yeah and but but but for some strange reason every time i take a survey on that this audience wants to get in phone calls what's at all about although the guys are calling i i would prefer to listen and enjoy which you're talking about and if i have to get something up my mind i just email your fact sure and uh... the regarding the hockey thing you know when the silver fox all that crowd from the old place you saw he stand up and that's one of the things that annoyed me about yeah going to the game right you said you know the worst game i ever went to was when there was a playoff game or something for the heat and they had like harley something happened and they didn't have that many usher in the Miami arena and it was chaos and the upper level people were coming and going all the time and i said we're the hell with the usher and they're like oh there's like another game going on or something so we're understaff tonight but that's the definitely the usher to keep control well i think i can't you can't complain about the job that the usher is doing the macaroon because they're not doing any they just they're doing nothing they're doing nothing except being good little Nazis before the game checking 15 times the tickets of people that they already know belong there well if whoever you want to do the show you do it uh... we enjoy listening to it and we'll agree with what you want to know i mean it's so much easier for me to come in here and just take the calls it's a lot easier for me we put a lot of good these good stories that i come up with and put them on the website so people don't still find out what's going on in the world and that's supposedly is what the audience wants but it's like everything else in this time when they say they want something you give it to it's like if you go to the grocery store and your kids is oh give me a shredded wheat and you take it home oh i don't want shredded wheat with them nearby that for and that's what this town is constantly all about they don't know what they want and have a great day thank you sir and back to they do not know what they want now content look at look at how how little that i require do you know what i'm saying yeah i know just give me a microphone a few pieces of equipment that work you me a big fat paycheck that's it i don't need anybody in here kissing my ass suck it up to me shine in my shoes soothing my ego massaging your bag massage it is squeezing my bag snap at my veins it's like red bit 27 past no and by the way what's your name again that's doing the log now Michelle great job today but can't keep his tacker in his hand the beat of south florida this is the rhythm at beat you miss out on what you mean south florida especially when you leave it fast we have a tough day like no way as well even if you touch if you don't get yourself far too good if it be like all those times you try to throw a broken garbage can away they don't pick it up and the beat of south florida that's the beat of south florida with a son burned a home your brain and drink your balls self-blower and dirt that's with the beat 510 votes on a poll so far who's Steve two mr. G's got three blind mics holding out six even girl seagulls got seven skipping over all of those losers in between Greg from porting loosely is on top on 05 and deservedly so the mighty cone guy 76 Dennis 74 Reverend John 64 and Gilbert 56 any is the stuck at only a 45 even parvigion is got 23 is a very late edition and let me say it again and deservedly so oh he's busy listening Tony Bruno he ain't gonna be talking to you remember that day how can we ever forget what a loser what a sad sack 560 5050 60 at course he probably had the affiliate list here's lake worth hello yes sir you said Greg's on top but rumor has it he prefers it on the bottom really that's what I'm here in time in room starting hey um this is John and lake worth I send you some stuff from time to time yeah John are you doing okay I just I spoke to George and I'm gonna I just got a copy of the Bob and Tom it's a double album they're latest I'm gonna send that guy to you as well excellent yeah and I'm and I'm outspad for uh for George and you did hear real quick before I go back to Toronto like in a couple of days I can try I don't know how fast it's gonna be but um I had a you know I had a question you obviously in living part of the time in Toronto and part of the time and Amsterdam what is the perception of our president and everything that he's been doing in there and you know well as Prime Minister Kricchand's assistant said before she got fired he's a moron is what they think no I'm aware of that but no no I'm answering you that's what they think he's a moron and in Canada as well yes you know Prime Minister Kricchand is Canada less than much I know I'm sorry I I okay you're right um you know and I know that you already know this but the whole thing is obviously about oil and whatnot but you know it's really funny it's first of all and you've said it many times and I'm a farm believer also that Americans buy and larger just dumb people but um you know this whole thing with North Korea I mean they already have two or three nuclear weapons pointed at our country by the way they have the potential to make others we're not gearing up like we're gearing up towards Iraq so what is that they don't have any oil sir no no I understand that I'm just saying for the rest of the Americans Americans buy and large as you know you know they they love war they like going out and kicking ass they don't not be they don't realize the big picture they like seeing their kids coming home and body bags I'm not sure like I don't think so no I don't think they like going in and body bags but what it is is United States when they went into Persian Gulf and they go into places where there's really no threat where it's so such a one sided battle America is my enlarged world like Iraq where the army has been where they basically have uh where they're almost defenseless exactly where you go in there you kick some serious major ass you only have a handful of casualties in American say hey look at us where the greatest they're really how expensive it is and how much money we're going to have well I hate to tell you this but around the world what I'm discovering I don't want to say all around the world at least in the place where I am generally uh Americans are despised at this point this we're not very popular around the world and I understand that and I live for two years in Europe I told my wife I will not retire in this country you had a caller yesterday who echoed me exactly a guy who said he was almost ashamed to be an American I too feel that way and when I was in Europe I used to tell people that I was Canadian for fear of getting my ass that's funny because I do the same thing absolutely I have no problem doing that at least in my case it's partly true anyway exactly and and it you know it really is a shame but I mean I just I just am more and more becoming less of an American because of you better get with it John you better put that flag up outside your house is standing or saluted I love you Neil see you back get with it gonna turn him in 5 6 7 0 5 6 5 6 the on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Joe Rose from your gym manager one tank is in the Bahamas oh guess the one caller I did be other than that one I just mentioned what was the guy was he doing when I was changing my CDs before I put the first CD on oh that was right the guy asking about the Dolphin schedule the other call was Jamaican Paul yeah that was the call that I heard so we shouldn't feel really that bad I guess here's Hollywood hello yes sir okay okay oh don't let's not waste any time on he's run for sure he's gonna run for his life he's gonna wobble for his life I heard that but anyway we already did that before you open up his gun store in at least in about five minutes I mean Alice just the out of out of control okay well he's not what I want to talk about good uh this this sparrow uh cop the at the I cop yeah do you know where the quarter deck is on university I haven't got any idea okay it's below 5 95 so he had to drive and I'm not trying to excuse him or whatever but I can't believe that he was what is it when you leave water hill you're going west to get on 95 when you leave here at the quarter deck you go north on university east on 5 95 then north on 95 yeah so he had to drive all the way from the quarter deck all the way up to his land again you were the zaxon and the curds whereas the the two other people were going east are going west and get in on 95 how did he return around between here and land again you end up coming south I don't know I wasn't telling him so I have no idea right I mean well that's why I think it you know I'm not saying he did or I'm not saying he didn't but there's a lot of he did a lot of doubt he did there is no doubt okay well unfortunately my mind there is but based on based on what based on on how he had to get up there how did he get there then did did somebody get a skyhook it looked as a vehicle off the road and stick him on a wrong side going the wrong way how did that happen well I must he did it I don't know but now that's pretty obvious okay just keep changing like a squirrel keep changing your tail it was a lot of people making excuses exactly and no question about it like like what's his name in a paper this morning in the sun sent a mail Michael may hold a mail let me say it again Mike that's the dumbest most embarrassing column when are you gonna grow a pair of men when are the people like I said everything is the same here I'm not gonna get excited about it this is a horse-smit time man same bush leegers right in the same paddling the same crap afraid to open up a mouth and really say anything maybe two or three times a year somebody resist something worth real repeating worth reading on a year what's in your what's in your disfacts hi Neil the problem with Mo is Greg didn't follow the formula he's not a jack or a Jew huh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh my god oh my god maybe that's why he wears the two paint he may be maybe that's really a yarmac he's wearing a not a two-pan without a yarmac under it at least he's got his head covered not a respect of course he used to respect Joe and Mark but that's in the past five six seven oh five I still can't get over that I shouldn't surprise me but that's well he can't I mean that's more they always like almost joined at the hips at least on the year perception yeah although thirty boys this and the dirty boy that and ever that they did the show with strippers or something like that and he heard it the tail I said of it and got just psychotic about it because they weren't talking about sports and he's just doing the installation he's destined to fail because he's he's squeezed between two non-sport shows yeah we definitely help in your failmo with that big nine to ten hour that goose is your numbers up by a full point and then Greg calls very jackass and says oh my mo got this which mo didn't get at all because he's quote the six to ten number and it guys only until nine and the nine to ten hour like I said goose is his number up by a full point usually in every book but don't confuse very jackass or Greg anybody else with the facts squeeze between two non-sport's as a shows five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T just squeeze the bagmo here's Kendall hello that's hilarious you know I'm I have a call to you it about three years why not I just like a bother me that's supposed to be a talk show yeah but you know I you know I just you know I know that you contribute I will call you but you know that you contribute then don't bother me exactly right there you go you know the the a couple of colors ago was saying you know whether you guys looked at the ratings the whole year just for a month out of the year have you ever heard when mo has for competition but what does that mean have you tried listening to that other sports show on on on the other thing oh that that's not our only competition he's got Howard Stern is a heavy duty competition that Ron and Paul that that's that's for sure was not our competition that is fox sports is not and they they don't even get a one share you know break a one share that on his first for the tax never today you know I mean that but it's not sir it is not see when you when you're on the or your competition is every other signal it's on when you're on like we have we have part of Howard showed a content with Howard Stern on talking about we got Dr. Laura we got big fat ass limbada we got to deal with so we got all of these people were against and yeah that's that's it you wrong it is competition like I just got through telling you whatever else is on that's your competition you know theoretically speaking it's not the right so you're my me the guy the other day it was trying to give me a seminar on the ratings no I'm not giving you a seminar I mean I don't think those people can't compete with you is what I'm okay I mean yes I realize that your competition because they're all against so it's only let me say this since you are bothering me now what is the bottom line of it and you start you start out not bothering me and now you are bothering me if you promise you weren't going to do so I don't be through another three years since I call you but the bottom line of the minute let me mark the counter okay I don't know if I'm used that you know you know you're talking about who are the chronic that your most got you know date the rated jet fans that also may be morning you're making a call so to make a baseball guy right that's it that's it that's it that's it I can never listen to most show okay I'm in the car driving a work in the morning at that time I can never turn on his show without hearing those fine guys everything well let me ask you this before I start knocking him for not having a lot of good calls or any calls how what who calls this you oh I I came back from a nice extended vacation last Thursday knew you did after New Year's Day Thursday the first day back was great phones ring like crazy with that I left here feeling so great that day I in fact I'd almost forgotten about it I thought man that's the kind of show I'd love to do every day get that kind of response remember that George it was great Friday the very next day was like yeah not all that and this week has been like I've just like this whole audience has disappeared what's the George screens out your cronics now if you let all of those people that are on your list today call you consistently you know you be just like his show I like the sports shows on I do understand what you're saying never they're never any shortage of calls on the sports shows and I also would have been off the year 15 years ago if I were done that because you know when he takes a call you hear your state the latest and then you know but but but but you're missing my wide your squealing now you're missing my point you're missing my point there have been many times today when we've had nobody on the line so the point is that those are the people who will call him then what what do you expect him to do who else is he gonna talk to? One thing I'm gonna not not knock him about is that I am phone calls because this station blows when it comes to calls this is the worst damn talk station in the universe when it comes to phone calls not only the ones that don't come in but the ones that do come in and don't bother me for a while. See he was okay just don't give me seminars on a number is okay we got numbers coming out of our ass numbers coming out a week from tomorrow by the way and we'll be interesting to what it be interesting not really at you know something I just I don't care I just don't I know you don't believe that but I just I've reached that point I don't care anymore I get what what what instead of do I have? Money no that that mean to you that mean something that bonus you think that bonus makes a lot of difference to me no there's just no incentive this is a lefthargic place the management and here doesn't even dare come anywhere near me right yeah so so so what's the point what kind of relationship do I have with this most the rest of the station I noticed that my friend a mad dog last couple days at least has dignified that I'm on a year which is something new maybe now that I'm in town here see sees I'm alive but generally speaking we're a total island I mean the most under bitch in about he's he's uh do because he's sandwich we're like a little tiny piece of volonia in a middle of sandwich we specialize in volonia by the way on the show that's what we are but how can you be brilliant about being a Jason to the highest rate of Chauanna Station I don't understand that he's the one that isolated himself from us not the other way around he's the one who decided he was gonna be the island that it was gonna be him and a dirty boys against the world and now he's turned on them so I guess WQA in the new format is mole against the world got two sets of lips welcome back to the particular model of the mole how would it be to the show oh well we got you what if you see I'm trying to think I just want to tell you you've seen an over my laughing well I got a smoth on jinship so wrong with you no I'm white oh I sprit my back here but there are a lot of my way where are I supposed to go to the highest wiki little I think you need your balls examined I'm dropping a pencil I can examine no you either want to wipe in this business again yeah and all the way my command okay oh that's bigger than Oscar Maya truck yeah Jesus look at that dude look at my flashlight over here where's your ball did you you're packing up I'm telling your pants and no balls I got balls directly oh yeah let's see what happens when I swear my foot down on your fucker oh that hurt my head your voice yes you you some kind of the normal yes quite right it's a far far better way to sell the I don't believe yeah let me see if I can get a hole well see something fall off the bone baby back ribs see that your balls dropped it pretty good huh each of the rockies you like that yeah you like that yeah you like that oh see when happens what I put up back I'm putting them back see so I'm gonna say even you gotta put a voice to me hey hey what are you doing this to me like a cobra jump back oh come on it's still one at five sixty every to QM the little dog Joe Rose also by the way he's more like poison he'll be along a water clock fullen for the mad dog hundred and six votes for Greg from port ain't Lucy who with his 45 faxes today has the singlish himself as the most chronic of them all by far they might have come guy 81 Dennis 79 Reverend Joe in 64 and Gilbert 61 and there there's a like a second wind here's a call from Orlando hello no matter how bad it is there come to Orlando and I guarantee you it's 10 times worse no thanks I finally found you on the internet thank god you are on the internet you're the only life on the internet yeah so glad to find you so what happened to I O.D. what what does that mean how come on a song by saw Orlando on here on Orlando was gonna be a radio call by you to bring it up on WID for five years sir I've been on this station for over five years wow yeah is that okay that's okay okay see yeah five six in but in Tampa Orlando it's almost 99% of the time it's some kind of a radio call oh well you know up here in real radio and over here in Tampa and WFLA here's Miami hello hey I just wanted to see what you think of a guy like a Howard's there what you think of I wish I had his money that's my only comment about really yes you don't respect anything he's done I I didn't say that I would you put words in my mouth I'm asking you I'm not putting that was my first response is I wish I had his money he's enormously successful he's one of the few people in the world who's been like number one in like just chickens of major markets and to what can I say I don't listen to me show anymore because he's a shadow of what he used to be when he was being a funny years ago but uh huh it's getting better no maybe I'll give it a shot okay all right thank hey we have listened to the wrong Howard all I'm not even listening to him anymore we've done and I'm looking for some entertainment on the way to work at a morning maybe I'll listen to Howard's sperm but I don't think so but do you think George now here's plantation hello okay okay I was listening to uh it's mold earlier this morning who and he was actually uh he was actually saying that he feels sorry for you because of your calls so I don't know what he was like wait wait wait one yeah about if he doesn't listen to this show how he did it with he said he listened to a couple days ago or yesterday and he said you know like he said he said he said he said he said yeah and he said you know like he said what was that now wait wait it was a bad phone yeah that belonged to an asshole what was he saying he no he turned the radio up I forgot far enough and he turned the radio up so he could hear him so I can hear the sound of his own voice good I hope you're squeezing an answer here's poppin oh hello poppin oh yes sir hey I'm here I'm listening five six have taken the phone out of your ass they maybe can understand what that you're saying here's West Palm Beach hello okay here's another one we can't hear it all you can't hear me now can you hear you I gotta have the dolphins on how do I get that George says there's no way that's beautiful let me sit again no way here's Miami hello any are you doing okay I just kind of I was this is a call or earlier talking about how we're David and I just want to have my two sense and hopefully somebody at the station is listening because I'm sure there's other people that share my opinion how do you know that hello how do you know there's other people that share your opinion well because I talk to people who are sports fans like me and you know listeners of yours and and we and before you before you ever started you know whatever ripping in more whatever it is you know bothering and doing the sketch or whatever I never liked how our day was in the beginning everybody says oh he's a great football announcer I think that's such you know to opinion I mean how can somebody say well he's great I mean you think he's great I think he's sucks I think more our David's an asshole on his show yeah he's an asshole on his dolphins call and he's just an old one I'm so I'd love to see the guy because I've never seen a picture and you're always talking about his mouth you wiggin whatever don't you have a computer well yeah well yeah well on two and a couple of you and dot com and if you were to say our hosts just click on host and you'll see the picture him and guilty there together that thing crawling around on most what funny it probably looks like Schmidt in the picture and and yeah why don't you go look at the calendar find out five six seven oh five sixteen maybe he's wants to do something while he's looking at the picture I don't know it sounds pretty excited here's Holly would hello hi Neil yes sir commonality between the list that you have today and the assholes at the football and hockey games and everything else everybody's trying to be part of the action instead of going and watching and paying your money to go see a protein play and that is the event not the well it's gonna be well it's nothing with being part of the action it's just yeah they want to be part of the show that's why they're dressed up like idiots would fins on their heads and shoulder pads look I'm not talking about those people the people that come there who are fans and enthusiastic I'm more power to him I'm not complaining about those people I'm complaining about the people who have no concept of I'll have a consideration for other people let us see the game what the other person is if they come addressed up or whatever and choose about the team what's wrong with that if they get involved in the show they want to be part of the show instead of watching the game is if you were an athlete or a fan of good fan you go there to watch the game not to watch the circus that's going on around you or the drunk sir the one who's the circus that's going on around me sir let me say it again has nothing to do with the people are dressed up with pants or outfits or whatever else but evidently there you must have waxy build up and you can't even what I'm saying to you believe me that experience last night was tragic it was said it broke my heart a sport that I love so much that's so great and so enjoyable when played well which wasn't the first period and a half but after that got pretty exciting and I couldn't see it I couldn't enjoy it because of a bunch of inconsiderate assholes and we've got all these intellectuals out there I like this guy and they're analyzing well these people want to be a part of it's gotten them to do with that they're rude and their assholes that's all simple there's nothing complicated about it there are a bunch of rude assholes which is basically what this time is all about and take the sports element out of it just go out there in a highway anywhere you pick the road you pick the time a day or night and go out on the road and what you see out there if you look up in the next year you'll see a picture of that next to rude assholes you'll see a picture of a soft road a highway with a bunch of other idiots cutting each other off making left turns like 10 seconds after the lights turn red all of these things making right turns from the center lane cutting right in front of your ass doing average unacceptable things that you rarely see even places like Rome where they drive like lunatics but they you don't what you just don't want to get it okay it's just me I'm a bad guy I'm just not pleased when I'm here and I'll be gone soon here's a Fort Lauderdale hello heading court here's Bokha hello hello yes sir hey what's up me oh hey done pretty good yeah it's first time I talked to you I talked to George once before and that one guy called before about I don't know he's a fireman or something from Broward County he's pretty right I just I just I was wanting to call him say what's up in the cops suck later the fireman from Broward County you got me was that on Mosho 567 056 the on the AT&T and Verizon line Hollywood hello here's Halandale hello yes sir you know how are you I was wondering if since Moe you know if you then hello I'm listening I'm listening I'm miraculously you're still on yes is Moe what? you know trying to find out is Bob so okay 567 056 now the one of your spicks see that's another thing man these people have just decimated this time make no mistake about it I'm not saying that the Yahoo's haven't done their own good job but you folks have like come in and put the finishing touches on this time whatever we had before it's done it's finito in fact you know something maybe all the people that we used to talk for me they wise up and took my advice maybe they moved out maybe that's why we don't find them anymore they're all gone and more power to them here's Miami hello hey new how you doing okay I guess yeah I was rough day man I'm really yeah I had the car and about 10 years I had to pitch in the day but you hit it on the head about the sporting events that's what turned me off around this decrepanted place it's like driving out here going trying to go to a sporting event there's somebody rude bastards like that yeah and also you know most of the stuff about he'd like to get jiggy with you but I don't he he's up and down I tell ya he's all he's talking about Neil this Neil that and Neil scared of Man Diction I don't know I think he's trying to be your partner now sir ain't gonna happen it ain't gonna happen it ain't gonna happen it's so boring in the morning Neil we look forward to the nine o'clock hour every wonderful day and you two two late 567 056 the pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line now you know this is gonna be a very quick call here's Hiley a hello port Saint Lucy hello hello Neil yes you're out of man then I'll listen to you every day and you've got the best damn job in the world which I was you enjoy saying bye here's your field be hello yes sir hi I'm a member of the off the society but what the auto bond society you're a bird watcher yes yeah and I'm trying to put a petition together to have the moment hairpiece designated a pitch and refuge mm-hmm I was wondering if you could help me get that together here's Miami hello Miami when is this you can't spell mo without the train monkeys call from Daniel which we were really good hello yes sir yeah hi I was driving up by 95 and I thought that's Q and M finally put a billboard as I've seen it was default yeah unbelievable why is it unbelievable how many billboards have you seen for Q and M in last eight eight hundred years I'm sure back in the old days when it were like the only game in town well you didn't really need a many way but they still probably put them up back in a rich odd days back when the heyday when this station was like a real radio station and not whatever it is now anyway that's gonna bring it into another opportunity between the hockey game last night and this experience these four hours here today believe you me how's my friend Helen the air can't do it we got your roast for the mad dog coming next Hank from the Bahamas it's three bye bye