Oh, that's her it. You think we'll get any more calls like that today? Not third man. When surprised me at all. In what city will you find the most obnoxious people? Miami 49 and in fact, Miami has moved over 100 votes ahead of gay parry. Oh, you're like that. 409 people say Miami has the most obnoxious people. It must be listed as to this program. Paris, 206, New York, 235, Bokot, 2019. Are you, can you believe that? Yeah, I believe it. Bokot is right on New York's ass. New York City, 235 votes, Bokot, 219. And that's because the losers from New York all settled in Bokot. And all the people the old Jews that got kicked out of the beach got moved up to Bokot. All we can say about Bokot is better than me. And then it's way down to Philadelphia, 44. I guess they were familiar with this last guy I called his pliers guy. Hey, are you a Bobby Clark, I hope you have a long, happy relationship. Okay. Only he wants to the top. Filly 45, Washington, DC, 22, Tampa, 15, Greenwich, Connecticut, 10, Snot Stale, Arizona, 7, Atlanta, Georgia, and Oakland, California, and Detroit, each have six. Moscow, 3, and Vienna, Austria, 3. Out of all, but just under 13, I've ever voted. How many people have been to Austria in our vast audience? I've heard of that. That's probably an exaggeration. Although those Austrians van, they sure like that old goose step. Yeah. They always like eight off a lot. Right, they probably even use eight off's meat tenderizer on Nura. Huh? What do you think? That's what John Jarris said. Wouldn't surprise me on our Vini sausages. They probably tend to wrestle with eight offs. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh, okay, come down. To be continued later on at that thing. Okay, here's today's poll. Oh, look at those phones. Their phones are just, that just ringing. But ringing, remember I used to say this at IOD? They're ringing with a sense of urgency. You can look at the flash. And by the way, we're not, we're doing screenless. Carlos, I'm going to talk to you idiots. He can't handle it. He's an emotional cripple. I can handle it. The thought of being old clown life man, I got a lot of experience. We got some great speaking of old, great old IOD stuff from that Randy roadstap, which we're going to get to shortly. Back in the days when I was a fat as a cow, but I started a lot more lively back in those days than I. Yeah, then and vigor. Yeah, I have piss and vending finger. Vemica. I don't have the vendingor anymore. Which of these things do you care about the least we're asking at Aionio Rogers.com? Did you facts this to Eric by the way? Yes, I did. Good work. Which of these things he's Sabrina does tell tales because she said you never do a look work. Which of these things do you care about the least? Scott and Lacy Peterson. And they cut playoffs, arbitrar radio ratings tomorrow, by the way, Florida, Marlins, Mohour David, Georgia Sex fantasies, harness racing or politics. I think that's a really interesting mix. You know, it kind of like Nixon snap. There's eight interesting choices in there. We're not adding anything on to it. Okay, this is not when we need any more of your assistance on us. Got one of those kind of a polls. That's it. The polls closed. So once you put it on the Eric, that's it. So, in fact, he can go off and have himself a nice big brunch. Get himself all bulked up and ready for the pressure tomorrow's ratings coming out tomorrow. The big rating show boy, pressure is building heavy duty, man. It's smelt all the way up here. Puppet to QAM. Hey, uncle, meal. Yes, sir. Oh, hi uncle, meal first of all, I have to flyers. Secondly, in private. One of when you get to little Eisner bits, the Eisner things on the website. When Eric gets around to it, when he feels like it. What the fuck? What the fuck? I don't know. Well, hey, uncle mealy. I love your buddy. You show us awesome George sucks. Okay, thanks. He don't like you, George. Yeah, I know. God, it's too bad that I gave Carlos all those Eisner bits. I'm going to go take him back now. Why is that? Okay, that guy likes something. See, there he goes. Plans fast and loose with your emotions. You're just because you said, George sucks. That's right. I'm going to put it to say George Licks. He'd elected a lot better. I shouldn't be saying this. Sabrina said no, no, she took off. She's a big get around in there. I don't want to hear what a pervert you are. WKOM. WKOM. Good morning. Neil, how you doing, sir? When is this? I'm ego. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. No, it's the O.S. in your. Isn't it strange how the only you get this strange? That was found behind the walls there. Was U.S. currency? Were there any rules? Were there any Franks? Were in the Dutch mocks? They haven't got to those banks yet. Uh huh. But it just says, I don't know. They haven't got to those banks yet. Uh huh. But it just seems that we weren't supposed to be doing any trading with. I remember was I hear Rimmel was thinking of cutting short as trip to Toronto, so I could go over there. Here, there were a lot of free dinners floating around. Yes, there are. But it just, it just getting to be ridiculous. I was just listening to NPR before and it just the antagonism and just anything that this government is doing that this administration is doing. It just like all the countries that didn't go along with them that not signing trade of courts. That's right. Now we're now in our and now cool and pulses. We're going to stick into the French pretty soon. We're going to be at war with the whole world. It's going to be you us against them. That's what it is already. It's just going to be so ridiculous, Neil. And how far is the peace bridge? Have a good trip, pal. Just be prepared for a long way to customs. That's all I can tell you. Okay. They're going to take their temperature. Not just in your ear, but in your back home. You know, they have been a little thing where they stick in your rear. They do that's what moth is concerned about. He said he's going to go back to the doctor. He's getting them all kinds of tests. We got a lot of sick people at Q.A.M. So thank goodness even on the middle of the SARS belt up here. I think I'm a lot safer and much better health. I'm on here down there. That's report I had this morning. Everybody's gagging and coffin. Rumor I'm here and is that Dave Hagen spread SARS all over the QM. That's rumour. And that will we heard? Probably that's after nine at five sixty. W to QM many, many times. I'm sure in your lifetime you've passed up the opportunity. It was a really good chance. He just didn't reach out and grab it. Well right now is one of those times. So get your hand all warmed up and grab this one. Interest rates have gone down even lower. The financial group was offering interest rate of 3.45 percent. Then they lowered it to 2.95 percent. Now rates have gone down even lower. 2.45 percent financing weight 90 with financial group. Let me see it again. 2.45 percent amazing. So call financial group and check this out. Call 1-800-940-LIN. And of course these interest rates probably are can last for a long. So this is a window of opportunity waiting for you that you ought to hop through with financial group. Get yourself that incredibly low rate of just 2.45 percent and save thousands of dollars, a zillion bucks. How do I drive care for out of way home? Be safe. Homeau. Call financial group at 1-800-940-LIN. L-E-N-D. That was George speaking. I have just totally ignored him. What will 2.45 percent financing due to those monthly payments? You probably wonder. Well if you have a $200,000 loan, your payments are just $786 bucks a month. If you have a $100,000 loan, you're only $3.93 a month. So do it. Now do you have a big favor and save a lot of cash. Call financial group. Toll-free. 1-800-940-LIN. 1-800-940-LIN. The Inequal Housing Lender. Credit restrictions apply rates are subject to change without notice 5.34 APR. If there's a butt-eye smell, I mean, factors. I'm so old my friend. Another third day's come around my friend. I celebrate my sit-round token with my friends. I can't wait to roll another one again. I'm in seconds. What is that wacky can of this my friend? I can't stop. Someone makes so willy it's still so young again. I can't wait to roll another one again. I'm in seconds. I'm so old my friend. But I still like the weed that sets me sideways. I'm so wide, we'll bet again. It's planted right up back beside the driveway. She's scratched doing it. I'm late. Yes, I'm old my friend. I'm in seconds. What I can turn my brain to toast again. So grab a foam and torture fat one up my friends. And I can't wait to roll another one again. You're walking away to another birthday again. In the end, I've been in a dream. I've been through a lot of times. I'm in that dream. I'm in that dream. Okay, I'm serious. I love that. And when I love him. I'm infected. I'm infected. I'm infected. I'm infected. I'm infected. I'll take back what I said about poor Dave Hague and it never stole a free train. He's not a bad guy. But we're here and now. From inside the building. Inside the bushes. All the sick people around the queue and building. They are totally from that hairpiece, you know? If he'd worse that thing once if he was, maybe he wouldn't be spreading around all kinds of vermin and disease inside the building. Right, they're going to have to put up a, they're going to have to quarantine his old ass in Boko. Can you imagine, and for what we saw in that place, they probably deserve it. So, this is an interesting fact from a really weird guy, Teddy and Kendall, did you see this? Which one? The one you just said me? Oh, yeah. I mean, it's all over the place, but he's harmless, he means well. Neal and trained muckies and other guy trying to be a comedian, you know? I'm like most of our audience, they want to be funny. Neal and trained muckie looks like, more finely dropped than bombying. I thought I spelled something. I figured it out after seeing that you'll be forced to stay in Toronto for least three weeks. Thanks to the WHC, Teddy, I hate to break the news to you, but nobody is forced to stay anywhere. But I'll be more than delighted to be here for three weeks for three years, it's fine with me. Moe went to China if he would go and got raped and did it by a pig who got bitten by a weird mosquito and vowed to spread this new disease all the way to Toronto. I'm infectious. He was obviously successful with the suck ass riders syndrome, soft ass. Not bad, Teddy. According to the hero, you are now a great risk of transmitting locally, so stay away, man, and I will be more than happy to oblige you with that. By the way, who is Remus and his blue bird? This is sad, you know? I've seen practically every Disney movie can't come up with it or the characters faces either, says Teddy. Remus, we talked about this before us from the song of the South, what is wrong with you, man? Zip, bitty, dude, does it, bitty, a... How come Remus is acting so gay? Can't that remember that? Of course I do. One of my favorites. Well, these people, what the hell do they know? What the hell? Okay, they're all bullies up already. New pole is there. Which of these things do you care about the least? Harness racing eight. Scott Lacy Petersen six. See how many votes we got on the pole so far? F***, third man. Harness racing eight. Scott Lacy Petersen six. George's six fantasy six. Mohour David and the Florida Marlins tied with a four and have a lot of them come and nobody cares about either one of them. Arbitrond radio ratings one stand the couple of jobs one and politics none out of the first 30 votes. I think it's very interesting. What? That tape that we're going to play a little bit the audio from it. That Randy Rhodes tape. If you listen because you were paying that much attention to the content just more like what everybody looked like. But I was promoting the Marlins back in those days. So with the early days of the Marlins franchise when we really were trying to be supportive and went to a lot of games and were going home and y'all got it. And then of course first it was Wayne and then it was John Henry and now this bunch of lunatics. Well pretty much turned everybody off on it and nobody cares anymore. I see they have an an announced crowd is just over 9000 for their stunning. Uh, ex-reading victory last night against the Umshis Milwaukee Brewers just a little bit over 9000. What was the weather like last night? Just fine. Just fine. It was just fine. You know. Oh, we're fine. See? And yet the barely barely over 9 probably like about seven or eight really tops in the stadium. Stealing that you can't even find a name of a business that's still in business. WCWAM. George Suck your asshole. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marcos on that's what's his name but oh. Eddie. No that's uh that's the whispering guy the contrary guy. But that's Eddie. Alright. This is Newstick. WDQAM. Yeah. I think the on-glass what we're doing in the rack are we glad to know brother. No brother. MSB wanted Joey Zolt people. That's not like the the the the the Billy again didn't it? Solid boom. Billy. Keep them coming baby get those phones smoking. We want to talk to 50,000 wackos here today. That's what it's all about. Bruce brings me on free speech. The boss has a message for audio Dixie Chixie hitters out there shame on you. In my way to Dixie Chixie even though they're single the sales dropped off the face of the globe. Their album is still number one on the country charts. Right. They're still selling out. They're still selling out their concerts. But anyway he says shame on you. That's what the boss says. Are you Dixie Chixie hitters out there? Bruce brings me in probably America's most prominent symbol of rock and roll patriotism uh who exploited the course 911 for all he could recently posted the following statement by Bruce Springsteen.net. If you don't believe me you can look it up for yourself if somebody else spelled it for you. The Dixie Chixie taken a big hit lately for exercising their basic right to express themselves to me their terrific American artists expressing American values by using their American right to free speech. For then to be banished wholesale from radio stations and even entire radio networks for speaking out is un-American. It is un-American and all-wear-frying and- Un-delightball. There you go get the right one. The pressure coming from the government and big business to enforce conformity of thought concerning the war and politics goes against everything that this country is about namely freedom. That's what the boss says. Right now we're supposedly finding to create free speech in Iraq at the same time that some are trying to intimidate and punish people for using that same freedom here at home. I don't know what happens next by do I want to add my voice to those who think the Dixie Chixie are getting a raw deal and an un-American one deboot and I send them my support. Let's hear it for the boss. Oh! Oh! Can't sing for crap. And that's something? Yeah, that's hear it for the boss, okay? Who at least has got the balls to stand up and tell them like it is even though. You can't sing for shit. Well we know that. He's shouting poops a lot. He's a screamer. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. What if they play the Dixie Chixie on kiss or won't they tell us? That would be QAM. Good morning, Neil. Yes sir. Keep letting go of the tape please. Could this- Oh, I was going to say could this be a real color and it's not. Well I'm just checking. WCWAM. Neil. Yes sir. You're real color or just another nut. I'm a real color. I'm on my way to Vegas today. Yeah. For the first time. Get out of town. I'm getting that out of town. That's what I meant. A question for you. My wife wants me to send all this freaking money on these shows. Does daddy, GANS, this pet and tell it crap? Is it worth doing that stuff? Does that wait so money? Only if she goes alone. Ship her ass off to it and when we have a great time. That's exactly what I'm going to do. Take over a couple of cocktail wait for season just dump the bitch. Exactly. It's a waste of money then you're saying. I didn't say that. If you like that if you like shows that the best shows in the world are in Vegas. Yeah. Do you like them? No I hate them. I don't want to see a much as swishy magicians. But all those are gambling. What do you do out there? What's your favorite thing to do out there? Gamble. My gamble and eat. Eat and gamble. Gamble and eat. I'm going to eat my ass off. And gamble your ass off. Gamble. Gamble. I think they have a great time man. Go on to Vegas for the first time. Now let's see. What do you like? How do you attack to the phasandagus? Oh, it's like a trick. I'm going to Vegas. How can I have a good time? Come on, pals. Just not find a plan to get going man. Just not find a plan to get going. Just walk out. If you need directions out of the time in Vegas then it's time for the. Question. Like with a fully loaded weapon. Okay. With a fully loaded piece. Did they have any good convenience stores out there? Oh, they got some dynamite. Seven, elevens with a big knee on signs and everything. The likes of which you've never seen. Even the McDonald's out there. The big golden arch. The M is like all glittery and lit up. Really exciting. Go need to fool there though. Can you imagine people who go to Vegas and eat it fast food restaurant? That. There ought to be capital punishment for that. Even if you're not in favor of the death penalty, I think we'll make a exception on that. For those bleeding hearts out there. And we'll bring back old sparky for that. Somebody that would eat. That would be like going to a Boston. And eating it can tuck you fried or something like that. Place it's got so many great restaurants. Like room service at the MGM. You don't never even need to leave that. That's right. The MGM, the room service, their food is sensationally. That leave your room because maybe who knows what diseases are all over the ground. You know, let's start spreading rumors about other places. Oh, not. Not a good idea. But it is a thaw. I mean, this WH. Oh, crap. But they're are foaming at the mouth up here. They're like apple plethora. This is left to left to come. I don't think so. I mean, I mean, again, it's really the word. The economy's going to go. Yeah, in the crapper. You can't complain about the tourist here in Toronto because there aren't any. Well, our members are coming. That's it. I'd love to do your economy. Not. 927 at 560 WCM. Here's something that's good for you. And it'll really help you feel better. All you made. These are great little soft gel cancel that it is pop in your post. But they're loaded with great stuff. They contain the finest olive oil that you'll find anywhere. Super concentrated. Loaded with health benefits too. All you made a video can produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol. And there were 14 different oleumid formulas to choose from. Each one combining finest olive oil. Like I said, that you can find out on the planet with vitamins, minerals and Robles to support specific health needs from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system. Sounds to me that a lot of folks there were QM could start pop in some oleumid pretty soon. It can't hurt. Got a lot of sick puppies in that place. Now, there are three new oleumid formulas. There's one to help you sleep. One to help you control your weight. And co-q 10 for your heart. You'll find oleumid at publics, records, Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Anos and Navarro's. Or if you like, you can order it online. It's the piece of cake. Just go to their website oleumidamerica.com or if you want more information about their products and how they work and what they do for you. And our coalition partners and not harbor any terrorist groups. Here we are. Here's what push doesn't smile. You're welcoming your right hand side. And look when I've been to Baghdad in one day. You'll see things in a similar way. If you don't stop covering terrorism, if you don't stop, I truthfully have me here. Interusplee here to avoid a war. Where it's a gun, where it's a gun. Try to think about the times that come. And it can smell all the things that you've done. And if you don't stop covering terrorism, if you don't stop, I truthfully have that tape cut up. Yes, such as it is. I mean, it doesn't have to be like a VCR. Well, you know, slow it there is. Oh, go ahead. Last in the past. That was great. You talk radio 610 WIOD. How do I react to it? And you can do show to talk with the old aisle 751. All I don't think that it is in the world. Maybe this is when it was, uh, I think we have a good part of it. It's true. I could have part in the aisle was great. We could probably get what you're thinking of. And those are the videos that we're just making. We're talking about our great faith. We're a lot of people. I owe the law of the law. So happen at the level of your Roger show on you. And I'm just going to talk radio 610 WIOD. And another thing that I'm discovering by listening to their show is how we press. I've allowed myself to become working for this company and working for a Janet and I work for the even Buddy bud, holdier than bread barberry man, holdier than God. Even he's given him like enough rope to do their thing over there. Now we're sitting here and like, oh, it's easy. I better believe that the arch back invented name and because we're scared cramplists. And cost my question is, should I leave the window up or put the window down? It depends on how much you enjoy in it. Say time it? Yeah. All right. Put the timer on. See how long you can get it can last. And the hard to. I call somebody do that. Go ahead. Mike, you're a no talent golf player. Money winning. Do you bad? Okay. Beautiful. That's the kind of code we call more over there. Yeah. We don't really watch the station. I'm supposed to like here. It's a lady in Port Sharks. North New York Radio. And the audience is going to hold you to Mike every single target. Right. Oh, Mark, get your chronic Margaret. You're out of control. Yeah. You're a chronic in your old. You're a eyes Bill. That's all right. That's all right. For you. It's on all right. For me, you're killing me. You're chronic man. You just kill him. I got one question. Yeah. Kill him. You're going to call like, give me five minutes. You call. I mean, you might sleep in my nightmares. You know, you know what? I can't think of you anymore. Can't stand it. Yeah. Speaking of all these things, how's these things going on? It's a 1223. Funny. Oh, man. Look at that. With that light shining on his head. Talk about a big star. Talk about he could like light. If we don't need the sun, forget it. He could light up the entire universe. With that fall palat there. Man, what a guy. Cousin Bruce. He's got nothing on Steve Ziggler. Oh, I know some people who do. I think Lisa, who's one hell of a hot looking babe. I think she did. What's wrong with that? That's a compliment. Everybody said you're the most beautiful woman in the building. For lunch, you was in leveling. Although somewhat flat chested. But beautiful. It's just a radio show, Lisa. God. Here's my thing. I'm the starline. Hello. Now I'm even with you for all those spots. No. God. Okay. So this is... Or is there's more? And Mike, that opinion will never change. They blow. They suck. You can hear it when you turn on a radio. Here, the suction. You think we're having another hurricane coming. That's how bad John and Mike are. They're so good. Okay. I mean, there's a little flashback from the old IOD days when we're having a really good time with some really good quality. We're having fun, you know. As opposed to QM, which most of the five years plus now has been like a real like, you get in a root canal. It's just a different place and a different time. And of course, the fun people all moved out of town anyway. That's why we get every now and then. And over listening to you on the internet in like, you know, Nina Monashov was constant in, in the Epsilonity, in any place but South Florida. Of course, the people left in South Florida, they're bitter and pissed off about it. Who can blame them? This is a cute fact from listening to George. Yes, we did do the Murray greasy. I forgot Murray. Yesterday, why is everybody bugging me with that? Hey, Neil, did you hear? Dr. Racken's died? Yeah. Morris greasy. I forgot Murray to when I teen year old Holy O.S. We did get that. But listen to George has got a very interesting thing here. It says, uh, is the world still spinning around. How many people are croaking from which disease this week? And what do we get? Well, a Marlins, one of throwing a extra in a game last night. Oh, my God. It's Greg Weed again. No, it's a, oh, oh, oh, fun for the people, mind it. See, that's what happens when you play too much comedy. 9.41 is 5.60 WKM. If you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue or any barbecue accessories, you've got to go to barbecue's galore. Get a head start on the barbecue and season with the perfect real and accessories. All of the guaranteed lowest prices in the world. Barbecue's galore carries barbecue's in every price range from the top of line commercial grade stainless steel grill with a more portable Weber charcoal grill, which I got when I have been telling you, and I love it to death. Their popular three burner cook on has a gen of a 625 square inch cooking area, and 42,000 VTUs offer a great low price. Get it on a hardwood steel or enclosed grill cart for just 399 bucks, or upgrade to the slate black pedestal base for just 439 bucks. For all your barbecue needs at the guaranteed lowest prices, don't forget. Shop barbecues galore and plantation on university, and you'll have it to find in shops called 9504-4234-400. 4234-400, and they're also in cruel springs at 7485 West Sanford Road. You'll find it at the corner of Sample and Rock Island, called 9504-757-6688. For the largest slushed in barbecues in the country at unbeatable prices, and you'll love doing business with these folks because they're great people too. It's barbecues galore. My high-wish and low-cultures. This is sports radio high-60. The radio is a new area. No one of your hearts floatering. Anybody have a heart or a liver? I'm in Texas. It can happen at any moment at any time. Right in the middle of making love. Oh, shah, shah, shah, shah. Shah, shah, shah. Sherry. My name is Larry. Oh, sorry. Where? Where? Where? Where? Oh, my sexual stuttering. If you suffer from homosexual stuttering, where? Why are you hungry? Oh, shah. Call today. The AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. So every morning now, when I'm going to be before the show, when we're doing our little show, uh, prep. Now I get a health report. This one is dying from that. And Carlos has got the big hikki on his neck from the dove. And the dove is at the doctor getting his heart to see if his heart is still in there. And he's back into funny farm again. And the Dave Hikkin is gasping for oxygen. And I'm the one that's supposed to be in a place that's dangerous. That's what I find most of the news. Is that I'm supposed to be, uh, you know, locked in the apartment and don't go outside. But in the meantime, everybody at QM is sick. It's a sick place on the sick. In case they haven't discovered that yet. WQAM. Yeah, I was speaking. Or just buy it in our time. Okay, like the senator from Delaware would say, We're just buy in our time. Is that what Joe would say? He'd probably played Joe Mama. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. What about the infantry in the coast? Oh, my God. I can't even just, I just, I'm just a way he doesn't. You know, just the way he does the thing is even more nauseous. I'm just going to be a little more nauseous. I'm just going to be a little more nauseous. I'm just going to be a little more nauseous. I'm just going to be a little more nauseous. It doesn't. You know, just the way he does the thing is even more nauseating than just him. Whatever that is. Five six. Can you? The car is your hope, so. Five six, seven, oh, five, six. Five, six. Do you have to be a keywest thing or something like that? I don't know anything about keywest. I've never been there. I don't want to go there. You want to talk to keywest. We'll give you the office number. The direct line to muff. He can say all about keywest. He spends a lot of time there. And we'll talk about his tested the hospital. And about how they checked his liver and his lungs and his heart and his, uh, I think that's next on the list. I was spending them. How they do that colonoscopy. Yeah. I said, oh, I won't be anything new to you. Oh, it's speaking to health obesity blame for one and six cancer deaths. Just the way that you've faced me. Yeah. I guess we're not supposed to talk about fat boy and the hospital again, because that would be insensitive and I really don't know whether he's watching. Huh? Why would he? I don't know, but have I, have I been saying that I just, uh, this is a man who's got a death wish? But this story that you've faced, it says obesity causes one of every six cancer deaths in the US. Making up the second highest cancer risk factor after smoking. According to the first major study, looking away and cancer mortality. And if you're fat and you smoke, well, forget about it. Okay. All you can say is liver prostate and ovarian cancers were linked to obesity for the first time. And previous associations with breast kidney colon and uterine cancers were reconfirmed. One fifth of American adults are obese and nearly two thirds. Two thirds are above ideal weight. Fat. I don't like this above ideal fat. Holy, Toledo. I just, I just mentioned that in passing. Okay, fat boy. We hope that you get out of there, but they don't bother me anymore. I just, I just can't, in fact, guys with the death wish. You've, uh, encountered with it a few times. And I've got, uh, all these people that I know. Between the fat rich and the fat boy and the beast and Josh Friedman and Julio. And we're just surrounded by a sea of fat. Town for pound man QAM is the heavy duty radio station. Make them a state nobody can touch us with a, with a pound of halivat. With a rib roast. 9.57.56 QAM. If your problem is not, your puppet put your head. Maybe you got a big ugly bald spot like these regular hands. Here's the answer for I get you some real hair from the hair expert. Charles Alfieri. And like I said the other day, now it seems more than ever. We're here in spots all over the place. Everybody in their brother is a hair expert. Everybody in their, uh, sister-in-law has got a bunch of hair for you. Well, trust me what I tell you. You can waste your time with those guys, but the best thing to do is go to Chuck Alfieri. Because for no amount of cash in the world, can you get a better, more natural look in system than his natural hair line system. It looks like real hair. Like it's growing out of your scalp. That likes some stupid idiotic animal that you glued on top of your forehead. No, it's, I mean, some people are just ridiculous. Shouldn't even leave the house looking like that. So if you want to look better and younger than you ever dreamed again, call Chuck Alfieri. They give you a free consultation, no obligation, and they'll sit your ass down and show you how much better and younger they can make you look. And you have nothing lose but the boss bot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee too. Petch any arages when you call you get to an above-sauce of the regular price. Call toll-free, 1-800-3-2-1-24-13, and get your hair back once and for all. 1-800-3-1-24-13, or log onto their website at Charles Alfieri. And log on. This is Fort Wittil by Sikki. 2-A-M. Blind area junior high school southeast of Harrisburg said Mike Feetrui, York County Department of Emergency Services, Schbofsmann. Let's talk about some of those drivers from Libertyville Park, you know? Like Robert Campbell, the professor. Principal Eugene Cigro was taken to York Hospital according to Terry Robinson, and Business Manager for the Red Line of Race School District in York County. Hospital officials offered no word on his condition. Douglas Kilgore, school board vice president, said a school official told him that Cigro was in critical condition, were in shock total disbelief Cigro said, dishooting a crate about 730 this morning. The red line police departments at all four of its police offices were on the scene as school as well as nearby elementary and high schools were put on lockdown and are in the process of being dismissed Robinson said. Junior high school, red line Pennsylvania. Shoot's the principal and then kill themselves. All the more reason have a lot more guns babies. Get them down for guns, pick up driving country, and let's go to the subway. I'm going to mess with my guns, you've got it. Right? Right. FNA. Uh, On I heard that the garbage jude man is a great facts, but I'll get to that. First Robert says, I stepped in a bar in the nobody. I stayed picked up a half a Michael Moore's downsized this. That's what they said when I was born I think. And they did. It has a whole chapter devoted to crazy Cubans in Miami. And while that's a lot of covers a lot of territory. Anyway, he was discussing that in that case Orlando boss, or a little research found this great article. Which shows the hypocrisy of GW once again in his so-called war and terrorism. The only problem that Robert's we already had that exact story, which I read on here. Remember that? Right? Quite a while ago. But nevertheless, thanks anyway. Robert says by the way, just like George M. Cuban, but I'm not a nut. Thanks, Robert. Whatever happened to Robert, do I remember him? Which word? Chronic Roberto who was making the tapes and was a system? Oh yeah. You know, these people that come and go the not slanting lady in Alroberto, and what was your name at the hockey games? What was your name? The Blade Runner Girl? The Blade Runner. What was your name? Esther? Esther? Esther? You would say this a mess. I did not insult her. I said, you're just shoving her fat nose against the glass there at the hockey games. What would it get a sniff? I read when he's John Strapp. And I could try to push her out of the way. Here's the facts from a garbage guy who says I'm a long time listener. First time I had to change the facts. I started listening to you from Steve Kane, if you can believe that Schmidt. I met you with E-Mac and Voliol anyway. So he probably won't be there. Why? He's got hard problems and he's got mental problems and he's got the corporate disease problems and all these things. Under a lot of stress. And then of course, we don't know exactly what he does have, but he should give it to you. Beener boy. Man, don't let him come near your neck again. I mean, you're not going to be a good boy. I mean, you're not going to be a good boy. I mean, you're not going to be a good boy. I mean, you're not going to be a good boy. I mean, you're not going to be a good boy. Man, don't let him come near your neck again. I mean, go near your neck. I mean, well, well, it's worse. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, odd, 8, T, and T line. Which is things you care about the least. They don't care about Harold Fisher even Sandra Fisher. Karnus Racing 73, remember Sandy Fisher? No. She'd be to crap out of you. George is sex fantasies 44. So a June wellman. What a matter of name. Who? How about Harold Wellwood? Mohour David 33. Florida Marlins 26. Scott Lacey Peterson 25. Stanley Cup playoff 50. Arbitron radio ratings five and politics two. So you see go for them bottom up in terms of which ones they care about the most. Mm-hmm. See what I'm saying? Right. Politics. Arbitron radio ratings Stanley Cup playoffs. And then it's a long stretch to Scott and Lacey and the fetus. Which we shouldn't set fetus. That's what a lot of people of QM are always saying. fetus fetus. I guess you have an A food brought in since pointy. I'll brought in the moths of pizza and E.M. Right. Liza and I was very, very good. Yes it was. And he must have cliced though. It's not too bad. WCOM. Hey Leo. Yes sir. I have an idea for a call for you. In reference to a call yesterday you said that you thought you worked better alone. Yeah. You had a deal of coal and see if the audience likes it better with you. Just your voice or if the light of your that girl in the background. The cackle hole the time. Yeah. Jarlene. You're good. I think it's good. Okay. Well it's not we like to have pulls out several choices on them. Not just this. It's kind of. But you can certainly call it in voice your. Hepe to George. I mean you're opinion on that. He doesn't care and I don't care. We're getting paid the same no matter what you say. It's four hours of the day time. You know it's just is one of those things. You know. Come in you do the best you can. You try to entertain the troops. And that's all you can do. Oh here's the WHO briefing. Can't see. Looking at. You know, you're going to be an expulsive from that country. And also. How come we didn't have Geneva on New York on a poll yesterday. I give up. WQAM. What are you doing to me? What are you doing to me? I don't do whatever to had you want. Don't see the problem with George. We saw one of many. But the biggest problem is he's so goddamn sensitive. He's a nice. But you know you are the most thin skin person I've ever met in my life. Even off the year callers. Oh, you know what they're calling me now? I mean. What? Yes. Yes. Some of your little, some of your people. Those little who we always when he started getting you a couple of years ago. Oh, now I'm a turn coat. Yeah. Like, as opposed to just click it on. Hang in it off the years and right along. What? That was a years ago. I wasn't that way. It was a QA. It was in that studio. It was on the third floor man was on the third. You turn. Yeah. Sensitive thin skin. I mean, emotional. Yes. You are. Dammit. Ha. Ha. You're. You can deny it on you. No. We're seeing the nice. A lot of things. WQAM. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm surprised at this time of year you haven't had it. The NFL draft your pole. Oh, yeah. We can still put it on there. Excellent. And how about LeBron James too? Although it's not as bad as it was a few weeks ago. Not quite so timely. But hey, I did go to Vegas a couple of weeks back in. Oh, right. Many years have you talking up the rosewood grill. Will you ever correct? Yeah. I had the best steak I ever had. They would be able to speak in a lot. They would be able to speak in a lot of ways. But you know what they were told on. I got there on a Friday. They were told the previous Monday. We sold a kill to me as I drove from there at the little, uh, spend a little time in the Grand Canyon. Then again, an Arizona listening to the outstanding news that got on the radio out there. And actually, a real good rock on the rock and roll on the FM stations. And it comes back to this town. And as you said, many, many years, there was not a place. Hopefully. In the country with worst choice of radio. Yeah. This market right here was horrible. I mean, I had two great days of listening to outstanding news that could then you get back there and it's like forget about it. Nothing on the radio. But at least you know where you are, anyway. And finally, while I was out there, I think I turned on with the time difference. I was around here at a clock watching the today show or something. I don't know if anybody talked to you about the jet Thompson's on. I'm like a national show. You're rating the video games. Now the video games are being told about the computer game. Oh, what are they ever going to give him a rock? I've been here all the week today show. They have an obsession. We've been hearing about this guy since I've listened to you since 88. And I've been hearing about him since pretty much then. And now he's got a national form to spew his craft. Well, that's the media for you. They just keep retreading the same old tired voices man over and over again. Amen. How are we feeling? Hey, healthy. See you in Vegas. Bye bye. 1013 at 5.60. How do you like that? I wonder if he was talking to Matt. Hey, Matt. Well, Matt. 1013. I already said they denied 5.60. You can never give them the time too many times. I'm going to say that they're going to give them more information today. And so as it stands, the cases that were exported. Oh, this bitch from the W8. Get out of here, honey. You're really screwing us over here in T.O. Man. We're really pissed off and porked up about it. Was it that way around? Pist up and porked down. God, what a bunch of idiots. Hey, all you homeowners out there. If you're going to go out and take a nice dip in your pool in the backyard. Doing these hot summer months and boys a long time of heat coming. The answer is talk to our friends at Atlantic Marseille because if you're pool at the moment is dirty and stained and cracked and looks like crap. Don't look at a mess no more. Just talk to the people at Atlantic Marseille and you won't have no more. Oh, really cool. And let me emphasize again. These are some of your pedestrian pool guys who drive a little beat up. Rusted out pickup truck with a we see that big thing in the back with a gigantic fish net. You got a lot how many of those people do you see every single day on the road? God, I'm sorry man. These guys aren't just little pool guys who pretend to be construction people. This is a real construction company who uses full time employees. Not just subcontractors not illegal aliens. Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation at the pool business ever. Diamond Bright Atlantic Marseille has been doing it right for 12 years. They've been pouring it on. Their license are insured professionals. And in fact they even train the other companies all around the world how to do Diamond Brighting right. And they'll give you the same price to give the contractors. They service North Miami, Browd and Palm Beach County. So do yourself a big favor and don't deal with those guys in the pickup truck. No mole call Atlantic Marseille to the biggest installers. Diamond Brighton South Florida. So you know you're going to get a sensational job. They'll come to you and give you a free estimate. They also do pool and decorations custom lighting pool heating exotic and erotic water features to. For the best job at an unbeatable price call Atlantic Marseille toll free. 1-800-558-883. That's 1-800-558-883. Diamond Bright do it right because Diamond Bright is a pool's best friend. Diamond, local. This is five six years. Three years on your own. You ain't. Pace me out. All the hundreds that I see. Like a false friend. I believe they're my friends. And they're really care about me. I know it's true. The finishing two. All the star and all they might. I know that they're in the white house. It has a group name. So the Lord. I lost my job. My money's gone. That's what I'm playing with him for. It came from my family. I'll save it to the green. But I have nothing to have. So I should be alright. Until they come for me. I know it's true. The finishing two. All the star and all they might. I've got the groom. And the face is true. It's true. Don't forget our hot couples contest. Go to thearages.com and check it out. You'll see the flaming things on there. I noticed that Carlos. Did you put that on there? Which one? No. Those flames? Oh, okay. What is your story to the other. I'm the weather. Sorry. I was putting up another story. After a month. I'm going to go to the wall a couple of days. I'm going to pick you on a neck. I'm going to go to the next thing. We've got these flames. Shooting up there. Hot couples contest. Go on. You might want to trip for two to the Bahamas. Including air for three days and two nights. Isn't that it? There you go. We're going to do that for three months. And we're starting me one. Have we got any pictures yet? Yeah. We do. Would you like me to forward them? Are there any, uh, buddy interesting? Yeah. It was how George always has to see him first. He has to like prove that I didn't see him first. They were forwarded to me. What are you talking about? I under T. See what I mean. Carlos senses. From now on. The buzzer when a sense of activity is going to be like a little ball goes off. George just sets it off. It's going to be automatic. We're very, very sensitive and thin skin. Well, you won't like what you already read this because you've facts him to me. John and Kansas City says, George tosses salad. Yeah. That's what it says. George tosses salad. Baseball's a wonderful game. But South Florida is not a wonderful place. It's not to say immediately team. I saw the Blue Jays played in Tampa last night. I believe they lost again. But they had like a very small crowd over there in Tampa. But third man. It was incredible. You could have had your own section. Anyway, John says I like hockey. But we don't understand all the nuances of the game yet. For instance, I don't see what makes people talk about how good Nicholas Livström is, misspelled. Well, just because he happens to be probably the best defenseman in the game or certainly one of the best two or three. That's probably why I don't understand the plus minus stand. I wonder why the panther sucks so much. It's called bad personnel. Lack of talent. Just like the Leafs. Lack of talent. Also, King sucks. Socks suck. I love Mosho when he and Kelly get into deep pull of soccer or the discussions concerning the ethics of recycling a dead animals for the randlings of an idiot John and Kansas City. Good job John. Nice. I like it. Too much serious heavy duty stuff. And here's a great fact. And because of the and the credit sign dick, some dick. Holy name. But because this person took so much effort to write this lengthy thing on, I think I might as well read it on you. Sure. It has its moments. Even though it just tons of mistakes. Since our glorious victory against the forces of darkness and Baghdad to which to go in with North Korea and a panic over its less than rose economic future, who exactly is North Korea to go to work against how many days this is the thing the world will last. How about South Korea? How about soul, what are seven million people? But anyway, the coalition can now cast a Johnist I at our neighbor to the North. A. As each sneeze induced a booger missile of mass destruction increases the fear of plague in Toronto in the world. Why the economic community. Each. Each sneeze induced booger missile. That's a great lie. The coalition was not aside how much importance to give the stimulating Canada's flat economy, which is also wrong. For all practical purposes, Canada rains a wholly unsubcity area of the US. The US gets most of its oil from Canada, also very, very well. We're now the that come from. It isn't. However, when Iraq's northern oil fields are back up to full production, what incentive is there for us to continue to shrub the GNP of a country that's been so critical on, unsuppot of our policies in Iraq? For getting, I guess, about the fact that Canada's already sending people over there like to help in a cleanup work? Like every other sluppers in the world, I will go up there and clear up the mess you made. Doom and Gloom seems to be in the forecast for Canada. Each winner sees fewer and fewer knee-shocked, sandal clad, blobs on the boardwalk and Hollywood. Soon the only people with disposable incomes in Toronto will be the X-PAPI at such as you. Would you then put such a gleeful spin on any less than perfect news from the USA? Stars may not be the only cloud in the Maple Leaf Future. Come home and save yourself, Neil. No. Friends, our Cuban cooking may not be the answer to the world's love of friends cooking, but it sure beats the Falafel and Fee-Cee's diet that Canada may have to eat. The cola. That's what it says. The Falafel and Fee-Cee's diet that Canada may have to eat. The coalition forgives you and of course got even of Neil Roger. And like I said, a lot of mistakes in there, but it went to such lengths to put that together, you know? I felt at least we had to dignify what a response. We were reading it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line on a really nifty Thursday. Not bad. WDQAM. Quadacat driver, we're easy. WDQAM. Hello. Neil? Yes sir. How are you doing? Is this the chronic hand driver? What? How are you doing? I'm a truck driver from a house with Neil or a city. What a band of steak. Oh yeah. Tell me about it. Why the other talk to Neil? Where are you calling from? Call from Hollywood. Let's go to Hollywood. Hello. Oh, Neil? Yes sir. How are you doing? I just want to let you know that you got an audience here. I moved down from New York City. To Hollywood? Yes. Fabulous steak. I told you about it. And I moved down here and these chronic colors. It's like... Yeah. What can I say? It's a meat oven. It sounds like a Jewish calling. You know, you say about abortion that every ejaculation doesn't deserve a name. You know what I mean? Right. Don't talk to the Pope. But it's... You know, and the way people drive down here. I came down at West Palm. You know, tell my car behind me with a truck. And I got down here and all of a sudden nobody's using directional anymore. I don't know what it is down here. They're watching too much NASCAR or something. Now the directional here, they're not with fingers, not with the lights. Generally the middle digit. Listen, hang in there, pal. Great hearing from you. Alright. Alright. He did say truck and didn't he? I noticed somebody said that yesterday something that sounded like that on Mosho. And he just about went apple plucked it. He was ready to dump it. And it sounded like it was too close to above. This is the same guy that's talking about, you know, Gully likes whatever that guy's name is. He did dump it. He dumped it? It was dumped. Yep. Oh my god. I mean, you can tell what the guy said. It wasn't even close. He's getting really edgy now man. He's really right on edge speaking of the moral censor as South Florida must begin to now. Must be really having a stortal panic. Well, we'll find out Saturday if he shows up at that draft thing. First after the numbers come up tomorrow. 1027 at 560 WQA. Let me tell you about how you get a new mattress. You can. You can get in your car and slip over to your department or bedding store. And you can go from one to the other. And you can get wasted a lot of expensive gas and time and get ripped off. And why don't you get into crappy mattress anyway or you can make one simple call to dial a mattress at 1 800 mattress. 1 800 mA TTRES and you'll have a great night's lead guarantee to you. A you and your back for months and years to come from our friends at dial a mattress. That's the simple lazy way to do it. Believe me. I'm lazy and I'm fat and I'm old and that's the way I would remind mattress and I never disappointed. Because dial a mattress carries the best in the world at unbeatable everyday prices. They got silly, sort of. Simmons King coil every size and style of the sun. And exactly the one you're looking for. No bait and swish the one you want. It's in stock and ready for just about immediate delivery to down on mattress gets more repeat more fuel customers than any other company because they know how to treat your right. And once you buy a mattress this way with one easy call to 1 800 mattress. You'll never go back to slipping around with those bedding and department store sure rooms again. And don't forget when you do buy your mattress this smart way from dial on mattress. They set up your brand new one and take away that crappy old soil and vericing bedding for free. I'll say it again. They set up your new and take away the soil nasty old bedding for free. So do the smart thing make one easy call now talk to folks who know this stuff inside and out. And the dial a mattress full of the lever right to your door and just a matter of hours. The finest mattress you've ever laid your ass on. And you're a great night sleep for months to come by calling 1 800 mattress. 1 800 mA TTRES for dial a mattress. The smart way to get you a great night sleep. We're sports for the old five C4. You a M. I'm in fact this. Well congratulations, get a life. Coming up tonight on inside behind the two Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. The startling true story of a man who wouldn't listen to his manager and ended up biting it very hard. He was Terence Trent Darby. You're one of the college first album introducing the hotline. I said okay, trendy New York law boy. I don't know what the f*** it means but go ahead. Terence Trent Darby's manager. Chef Stools. You're looking back. I should have known. The guy has three names. You know like Harry Hans-Franck purple grandpa something. You know that pretentious up-al-West side we think we've British horse. With his success at his first single wishing well. Stools urged Darby not to alienate his fans with any more quote. Froody asked art crap on quote. But Darby didn't listen. His second album would completely unnoticed. It's titled Neither Fish nor Flesh. A soundtrack of love, faith, hope, and resurrection. Can you f*** and believe it? I said Terence I'm dying here. I got three kids who need toilet paper to wipe their runny asses and you give me fish and flesh and hope and resurrection. I ought to f***ing kill you. As Chetstools home in business went into foreclosure. He begged Darby to listen to a reason. Unmoved. Darby released a third record. Symphony or damn. Exploring the tension inside the sweetness. I ever see this f*** again. I am gonna ram his contract so far up his ass. He was going to say ass. But tonight for the first time Terence Trent Darby himself responds to accusations that he is a complete f***. Hey! That's a great title for an album. The artist responds to accusations that he's a complete f***. Christen in a new job. It's a big juicy softening with liquid show business tonight. Uninside the behind. Ten three four twenty six to eleven a mad dog at one. You got the Humper this afternoon at an almond take a look at this. I want to make sure I get it right. Humper in the studio at three. Oh f***. Six thirty got Marlon's on direct 705. How is that possible? I thought that was the last game of the series. All of tonight's together going for the sweep. Excuse me. Marlon Brewers at the Marlon's ought to be at least six seven thousand and tonight's 705. Eddie came forward on baseball from G.A. and Joe and Mark overnight. That's the schedule. That's our agenda. Our sports agenda for you here on QAM where the games never stop. Five six seven five sixty. I think we're going to get this line five things. I don't like the way this delay of the phone. It doesn't look right. No. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. It just creates like a bizarre pattern on here. I think it affects the quality of the calls on the show. Now if we ever hire a new engineer and we're trying to screw on the old one's over. WQA. I think it affects the quality of the call. QAM. Hello. Yes sir. I think it's a good idea. QAM. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. I want to speak to me. Who are you calling for? I'm already a dancer. Turn that radio off. Yeah. Speak to me. Huh? I said how you doing? I'm doing all right. This is Neil. Is Neil? Yep. Neil. Oh. Hey. Hey. I'm Neil. I'm Neil. I'm. I got a post suggestion and they request you don't mind. Go ahead. Post suggestion possibly the most despised chronic of all time. We've already done that. Oh, you have time this that day. How about as a request? Butterfly kiss was followed up with that we were all feces at one time. Okay. That's it. That easy to please today. Oh, you want like a they want to set up the whole damn thing here. Well, we wanted preceded by this and a couple of far and then put in a Neil God. Just calm yourself down. So don't let me forget butterfly kisses. Okay. I'm playing it a long time. Right. And on our subreener be nerded in. And who else has got their kids there? And now fat boy being in the hospital yesterday. He probably don't have his fat. I mean his family there. Kid Curry. These are just because you know, I can't wonder the hall. He's got a lot of kids. He's got a lot of kids. He's got a daughter. He's got a daughter. Yeah. Well, this is bring your daughter to work day. Bring your child to work day. They had to be you to sex about it. Okay. Change the dinner always used to be bring your daughter to work. You used to be. And then, you know, that sexism. So that's, bring your child. I see. I managed his kids. They're both in college. So I guess even bring them into destroy the radio station. They probably matured a little bit since those I would these days. Anyway. I mean, that audience. We don't really don't believe that. But that's a true story. He used to bring his kids when they were punks into Iowa. And they, on a weekend, and they would just tear the place up. Just trash the place. True stories is news department would be having an average breakdown. The AP wire was all screwed up. And it would be no paper in it. And it would just, it was like our hurricane hit the damn newsroom. I just, but I'm sure that they outgrow it, you know. Yeah. This boy's being boys. Let's hope. Oh, a line nine is ringing for the first time, which is always a real treat on a show lately. Last several days. WQAM. Yeah. When you have what never ties in, I'm trying to get their phone number. How do I do that? Uh, who is it? It's a mortgage company. Did you advertise on the ill Rogers? First mortgage America? Do you have many or is that just one of them? That's, uh, I'll give you their number. All right. That's fine. First mortgage America. 1-800. 9-4-O. L-E-N-D. I appreciate your help. Okay. Thanks. See, there you go. I'll handle it. When it calls George, oh, we don't have any numbers to see. And I get their ego right on it. How he may have been taught number? Oh, no. Now, when we got our own people on there, we take care of our own sponsors. Right? That's what he doing on the World Famous Neoroders show. It's his loaded with spots. By the way, we should point that out. Load it with spots at a great rate as Mr. Ego would say. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, talk about an inferiority complex. I got it. It has to work on a 50 watt light bulb radio station for the last 10 years. That has to, have you, you have seen that thing on Sunday? Oh, you don't get to do it. Get what? Get what? The cable TV show Mr. Ego show? No. Oh, my gosh. Before it's at one o'clock on my cable in the channel 19, community cable, you must have it in Hollywood. Oh, if you ever saw that, look, it looks like you're watching through a negative. It's a full control. It's a little awkward. And where Nick Lawrence is behind the scenes doing a camera and little brands. They're nipping at his heels. Oh, it's, it's, you have never in your life. And they're like 75 spots before the show even starts. It's a penis extender and a vagina stimulator. And it's, it's a real tweet. You got to see it before you quote. I'm telling you that. All right. And the way things are going now, you better see it pretty soon. What's going around down there? And what's going around up here? Oh, I'm just going to show you my six-year-old. You weigh in. Even loves Neil Rogers. Well, everything's almost as good as the shots. This right-hallet palaces and blue of the shots. No, all I'll know is on that ship almost moves. Failed in a more recent family. Seat kernels. Good day. Call your brother, who's safe. Tell him that there's no way. No way. We'll be going on a, we'll be going on a, we'll be going on a. Seat kernels. Seat kernels. Got his men's gloves in the stir. Hey. What are you going to my eye? All those crows. Who's yours? Why'd you burn? What's going on? It's my little boy. Before we knew of any, I was totally sick. Now it looks even worse than the tattoo there. One, they were sent to Taylor and heard the news. Founding a more than same family. Seat kernels. Oh. Hey. One day. Call your brother, who's safe. Call his brother. Tell him that there's no way. All my guys. No way. We'll be going on a, we'll be going on a. Seat kernels. Seat kernels. Got his men's gloves in the stir. I'm a, we'll be going on a, we'll be going on a. Seat kernels. Got his men's gloves in the stir. One, they were sent to Taylor and heard the news. The next fantasy. Seat. Seat. Enough of the ass eating already and the armpit. Looking. More Howard David and 50. I'm figure. Pardon? Our pit. Licking. Florida, Marlon's 39. Scott and Lacey Peterson 36. Stanley. Cuppey. Ops 26. Palo. Nine. And last. Meaning they care the most about. Our return. We're still getting a real full run and I we just got the NFL draft. That's gone. Oh, it's a Carlos's fault this time. He was too busy with those 85 trillion. Very important bedtime story. Good stuff on there today. You really should go to the arages.com and find out what the hell is going on in a World, which is going to hell on a hand basket. I want to do that story about the Israeli. Even though this is an update on the Israel. A Rockwell or pipeline from the Christian science. Monitor, not from some liberal rag. That's where some left wing county. Pink or publication. But the very. A. A. Stagee Christian science monitor will get to it. And then of course that other thing which we really touched on yesterday. Bush election drive to tap 911 memories, which is the reason that they're scheduling the 2004 Republican convention way up there in September. Almost a near coincide with the third anniversary of 911 to make it into a flag waving super paid. Super paid. We're out of a. Not that they want to exploit that tragedy. You understand. Right. Not that they would do that for political purposes. By those orders. Because of a lot of media institutions, additional appropriations. They may break it on China and suspect something is going tobench from the galaxy above 06. Yes. Lieutenant HatJo. Indonesia, a week later separate property on rate 2016, the travel united parties. B. So here at reactions and various events. At this point, when we saw Michael H鳎. stuck there, uh, hover up my ass. A Kirby vacuum cleaner hose. Good line though. In fact, Muff might be able to talk to you about that. He's getting ready for the colonoscopy. You know, when in doubt they do have to clean the out of me before they go delving in there. Start looking around examining exploring. See who's been there before. And then of course I also haven't touched yet on this one. Fox TV news engineer charged with smuggling stolen a rakey art. That's where very, very nice. All spin all day. Right. Who the hell are they kidna? All right, wings all day. I would be all confused if you went to Kentucky, fry like that one bit. We play about when it Jews attack and had nothing but right wings. That's Fox news for you. And oxy moron Fox news. Several members of the media and a US service man have been caught attempting to ship Iraqi paintings weapons and other war souvenirs to America US authorities said yesterday. This is from the A, A, and P. Which is just as credible as if it came from lab laws. At least 15 pennies go play the firearms ornamental knives, bombs and other items at bonds. Bones at me. Fonds, V, Wendy, as like very bonds like Bill bonds and W, S, Y, Z, and Detroit. And other items have been seized at airports in Washington, Boston and London. In the past week, according to the Bureau of Customs and Border Protection. I wonder if Jeb Bush's wife, what the hell's her name? Columbah. Columbah. I wonder if she was a, I haven't any of them. Item seized in the military case were flown to Fort Stewart, Georgia. These seizures had serviced a warning to anyone who would take advantage of the transition current man away and newly liberated Iraq commissioner Robert Bonner said. Benjamin James Johnson, a work as an engineer for Fox News channel, is the only person charged identified by the government. A criminal complaint filed in US district court now is Andrew Virginia charges Johnson, tried to bring 12 paintings into the US last Thursday. They were contained in large cardboard box that was again been by Customs agents at Dullison International Airport outside Washington. And after David Fidel, the criminal complaint says that Johnson, who accompanied US troops to Baghdad, gathered up the paintings that have passed the long-to-old eye who's saying one of Iraqi prison solemn sons, the paintings depict Sodom and Odei and Gamora. An examination of Johnson's luggage also turned up 40 Iraqi Monterey bonds and a visitor's badge from the US Embassy in Kuwait. Johnson, 27 of Alexandria Virginia is not been arrested, but is to appear before a federal magistrate next Tuesday. How do you like that? Johnson worked for six years as a satellite truck engineer for Fox, which fired him after learning if an outstaking the bay. They sure got problems between Harado trying to give way to true positions. And now this engineer who's like, uh, got to get canned because he's bringing back artifacts. No facts on Fox just artifacts. Very, very sad. Five, six, seven, come on, David. We just said we'd ask the facts. Let's take a lot more of these great calls today. We're not even at the halfway point yet. Is that possible? Can I not even be allowed to clock you? It's possible. It is? I don't believe it. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, I've tell you one thing that really saved my asses that Wednesday knew to one hour, God, do I love that? And I will say if I do say so myself that yesterday was pretty good. You didn't like it? Yeah, I liked it a lot. He thought he didn't like it. See, I can always tell. There's a long pause. He's tapping a pencil there. He didn't like it. I liked it. I like it. I like it. I don't care whether you like it or not. So anyway, Carlos, start polishing off that sea. We don't want to do it on the day that Sabrini's in there. But tomorrow, be a good day after the book comes out. Do you want to do this? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I like to make it direct comment to that guy Dave. The call Davis is back, David. Yeah. He's up on the booty. Yeah. Another thing I like to say is you're... WDQAM. That was your weapon, Joe, it was a wannabe. QAM. That was your weapon, Joe, it was a wannabe. QAM, hello. It's a man that's... WDQAM. Neil. Yes, sir. I love that little thing you played from the old... I, O, D, D. It turned on this and turned off that and didler. It was not this in it and I was just came back. Did it? I didn't do anything. It just came back. Sorry, sir. That's funny. No, it's not funny. It's pathetic. It's funny. Just came back. I see all the lines flashing again. So it's something on your hand. Somebody down there is playing fast and lose probably back in engineering. The internet is still... They're still slapped, huh? Our internet is down over here. That has anything to do with it. Well, see it always happens in an engineering room back there. It always goes down at the same time. That's going to be our pull question tomorrow. Who goes down first and fast is screw-an or the internet? Is there any down? Roooo! Or the rumor was he was in the building though, they was he there yesterday? I didn't see him. That was what the Trice Draper was telling me. Those ex-dolphins, they stick together. Roooo! I could be told me. He said another bald-headed ex-dolphin player. Only a big, bigger one and black or one. I bet you screw-an had a big smile on her post. 567. And look at this, the phone is working again. What did I tell you? I was a little prayer during the break. And it came right back on. WQAM. Who said who said we don't have a prayer at QAM? WQAM? Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going? Pretty good. Did you hear any rumors that they're going to have a Godfather 4 coming out? No. Okay, you know I watched that series. I've been trying to get hold of you a couple weeks. Well, I'm going to ask you this. Who would be in it? Hmm, hopefully the channel is the uh, Dawn. How would he be in Godfather 4? I'm not, you mean it was a retro thing? But they went back. How would they make him look younger? I don't know, man. I don't think they would. They killed off everybody. If Sephirvinson, everybody else in the movie is dead. Except for Connie and Vincent. Uh, okay. Can you hear any other people or, of any of his significance or is still alive? Did he in the Godfather 3? No, but he always got new recruits. Nah, not the same man. Yeah, didn't you find it aggravating though that in every one of those got to free him baby's crying all the time? I love the series, but man, I got sick of the baby. They wanted to make it real life, you know, it's just how it is. We got sick and love babies around her crying and, you know, we're not gonna be like that. I'm not gonna be like that. I'm gonna be like that. I'm gonna be like that. Well, the Godfather and Tensiv, who's left to be in Godfather 4? You got to Vincent, which I'm gonna be nauseous from him after his performance and look. And I wanna say this, I wanna at least be consistent. He had to write to be there in front of Merris Grecia's house who just got married to that little kid. But nevertheless, I thought it was, it was an exploitive. Who was the other one? It was there? Was a him and, Oh, what's your name? Oh, Gloria, esteth foreign. Oh, and even forgetting about, that whole alien business in Merris Grecia's and Lazaro forgetting about that. Gloria, esteth, I'm makes me gag. Oh, brother, what is the deal with her? She can't sing. She's ugly as dog crap. What's the, what's the big attraction there? I forgot she's Cuban. We're so keen to get you guys excited. No. They'd rather they'd rather hang out with Merris Grecia's. No. Not the rest of her. Oh. 560, 560. How in 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line? We got the phone back on. What more can you want? Son of shine, it's a beautiful day. Keep the windows seal real tight here. WQAM. QAM. I know what's going on. Yes, sir. Hey, add on those crank holers to your pulse. What's these things do you care about the least? I can't care, at least for this crank holer. They think they're important, but this. But that, that's she that doesn't make any sense. It doesn't fit in with the thrust of our pull. I do understand what you're saying, but it doesn't make sense. Well, in the context, they are annoying. Well, that's why we move along real fast. Which of these things do you care about the least we asked for hundred and some votes in two and a half hours? That's pretty heavy duty. Carlos, you follow an act? Yes. You're not as excited about as you're supposed to be. He's a little out of the weather. He had a really rough night last night. I'm going to have to rolling him over. And that what you said? That quite. Harness racing, 124, which of these things do you care about the least? I'll be damned. That's what they want to hear about race sign and red Ross and Jim McGuardy and Wally McLmery. Did you want to hear about them? All day long. Harness rate, yeah, I could. I could do it. I'm sure. In fact, if the phone would come back on, I just said here that harness racing names of drivers and horses. And I could be going to the midnight just as Dick Fimer, he'll tell you. You know, Dick? No. Harness racing, 126, George's sex fantasies, 91. Oh, how are David at 58? Florida Marlins is moving back up there, 46. Scott, Lacey Peterson, 43. They got my vote. I don't care about them about the fetus. I don't want to hear from them. Stanley kept finals, 31. Arbitron, radio ratings, E11. Politics 9 and the NFL drafts already got full. Just went on there. I think it'll do pretty well. Although maybe not. Maybe we just got the sports nerds listening on. Maybe that's why we're getting such great intellectual calls. 567, Ophatladiah, Gaff from the WH. Oh. We're really pissed off about him, man. He's just destroying the economy of this formerly wonderful city. They could be people in the crowd who are infected. And he'll be taking the virus with them across China. Oh, this is in China. And sounds and factions are now being reported from almost every province in China. And that's a clear. Don't go to China, George. Unless you're okay. I have to. Okay. If you want great Chinese, just go to the Amel Coast. You don't have to go on a plane and go all the way to China. And whatever you do, don't go to Hong Kong. WQAM. I have a theme with us. One's not going to be too good. QAM. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. In the middle of a Bible study class. Something called. No, we're going to jump. We're going to jump. We're going to jump. WQAM. Hey, guys. Speaking. Neo, guess what I just did. I'm going to. I just pre-paid my cable for two months. Why would you want to do that? Because I didn't want to miss next week's mom though episode. Oh, you're gay. Oh, no, no. And you know what else? You're gay. Yeah. I want to take you fishing and let you use my whole. Okay. No thanks. You're gay. Fine. Turn up the bass. 560560, pound 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WQAM. Hello. Yes. Hey, Phil. Where's Gary Oki's finger in the world? Is he really? Oh, my Lord. What was he doing? I can't imagine Phil Saltzman's single karaoke. He did. Thanks to Notcha. And it sounded just absolutely for it. Sound of Frank probably sounds today. Right. That's it. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Phil Saltzman. I challenged him when Carter opens up if they ever open up again. Phil's calling on Marisa's. I challenged Phil to start singing karaoke in the middle of one of the races. That would be great. And if he dynamite, I'll go for that. So next time you're at Carter, let me know how it works out. Best regards to our good close personal friends Phil Saltzman. He's a good guy and sped us some of the people he stuck in his seats at the hockey game around me. And sped of that. How's your friend Big Al doing? Oh, my buddy. WDQAM. Oh, yeah. How's your friend? How's your friend? How's your friend? He's your friend. Hello. Oh, hi, you. Yes, sir. How you doing there? Hey, I'm watching these videos of these crazy, uh, she-I-T riding in Iraq for us to get the hell out. They're not riding. They're celebrating man. They're having a good time. They're ponder themselves on the chest. They're flagelating it. So we spent billions of dollars in sacrifice so many of our young people. So we can liberate these crazy nuts who hate our kids. We didn't spend any money to liberate anybody. We threw you better get it right. We went in there so we could take control of the place and we could set up our own puppet government. They said, we don't think so. Just like you try to set up the shot and Iran, the same crazy she-I'd to do the same thing in Iraq that they didn't Iran and put their own eye atola. And there's what they want to do. That's what they got to do. And we don't know whether there's screamery to banana because we weren't prepared for it. As usual, we weren't prepared for it. It's a nice move by bushman. Everything. You touch them. Reverse. Why is it touch? Yeah. Well, I'll tell you one thing. You remember that expression, bush league? Now we know where it came from. We used to think it came from South Florida. And by the way, Hank, you weren't the first one who said that I would- I don't like when he stared stealing on material, but he certainly entitled. I was not for doing it. Who's any weight? No, not yet. Well, you should mention it in the fat boys in the hospital. We don't want to see Hank follow him because Hank's in denial. Just like Samson and Delilah, he's in denial. Wasn't Delilah with a clear patch. Well, I get confused. Sorry. Five, six. Huh? Seven. See Carlos, what he's doing again? I saw gaslight a couple of times. I saw it again recently. This is a reminder. So I'll get the telltale signs when you're trying to grab me crazy. Try to drive me off the deep end. I feel a lot like he read Birdman today. Although you don't sound least, but like Charles Boyay. I try to. Don't sound don't talk in French. Okay, it's not in these days. Although I didn't enjoy my French toast two days ago, but I was good. Man, didn't even make me sick. I mean, stop and think about how childish that is. Now stupid. It is the plain cards and the fresh freedom toast grow up America. Is it possible? No, I knew it. I knew it. I'd grow up just a little teeny tiny bit. Put away those little topper little over the call of little training bikes. Now with the calm training bikes, the bicycles and bikes with training wheels. Yeah, bikes with training wheels, little tiny baby crap. Okay, get out of the sandbox, put down your little tiny pale and shovel. And start trying to be like a bunch of adults and so like a bunch of overgrown children's man. It's kind of like you always say it's chilling. Is that what we always say when we get another one. He's just terrifying bedtime stories about the P.P. Dactparts 1-100. It's chilling like a villain. Chillin like a villain and he merkin people are willing. That's the sad part. And the day to thrill him. And pretty soon is going to be a lot more. Killin, killing. We'll tie on some to fill in. And the crowds are milling around. I think I'm out of material. It's 12 minutes after love. We moved that pretty good. Thank you ever started that. That was excellent. What a show man. Oh, there's a spot for two teams for five dollars. I bet you know, can't I'll be calling? Oh, it's an A and W spot. Two teams for five bucks. Oh, I have the I have the magic touch on that button man. I got the I can touch it. Well, if there's legal age and bring him on up here now. 12 minutes after 11 and 560 WQM. How many times did he have an opportunity? He didn't act. He didn't hop right on it. Well, rarely does an opportunity interrupt your life. But this one up to interest rates have gone on even lower than they were before. It's amazing. Financial group was offering an interest rate of 3.45%. Then they lowered it to an even more amazing 2.95% and now. Believe it or not. Rates have gone even lower. 2.45% financing weight 90 with financial group. That's correct. 2.45%. Call financial group toll free at 1.89 for Oland. How long when he's low interest rates last? Probably one day well probably not very long. So it's like a window of opportunity that we invite you to hop through with financial group and get yourself that incredibly low rate of just 2.45% and save yourself as much low to cash. Call financial group today toll free at 1.89 for Oland. And you're probably wondering and I'm sure you might be what 2.45% financing will do to your monthly payments. I'll give you some for instances. If you have a 200,000 loan, it produces your payments to only 76 a month. If you have a 100,000 loan, you're only 393 a month unbelievable. So do it now and save yourself a lot of cash in the process. Call financial group 1-800-9 for Oland, 1-800-9 for OLE and D. There are an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions apply. Wait somebody to change without notice 5.34 APR. And low. This is 4.256. You're way too way. Yeah. If there's a butt ass smell it. I don't but the good. We'll be here for an extra day. You know what you say? How are you feeling this good baby? Like I did it to a York Department Patty. What do you think I feel like home in here? But it's a simple heart fat or procedure. Just need deeply into the basket. Say, I went on the fast. I can't move and nothing. Look at that. He's open to my chest now. Hey, my device. I got the gophtest taken off his pants. And now he's watered. And it's great when my chest is tamed. I stop. I'm gonna do you know who I am. Who? To do it, so I know the number. There's nothing I can do. Look. To do the door. Is it great when my chest? Did I get one? To do it. Who? To do it. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. It was a beautiful funeral. Oh, even if I went to only when I showed up, I feel like a part of the mean. Well, looks like it's time for me to do it. I always wanted to do. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. I know. I am coming back to you. Go on, come. Goes from proof. Here. Is there anyone in the door? Go on. I'm Ilim misguidd now. Today is a magic day. me's a demon's wound. has thrown me in the mouth. I don't need any scars. That's yourself. I'm gonna mood holes. See? The power of Christ compels you. Okay, 11 19. I'm saying I look at my e just check my email 7 7 message. Yeah Five of them from you which are five pictures. Look at these two guys these two queen. I mean, it's Well, and that's okay. I mean, I'll tell you one thing. I've checked them all out. This is the last one I look at and at least for the beginning here We sure a lot of leaps and bounds ahead with these steps to our winners on last one leaps and bounds and light years ahead of where we were before Of course last one the first one we did when you were you know I was out As I'm vacation or what was the story you were on vacation and yeah But I mean that was you know the pioneering of this that was just the beginning and it was a slow slot together at the last minute Burn of the moment kind of thing right so if you like to win an all expense paid well isn't all expense We don't want to say that not all expense no just the airfare in the hotel the airfare and hotel Well, that's most of the expensive you punch your brains out lose your guts of the casinos that's your problem But you're a little trip for two to the Bahamas three days and two nights including airfare go to Neorodges dot com our prestigious website and where you see those flaming things on there I think one of them is a picture of muff and the other one's a picture of Freaky Carlos from our front not our Carlos keep in mind. He's not Faming yet not as freaky Carlos No, but anyway when you see the flames ulary and right spot and click on that baby and you see how you are getting Vovonus and you might be a winner also the other two emails from a hysterical insamials I was psychotic she says are they they're doing transmitter maintenance or I mean internet Some maintenance at 11 o'clock is the message that she got when she lost the the audio screeching done a 16 now W to Q a m I like talking to you speaking Sounds like it to me The world health organization I guess put a travel ban on Toronto or no never heard of that Don't don't believe anything you read in the hero matters. No such thing are you eating any tiny food no Hi, you haven't any young young some young guys some young right now. All right I'm not outside. I'm just a drinking bottle water I come back to Florida. Stay healthy. No chance man good luck here. Lot right then yeah, we're on a part of it Is see this is what happens people read this crap in the papers we told you the W age Your full of crap If you could see what a beautiful day it is dear today and and life is as usual There's nobody walking around the city with masks on with surgical masks There's nobody screaming and we'll go off the deep end the TTC the subway is riding just as normal and a go train and a come train and all that and life goes on Life goes out we had 20,000 people there on Monday night for that game six of the air Canada Center Unfortunately game seven was and not so good but I mean 20,000 people that even get sick and even get sorry It even confident you can have a headache. They got a headache from the game on Tuesday. They saw him filly, but other than that And this is what's going on in the media in fact the prestigious New York Times. I read their story that they had yesterday About this W H O thing about Toronto and I'm gonna tell you that if you put side by each the article from the Toronto star Nest of New York Times It would be like you're talking about two different cities two different health situations two different worlds as Roger Williams And what's your name would say Jane Morgan and were that on cap records? No, book of Rinders If I told you once I told you a bunch of times I thought that song Which is perfect for that place already played that more thing than I yeah, but what now? I want to make sure I don't the bottom You a lot of distractions you were trying to get to phone going. I'm checking all these damn emails which were an old fart like me You know yeah, I'd be checking seven hysterical emails, but we do have 465 votes being a boy. I do like that Very impressive myself. It is impressive. I would air How about with me for coming up with the poll puts? Well of course. I goes without saying Which of these yeah right? What not that can vote? You know he's on automatic good directed positive now all of a sudden he's not sucking around so hard That's what stuff was complaining about Which of these things do you care about the least? Harness racing 139 I can't believe they don't care about Kevin Wallace and George Wallace and Mickey McTinkle and Brian Sears and Sears robot is that SARS robot here Georgia sex fantasies 97 they don't want to hear about that anymore. They're tired of the funny thing They don't want to hear about you down can't get late anymore. There's sick of it. They know what already Okay, you know what all right. Hey, does Greg bring his kids in to there? They often school somewhere. Yes He did bring him in yes the daughter. What about his two sons? Nope There'll be the ladies now and he knows that I'm up here so they're safe. Yeah, and let me ask you did we ever fight I'll who the father was it those kids since they don't have a different color here? No, I guess now's not a good time to be asking Then they come play off 35 arbitrar radio waiting 13 politics 11 the NFL draft is moving up I got a very late star, but it's gone. Yeah already and I'm sure we get a lot more than that Because this is NFL draft weekend baby Who the hell me why don't we get dick bites how to do it with a mad dog who the hell needs that Stodgy old fart Mohour David who's playing hard to get and finally admits now that he'll be there after pretending Oh, I'm and let's I get paid to go with a dad. You know all this other bull crap Who the hell are you man just just one fall smooth just one blink of the eye from you just one cross-eyed look at Greg And yeah, because there's one message I'd like to be a pass along to Moe on behalf of management break H. Yeah, okay I know that for a fact break H. So does everybody else while I'm at it, but especially break H. Yeah He only wishes he could find a way to show you the exit My good little worked up not enough. Oh Well guess what mo break H you like poison like SARS like arsenic like he be GV Like hoax pokus because he done a focus group And they did a focus group with a whole bunch of people in a room Hallowed potty egg GMC in business for over 35 years. That's like old long and some of you been alive in one Same great location can you imagine the number of businesses just in their block in 30 years that had come and gone in that time At least but halaponex still there at 134136 you highway US one across from the falls because they make unbeatable deals They treat you right for example right now time layman and Joe Prado have got these Neil deals going on Hall it Neil deal number one get yourself zero percent financing for sixty months on every potty egg or GMC in stock Neil deal number two get up to a $4,000 event on every new GMC in potty egg in stock That is correct. I'll say it again because it's startling, but it's true Get yourself up to a $4,000 event on every new cover truck in stock and halaponex right this moment as I speak and Neil deal number three if you're currently a GMS smart Lisa smart by customer and Ravi Chevy Blazer and rules Provado or GMC Jimmy by or Lisa new potty Acro GMC gets yourself an extra $1,000 off the price and while you're at hell it looking around be sure and take a test drive With the all-new spiffy and powerful Punyacram pre-2 from where information about the Neil deals call their hotline tool free the Neil deal hotline That is said again Thank you and one triple eight five three four forty two eleven that's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven And please keep in mind that all Neil deals has submitted credit provosted you to four details Hall it potty at GMC of all the others. They are professional greatest David's a bit economy tanking biological warfare To enter channel 10 tonight for our in-depth report on the dangers of electric tongue cleanser Whiteboard watered out channel 10 eyewitness news good hygiene is a good idea Especially after a good ass eating but using an electric tongue cleanser could Result into zaster channel 10 investigate reporter guilty on you Join the eyewitness news team and How are we with you from the future is it just a rumor that guilty really has scabies 1131 29 till noon at five sixty wc and the mad dog coming along at one and Hank at three and Marlon's baseball tonight And it decaying Joe and Mark and the Howard and what's his name guilty in the morning? See I caught him Howard at them sir. I'm trying to be a little bit nice before the numbers come out And who knows he could have another good month in March right he might salvage a book and we might to go in the tank We might have another month like December or a January We can only hope not Because if he does good we do bad if we do a good heat as bad See that's that's the new deal That's what happens when you bring in a guy who's like at war with the entire rest of the radio station Not a good idea not a good lead in not a good idea But that's just his thing, you know It's him against the world kind like George W Union and management negotiators at american airlines have reached the agreement on a framework to keep the company out of bankruptcy But both sides need to win approval from their respective boards according to a congressman who brought the two sides together Representative Martin Frost said yesterday or today the agreement was reached late last night after 12 hours of meetings He didn't know any of the details of the deal which was reached after he and three other congressman left the meeting earlier yesterday But he said representatives and both sides told him the agreement he said it's a done deal and I just has to be approved by the board Got it Got it Frost said the future of american airlines will probably be known today I think there will be a resolution one way or another two day he said two days Everybody's on pins and needles all our friends out there who work in american and good luck to them. They'll need it Just like the people of fly american good luck nation is said that should I sit in no Did they quit though with those hand grenades? I guess because things got so tight they couldn't afford to put anymore the man grenades on over had been Man, it was just they weren't for real. It was just a real fact. Okay, just through dramatic effect. They go under the seats though And old is really rack or line we open in question Mark you're reason I'm doing some bedtime stories No, I'm a swivel lag and the phone calls on it which is very distressing to me now that the phone is working again We were off to such a stirring start here today if you ask me I would say so with you. Yeah, okay sure What do you mean by that? I'm just agreeing with everything you say? I'm not talking to you anymore. I'm talking to Carlos What do you think being her boy sure shut up 5 6 7 0 5 6 you see how he's easy his to you know get a lured in when he's just read he's just a gung-ho You know any opportunity any opening so I'd watch your self George. I'd watch you said don't get sick Don't get sick or be a man We're a mass in fact that's probably what he's doing He's probably I try to infect that studio to get you as sick and then all of a sudden you you'll notice how fast he gets healthy again I was wondering why it was spitting on me just like that week around vacation a couple weeks Oh man, I'm glad that he was dancing on your grave You thought guilty was dancing on most grave and I won but he was dancing. He was tapping on it Just usually put taps on his sneakers got me to trade him show them all the ropes Nothing to see I got put taps on sneakers Not lately these bottle caps. WQA in You say A bigger person I doubt that very much Paul cash no was been sucking my butt. I don't think so not that Goop ball. There's nothing to say about him. It's very sad got it rips off everybody else's material He's on a big powerful station on air. I'll tell you one thing look back in those numbers back in a good old days when Zeta was really a power Post not power 96 but a power house I understand you know you got that aging sidekick on it with you Paul. I understand I think they could have a precipitous drop in his book tomorrow. Don't you Zeta? I don't I don't know where they're at I forgot I just made that up. I don't know either But I just made that up just to make them more nervous see them again different to me I got a good contract Paulie man. I said Paulie man Maybe that's the Paulie man. They were talking about Castro Maybe that was a sublible little thing on his part to try to get into QMV Even though he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd you're a liar Paulie you're a liar everybody in the building knows you've been trying for the last before years to get into QMV And work out in morning's show and answer is still I talked to him off. I talked to parents. I talked to Greg I talked to the water not's even and they said no chance that Castro over with his steel old material no chance Nobody QM How you doing Neil? Maybe that's why he's sucking around he's looking to get in the station again. Yes, sir. How are you? My name's Lance. I have a cold. You'll have to excuse me. He talked last week about a show on TV called a Reverend John too hot Reverend Jones your week Reverend Jones you're very weak, okay? That's two tries in last half hour by the way speaking of are you hot Believeably sexy and beautiful intelligence are you hot being hot and sexy is fun for a while But it sure does get boring check out this hot coat. I don't give a damn hot sexy Let's throw them down and you'll be fine. She's just hot everywhere you look at her she's sexy. She's just smoking You I think we should sex each other no matter what we do we always think of the time And she's pretty sexy too. I'm too sexy. Wow. That's a sexy pose. I'm sorry. I'm so damn sexy And I'm wet and hot sometimes if I'm a little bloated. I don't feel that sexy. I am a sexy bit. He is so hot They cause it's sexy So that's your That is Partly What is she? I think I only saw that one week. It was pretty damn good. It was pretty hot man. My TV was smoldering. I thought the glass was gonna melt See if it hadn't been for Lorenzo ripping off Howard There you go pick it on a rental Lomskin because you just jealous you only wish you look like he used to job Yeah, or home There's mayor Melman he is pissed off and fired up at the WH He is screaming Hop it up and I'm like grouple stillskin 567 you know, I don't know about his line too I guess it's working but there's something spastic about this whole phone thing you know There's something really spastic going on there 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon We're doing screenless. I think we got the audience trained to that and we'll be doing it for the foreseeable future next 20 30 years when you think oh Please oh, maybe maybe not 20 years maybe I don't know. We'll see how we'll see how it goes WQIM Neil yes, sir. Hey good morning and Congratulations for T.O making the front page of the Palm Beach post today. I rock see I come up here and put this place on a mat to leave Sting to join out on Tuesday and then we got the big sourcing with the WH Oh, you know what I would carry in umbrella when I leave the house because it's just a question at the time until Rick Sanchez Begin squatting over a map of terror. He's not permitted in here. We've already got his picture at the border no chance. Let's say per misaaki Listen, I do have An idea as to why our beloved ex friends Mr. Henry has turned such a right wing Nazi are you sure he's getting a TV show right and We all know Who owns the the media all of the media and if he were to come out and You know, he's just kissing that that's why he's covering his ass by saying oh Why do I'm really taking a chance because I could I could lose right My TV show by coming out in favor of the world That's like saying that I'm really taking a risk by coming out in favor of mom and apple pie You know That's what they make any sense Okay, time down you get a little bit to excited now listen Two are there's a new Johnny debt movie coming out Okay Pirates of the Caribbean yeah, I think it could movey Are you gonna be dressed up as a pirate door with a switched bus wash buckler with all of this Buckler and are you seeing blow? No That's a good movie. That's a true story with Johnny that he's ex on and that's very good movie You didn't enjoy or Johnny depas in blow Yeah It was on the other day. I think it's out one of my movie channels this week. I'm a catch it And if we end of it listen at the end There's about a 10 minute interview with Johnny dep and the actual guy that's still in prison So after the credits keep watching it because the interview's pretty pretty interesting Well Richard's about to turn DVD Oh no doubt Okay, we could all those you get all those extras when you get the DVD and believe it or not That's how it's moving We're here. Minus in there and he's pretty good in it also is he blowing to? Actually he does play if I again this one. What a surprise. Okay, I've ever raped a pali Love you Neil. Say hi to Johnny dep he's my kind of guy. Man what memories of Johnny in his brown leather jacket stand next to me I wish I had those pictures from those days. I mentioned the bird took him with him to his box It was bird cage don't you think? Yeah, for bird box in the sky. Oh Yeah Johnny dep he had he had skin like silk any. I'm sorry. So there's another reason you should watch Uh, Edward when it's on. I think you need to go out of your way or anything wood Ed Probably I don't know how to tell you he was just one of the most remarkable people I have ever seen he made he made Tom welling look like Beiner boy Yeah, that's how good he looks when he was sitting right there. He was he had a carolose I'm not picking I you're the one that caused him ugly Chuck. Yeah. Well, I try to calm something like more respectable like beiner boy That's more respectful. I mean ugly Chuck what is that like up Chuck? That's all I was like what you call fat people skinny Blom people red is he talking again? Sense of reading and they're just slapping the head 19 till noon at five sixty w to q a and hey, let me tell you right now if your mattress is lumpy and bumpy You're just not sleeping good you wake up in a morning you feel like you've been tossing and turning and you probably have Here's the deal over a million people a million spark people I know it's amazing that the debt many around but there are who a bottom at Chris right over the phone from dial a mattress including yours truly in George and McGill and last of other smart folks Call 1 800 m a t t r a s right now and you'll be guarantee yourself in your back a great night Safe tonight and for a long time to come they carry only the best mattress is made by man Seely certissimance king coil. They got every size and style imaginable ready for immediate delivery You'll never get a baton switch when you call dial on mattress there right number one in customer satisfaction They've got more repeat and referral customers than anybody in the world because they know how to treat your right and I promise you I'll bet both George and Carlos's life on out through and Greg there too. I'll bet all three other lives That once you buy mattress some dial on mattress you never dream ago and back to a showroom and slipping around time by that way again And don't forget when you buy a mattress over the phone by making that one EC phone call They set up the new and take away your crappy old vending for free. That's correct dial on mattress sets up the new and takes away your smelly nasty soil little bidding for free So make the call right now to dial on mattress 1 800 m a t t r a s 1 800 m and you and your back will be happy campus for years to come down on mattress the intelligently brilliant way to buy you a great New mattress and get it right night sleep 65 Your You This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station you've tried those other breakfast cereals that claim to be all natural Now get the real thing Introducing cow logs sugar plops to bring you all natural fiber rich goodness cow odds when straight to the farm Lightly toasted what we found then sweetened it so next time you're shopping don't just reach for any breakfast cereal Which for the all natural cow lawn sugar plops? It's like nothing you've ever tasted for breakfast ah Guarantee 47 at five sixty w q a and happy Thursday to you and here's a the article of the guy we've heard do at the beginning of the show by Jeff Miller in the sports section the hero today Brian Murray sent packing back to sugar shash How do you spell sugar shash But anyway, who's that to one paragraph? Murray Rain me mean and Brian rolled straight downhill from that peak meaning the big go panther year that one year That seems like a lifetime ago picture a cartoon snowball until he and his brother Terry word dumped They're partying news conference. Can we live on a panther's fascia radio station complete with a comedic sounds of intermittent flashllin Nice going Jeff Somebody one of our newspapers has got the balls even though we don't mention my name to make at least a failed reference to this show Any incredible comedy that becoming from it okay in the role as well It came from both moories what they left in their wake okay. Don't be told me about anaheim in the duch That's that's a whole different ball game I see team of salani and come back with San Jose with his sharks Which means the least better get team of salani or somebody who's gonna probably get his aspired right pat Right want to do some hockey talk now that rumors gonna be here this afternoon Maybe tomorrow morning we can have rumor on just before we do the ratings what he's saying Okay, show no If you could only see you know, there's this guest Mike in here Yeah, that's way up in here for like a nine foot tall if we had like an NBA guy and he'll be great But I mean it's I thought a boom so you can move it around but there's no place You the first of all you'd have to like crawl around behind this thing and there's no place to put a chair back There's you have to do like stand-up comedy like oh, you know the stand-up guy. He's still do it remember Oh chance keep a mighty hero. Okay keep a mighty hero 567560 pound 560 The ATT and Verizon wireless line here's a medical guy. They were in a high risk situation They would come up as they were planned to do Investigation's led to confirmations that the patients were not SARS infected. See how do you like that? How do you like that everybody sniffles now. Oh my god. You got sir everybody in the median I'm the general public is trying to get the public scary You got a fever by 145 you probably do have some kind of a problem Although Carlisals told me when he was bitterly complaining the other day about that big lump on his neck that Duff was trying to take his temperature back home W to Q a m He said he told him to thermometer. What is it? I'm finished. Yeah, you're finished all right Speaking of T Musilani, he said he's finished 567560 pound 560 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line. Look at that phone is at disappointing or what No, whatever on a screenless Thursday. That even noon yet these people can't keep it up. They just can't keep up the great The brilliance that's necessary for this show to reach its peak. We need this audience baby. We need this crowd We need to have the same kind of loyalty on this show that they right wingers the ditto heads Give the lardas in there. You know, we need to have all of that fake crap. You know fake real a made up Whatever you want to do not just this book but for months and years to come that's what we need because that's your only word See that that's why this book tomorrow so important not only is like the it could be the death nel for a certain show in a morning on Substation not to mention no names But also to see if we can actually continue to hold ours up in the air at a time when everybody's been intimidated You have to go step and you have to be right wing and you either with us to forget us And you have to be super patriotic and you have to support the bush my student a man a how many evil and grotesque unacceptable things He doesn't says et cetera So let's see if team channels on a right track or maybe we can kick their ass tomorrow Let's see. I you don't know we had one bad month and one real good month out of the out of the three That's what we know so far January suck February was sensational and I will just wait and see We'll put a lot on Twitter my thumbs you're putting your thumbs. I'm actually doing it right now All right here we go and we'll wait and see what's gonna happen tomorrow a lot of pressure a lot of tension WQAM To what I mean Maybe they're twirling their thumbs. Yes, sir Who is he number eight? Soxag boy number eight. He's great five six seven oh five 60 Tenders another macho guys call me fact we wouldn't know a hockey player if they if they hide stickin in the push Now guarantees got one WQAM Yes, sir. Is this me? Yes, sounds like me. What's happening now? How you doing? I was just gone to say I'm a first time car. Okay, and Don't you like the way we do the screenless you don't have to be interrogated by a bunch of people before you get on the air. It's great Yeah, no kidding. I was just telling my buddy about that how you got some of the other shows man They put like a whole screening committee and you have to talk like six people and you have to give them their shoe size and social security And then they still And also Just like you know I mean I've been here for years and you know this place definitely below But also I wanted you to if you can play that one bit What kind of like butterfly kisses do you never mind me, George? I'll be don't forget to play butter. I'll write it down. Yes Now one bit that you guys have on that that woman who takes her car to the mechanic and she gets a back in his a turd in the back seat Oh, I wonder if I brought that then just with me or not? Okay, I can find it. You got it. Yes. You got that dude. I my cousin's here I told him about it, but I don't remember the whole thing, but he he he probably die laughing if you got all that around for it Okay, that's cool ever great. Hey pal. All right. Thanks, boy. Yeah. See you pal. I don't know if I brought that with me or not What number more or less was it? Well, both look No, no you understand it was not there was on that Bob both disc that special this work of brown brownie See you you're you're dealing with stuff now you're a little bit over your out of your league man You're dabble in with stuff that you have it in counter. Yeah, you know if like you starting give me a lecture on SARS This is something that's a little bit out of your element so far, okay? Stick with us stuff. You know about the damn Jews and about the poor Palestinians Stick with us stuff about that smelly ass and then you'll be okay, but once you start venturing out of this other around Then you start treading on very very shaky ground Why still do machiques, you know, you know, and let me just give a little piece of advice all you people out there We think it's cute being fat when you do get diabetes and most of you will if you're fat in some of your kids Well, too, which is a disgrace you'll discover it's no goddamn fun being diabetic and one of the things I'm Miss being able to eat it not only just apostobus is my favorite, but pizza This business I have it a scrape off the toppings that takes away all the fun, you know Yeah It'll be like again a banana split and all you can eat is the sauce off the top you can't eat you can't eat you know what I mean And you can't even eat that but I'm just saying if that's what you could do who now wants that? So don't become diabetic lose the guy then wait stop picking out stuff shoveling that stuff in your post a walk And we're carrying that enormous gigantic puppet Brother just unbelievably sad and just tragic This is one of the great Nightmares of USA and nobody I mean you have a few people want to talk about it We get the obligatory story every month is a new story in a new statistic and people just gave shop London you see the thing with a sugar people. Oh, yeah, I never got around to talking about that story the sugar people are the evil people And the sugar people are getting ready to sue where do I want to do with that story? You gotta hear somewhere All right, so now you don't have to play any music. Okay. Oh, there's the horse meat debate That would be a way to get people on a diet just keep reading that every there's the thing about cheap channel What a bunch of lunatics they are here's that litter from Jim Lenson plantation. I say that There's Elvis was a diabetic you see and what would happen to him Elvis he's dead. I rest my case. He's dead Paint your a Easter eggs with a were blood. There's another thing Oh, from whitehouse.org There's that thing about miscruc Miscruc in the David Brock and those lovely flowers those pansies that Matt sent look at our firm Are you found it yeah, it was right there. Yeah, I knew I left it there. Well, let's Well, I don't know we'll put it in the next hour I'll try to start the next hour and then we'll do butterfly kisses and because I'm getting way behind here I and I can't find that stir about those damn sugar bastards, but those are the people are getting really pissed off Because more and more we're discovering that that hidden sugar in everything is what's killing people heart disease and Boy our clogged arteries and all these other things their point is that 25% of your diet can consist of sugar And you'll be just fine right Yeah, just take a syringe full of sugar and just stick it in your veins baby just take a sugar hit every day Yeah, I Said sugar hit Okay, I think I said that Just a second there. I thought I said the word that I said I had a dump myself on Wednesday by the way Big dump 1156 four minutes till noon so while I'll play the Nuna one intro and then you can play that you got it got it And we get the where we got the NFL graph how's our pull coming here? I know I'm sure that Be a 537 votes it's slow down a little bit we got to get the kick that thing up there We got to get to 700 by one o'clock to keep being a boy happy Which of these things do you care about the least? 537 votes harness racing 154 Georgia sex fantasies 114 Mohour David 76 Florida Marlins 55 Scott Lacy Peterson 53 stand in couple yos 43 the NFL draft it was the latest but it's already up to 16 votes Arbitron radio ratings 13 and politics 13 got it got it climb on it I'm talking about place you ought to climb your feet into an esprandy shozen pop at a beach what wonderful Folks these are give your friendly personal service They know your feet inside and out in this year brand is accelerating their 2050 in the shoe business in South Florida Well, I tell you we got we got we got halit body act 35 years we got brandy shoes 25 years and you're truly 27 years Which means a lot of us are getting old but number two somebody must be doing something right I know brandy is because they offer you an unbeatable great selection of top name brand men's and women's Famous shoes like rock ports echoers Mephistot Timberland cars SAS floor shine all the other top names And if you got little teeny tiny feet or big big fat ones They can handle it because they got men sizes 6 to 15 and women's five to 12 and they make sure and very narrow to very wide feet as well So you get a perfect fit every time from the professional sales holes at Brandy's you'll find them at 12 90 North federal highway in Pompano Beach open daily 99 even on Sundays 10 to five and as always A special going out brandies to save you even more cashier a week for example right now is a great time to shop at Brandy shoes As a select group of women's style naturalizers are on sale take 20 to 60 percent off So stop in a visit Brandy's on their website at Brandy's shoes.com And for our eeliano Russian lightning and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla as with soap made from yours and listening to the new Okay, I'm gonna need to hour Think of all this is T-Toy and I'm out here. I just picked up my 92 a call from your life and it is on Tuesday in the back seat I heard stirred yes And there's there's one in the back seat I'll turn up safer a big and human turn in the back seat of my call Bam, I assure you our guys did not take it dump in your car if you want to bring that car back and we'll take a look at it Okay, what would you like me to do? You're helping to local you can't talk about it Man, what would you like me to do to fix the situation? That's not gonna happen What is that going on? You can bring the car here and we can take a look at it I am, I'll bring it back there you know what I'm gonna do I'm gonna take the dump in every last call you got there I'm gonna peel your counter, I'll do it all Okay, you know how it feels I don't know what you feel like a big girl in May It probably came out your way Oh yeah, I don't make it to happen to go in and take it and dump in the car How much are you waiting? Uh, about 400 pounds That's your turn That's my turn Yeah, that came from 400 pounds man This is a 400-pound man Either that or gorilla Okay, I'm driving this car right to my lawyer's office And I'm gonna let the whole world see you gonna be on the news this evening, buddy I'm gonna get seven on my side Why? You're gonna be on the news Can you describe the The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The You Soul Our All B Oh my god. I'm way too fine to smile. I'm a pretty good boy. I love you, you're having fun. I'm a fair wheel too, don't you? All right, all right. How long does it look like it's been sitting there? Steve is coming all slow, okay? Steve is coming all slow? Yes. I'm going to be a pretty good boy. I am taking this as a fresh chair. Okay. What you need to do is you need to bring that chair back. And we'll match it up. We have a lineup. We'll match it up with the other chairs that we have. Well, what you need to do is learn how to use a pool. We say, and I can bring the chair back to me? No. You know what? Is this a sample? No. I'm starting to like it. I'm going to keep it as a fat. Well, keep it. Because it's a nice book. You know what? It's a nice conversation. Please. Okay, cool. Okay. Take thanks. Ah, that's a nice question. I hate you, Daddy. Daddy, you suck me. My short family. Did he hit? There's two things I know for sure. Daddy, you're a loser. She was sitting here from heaven. And she's died as little girl. I went back home in my pants. I think mommy cheated on you. I think mommy cheated on you. What the fuck is this? After bedtime, cring, sturd little wife, mom. You're all being burned. My husband and I'll be here. Oh, with all that I've done wrong. I must have done something wrong. Daddy, why don't you get a job? Daddy, you smell like beer. I'm dropping out of high school. Daddy, I'm pregnant. I don't know who the father of. After turn tricks for cash. I drove the car into a tree. Can you just send me some cigarettes? Hang out, Bon Appetit, for the brightening room. Daddy, I'm getting married again. Dad, that's my ass. I think I have siblings. I have to be what I'm thinking. Hey, pop, we're moving in. Dad, I have some news. I'm a lesbian. I'm ready to refax me this article about the sugar industry. You're threatens to scupper WHO. I've changed my mind after reading the first word. I love the sugar industry. I'm going to inject like four gallons of sugar into my veins. Sugar water right now. Just as a protest. Do you want to know why? Because of the whole SARS and Toronto connection. Because of the WHO. Oh, sucks. If you had any idea that they're saying right now is just watching here, which I said I'm hit that button. Sorry. But this is the effect here is worst in 9.11. There's nobody coming here. The hotel people, the hotels here are empty. You could chew to cannonball through them. The sugar industry in the US is threatening to bring the World Health Organization the WHO, who is knees by demanding that Congress end its funding in us to WHO. Scraps guidelines on healthy eating. This was Wednesday. Well, let's see. Yeah, yesterday. The threat is being described by who in scientists is 10 out of blackmail and worse than any pressure exerted by the tobacco lobby. Oh, right. I hope that brings their knees out. They scrape their knees. And let it, uh, Harlem, Brutland, the who general director, the sugar association says it will exercise every avenue available or expose the dubious nature of the WHO's report on diet and nutrition, including challenging its $46 million funding from the US. Aha. The industry is furious at the guidelines, which says that sugar should account for no more than 10% of a healthy diet. It claims that the review by international experts, which is, which is cited on the 10% limit of scientific and we flawed insisting that other evidence indicates that a quarter of our food and drinking can safely consist of sugar. They want 25% and the WHO, they 10% and as a matter of fact, if you go to the restaurant and eat more than 10% sugar, there's going to be some asshole from the WHO standard right next to you there and may end this he was being naughty and nice to measure it and your sugar too. And you're like that. But your fascists is what they are. They're that health fascists. They don't know a goddamn thing about health. They don't know a healthy person of a spit on him and I invite them all to do it. How's the pull coming? Meet it. I mean, that bean boy. 567 votes. We might make 700 to sorry. I think so. It'll be tough. But we can do it. Which of these things do you care about the least is our pool today? Our world famous pool. Let's see. Did the WHO over react to that's what they're asking on the city policy about I would like to see the results. Did they over react to Toronto's SARS problem? Yeah, they did. Yeah, over react. They're putting the dagger through our hearts, baby. It wasn't bad enough to leave Stump to Joy out on Tuesday and got their asses kicked right there and filtered off me. That wasn't bad enough. But they're right on the heels of that. I'm starting to wonder about this whole deal. You know it. Candidate not participating in the Iraq attack. Of course, almost nobody else did either. But nonetheless. And now all of a sudden. I mean, now we got the WHO. Stinking all over a joint. Harness racing 155. They care about that the least. Georgia's sex fantasies a strong second among 19. They are so tired of his desperation. In fact, I think they if the you might as well get the operation. All right. Little late now. Yeah. Mohour David at 78. Scott and Lacey Peterson 56. The Florida Marlins 55. They're like a Dmitl DePack. Come see. Come saw. And the couple else 45 NFL draft is moving up 21. They're moving on up to the east side. Arbitron radio waiting 15 and politics 13. So if you go from the bottom up, actually the NFL draft. But it got on their very late. We can't judge now. Because I know in the past we put that on the similar kind of a poll. The NFL draft they were puking from it. Right? Yeah. Of course. That was back in the days when we had people weren't just part of these sports nerd audience. They're probably all gone. 560 50 50 50 50 50 on the AT&T. And Verizon wireless line. WQAM. I'll deal. Yeah. Yeah. That could be it. No, no material. I will. I'll be in every now. WQAM. Deal. Yes sir. I know this world is going to hell in a hand basket. When vinyl six Uncle Chicken wax and a pit. That's just wrong. What the hell is this? I don't know something about chicken or crap in a pit. I don't know what he said. 560 50 50 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon wireless line. I have no idea what that was. He said what he was talking about. But it's something very articulate. That was probably what's the name. John Girus. Then sound like him. Sure. Why not? That was him. Oh line nine is ringing only for the second time. We never give that number out. I don't even know what the numbers don't tell me. Don't tell them. Line nine. Hello. I knew it. I did that. You just played the butterfly. It's a combination of funny and special. Yeah. Just like this call because you're chronic. That's a guy to call. That's why I was expecting. It's like he's got his own private line on the show. Oh right. Get a life brother. Get a life. Or just get a brother. Or better yet maybe get a sister and a brother. Have a three way. W to Q a M. You're straight. W to Q a M. Yeah. I wanted to talk to see either George George. You wanted to talk to see either George. I wanted to talk to you. Did George and Neil talk about. What are they going to see the next matrix movie? What are they going to make the next matrix movie? Do you see if they want to see you guys going to see the next matrix movie? No. I enjoyed you. No. Whatever the George. Is that smoking or what? He's not anybody. He hates it. Oh. Everyone there will be back. Sorry man. You crushed him. You mean man. He's going to be okay. He's going to be okay. He knows that you'll be the first one online. Matrix one. Matrix five. Matrix 100. He's driving to the bridge. You're on the time George is going to watch. That's right. So just relax. Don't go to the bridge. Don't jump. You're a young man. You have your whole life. You're going to do it too late. Like I said. He had his whole life behind him. 12 13 at 5 60 W Q M. I'll tell you a place where you can get a new attitude on life. And that is the pizza law. What a great combination. Fresh delicious incredible food. Giant portions and teeny tiny prices and great friendly service to an ice Informal atmosphere. What's not to like and Jeff don't even have the ponytail anymore. But here for a good close personal friend. I finally reformed after all the users and you know if you're going to run restaurants. It is so unapatizing. First of all, what was painted fingernails. Looks like hell. It looked like a freak and that pony tail. You know, I mean, people know the food is great. We've been talking about these guys forever. But the pony tail just leaves a certain unapatizing field. So do you understand what he's saying? I just it's a good move. He should cut it off. In fact, if he was smart, he wouldn't stop there. Face them what we're hearing about him. But anyway, the food is sensational. You'll love it. The portions like I tell you are fresh and delicious. Everything is cooked already. Won't get any rubbley spaghetti at the pizza law. The way I think else. They got four. They still do an amazement of pizza or not. I guess not. I did. Like I said, they got three great pizzas. They got your near style, your thick Sicilian and your. Fogazza pizza is spicy with onions and the special sauce. They got all kinds of, the type of dishes that you'll love. Chicken and veal seafood. They have calzone soup or subs. Every kind of pasta out of the sun. The most incredibly delicious. Drippy garlic rolls you've ever popped in your push. Two pizza law locations on University drive in daily between Griffin and 595 for delivery and take out a catering there called 954 9168880. It's right behind Perwood imports kitty corn of the new arm of the low cafe. 954 9168880 and the new pizza law location. The same great food and unbeatable deals is on a corner of Navajo and sunrise right behind Walgreens. It's a little hidden there but it's worth finding it because the food is just a sensation. 954 3A 299 is the number and plantation for take out for delivery. Whatever else you want to do in there. 954 3A 299 for the world famous pizza law. 954 3A 299 for the world famous pizza law. 954 3A 299 for the world famous pizza law. 954 3A 299 for the world famous pizza law. 954 3A 299 for the world famous pizza law. 954 3A 299 for the world famous pizza law. 954 3A 299 for the world famous pizza law. 954 3A 299 for the world famous pizza law. 954 3A 299 for the world famous pizza law. 954 3A 299 for the world famous pizza law. 954 3A 299 for the world famous pizza law. 954 3A 299 for the world famous pizza law. 954 3A 299 for the world famous pizza law. 954 3A 299 for the world famous pizza law. 954 3A 299 for the world famous pizza law. 954 3A 299 for the world famous pizza law. 954 3A 299 for the world famous pizza law. 954 3A 299 for the world famous pizza law. 954 3A 299 for the world famous pizza law. 954 3A 299 for the world famous pizza law. 954 3A 299 for the world famous pizza law. 954 3A 299 for the world famous pizza law. 954 3A 299 for the world famous pizza law. 954 3A 299 for the world famous pizza law. 954 3A 299 for the world famous pizza law. 954 3A 299 for the world famous pizza law. 954 6 prove historic religiouslike wealthier. 7 Singer 이것. 9 odpowett��요 22er 7 77 You should not argue about 400 times today and that's how good that bit is. Yeah. But third man. That's great. Anyway, they're getting a little carried away now. I played back to back request here, which I'll must never do, but that was my own fault. That was my bad. And a butterfly kisses for screwing around too long. But now Alex says, can you please play getting high song in the updog bit and or during the noon to one hour? No. No, sorry, Alex. Did we just play up dog yesterday during my man in the magnificent, uh, sometime during the show? Sure. Yes, we did. And the getting high is talking about the Afro-man again, right? And the one he's talking about, I don't think we're going to be playing any time again soon. You catch my drill. I understand. And you might pass me that disc. The one that you just found. I, and you can put the turret in there too if you like. They'll probably, they'll probably intercept it to customs and sniff it. Well, it's still steaming. Is it really? Yeah. And all this really Iraq or Aline reopening question mark. The Christian science monitor asks, nothing could be better designed to undermine the coalition's promise that Iraq's oil should benefit its own people than Israel's proclaimed wish to reopen along on use pipeline from Iraq's true cook oil fields to Israel's Mediterranean port of Haifa. This is an update on the start we had the two other stories earlier last week or two. Israel's national infrastructure minister Joseph Perrisky was quoted in a March 31st to our wets article saying that Israeli and Jordanian officials would soon meet to discuss reviving the line. Also by the British in the 1940s, the line crossed West from Iraq to Jordan to British ruled Palestine today's Israel. Upon the 1948 birth of Israel and the immediate eruption of war with Iraq, Jordan and other Arab neighbors forced its shutdown and the version of Iraqi all through a branch line to Syria. Arabs reacted with predictable fury to Mr. Perrisky's suggestion that the oil of a post who's saying Iraq could flow to the Jewish state to be consumed or marketed from there. Jordan's information minister instantly declared the story about Israel Jordan meetings the void of truth because Jordan's relations with Israel are now very cold. Chile. Despite the wishful thinking among President Bush's neoconservative and pro-Israel advisors, a post to say in Iraq is unlikely voluntarily to warm Mr. Shiron's government. Since 1948, Israel and Iraq have been implacable, foes, unlike Egypt, Jordan or Syria, Iraq has never been willing even to discuss at ourastas with Israel let alone a peace accord like those Israel signed with Egypt in Jordan. Despite some wishful mediation attempts by the US and other Western Venice interests during Sodom's presidency, when he was our puppet when he liked them a lot. Technically bad that has been a continuous state of war with Israel since 1948. Canola Al-Aqus in the North Korea. It sent armies to fight Israel in 1948 and 67 in the back of Syria's defense of Damascus in the October 73 war. It has supported several Palestinian guerilla and terrorist organizations and during the current Palestinian in Tefata who sent subsidized families of Palestinians who aside bombers to the back of his desk as we know is really officials have been rejoicing over the West-led war coalition's elimination of Iraq as a principal strategic foe of the Jewish state. Oh, nevertheless, the authoritative Cyprus oil journal Middle East economic survey Mies. Remember Ed Mies? Yep, as in Mieskide. Reports that the Washington Hawks may insist that the next Iraqi government rebuild the Kirkukai faoirline probably would major US firms. While Ed Kuduri, the Mieskide had explained that the idea actually involves building a whole new pipeline because the old one has been cannibalized and dismantled over the years, leaving no more than its old route traced on maps. This would at least have been in dollars more to post-war financial burdens. Of course, we know where that money would go. That's so ridiculous. Right. The idea is economically tempting for Israel and some of its friends, especially those who are in the same firm's right profit from such a project. Oil for Israel Miesk reports once high quality Kirkukai crewed for its high-for-refinery is really refinery's currently used Russian West African age-ifton other crude oils. Politically, the scheme is a potential bomb. Its implementation could ignite a new explosion in the chain of reactions to the West invasion in occupation of Iraq. Now beginning to revertway throughout the troubled Middle East. How do you like that in the Christian Science Monitor? No less. Huh? Yeah. Bush election arrived at the 109-11 memories. This is so sickening. And so transparent and so obvious, anti-the morons out there, the ditto heads, the masses are going to say, oh, that's great. You go, boy. The Republican Party is scheduled its 2004. This is from the UK Guardian. I should point out, not from your weekly leader in South Florida. The Republican Party is scheduled its 2004 convention unusually late in the year, so that the climactic moment would present Bush's re-election campaign begins. Well, nearly coincide with the third anniversary of the 911 attack according to report yesterday. The New York Convention in late August, early September next year will mark the formal launch of the re-election campaign, but unofficially the campaign is already started. With the war in Iraq, early over the presence begun holding rallies and key swing states. Central Ames become clear to bridge the gap between Mr. Bush's popularity as a wartime leader in the National Envivlin started domestic policies, a political chasm which the Democrats will seek to exploit. How's the market doing by the way today, George? I just mentioned that in passing. Since we're talking about the other aspect of what the climate about. Oh, no. The Dow's down 102 and the Asdex down 14. Oh, it's for feeling mighty low. I just again mentioned that only in passing. The guiding philosophy underlying the campaign is the avoidance of mistakes made by the president's papa, who won the 91-girls horrible, was voted out of office largely because he was due as unconcerned with the plight of the economy. It's the economy stupid. The strategy this time would be to focus on domestic economics and make sure the glow of victory and awareness of continuing peril do not fade. In New York, Mr. Bush, where the liver is keynoted, rest accepting the Republican nomination on September 2, just two months before the election and the latest acceptance in the party's 148 year history only nine days before the third anniversary of 9.11. September 2. The choices of venues for his postwar appearances has also been loaded with symbolism. He celebrated the liberation of Iraq and defended his task cuts at a Boeing jet fighter plant in Missouri last week. This week, he'll speak at a factory in Ohio and other swing state that builds the Abrams tank, which helped to win the Iraqi Warsaw rapidly, explicitly making the link between the Warren jobs. The U.S. economy has lost two million jobs since he took office. I just mentioned that in passing. 26. Passed noon at 5.60. You're waiting out there. You've got to know how valuable it is to keep in touch with your business associates during the day. As well as being connected with your family at all times. Don't postpone it another minute. Get done today. Just call wireless city. Your team of a authorized dealer called an out tool free at one triple eight, two two one eighty eighty and wireless city will deliver today. Write to your home or business a great new wireless phone ready for you to use. Wireless city a team of a authorized dealer can offer you service plans that are perfect for you and whatever you'll be needing like their new 39.99 plan would six hundred whenever minutes and unlimited weekends too. So call wireless city now. Two free. It's one triple eight, two two one eighty eighty. Call for the English you the new small size Nokia 3390. We've vibrating call alert and hands free. Just call one triple eight, two two one eighty eighty service agreement requires you printed materials authorized representative at wireless city for limited and complete details. Wireless city or team of a authorized dealer call one eight eight eight two two one eighty eighty. My and local here's sports radio five sixty two a two a a a a a a young. Young is too young. Now usually I don't do this but and your case being so beautiful. I'll make an exception. Now I got the game for you. It's not the game of blue. I own those shoots and ladders. Hello kitty or who the whoop it's something Mr. Kelly plays with a girl who's right around your age. It's not a link in a like. Shack more like a game of slap. Tap. Give a triangle to. Here the cargo baby. Before this game we explore. I'll have to undo my toys and get down on our floors. Young age your parents from Michigan to Spankby in this official. I'm a leave your body. All on the chuff in the kitchen. You need an okay to let me on. Just let me on. You're a pretty good. I'm about to have me some fun. Why some great stuff on the thing this week. Yeah. 1231 if I say so myself. George is going to agree because he already knows he's got Carlos Bina board hovering over his carcass there. He knows here are all the stories about your performance to which he will be in a boy. Not full in anybody. Since 17 votes on a poll which of these things do you care about the least. I think we got a shot at 700. We got a half an hour for 83 more. Do you think that's possible? I'm going to go around to other computers in the studio. Which of these things do you care about the least? Harness racing 179. I'll bet to the late Lou Williams is upset about that. And Georgey Williams do. And Clarence A. Out in Jerry vanfield. And Wayne Temple. George is six fantasies. 126. Enough already with the ass. Moh Howard David is 81. Florida Marlon 65. They're moving on up. The East Side and hopefully a do East. Far. Scott and Lacey Peterson 62 right in the middle of their middle. Stanley Cup playoffs 47 NFL draft is out of Web to 27. It's zoomed up there. Arbitron radio ratings only 16 and politics only 14. How do you like them apples huh? So you look from the bottom up. So they're obviously concerned about those radio ratings and naturally we've nurtured that concern. 618 only one more vote while I was talking. And that's not going to do it. That's not going to cut it. These people just you know when you need them most well they'll find out tomorrow. They're there when we need them the most the most important thing. That's what we accounts all of us just window dressing like a game of roulette tomorrow. That's right. All depending on where they fell. What's your take folks who's going to take the pipe tomorrow and who's going to come out with shining colors when those ratings come out for our Arbitron and Bellsville Maryland at 11 3 tomorrow. Let's see if Arbitron comes out with another bogus story. I can do that crap that report they had about the American public that survey they took. The American public is happy with a radio as a lesson because they're sucking up to the people are third channel because they got 1240 stations and they're their biggest subscriber who are you people kid that Arbitron you better have some real serious numbers tomorrow. Okay and don't be thrown at a safe point minus tomorrow because you didn't fool us in December. You didn't fool us in January and then they try to make up for it and February. You know how you're always talking. They try to compensate right they're always. Yeah. After I ripped them and asked I think we're going to have the FBI dig tracing all the other digs on your ass if we don't get a real serious book tomorrow. Are you guys in Bellsville? I think they've been talking to Tom Jickett too much. Of course you know what I think about local radio anymore because you don't want to radio. Had a pawn as radio and sell one of his kids. Well, times are tough at the hero. Then should we be that article a few weeks ago? Right. That bleeding hard article. Well, times are tough. We don't have anybody here that works here. That's right. He's at this come sental. Same difference. What an embarrassing piece of crap that was. I got a right to the hair was it Jim the feedy? Jim the feed self the feed is about the well. You know, we can't pay anybody and we suck now. We used to be great, but you know, that's where it is. That was one of the most embarrassing. Even though it was very honest, pieces of trash that ever been put in a major newspaper. And I use the term major newspaper loosely to speak into the hero. Referring to the pennies to criticism on Tom Paine dot com refer to the pennies Supreme Court case on Texas is so called homosexual conduct law. Pennsylvania said it or Republican rich San Torms said in the AP interview. If the Supreme Court says that you have the right to consensual gay sex within your home, then you have the right to dig a meet. You have the right to plug a meet. You have the right to insist. You have the right to adultery. All right. You have the right to anything later in the interview, San Torms said it all comes from I would argue that this right of privacy that doesn't exist in my opinion in the United States Constitution, whether it's polygamy, whether it's adultery, where it's soldeming all of those things are antithetical to a healthy stable, traditional family. Senator Rick San Torms remarks comparing the protection of Americans' privacy in the room homes to protecting bigumian insets, can as a disappointment, but sadly not as a surprise. In terms of record demonstrates a history of hostility toward equal rights for all Americans, and that hostility is reflected in the attitudes of the Republican Party leaders and many of the judicial nominees of President Bush. San Torms missed an opportunity to apologize for these insensitive comments. Instead, he claimed that his comments were in keeping with his belief that everyone is equal under the Constitution. It is evident from his record that this is not the case. The White House and San Torms colleagues in the GOP leadership also chose to maintain their silence on San Torms' attack on equal rights. They should repudiate his comments that a firm and inclusive vision of America were privacy and equal rights are guaranteed for all. Since 2001, San Torms were the president's blessing, as work to include language specifically authorizing discrimination into a piece of so-called faith-based legislation. San Torms previously admitted that he wanted to allow religious organizations to be able to take public funds, but still discriminate against gay people. Fortunately, despite San Torms' position as third-high-ranking Republican and the Senate leadership, he was forced to remove his divisive provisions from the final version of the Senate. San Torms' record closely matches that of other far-right ideologues, Alabama, Attorney General William Prior, who's one of President Bush's troubling federal appeal-scored nominees, is his state's amicus Kuryi brief. In his state's amicus Kuryi brief to the Supreme Court in the Texas case, he equated the right of gay Americans to engage in consensual sex within their own homes to activities like prostitution, adultery, necrophilia, bisobistiality, positionatechial pornography, even insistent pedophilia. The comments of San Torms' spokesperson that he has no problem with gay lesbian bisobistial or transgender individuals, rings hollow. San Torms' describes gay people as a threat to healthy families. His record supporting discrimination through charitable choice legislation and his opposition to hate crimes legislation, demonstrated said that San Torms' beliefs-gay Americans don't deserve full equality with other Americans. The silence from the White House and Republican Party leaders about Senator San Torms' comments combined with Bush's troubling judicial nominees and his executive order supporting discriminatory, harming and religious institutions all point to the high stakes in the summers likely battle for the future of these Supreme Court. Will the next justice support privacy and equal rights for all or will these and other freedoms be restricted for generations to come? Ask Ralph Nees, president of People for the American Way in a column in Tompane.com. Ritz and Torms' man, how do you like that, huh? He's the homophobic chief, the HIC. Well, it's speaking of the administration and the group post-personal friends. American troops arrested fighters of Ahmed Chilabi's US-backed, Iraqi National Congress yesterday after they were found looting abandoned homes of former members of Sada Mourjeev, where Jeans who sang. Fid is that the group of encovered, Peter Lee while looting homes in an unclean bag dead, remembers of Sada M's bath party lives at US Army Sergeant Rice, I think, is a civil soda floor. Yesterday soldiers from A company, third batted in 7th Infantry Regiment detained forces-pected looters, graced in the group's desert camouflage uniforms and carrying rocket propelled grenades, the Ivings said the men who didn't speak English were taken away prisoner board attention center. These are from Ahmed Chilabi, which would be no surprise since he was a criminal in Jordan anyway. He was an embezzler and that's one of the people we send there to be the leader. He would be an interacter for 40 years, but he never sold a freight train. His people are trying to steal everything else that ain't in the L-down. Good to see that we're really above board on all these things, you know? Yeah. Got that Iraqi art that's showing up in the US, the box engineer that smuggled a whole bunch of crap back here. I bet your clumber bush would be proud of him. You think he declared it at customs? Yeah, I wonder if he paid duty on it, huh? Maybe just duty on it after they got nailed him. Probably duty a lot after that. 639 votes. What do you think being a robber got 61 to go before one o'clock to get to 700 the magic at 640? 60 to go in 20 one or two minutes. Gonna have to really? Huh? Two per minute. It's doable. It's doable, baby. I have no idea why I ordered that. I don't really care what the total is. Because we're getting this spectacular response on our websites and Carlos came in and salvaged a dying, grotesque embarrassing website. I really made it into something we can be proud of as opposed to the grotesque embarrassing thing we had before that was ancient and outdated and just a lazy S. piece of garbage. Hey, I'll tell you what if you were lazy S and you're big and fat. Here's a place to learn George tremendously. The Emerald Coast Chinese buffet is the following ring in Carlos. I'm not the number one Chinese buffet in the world with three great South Florida locations. They're in sunrise north by Mv. and there are no September pines location for you. When you got a real healthy appetite, when you want to go out for an inexpensive but a very big, delicious feast, the Emerald Coast is the place. Six different kinds of great soups. Zedians are suckling on trees. I've never actually counted myself, but I guarantee you. I've heard him man. Probably lots more than that. Oriental Surf and Turf on a weekends in your strip made order in their gourmet center. That's a sizzling Asian grill of reaching Terriaki steak, shrimp, chicken seafood, handcar per member. Let me say the uncooked the order the way you like it on her dog. The Emerald Coast will never give you a headache because they don't use any crap when they cook all that great stuff. No MSG, no cornstarchs and they cook only with cholesterol free oils. They feature a full salad bar, new sushi bar and fresh shrimp cocktail and spigot of lobsters. Emerald Coast famous lobster fest is back featuring lobster thermometers and lobster bisc. And if you have any room, I always warn you bring a crowbar and then stuff it in your pants and open up a little extra room for some of the goodies from the dessert bar. Because what a dessert bar it is featuring pines and cakes, pastries, ice cream and all your favorite toppings, fresh fruit, they even be having watermelon all the time too. Emerald Coast in sunrise, Pine Island of 44th. On Collins Avenue, just north of 163 to north Miami Beach and at the intersection of Bengal and Pembroke groans in, Pembroke pines, except for reservations, take out and delivery available as well call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. Tell Richard at the Emerald Coast in sunrise, better luck for the least next year. OK Richard, don't feel too bad, but it was gross. 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22 for the world famous the outstanding unbeatable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. And look all, this is for reveal 5-6-2-8-2-8-2-8-1. Wait, morning show for thin skin. I wouldn't believe a word in the deal said if the tongue was not right. No, a statement from my ranky dictators, Adam Hussein. OK, pa-sa, hey, I'm Marxani, I'm brave. I want to let you know. I am still alive. I do have a bad sunburn. I'm my shoulders. On my poop poop. And my pelvis region. I was laying out, I might scooby to blanket. One of the banks of the Euphrates. I forgot my sunblock. Oh, well. This is a personal message to America. Knock it off. Knock it off, huh? No for it. Enough already. I had to appear amongst my people and let them touch me. I hate when they touch me. Most of these people only cheer me because they know if they don't. I've gone medieval on their ass. I wouldn't do that. That's my steam like a strange request. No, no, no, no. I can't get my polish and bagged. No, no, no, no. Do you think you could let me get in there? Like 90 minutes. So I can get some of my stuff. I have an extensive music collection that dates back to Sam the Shaman of Pharaohs. Flood plush. I really want to get my hands on my original copy of the moment. My Asia. And my cast Stephen. Greatest hits. They tracked it. They've been sent to much trouble. Could you run into my bedroom for me? And my top dresser drawer. Left side. On the other hand, all man underpants. I got another thing with an extension cord. That looks like a leaf of spinach. Don't get rid of that. If you could, would it leave it back in a small cardboard box? I'd appreciate it. Oh, by the way. No, no, no. I like the no bachelor. He seems like a sensitive carrying young man. Okay, bye. Bye. Prop 46 at 560. I'm thinking we're going to make it, be in a boy. Have 555 votes and we got 14 minutes to go, huh? Have faith. Oh, I'm going to take a few. Well, like I said, 43 more to go in 14 minutes. It says, well, like three, a little over three a minute. I'm thinking I'm going to make it to 700. Which of these things do you care about the least on your Rogers dot com. Come on. You can be among the grades and put us over 700 votes during the show. Which we've done better than that before, but nevertheless, B. and boys ego depends on it. In fact, definitely just turn them down to that if you don't get with it. Hardness racing 194. I say, turn them down or turn them around. One night before. They don't want to hear about that stuff. Sorry, Bruce Ranger. Sorry, Wally. Georgia's sex fantasies 131. Well, how are dividend 83? Florida, Marlon 72. Scott, Lacey Peterson 64. Stanley, Cappell, Austin 51. NFL, Graft 30. About 30. Arbitron radio waiting 17. Politics 15. Let me just refresh it one more time real quick. It's refreshing. 60. So we got 13 nuts and four days like just a hair just a little twisted curly hair over three votes a minute. We can do that. Sure. Here's a facts from Chris who says I could definitely do without hearing Paul and young Ryan. And he says, I'm not sure if he's going to be a little bit more about his lame ass closing for their lame ass fing show. Since Paul steals everything else from you show can do the same with his exit from the earways. Paul should be ashamed of himself for playing Hogan's heroes drop in. My message for fat Paul is to exit from the fing ear forever. Have a nice day. Chris, well, Chris, you are. I'm so happy to record. Pretty lame man. Of course, George likes that show. Yeah. What, Hogan's here in your material back over again. Now, I do a hate stretch. I like Hogan's heroes. I like the young. And let me ask you this. 560, 70560, pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. We have just about successfully butchered out. I mean, Killa four hours here today. There's no big problem here in Toronto. Come ahead. Have no fear whatsoever. This is all this. Blowny the W8. Oh, it should only rotten hell or wicked. I think I've 20 countries now. That's another people there. There's nobody croaked in the streets. Nobody walking around with the surgical mask. The only one we see with surgical mask is Greg Reed. And everything is fine. Just fine. All we're fine. Right. But the, like I said, we came out the forecas. We're just building up toward tomorrow 1130. And these people obviously only 17 people said the least thing is the, It's second last on the list next to politics. So they're just dying to find out how we came out. And tomorrow morning 1130, you'll find out. And of course with us whether they're good or bad or in between. Whatever it is, we lay them right out there for you. We don't lie. We don't make them up. We don't try to like pretend well. If the moon would have been in your rain. I'll see you know, whatever it is it is. I'll why we'll say this. W to Q a m. Yeah, Dean and sunrise. Yes, sir. Let's go to sunrise, hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah. I just moved down here and kind of might tell me about this thing with Mickey Mouse. What's that Mickey Mouse thing? I just moved down here from Tennessee. You didn't, you're not from Tennessee. I swear to God. I moved here for five years. I moved up there. I came back and I started with the, What's the thing with the Mickey Mouse? I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, Well, what do you mean what's this thing with Mickey Mouse? I have one thing for you to respond to them. Every time they say, I swear come to get a life. All right. Good luck, you, Ali. Okay. Don't unpack. If I would anybody come back to suffer. Well, he wasn't Tennessee. I guess that's a place. And he's, and the people of work are obsessed with it. I swear. So all over time, people are either obsessed with that or, but, I'm turning man. One of the other, that's one great keeps him up up up up up. You know, of course, with him, it doesn't take much. Let's see. We got a shot, 678. We first had maybe one more time. We got 11 minutes in counting. Let me, oh yeah. I think we're, we're picking up some steam. I'll be in a boy. Told you. Have faith. Six, 84. Oh, we're going to make it. We only got 16 votes to go to seven. We got 10 minutes for that. Oh, my God. I told you. No sweat. Did that tell you that? You have a little faith. Of course. I said on this highly rated, very popular show. That used to be pretty good once upon a time. Many years ago when it was on a real radio station. And we still only had one guy to call about the, about the ID tape we played before. Is that incredible or what? That's incredible. I thought that was pretty interesting stuff. But, but the other way, no. You know, like I said before, don't question these people. They got their water agenda. They're running their own time-hable life. Nothing we can do where say is going to bring them back to. Unless maybe it's got to do it. I know. That might do it. That might turn them around. A lot of people turn a lot of other people around. Don't do it again, Carlos. Don't let the muff, let you share it against the wall again. Uh-huh. In addition to which, he's just a paper tiger now anyway. Tony, the paper tiger. He's just a paper tiger. Now we've got a real program director, Clarence Dero. Anybody seen him lately? It's on this morning. Oh and guess what? What? Tomorrow is not only the day for the ratings, but tomorrow's the 25th. Payday for you. So I sure hope my check has been nailed already before they see the numbers. If it catch my drift. So always good IDP, you pay check first. Before the book comes out they might kind of re-evaluate things. You know what I'm saying, Mo? You get it? Uh-huh. Good. Well you talk about it. You got that steal on the check. 1252 at 560 WQA. I'm headless and if you're at a dead end job, I'd a great segue. Thank you. And if you're working for peanuts like poor little beaner boy and Aaron George, here's the answer for it. Get you a new high-pain computer job from the people who can do it. And just for short months, fast train. That's right. There's no excuse anymore because fast train has locations for all over town. They're in Miami. They're in Kindle, Pemmer Pines for a Loverdale and. So there's about to be one nearby you. They've also got convenient day eating and we can classes too. You can check them out on the web at fast train.com. But whatever you do, get out of your dead end job. There's no sense of working for peanuts when you get some training and just four short months like I said and be on a road to a high-pain computer job and get a big fat paycheck. Once or twice or whatever, how do you get paid? Register at fast train.com and receive your free American flag bumper sticker as well. When you call these folks, be sure to mention Todd Rekk. And with the just a matter of moments, you'll hear his sterical laughter on the other end and the dial tone follower very soon. Call fast train to day toll free. One eight six six fast train. Eight six six fast train. My life and low. This is for 3.05. Six. You way away. And way. On your screen. I got six 99. The next vote. The next vote will put us at 700 votes during the show today, which could be a Rekk. I don't think it is. But nevertheless Carlos is pretty impressed. Is he just refreshed? Yeah. I'm refreshing it manually. Oh my god. He's handling it manually. We got it. There is a ride. Oh god. M-TV presents nine inch nails unplugged. I want to fuck you like an animal. Damn it. It's six now. I've come. This isn't working. Ah. She threatened you not to over my bonge. Nine inch nails unplugged. Only an empty VV. Oh. One son, one son. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. Oh. Oh. We got it. We got it. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I am the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the One who will will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the other one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be The one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will Oh, there's a great crowd. Oh, there's a great crowd. Oh, there's a great crowd. Oh, there's a great crowd. Oh, there's a great crowd. Oh, there's a great crowd. Oh, there's a great crowd. Oh, there's a great crowd. Oh, there's a great crowd. You understand the stuff all keeps track of everyone. Oh- there's a great crowd. I feel back,otonker, I feel back, I'm not gonna die. I'm gonna die. I'm gonna die. I'm gonna die. I'm gonna die. I'm gonna die. I'm gonna die. I'm gonna die. I'm gonna die. Oh! You might mention my name's Rice Master Gary. Bye bye! The new Wester Show. I'm Christy. The new Vuea. My name is Fort Lawrence. I just made you in here.