This is your Attorney General and Preveiro Dieson, Seen Sensable Shoes, John Ashcroft. Legalization of marijuana is on the rise around the world, like England, Canada, but those are just the farmers. We can't let that happen here. The greatest freeest and most arrogant country in the world. While legalization of marijuana would cause unemployment to rise by dismantling of the D-E-A task force and would take food from the mouths of baby politicians. So stick with alcohol. That's fine. And cover up their naked statues, will you? I have a mother complex. And that bothers me. And get your feet off my nice clean floor. This message paid for by citizens against� in America. He is a mother, make no mistake about that. So what do you like, George? Jets, Raiders, and you like. What about Rich Cursey's feet? Anyway, we took this poll yesterday, which kind of surprised me. How is the 23 votes not to shabby, man? Not to shabby, bar, we in a good mood to know what, at least I am. You already got your stub. Yeah, I'm playing with it now. George, already got his stub. Now what about Carlos? Are they paying you like with a paper checker? Are you like a director-possent? Paper check. Alright, let's hear it. Two out of three of us getting a paper check today, so we're waiting eagerly to see our close best personal friend Clarence. Not that we don't ordinarily like Clarence. He's okay for gotta can't get laid. And as a penis like a butterfly, but nevertheless, we're waiting for the post-paper checks today. We saw muffs, stickers head in the door, which is always nice to see him, but he don't give the checks out anymore. So as much as we like seeing him, he's small potatoes. Thousands and 23 votes on a 40s today, over the years who's been the worst chronic on the old show. Oh, look at this. Well, I can't see it. When I put it out, I don't want to look at it again, because it keeps changing. You might have con guy, you know, that's big might have gone. That guy who calls about 40, 50 times a week. Me, a beat everybody else saw, came from behind 171 votes. I'm really shocked and pleased, but shocked that Dennis did professional Catholic came in second with 150 votes. You're right. Their audience is not a use, we don't. Okay. And that's just us. And by the way, Dennis, how come you won't speak to anybody who disagrees with you? Greg from Porté Lucy, now there are many of these votes were a faulty, but as well deserved. I think I did the right thing by him, don't you? Absolutely. I understand that the olive branch of your friendship, I said if you just won a fax today, your faxes are excellent, your calls suck and seeing you makes me want to throw up, but a fax today keeps the angry, angryness away or something like that. How's that go? So yesterday, he sent us an excellent fax to start, and he wasn't doing all that well on the pool. I think he did it on purpose. Don't you? Because he's in denial, but the fact that he moved all the way up to third with 137 votes, I think he's squeezing it right now if he could find it. His wife said, you know, she can't find it. He has a wife. Yeah, he has a wife. You know, well, he said in that one fax, he said Greg, he said Andy and I are married. Now he didn't realize it was a move to each other. We're happily married and we're doing just fine. Who's the man? Gilbert, well, that's not the answer to question because that's certainly his life. Oh, brother, do you think Gilbert has a penis? I really doubt it. Maybe just like a nob. He went Gilbert as got 130, he's in fourth place. See, the interesting thing about the pool is that the more recent cronics are obviously get a lot more votes, like they might have gone because he never stops. He's always there. And Dennis, who's just covering the universe with a blanket with his professional homophobia and Catholicism. Greg from Porté Lucy was like small potatoes until he facks three times yesterday and moved way up on the list and well deserved three times of one day, Greg. Get with it. This is absolutely. Especially after I played the voicemail yesterday and he's still only got 130. He's always back to IOD, by the way, not that a lot of these other people don't. Eddie does? Sure, he was calling Rick and Sud's first. Oh, no. Yeah. We don't want no left over shr. Rick and Sud's. Uh, except that. Paul Harvey Jr. 48. He was a late edition, but he's small potatoes. Andy from Hollywood only had 39. I'll tell you one thing, Andy. You can't even lick Greg's ass. You're not in the same category. Greg 137 Andy from Hollywood only 39. Talk about small potatoes. Oh, man. I pretend to be a wannabe chronic. What he 28 now, there's a guy I voted for what he should have a lot more votes. Yes. And then talk about going back to IOD, I think he goes all the way back to before I came to town. A staple. Oh, and then they had packs and then he actually drove up. I was driving out out of that service road there. What have you been howling thing is? And it comes to car and he stops. They'll, yeah, I rolled on my window. It's what he. Now see, at that time, if I would have been prepared. The guy with the eyes has got 26 pretty good since Ken, we haven't heard from Ken in a long time. Since he got that Greg from Portse, Lucy blow up to all. Mitch from the video store video waves 24 and echoes back five years once we finally got rid of him, which wasn't easy. He just vanished. Thank the Lord. And he was also part of that whole little circle. He still has to. See, one thing that needs to know when it comes to these chronics is that they actually had like a little fraternity. You could call it a little circle jerk. And they were like, uh, like hanging out together. I don't know if I ever told you. Please, but Mr. G wants upon a time. Yeah. And invited me to go to Denny's with him and Gilbert and the guy with the eye. Now who's going to buy? Gilbert, I guess he's loaded. He is, I just, I was hysterical to me. Mitch from video waves 24 blind Michael in 17. My, my, my, that's a pretty weak number for a rub. But we have a nerd for Mike Lansson a long time. Don't call him blind Mike by the way, George. It's my, like, it's sightless. Wasn't a Walter Lansson. Did he, what he would, what he would picker? Ted. Yo, see you go from WKAT and come out with how seven votes. Todd would choose Steve would seven and Mr. G in last place with six. How Apple appropriate is that, huh? He's going to be real upset about that up in Wisconsin. Is he up in Wisconsin? But I'm sure he's listening on the internet right now, Mr. G in between. Haven't a rip-storten good time. Yeah, he's got a cold. He's got a little cold. Kind of like Hank's got a cold boy. That thing, did you hear any of that yesterday from the Bahamas? Now, I get in my car to go to the pizza loft to meet Rimmer. And let me tell you again, you're not getting that free lunch from Rimmer because what a cost him to buy that new house. He can't afford to buy you lunch. Man, seriously, you ought to see that house. And guess who lives in the same complex, Chris Chambers lives in there? Eddie Jones from the dolphins lives a, we are, as we were driving out to a pizza loft. He's giving me the to, oh, this one lives over here. And that's why that's why they got the biggest expensive house because important people live in there. Not that they need that. For people who can do it in the office. People don't need a 75,000 square foot house. But because all these other important people live in there, that's why he's there. So I reminded him that his neighbor and coral springs used to be mature. So what does that tell you? So notice him that your life is going to get a lot better because you got important neighbors, Rimmer, okay? He could do starts wars in the L season. What do you mean could? That was the first one yesterday. Was I impressed? No, nice house though. Good luck, you remember. You'll need it. Here's our pool today. Who is the luckiest person on the face of the earth? Most success, least talent. I like this pool. On way to the hear this thing that I found. Thanks to CNN of all people. CNN is usually pretty dry, right? Where the hell is it if I can find it? Where the hell is it? Like I said, wait till you hear it, it might not be today. I'll find it here somewhere. Say a website called am iaggravatingamisumthin.com. I can't find it. Like I said, you'll hear it one of these days on the show. Well, I have so much crap here. You know, that's the way it is. I sure I'm sure I'm most happy to hear somewhere. Don't I? Carlos? So think it's on the website. No, I got it. Here it is. The website is amyanoing.com. Am I annoying? But I'm not, I'm small potatoes. And it's a website where they have they specialize in people, bitchin about annoying people. Which is not the same as our other pool today, but I just mentioned this in passing. By the way, you'll also be pleased to know that we have a great show today because there are no spots. The whole station is void of spots that it which is probably why they sales department is in that seminar in Hollywood where the railions were. I think it's appropriate also that the railions were in that building first and our sales department is there. Especially PD Lenny and didn't I say to you this morning before you told me about the seminar? Did I say that PD Lenny is definitely a railion? That he's out of this world? Yes, he's definitely not of this planet. There is no question about that. Well, leather push. Is it the sun? Is that what makes people like that? How can he not have skin cancer been? Maybe he does. No, seriously, how can you have leather skin? Weathered from the heat from the sun and the heat and all of the other, all these things. And not to, I still be alive. I don't understand it. It works for Ryan Diaz. The cigarster Indian. He was an Indian, that was natural. Don't be picking on them and be like putting a hand over to your mouth and pull on the pins. I've never seen a man. Most, at least in all your 2002, let me just give you a clone a lot of these people when we get to this eventually. Since we have those spots, we got a lot of time to do stuff. And we'll take a call or two here and there if we ever get any. See, I have a whole new attitude about that. I'm doing what I want to do and I'll have some stuff on my, mostly, you know, our own, our stuff. And then if we get some calls fine, if not, who cares? You know, because they suck anyway. It's part of my delusional thing and it has to do with my being here again. I come back here in our take. Okay, something has changed. Nothing has changed. The people there for the last 27 years never had anything to say. Have they got anything to say now? No, of course not. They've got anything to say about anything. Other than J, J, J, J, J, J, J, J, J, J, J, J, J, J, but I'm glad you hear that Moan Gelly Boat like Rich Garcia's feet. I'm very excited about that. Because those people with the foot fetish, watch out for him. So guess who's number one of the most annoying was down this website, amyanoing.com. Martha Stewart. And that's on promise. Oh yeah, at least annoying. They also have the 100 least annoying. And I have no idea who she is. Misha or if it's even a she. I'm sure it is. Misha Barton. Who? Who is that? Now I could go back to the website and find out, but I'm not going to do that. In fact, I don't know who any of these, uh, menu will. Here's our poll today. Let's get right to it, baby. Let's not waste any time. Who's the luckiest person on the face of the earth. Most success. Least talent. Here's the list. Oprah. Larry King. Tommy Fistados. Bill Gates. I know who you're voting for. Readjust Philbin. Jerry Springer. George W. Bush. Slice the loan. Worth Griffin. Tom Brokha. Barbara Walters. Madonna. M&M. Our Bruce Springsteen. I think that's a sense. And those are all mine. Time to accept Bill Gates was yours. This is all that Barbara Walters and Oprah are contenders. Yeah. I thought you vote for Bill Gates. That was your choice. Yeah. Until you've got to Barbara Walters. Oh. And what about what about, what about, Murf Griffin? He doesn't have a speech defect. But you have any idea how much money he's got. He's a multi-billionaire. I understand that. I mean, I mean, I mean, he did. Right. Did concoct someone was Quishos. Indeed. Mine, but a jeopardy is a matter of fact. Jeopardy? Squeel of fortune. Right. So at least he had some ideas and he doesn't have a speech defect. OK. So in the original, I'm going to be voting for Murf. Yeah. Well, we'll see how the audience does with it. I think it's a magnificent pool. Oh, we got a call coming in. WQAM. Are you crazy? It's Hugh F. Nerd. He's got no talent. He came in. What are you talking about? He was the first innovator with a kind of a... He's a good magazine. He was a genius. Well, I don't know about his talent. He may have had good businessmen. And I guarantee you got legal. I was successful. Thank you, Terri. I don't know who can't get legal at all. Much less to lots is giving my check. That's going to cause. In fact, I don't have something. I think we ought to get current slave this weekend. Call up a hooker or something. Get your connections and treasure around because Terri's just hand to me, my check. What about Carlos's check? Ha ha! Look at his sitting there like this with his hands. I like a little puppy. Look at that. Come on. Let's get Carlos a couple of bucks. Yeah, what did he say? He said you're not getting paid this week. The company can't afford it. They brought me my check as I'm important, but he said you're really small potatoes. That's what he said. And I think he had an excellent point. Did that guy say Hugh Heffner? I mean, if there are legitimate suggestions that I left off with it, but I thought as usual, I put together a damn neat pull. I can tell. He's talented, but he was a freaking genius to come on. Yes, I'm sad. That's the sea that's talent. Just because he doesn't play the piano or the skin flutter something like that. I mean, that does that. Well, no, that's how Goldstein. But anyway, in fact, maybe he should have been on the list. No, he was an innovator. He had some big ball before he took before we came. Totally back down. I'm funny. Anyway, I think it's a good list. If you got some additions, that's fine. We'll consider them Eric would be delighted to put them on her because he's got nothing but time these days. He's got all the time in a world up there. What would you laugh about? He's got plenty of time on his hands. Listen, if he was talking about we configuring, whatever he was talking about, then he's got time to dittle with this. And he'd be delighted to do it, by the way, because he's in a very good mood. I just made that up. No, he is. He's probably in it. What? Since we stopped with all that infighting between the computer geniuses he's feeling a lot better up there. And since I stopped hearing from him, I feel much better. Don't call me Eric. Appreciate all your fine efforts in our behalf. Ah, and I see, you blend in Iowa. Talk about one dimensional Glenn. I love you. You're a real lawyer. Listen, you sent us a lot of good facts. What about Mo? See, this is one of our pools. Now, there are a lot of our pools that he belongs on and has been on and done very well and most of them. But we're talking about he talk about small potatoes. He and I are not, are we in a league with these people that comes to money and the, oh no. We're talking about people are known all around the world who are making millions and millions of dollars who have minimal to no town whatsoever. I'll tell you another one, although she's dead. I guess it's not appropriate to put dead people on her. Princess die would have been a good one. Huh? Don't you think? Sure. But see, we could put the queen on there too. They're pikers because they're bored into it. No, they're not pikers. Well, Princess die. I mean, she had all that money and everything. Yeah. Well, how about the queen? You don't think she's got a couple of bucks? Yeah. Do you think that when she went to meet the, now, see, she did go. Remember, it was the last year and the year before she was like trying to reach out to the people. This is like after the first scandals were blown out. And she was making the turnt she went into McDonald's. But the one thing they made sure we found out was that she did not eat there. Which is probably why she's still alive. Probably why she's still alive the bitchy old queen. They should probably go to Burger King. I thought the best part of Kitty Kelly's book the world was the fact that Prince Philip couldn't get her ass out of his beds because they have separate rooms you do understand. But she kept showing up in his bed because she liked it in late. She liked that wicked worm man. The queen. Now, somehow, and the queen mom. Oh, can you imagine anybody? Oh, please, though. Well, she did. She did. She's safe. In fact, maybe, maybe this weekend we can pick clear and stuff with the queen mom. Huh? I was going to do an bishop, but somebody of scum that I think Sandy took off with her body. She was afraid that Dwight would keep looking at nasty crack. But at any rate. Yeah, maybe we can get parents. Because you got to start out slow. The concept that we're going to get him laid with somebody alive. I think is getting a little bit carried away, don't you? But like somebody who can't run away. Huh? He could come down to the nice treasure island appearance. I'll make some introductions. Yeah. No, and the introductions isn't going to get the job done. Just do your usual thing and bring a lot of drugs and booze and get somebody really get to get her plastic out of her skull. And then maybe maybe there might be a chance. I feel doesn't bite her. I understand that. Why is he why can't he get laid? He's not he's not the worst looking guy I've ever seen. He's not a good looking guy. That's for damn sure. But he's not the worst looking guy in his building. Bad luck. Is it bad luck? I guess that's what? Tiny penis bad luck. Bad technique like that sucking on the armpit. Whatever it is, he was doing with that one chick. Just any better. Look, see Carlos is looking at me like I'm making this up. That's a true story. And the rumor was that she was a knockout that she was really hot. And he was like, like, uh, Brighton around the elbow or something. I don't know. Well, maybe he thought it was something else. You know, he hasn't had a lot of experience. So maybe he thought that that was the spot. The good spot as in the G spot. Well, we'll get him straight now. Thanks again for the check clearance. Love you in a sub part of the building. And all of Carlos hates you like poisoned. Did he say he was going to bring your check? He did not? What, what, what, what, what does that mean? What does that mean? He told him another five days. No, he didn't. Did he really? Yeah, he did. Well, what does that mean another five days? Based on what? Today's payday? I think it might be a joke. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. You think it might be a joke? Don't you know where we work? I don't know. I don't think it's a joke, Carlos. So listen, I'll tell you. Maybe the audience can bring you by some food over the weekend. Drafts and stuff off for us and supplies. 1918 is 5 to 60 WQAM. Ha ha ha yeah. Currents just open the door. He's explaining the Carlos that the company can't afford to pay those big bucks. What was he getting paid today or not? He is getting paid. See, he's just fun and what he is. He's got to, you got to have fun with somebody. In fact, maybe, well, hey, Pomp and O'Parks, big enough fun is a great place to go any night. And the every day, seven days a week, we got live, cymbal casting from all around North America, harness racing, highlight, through a bread racing at its best. That's every single day, seven days a week. Four nights a week, we got harness racing like tonight live. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, first post time, 715 in the pan. There is free general parking at Pomp and O'Park. There is free clubhouse and grandstand admission every afternoon and evening. And don't forget, Monday racing is back at Pomp and O'Park, which means that Monday madness is back too. Every Monday night, Pomp and O'Park offers a two for $25 full course dinner, special and fair lavish. Top of the park restaurant, dinner, include salad, choice of on-tray. On-tray special, potato veggie dessert, nice tea, all of these things. Only two for 25 bucks on Mondays. Come on for a great evening with great horse racing action. Ruhama winner from the rail say, come on, Brian Brandseer is the best man he's great. Creatures up to a private box seat on a fourth floor, or enjoy a Beningery hot pot Sunday, or slice of horse till his pizza. I shouldn't have said he's the best because then my close friend, while he hannocene and Brucey Ranger get upset. Like I said, they're all pretty damn good. And don't forget that every Wednesday at Pomp and O'Park, it's dollar night, you can get a draft beer hot dog soda, large pretzel or popcorn for just a bucket piece, and don't forget Don Brandard while you're at it. There's also a great all you can eat buffet on the 4-4 players lounge only 10-95 per person every racing night, and also a Harold Snaggrass. Pomp and O'Park, this is the place where you can go and have a great time bring a sack of money, it's a wonderful joy. There are powerline roadblocks out at 9 o'clock, but if I don't forget tight, live racing and sample casting as well, starting at 715 at Pomp and O'Harnas. My my hello, this is 4-3-5-60. Wait, wait, wait, wait, oh you're a fiat. What you've done? If I asked you for done, good. Just for fun, what you have on my back. Okay. Hey. Darling please, make me feel fine. Would you invite my home tonight? Would you tremble in? Yeah. If I touch your lips, would you love? If I home to a hand? Huh? You know I just die. If I touch the thing I love. Okay. By invading my form. Tonight. Yes! It looks just like a zero baby. Oh oh. I know when my heart is fixed on pain. If I be easy or unhappy baby, if you could find the care right. Back then, if we danced, would you unlock all my pants? Yes! Would you play if I ever might want to hide? All right. Hold on please. Make me feel fine. Just invite my home tonight. Oh we're fine. Hope please invade my home. Tonight. That's one of those that just doesn't age. You know, at 9.24 at 5.60 WQAM, how is that vote coming? We got a battle on our hands. On our pool, we're at 33 votes on air, who's the luckiest person on the face of the earth. Most success, least talent. Orphor's got 12 and George W. Delia is got 11. How do you like that? Looks like they're joined at the hip. Larry King's got three. Eminem 2 Bill Gates won. Who'd have the die vote for? I voted for Oprah. And you voted for? That's right. You can vote here. But you voted for? G-W-O-R-Baba. I-C-A-Baba. Larry King's got three. I-M-M-2 Bill Gates has got one. I hear the Denny Terios as he seen it. Bruce Springsteen's got one. And no votes yet for Tom Mokaw. He's got three. No one. Oh my god. He's got to get some votes. Don't you think? She did one good song. For the line? For the line? For the line? For the line? For the line? For the line? For the line? For the line? If I can say that is, uh, as, the frogs fart. I was going to say clearance but I don't want to pick on him. Since I got my check. For clearance, what are we going to do about that? See, actually Carlos was going to get paid today. But then they looked at the program log today here at Beesley. And he said, well, anybody that we can kind of like hold back on? Probably a good idea. They know they can't hold back on my check because they've deedled with my money for too long. Too many different times. This probably wouldn't be a good week to do it. So they didn't do it. But in Carlos's case, what's he going to say? I'm walking out. Oh, okay. Well, see ya. Have a nice life. Thanks for all your magnificent efforts that that is what they would say 560, 560, 560, 560, on the 18T and Verizon line. I must have done a really good job on it because when the first call that I put stuff said Hugh Heffner I mean that that wasn't even close That wasn't even in the same category. This is a guy who invented one of the most successful magazines and concept Not just the magazine. Look at all the imitators. You got hustler and penhousing eight million other ones But playboy was the first and also the combining not just the pictures the nudity, but also the articles and the the intellectual stuff that's appeared in there Over the years. I was a genius. Oh, the facade of credibility. Right. That's right. That was a freaking genius who did that? I Think Here's Holly would hello How much hole Ripping me Hello We're ripping who which asshole is this hello, which asshole are we talking to are you? Who is it Andy? Oh Andy, it's Andy. I'm hold his word So like I said they're all sitting there having our little circle jerk I don't even want to tell you who just called online. Yeah, and obviously from out of town. Let me guess Mr. G though better than that He was very disheartened that he wasn't on the pole. Oh, he wasn't on the pool and he called from out of town Let's see how many guesses do I get give me a clue The abouli and kind of oh No The abouli and guy are only long distance. I least missed your G used to live here But the abouli and guy who lives in New York see I want to tell you very seriously now with the like New York or you hate it the fact that the matter is it's a very Vibrant exciting place. There's lots of stuff going on just you go out on like 42nd Street and buy a slice of pizza. You know, I mean If Rudy Giuliani didn't get rid of that before he left office. He banned just about that street vending stuff Which was another reason he was a real prick, but It's a guy who's not getting New York and his whole life revolves around listening to this show and Faxing this show and calling this show with his rather abouli abouli and the comments. He's an asshole this guy He You know he may be the worst of them all when you come right down to it Crotic or stalker. No, no, just the worst asshole of them all and then he's also got this other guy who must be his agent Who you know was right sending us to your faxes about oh well, this guy moved down here and left his wife so we could come down here meet you with the hockey game Oh my god. This must be the guy that had his kick kick in the back of my seat at the game the other night trying to get my attention Because that little kid was pretty abulant I'd like to make him a little bit less To be able to like with the two by four would be good But I'm not gonna get started on that again because the murmur round town was that there some heads rolling it to macaroon And I'll after my tie-way. Yes today. I'm see it when I believe it and I'll believe it when I see it Not too sure about that look at that George W is moving into first place. Oh right 26 votes for W Hey, listen he wants to hold that baseball team And the Texas Rangers and Oprah's got not just hands again 29 for W and 24 for Oprah everybody else's suckin win, man Everybody else's way back in a pack look at that Larry King has got six Bill Gates and M&M are tied with four Jerry Springer three Madonna pair rug a slice to low two we just still been up here Everybody's got at least one photo except Tom Broke on now Tom Broke on Bar wall do you have one that's just probably to pacify your ass somebody voted for Barbara But Tom Broke who also I think has a much worse speech defect than Barbara Walters has none see at least she's not doing the nightly news I mean they nightly know she's doing all those interviews That was making a difference but the fact is there doesn't have to be any credibility associated with that is supposed to a guy who's like I'm one of the three major networks pretending to be a news anchor all of these You always replacing people like chat heartly David Brickley and John Chancellor and here comes on morca Who can't speak at all and he's a news anchor and only in a country like America with people say oh, yeah I like NBC news art on morca and they've also got Brian Williams waiting in the wings to replace him Who's 50,000 times the news cast on morca will ever be and yet America is just the creatures of habit You know if it's like the comfort zone He's there every evening, you know once in a great while when he's working and there he is So yeah, it's on morca. Maybe as lips is paralyzed. I'm not exaggerating. It's not my imagination He cannot speak and he's anchoring the freaking news What does that tell you about America? We got a few problems over here especially since Ontario court strikes down law medical pot. Oh, yeah Which I have right here part of Canada's marijuana laws been blown away? Superior court justice Cindy Letterman says it's unfair to allow people to smoke medicine on marijuana and then forced them to buy it from a drug dealer The Ontario judge declared the rules for medical use of marijuana as unconstitutional in a 40 page ruling released yesterday He gave out of what six months to fix the regulations which are supposed to give eligible people an exemption from the law that makes marijuana illegal I do like that. It says the ruling is the latest blow to marijuana laws in Canada earlier This month the judge throughout possession charges against the wins around Ontario a teen 16 year old kid on a technical The arising from the regulations Lawyer and longtime cannabis crusader Alan Young says the latest ruling is another clear sign that the laws prohibiting possession of small amounts of marijuana are crumbling in Canada A it's another nail in the coffin This is a big nail he said and he later the young said after learning of the ruining we feel it'll be appealed But it's the light at the end of the tunnel. I can't really see the law maintaining any operation after this year It's sitting on a really precarious foundation How do you like that Canada right there are neighbor to the north that everybody's always making fun of because they're curling and all this other bull crab And here they're like Socialy a hundred years ahead of us and moving rapidly into the real and like a real place While we continue being stifled and moving backward with this right wing bunch of fascists that we got up there in Washington now From George W. and John Ascrop and this whole bundle of marijuana bunch of marijuana Said very very said and let me say it again. I don't want to get too politically here because we don't want to piss off the right wingers Do we cool them the fact of the matter is that on less you're a multi-millionaire just as you saw what his latest tax cup Proposal his unless you're a multi multi-millionaire or you're a born again for medical right wing a Bible thumping abortion hating a fetus squeezing Christian or both of the above there is no reason in the world Why you should be on the side of this crap None zero zippity do da it's inconceivable anybody with a brain criss-thers the problem Unless you're one of those railions 56705 here's a call from a four-laterdale hello Yes, sir Who found up whatever what how many folks did I can block it and his buddy that Can block wasn't on the pool why? Because nobody knows who that is anymore Are you been gone that long oh yeah What about that? Who was that on the guy's that you in addition to which that year? That's yesterday's pool, okay get with it What about this guy how can you about yesterday's pool? We got a new pool up here in this guy. Did you know that president Lincoln got shot? He did oh my god right in the head What is that plus that guy had a crappy sounding phone? I don't want to start you know, especially after the last three days Asked for like perfect phone calls, but that was bad. The quality technically was horrendous and the material was grotesque And by the way, muff stop eating those damn brownies you lunatic. Uh-oh Right outside the door I Guess he wants to hang around a building all day. He will not be going don't be going out to launch either if you're smart I guarantee in fact what you should do is get one of those from him and look on the label and see whether my eyes already did the second ingredient Multitall mmm Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale hello Hello, yes sir I got a full hat trick here how about Dennis Miller when I think of Rick Sanchez no Ferrell granted Bob while appealing DUI I mean Wayne he's talk about talent. He kid me a master manipulator I Mean a guy was in a garbage business. He was smart. He was in the garbage business started with a truck Started with one little garbage truck Then of course he was in that music video business blockbuster was gonna build us that blockbuster park big stadium to all of these things And only did was keep screwing a public over screwing them over why you got to give somebody credit for that Well, he liked him or not, which we don't give him credit for that. That's a talent making millions while screwing others over In fact, maybe that's one reason that disqualifies the president even though he's pulling away like crazy now 37 or 26 from Oprah I mean that is based on his own ability. He's just going along. I heard if he had the ability He'd be like Alice Bennett the former MPI agent this this makes me sick even though most of you don't seem to give a crap The former MPI agent convicted of drunken reckless driving in a wrong way crash that killed two brothers is not a danger to the community Or likely to flee to avoid serving his jail time a judge ruled yesterday Howard County circuit judge Mark gold ordered David Ferrell released on $10,000 Vaughn while he appeals his misdemeanor convictions for drunken driving and reckless driving I have before me a man facing a misdemeanor charge and that's all acting in the city of gold said I can't treat him different than anybody else Gold sentence for what yesterday to 90 days in jail for the reckless driving with a sense to be served concurrently with a 90-day drunk driving sense imposed on Wednesday First time offenders convicted of those charges rarely serve any jail time prompting Ferrell's attorney to term the 90-day sentence vindictive Now it's see this is what I call Hutspa if you were him or his attorney wouldn't you be kissing the ground at this point That he only got the 90's say, okay, when do I start looking over with when do I start that's only 45 days per dead guy that he killed a bargain. Yeah, and at twice the price He's not even gonna have to go to odds. It's funny. I should go into this after I mentioned Rick Sanchez and they may not Anyway, well, you know, he just had to go home and get a few things together and come back to the stadium Well, if you get upset from hitting a guy don't you need a little drink to a calm your nerves 560 560 palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line here's my any hello Hello, nail. Yes, sir. Good morning. When is to you? Don't have a computer like to give a bone photo. Okay. I'm bored for Jennifer Lopez Yeah, but he's got a great ass Well, have ass will travel like this Thanks, Neil. Thank you so much. J. Lo he said. I mean, you know, he's he's got a good point She sure gets a lot of notoriety. She's not all the tabloids. They got her ass on every goddamn street corner and Then there's that video with been afluck anybody believe in that no, but he's already a post-bomb that they've been got very jealous He came between them. He came between them. Squared squirt is what we heard So anyway, the deal is we're not putting her on there. I don't know although if we can put the Don on there, what do you think? No He gave me the wrinkled nose look he said forget about it I think just because she's got the big ass. I mean that isn't a talent, but it's an attribute. It's a trait right like like how about Nicole Smith What You don't think she belongs on that list? Yeah, she does. She's got her old goddamn TV show Let's put her on there Eric and in the Cole Smith. I think she definitely belongs on there I mean, she's also got a big ass, but unlike J. Lo, she's just the anxious and obnoxious and despised by most anybody with a brain She is a real piece of turd Although her money didn't come so much from the TV show and I'll know the right it came from that old man that she Offed I mean, I'mary J Howard right J Howard Marshall David 22 before 10 at 5. 60 WDQ. I am hey it's a new year and if you want to lose some weight this year because a lot of you made resolutions That you were gonna lose weight and a lot of you really packed on semester pounds during those holidays, which is always a very convenient excuse Here's a store that can help you do a de-lights of West Boca. It's a mega store for the Atkins die at or any low-carb sugar free diet It's the place that you've been waiting for because the entire store is dedicated to helping you out Everything they have in there is good for you. I'm like the super market where you have like maybe a handful of items and forget about all the rest So join the thousands who travel to Delights. They've got over 600 delicious low-carb food products Like their new control carb chocolate brownies and forest grumshis flavors only one and a half carbs, which moth is suck on on one right now and a brownie too So whether it's carbolite ice cream bread chips muffin cheesecake pasta and sauces the lights of West Boca's the place you want to be Shuffin don't forget you can try anything in the store tried before you be buying it They got a knowledgeable staff who we know their crap inside and out their open 70s a week 10 to 10 and they carry the most complete Extensive line of Atkins bread products in the universe. Always 25% off all day every day Everybody in their brother again now is talking about Atkins because they have been able to poop who it to the do it Because the new studies are showing it really works for people better than just about anything else So ahead for the number one low-carb sugar free store in the world the lights of West Boca on the Northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market be sure and time that PDLen the old leather post sent you by you can call him at 1-877 low-carb Tool free or check them out on the web at low-carb dot com detail lights of West Boca Why but I'm going to go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go so go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go So I would not feel the most old and I would not be ashamed about a ginger and more gay union just bold and then stroking away. Boy, baby, can we your not my type? You sound like a nine year old kid. Only a much old girl. She don't know this. That makes me flip my wig. If ginger was a lover of mine, I'd bury my bull this painy nose. Inside is a blie-rear end. It's like a... No, I would not be a sport-old. If I was not a closet of faith, That's why a ginger and moke union would make me feel dizzy in gay. Everybody follow my thousand wolves. Yeah, ginger and moke union, that would make my sorrow lonely as guilty. If we had a ginger and moke, then you wouldn't have to get me raped. It's 944-560 WCM. We got the mad dog at one. Hank Goldberg from the Bahamas again. I sure hope Hank's cold is a better day than the phone lines better too. I started telling before and I got interrupted by my paycheck or something. Thanks again, Clarence. It didn't even sound like him yesterday. I turned on the radio on a way to floor. I mean, to pizza lock. Well, they're coming back on the air. Well, that's we got to get a plug in there somewhere. It got only nose when the damn spot start, P.D. Well, that's right. He can't hear me. They're in that seminar. When you look at the log today that they should be spending a day on a seminar as opposed to be out selling, getting some anyway. So it didn't sound like him. Did you think? I had a listen for a couple of minutes to make sure it was the Humper because it between the cold and the bad phone line. Anyway, here's a fact that says, See the writing? So you know where it was from. The Wewman Paul, who's very upset that he was none of chronicless. See, the thing was, chronics. Not putsis. Chronics. You're just a putsis, wewman Paul. You're just like a pimple on the side of the universe. Not even in the same category where these other fine people. Bad nose. Bad nose for you. Will McDonald that speak in a pimple faces? No, you guys don't know who that is. You've seen him on TV. George hasn't because he doesn't watch any sports. Really, really, he read his complexion Boston sports writer for years and years for a long time. He used to be on all the time. I'm like the a pre game shows and stuff like that. Will McDonald died in Boston last night. He died? Yeah. I'll fill out of that go and I'm like, you know what? I'll fill out of people dying. Here's a fact that says Hank interviewed a guy at 345 yesterday named Harold Rose. Oh, that's a horse trainer. I think is that Harold Rose the horse trainer? Who's about 400 years old from a colder, Gulfstream, whatever? A dead ringer for an old Jewish guy named Isaac. Please listen to the tape any minute I was waiting from to say step away from my car you big MF. Harold Rose, I'm pretty sure that's who that is. But I could be wrong. What's all the wine? Not too much about the thoroughbreds. Although it will not be for you know, it will be time for the triple crown again. In our good close personal friend Dave Johnson will be calling in again. Are Jewish friend Dave? Here's Jennifer and Miramar that was your best line of all time. And very quick to, very quick. You know, he should have thanked you for that. The moment I should have said trying to get your ass can. He should have thanked you for covering up his obnoxious stupidity. Isn't he one of yours? And George says, I didn't know what Dave was Jewish. That was cute. Jennifer says, unfortunately in this country we let clearly guilty FBI agents get all scoffery while poor old men from Tamarack who punched an elderly man for telling his wife to shut up. His being charged with first a reman slaughter after the elderly man fell on him his head. He later died against from head injuries. His bail is $10,000. Where's the fairness in our justice system? Well that's right, Jennifer. You're right. He can't complain about the fairness in the American justice system because there isn't any. Well look at this. Somebody just asked me the story. It's already on our website. But thanks anyway, Russ and Coco. Good and what? About the secret war on condoms by Nick Christophe and New York times today. It's on our website. But he does have one paragraph of a circle there that says over the last two years conservative groups in President Bush's support base had declared war on condoms in a campaign that is downright weird. But that if successful could lead to millions of death from AIDS around the world. And it goes on. It's on our website. There's a lot of great stories on there. We should point out to you. It's a matter of fact, look what I have sitting here next to my pile. The secret war on condoms by Nick Christophe. How do you like that? How do you like them apples? Not that I'm going to read it. I don't want to start reading a lot of bedtime stories. We don't want to get too newsy. Do we? No, no. No, no, no. These calls are here. What? Shh. When you see you just don't get it at all. You are such. You're a problem. There's no quite. I think most got to point you are a problem. You just don't know when to zig and when to zag. Just like your crappy pulls. But I mentioned this to you the other day and I never got around because we had such a fantastic show. Strap on air craft to be sold on eBay. This isn't something that's made up. Although it is from strange news AP. Everyone, did you very own personal flying machine? Now's your chance to get one, but you'll have to shell out some serious cash and resist the urge to take it out for a spin. The solo trek XFV. I wonder if that's like solo sex. The solo trek XFV, which made its maiden flight in December 2001, is scheduled to go on sale today on eBay. It's good to got it. See, time is good. I waited till the day. With a starting bit of about 50 grand. Michael Mosher, chief executive of Trek Aerospace. An orrelation to harness driver Mark Mosher. Or Gary Mosher. The military-funded company designing the machine expects the final price in the 70 auction to exceed a million dollars. The prototype has only hovered a few feet off the ground in tests, but it is built to zoom up to 69 miles an hour for 100 miles, carrying a person to weighs up to 180 pounds. Two overhead ducted fans lift the gas powered machine and a standing operator steers with a joystick in each hand. Well, there's nothing like having a joystick in each hand. We didn't want to let it attest it higher than we were willing to fall, Mosher said. Engineers at Trek Aerospace, we tear the prototype last summer to concentrate on a second-generation model with better joystick and a smoother engine. The Sunnyvale-based company hopes to sell personal flying machines to the military, allowing soldiers to pass over swamps, mined fields and other rough terrain, pass over. The company is studying whether consumers would use its craft, which theoretically could send to 10,000 feet. This is great! Put that damn ginger thing, what do they call it? The scooter? It's like, wait. Put that segue thing to shame. Who the hell wants to say that? I mean, this is like those little kids out there in those scooters. There's no difference. This is something that would actually get you in the air, and I could probably get from a home to work here, like in about two minutes. The winner of the auction must sign a contract promising not to fly the prototype to use it for exhibition only. Mosher expects to sell the aluminum anti-tiny machine to a museum or aviation enthusiast, maybe Howard Hughes. It's a kind of different aircraft he said it has a tremendous amount of historical and historical value. So that may be an amusing and strange story right now, but today is coming if they don't blow up the world first. We've heard them talk about these things, remember? Sure. All the time. They have prototype. Just see all the inches there like it's cemetery village and where my mother lives there and Hollywood. All these other condo complexes pop in in their little strappin' those babies on? Of course you can only weigh 180. Yeah? Well, most of them are thin and emaciated those old farts. They've got that kind of post-oushvitch look, like the Dutch. But I'll start me again on the Dutch. I told the, well, never mind. I don't want to get back to that joint genie of thing anyway because they won't listen to me anyway. Whatever I tell them they do the opposite. He's just a heart-ass. Here's Miami, hello. How about Chrisville Lowell, you check it. Christopher Lowell is on this other pool. I'm glad that you mentioned that. Where does he go? I can't find that damn thing. I keep losing it. Maybe there's a reason for that. You think that it's like fate that I can't keep losing that damn, uh... It's gone. Ha ha ha ha ha. It's here in my pile somewhere, God damn it. There's the Ohirdis. Christopher Lowell comes in, uh... See, this is a different thing. We didn't ask who's the most annoying. We asked who's the luckiest person on the face of the earth. Most success. Least talent. Christopher Lowell doesn't have the kind of notoriety around the world that these other people have. These other people on our very, very finalists today are known worldwide all around the universe. From here to your rainous. Christopher Lowell did come in number six on the most annoying list on... M-I-Enoying.com. Do you want to top 10? Yeah. First starter? Martha Stewart. Angelihariot. I have no idea who that is, do you? Nope. Cheryl swoops. Sorry. That's Kippo. Swops, plays hoops. Cheryl swoops. She's like WNBA. Oh, well, we know what that means. Sal the stock broker. Who is Sal the star? Is that on some Sherlock's of Pranos? Or something? Three for three, no. Tina Arena. A foe for foe. Christopher Lowell's six. Jonathan Edward seven. We know who that is. He's out of this world. Speaking of that, no student number eight. What's he done lately? Made some mistakes. No well, Bush is number nine. Now we're getting warm. Now we're getting to some of you. We know when Ken really cozy up to you. We hear she's doing really well. And Ben Curtis is number 10. Anybody know who that is? Nope. Ben Curtis. Yoko O'Neill is number 11. We know who that bitch is. Chris Evans number 12. I don't know who Laura Slash your doctor. Laura's number 13. Let's say it. Oh, that right wing bitch. That's self hating Orthodox Jew bitch. Hurral to Rivera number 14. Am I annoying.com? Makes it number 15 on the own website. Otherwise being the most annoying. T. Elyonia 16. Anybody know who that is? Actress. Hedeki Tojo. Danielle Reis. Joy but a foe goes 19. Judge Judy is number 20. Oh, there. Now there is a bitch. How'd you like to just slap the crap out of that bitch? That's what she needs. She needs to be horse whipped and a new doily. 21 David Lerable. Lerably. I have no no. Pist Clio's 22. See if you go back to this website, which we're certainly not going to waste the time with that. But if you go to amyanoing.com, and then you can click on each one of these. Now have like a little burble while through these people are just looking. Look at this. Elron Hub up is number 33. Even though he's been dead for like 80,000 years. Hillary made number 27. I love this list. Paul and Jan Croch are number 25. Hallelujah. Hillary's 27. Oh, Psalm is 29. Tyson's 31. Elron Hub up 33. Guess who's number 34. Let me give you a clue. And I certainly can curry belongs on this list. Most annoying. Bye bye. Justin Tickelbell is number 34. Tony Blair's 35. No, that's bad. Why's he annoying? They're British foes. Oh. And you'll be very upset when he hears number 36. Offer a Levine. Oh, just watch a whatever video. Martin number to lowest 38. John Walker Linter. So Martina beats out John Walker Lind. She's 38. He's number 39. That's sad. Although I will say he looks a lot more much with then she does. No, I take that back. She looks. How is echo? Um, big dick doubly. Who? Am I saying that right? How do you which word you put the a centawon? Big dick doubly. Was it? He's number 44. The view is 45. The whole show is annoying. Oh, what they say. Bill Clinton 48. Shame on you. J. L. 51 for that guy. Well, Hamon, I. 52. Louis Ferrecon 53. A lot of wonderful names on this Rodney King 54. Jeff Bush 55. And keep in mind, this is a nationwide thing. And the Jeffs debated on there. How come the president make it on? Don't you find that little bit bizarre that George W. Did make it on his brother? They'd be honest. Huh? No, he's not on here. I don't think. Rosie O'Donnell 56, Jimmy Swagger 57. Barry bonds 58, Linda, 559. Benny Hind 60. Pat Robertson 62. Susan Powder 63. I don't know anybody. Remember that bitch? Cindy Adam 66. Josh. Josh Harton at 67. He's annoying. He squints a lot. And he made a movie about him and his penis. But Jerry fall well. Oh, S club seven. I agree with that. Boy, those S club seven juniors also. Can you are there any attractive people on that? No. And they're also going to have a group called S club junior juniors. Is what I'm hearing. Jerry fall well 69. Oh, he'd be upset if he heard it was 69. Madeline Gorman 2 Good is 70. Do we know who that is? The two good bitch, the that Irish traveler that's Macorca. Oh, oh, oh, I was out of sight out of mind. Oh, the two good bra. Yeah. The shop lifter. Ah, Slabby Omalosovich is 72. I'm just Jenna and Barbara Borscher 74. Oh, and not just Justin, but the whole group. Bye, bye, bye. Instinct 75 Donald Wildman 76. Julie Roman 78 excellent. And the Mormon 79. The whole all of them. Not just the one or two. That's just Donnie and Marie. We like Donnie. And we're 880. That bitch. Faith Hill 81. Jesse Jackson 82. Karrot top 84. Jesse Helms 85. Randy Moss 86. Jennifer Love Hewitt 87. Foster who would 88 steps. Oh, is this a British thing? Is this a Britain or what? I don't look like a. Huh? Hmm. If it was British would it be dot com to the use dot com? They do? No, they use what? That's CO dot UK. UK. So this is an American thing. And it a lot of brits stuff on here. George Orwell 90. Chris Carter 91. Chris Kada. Chris and a rendezvous and a rendezvous. Chris Kada 91. George Steinbrit 92. American Idol 93. The show. Celine Dion 96. She deserves a lot of hard net. And Cisco 100. Well, the bad haircut. You know, kind of like the Greg Reid syndrome. Bad haircut. I think that's a pretty good list. Not you. Damn good. Pretty conspicuous by its absence. The president. But of course these people probably didn't want to be put away. And just kind of like, you know, disappear. We're sports radio 5.6. 2 a.m. For David's the bitch. Double you want to top of who's saying? And the no one will back us. Hard to tell which one is more insane. When it was the size you attacked us. Yeah. Double you ask to finish that night. That is losing his patience. Porter the troops to go give up their lives. For the world biggest cast. The five times at all cost. Why try it? The life that will be lost. Can't buy it. There's more important things to do. What's the hell is wrong with you? Double you want to top of who's saying? That rich fine white color. Try it. Fix it for your foot. Is that and wrong? Fight line and thighs from none of these old rise. Because she wears more chair bronze. The power would read you in that decaying knee. Think for four of my clients. The rich fine white colors from all around the world. A great, your up-on-chooly, great art. The five times at all cost. Why try it? The life that will be lost. Can't buy it. There's more important things to do. What's the hell is wrong with you? Double you want to win the day. That's the decision he's reaching. Double you've got status in saying as you say. We'll put somebody in the future. Alright. Can't owe two or five, 60 WQM welcome back to Heidi Ratedneal. Roger Schorley used to be. Now we come today. I got the paycheck today. That's good. The tenth is turned out well. Regardless of anything else that happens. Are you still in the ear check? Carlos is sitting there and who don't know whether to laugh or cry. Why do you can't spend it now anyway? You'll get it. And if not, we don't really care anyway. But now we come today as the book is coming out. The fall, reading book. Now this, I've been saying this for a while, but I really think this is going to be the definitive thing. Did you write a mean? No, what do you mean? I don't know. I just, I don't know. I just think it's going to be a tell us something. It will tell us something. Of course it always tells us something, so it's not exactly going out on the limb. Oh, I guess what Algoldstein got kicked off that flight. When you people stopped fatching as this stupid story was in the yesterday's paper, I do read the papers. We talked about it briefly here on the ear as much publicity as Fan Al is going to get from us. And that's it. Coming this morning, there's a copy of the story in the mailbox out there. We know all about Fan Al Goldstein. Got yanked off the plane because he's got a big fat disgusting mouth and nobody likes him. Okay. And what? It's his birthday today. See what I mean about him? We don't care. He's in New York anyway. We don't care even if he wasn't in New York. If he was in Pompano sitting on that big finger that he's got stick out of the intercoastable. We still wouldn't care. We were talking about him at the pizza loft last night at length. You know he was there a week ago? No. Pony tail luckily wasn't there but he was in there a week ago. With his gigantic size 92 shorts and his flag jacket. Your friend. Here's some really terrible news. Jewelie would be running from president. Senator Joe Lieber, Jewelie would be part of Connecticut. We'd be part of the intense announcement next week. He would run from president in 2004. Oh, I mean, you know this, I look at this in the same category as the railions. Same same category. You people in the media would report anything as if it's serious. I mean, okay, so he's got to run for president to see if any change. No, no. If they rigged the election, if they brought the Bush families, were rigors in it. No. No. He couldn't win an election for dog catcher. The former vice president and so in addition to which here's the guy that cost-gour the election. You could look at a lot of people later. The people at Stolod, Katherine Harris. What's your name up there in Palm Beach? What was your name at pitch in Palm Beach County? Other hairs. No, no, no, no, no, she's not a public board. Teresa LaPore, very good. You could blame those people, but it certainly was Jewelie women at cost. I mean, Gore could have certainly won maybe Arkansas, maybe his homestay to Tennessee. But having an Orthodox Jew who even, a lot of us Jews find objectionable to obnoxious. And where's it on his sleeve? Goodie two shoes. Who was doing that finger pointing at the president? Yeah, well, that's right. Who was doing that whole earlier than now business about Monica? And that's staying on the dress that used to be there for my dredge got ahold of it. Wonder how he got it out. Do you think he shouted it out? Yeah, he said, went and out shouted out. Okay, Matt. I heard he's a screamer. Oh, and that was bad. Now you're going to get lit and all of a sudden. Are you upset, Lynn? No, she's not upset. One thing about her, she don't give her crap. She's been around her block too long. Nothing bothers her. Lynn Samuels are talking about her close personal friends. That's for you sweetheart. And by the way, asshole. I don't mean, I don't mean you, but she likes here in asshole. Because she wishes she could say it. So much she fills in that summer on her show she can say, asshole, all she wants. Oh, I forgot to tell you. The former vice president of candidate made his plans. No money at a meeting with Connecticut Democrats. The new heaven registered reported on Wednesday. Leave her mind would join a growing list of Democrats helping this poor Republican president. George W's expected reelection bid. I got news for it was this audience voting for the reelection. And I ain't going to happen, W. They hate you like poison. Look at that pool. We'll tell you it to momentarily. Senators John Kerry of Massachusetts and John Edwards in North Carolina Vermont Governor Howard Dean, a relation to Timmy Dean and former House Minority Leader Dick Givhard of Missouri have announced it all over. Tom Daxel says, uh-uh. Al Gore says, no way Jose. And that's it. I like John Kerry a lot. I don't think he could win. Do you think John Edwards can win? I mean, I don't, he's, to me, very bland. Full of crap. He's got tons of money. He talks about being like the every man. We're talking about the psychic medium. Oh yeah, right. Jonathan Edwards. He said he has a will to win. Ben Curtis is the actor who plays Steve the annoying Dave. Oh, do you're going to get a del guy? Yeah. Amen. Thank you very much for ever sending this information. This is I'm surprised he's not hiring us. Dude, you're going to get it. He's so annoying. I had to take him off the spot except for the one spot they run where he's in the house at the end. Oh, dude, we're getting another del. He's a little bit like a smacks him in the head. Boy, at least I'll say that's much for the del people who are at age and see they realize they had pushed America too far with that piece of crap. They pushed everybody a little bit too far with Steve who was, it was in the beginning. It was amusing, you know? In the beginning. After the first 40,000 times though since they do run in normal amount of spots, he started to wear a little bit thin, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, but now they have the almost as annoying interns. No, they're not, they're not the same category. It says, I hope you won't hold us against me, but I listen to the goddess yesterday. And she played the F-word. She has a few of the same bits and drops. Are these from a comedy service or just ripping you up? Oh, in that particular case, just ripping us off. That's not from a, or what was it from a comedy service? It was. P.S. How about a poll about the best caller? I.E. fraternity guy, the happy poor lady. Then we do that? You had best bits and best calls were on there, like bridge tender. Yeah, there are so many memorable calls that you could take a poll on it. There's what like four at a bridge tender one the best bits. It's certainly going to win that. In fact, a fraternity guy didn't even do all that great on the best bits, even of that individual day. Much less the overall. P.S. How about favorite drops? We already did favorite drop. I'll favorite drop in. Like, okay, well let's do, how about this one? Number two, number three, number four, and number five. Which one do you like best? And then there's always number one or number two. And then of course for, uh, Nikola's number three. And the well, too. Let's see, here's what it says. Oh, this is a very familiar. Who's this from? This is from Tim Pots. I believe, but he chopped off at the top. Or maybe this is WL and Del Rey. What does that look like? Is that Tim Pots facts? You should know by now. Yes. He purposely chopped it off at the top, so we wouldn't see his name. I'm sure that. We were on the attempt. I'm not a fan, but Madonna and Eminem are both talented, whether you like them or not. And whether spelled WE to ATHE are as an ins knowant to Ronald. Ryan, curing our city wall at the top of no tells who should be on your list. Yeah. We could have put her on there. I mean, what is he doing now? Which one of these stupid shows is he that hosting now? He's hosting a show. Oh, yeah. That's our star search. That's right. Now we got star search. We have all these reality. They shows, which is a laugh in itself. Not of which have anything to do with reality. And they all suck. You got the Joe of millionaire billionaire. You got the star search. You got, uh, this is like a half a dozen of these shows. That's literally a bachelor and a bachelor rat right under. I mean, oh, just it just wears me out. I don't watch any of them stores me out. See, they got away from the whole premise. And I will say this at least MTV once upon a time understood what it was all about. They put hot looking people on there. They may start to put an ugly looking people on there. Nobody's talking about those shows. They're coming back to the world. I don't know if you'd like any of the people on there. But all the girls are what he means. You don't know if I'd like any of the people on there. Maybe one of them. Oh, that's right. No, I pointed out the show. And you said that the guy that all the girls are going crazy about the gross was gross. So all the way to like guy gross. But he's, you know, it's another story. I think I'm going to play Bando and I'm into one o'clock. Just the same song over and over. What do you say? In fact, what I'm going to do is I'm going to segue it with Mo and the ginger. The reunion, which I just played. Yeah, let's do that. Bando and I'm in segue with the ginger and Mo reunion. That was my idea by the way. It's about time I took credit for something. Huh? Not that I could have ever done what he did. But I already got to do his plant a little seed. And that's for a little mind of Boca Brian. Amazing. It's sprouted like an evil wild out of control thing. It says I have a friend who did six months in stark for a DIY manslaughter. Too bad he had he a cop could have gotten it. If he would I see what he tried to say. Timmy, you're a literate. What you're trying to say is if he would have been a copy, go to got an off. Right. 90 days suspended a sentence. There's two people dead and nobody gives a crap. I'm not going to get excited about anymore because it's obvious the fixes in here. Man, you just they don't care. They don't care. They care not to care and they want you to know about it too. It's always been that way. I guess just not being here once in a while. You forget about it. Look at a pool. Look at that pool. That is just shocking. Who is the luckiest person on the face of the earth. Most success. Least talent. George W. Bush has got 120. Oprah who's in second place has got 40. Now why would I think that it was going to be a real race? Anne and a cool Smith was the late edition which I almost left her out 28. Well deserved. Bitch. Big fat disgusting cow. She's not a woman. She's a cow. Hog. Oh. Larry King 20. Larry. Don't be stressed. Bill Gates 10. Eminem 9. Do you spring your seven sliced alone seven? Barbara Walters. I hate to report you and she in Regis only five. Bruce Springsteen 4. Madonna 3. Murr Griffin 1 and Tom Brocos only got one. See they like Tom Brocos. I'm just shocked every time I see him. And not only that but it's getting much worse. I don't watch Stan rather every night. Now that old guy will come and charge me for that. I watch Stan rather religiously every night at 630. Dad is great. But once in a great while I'll be channel surfing and I'll see Tom Brocos. I know it's getting worse. It's getting much much much much worse. He can't speak. Of course our president can't speak. So I guess it'll make any difference. I'm not gonna know. This is for 20. I'm like 60. You weigh in. Beat that jater meat. Let's all get up the baller of call. The disco one. Cheetos about the mother at all. On the cover of the baller of my girl. Who knows where the she knows. Who knows where the she knows. Struggle the big. So fist the door and look at the floor. It's not the Lord of Mars. But she ain't dead anymore. Been writing so long. It's best to go home now. To revive the she knows. Who knows where the she knows. Don't die for the Lord. You're so wonderful. I'm show your mother's in the arms and the arms. You're not a father. Dr. Lawrence is gonna play a few guys on the piano. The music. The mother's resting comfortably in the coffin. Now. Take the melody is scared. Shall we close right quick? Radio pole that's up to Lord. Mine just fills the door. Psycho Beach there's the people on the radio. The chorus one of the she knows. That's a f***ing bitch. The chorus one of the she knows. The chorus one of the she knows. He's better than you know. Since 17 and five 60 good morning, Miguel. And that story told me about how they had to separate Dr. Lawrence mother's body from the carpeting like with fire. They couldn't separate it. They couldn't separate it. It was like more meld it. It was meld it. Future fine. You're on a floor for so long that she and the carpet were like one. They had to take the carpet and cut it around her. It was like the Dr. Laura and carpet reunion. They were like one. Five six seven five 60 pound five 60 the greatest email I heard receiving in my life and I haven't been doing email at long because to me it's a pin in the ass. Lynn Samuel says I just like hearing you say my name out of radio. I don't care what you say all she does want to hear asshole if you like that. He's an asshole. She likes that. Five six seven five 60 pound five 60 on a AT and to. And for a reason where at least he's honest about it. That call we had before from Andy that was shocking. That was so revealing. Oh, he's talking about me now. He's not my whole. He's talking about my Japanese. Oh, Jesus God. This this is a guy allegedly with a wife allegedly with a job and allegedly with a life. When they fan them life. Here's Western hello. Yes sir. Yeah, I actually I listen to Lynn. I like her a lot. She used to come on a for some guys. She's a malls burgundy sometimes in New York on their NBC channel. She's great people. She was on like on a Saturday night sometimes from like you know for the nine of the Yankees didn't have a game or something. She's definitely got an opinion on things. But I want to tell you I saw our friend Defo the other day out here in Hell and Dale. Yeah. And I mentioned to him that what we love is billboards and that no matter what he thinks about what they're saying over there where you are. That a lot of people still stick up for him and the way things are going with this thing between you and Mo. Who knows? I mean because a lot of people talk about how wonderful it was with the first the worst team with Joe and Defo and Geldi. And when the people call up and talk to other announcers on the radio like Hank they always refer to those guys and they always refer to Goldia's. I think I mentioned that Hank hates more like poison I didn't mention that yet. I'm sorry. Go ahead. Yeah, yeah, you did. I think that was yesterday. I mentioned that I wanted to mention that I want to be sure mentioned that every day. Yeah, so what it's a he goes on like poison. Like poison despises you. Yeah, the the pole of the as a matter of fact I wasn't here so I was about I haven't under very good authority. That Hank was in a hall the other day singing a song that goes, yo yo let's rate. That's what I heard that's the report. Hey, you like poison. Well, I don't know why but that's nothing there. That's what I call my friends and when I have just a moment to leave a message. I just say that yo yo yo. Let's rate mo. Yo yo. Let's rate. Yeah, it's kind of catchy. I find myself singing it in the shower. The new song the ginger and mo gay union when they talk about mo with putting his baldest nose in the crack of a victim. Ha ha ha ha ha. Hey, it's correct. Tell me to we miss him. I was sure. Wait, hold on. There's what and the guy on the pole who you didn't know. Not the guy from Dell. There was another name Andy Rothman. You know, he's from a harrow bell. Something or other somewhere. We would see on there like number 30 something Andy Rothman. Yeah. And the salad the salad the style he's from Howard Stern. Sal the stock. Oh, okay. He always calls up and makes fun of Howard's producer. The guy's number four on the list he must be a pretty damn popular. No, not written. That's popular. Sandy. You don't know Andy Rothman. No. Okay. All right. Hey, we'll listen. Thanks a lot for the time. Say hi to default. Oh, I will. Bye bye. And don't forget. Yo yo yo. Let's rate mo. Ha ha ha. See, that's bad. Because once you start playing at the singing that you can't stop. It's one of those things. In fact, I can't even get it off my damn screen here. 560 pound 560 on the AT and T line. This pool today is like a one horse race. You know what? What are you shaking your head and smoking about the pole? No, you weren't. It had to be about Hank hating a mole like poison. George W's got 135 votes. Oprah's got 41. I mean, it there is like, it's not even a contest. It's a Wopsided pool. And in a cool Smith 38 Larry King. Don't be frustrated. 21 and Bill Gates 10 that the only ones in double digits. I got a theory about why Oprah isn't doing as well as. And why is that? Because she actually used to work for a living on her way up and stuff. She actually was like, what? I made. She was a, yeah. She was a reporter. Something like that. So actually did some work once upon a time. And she was in that movie. I was in that movie. I was in that movie. I was in that movie. I was in that movie. I was in that movie. I was in that movie. I was in that movie. I was in that movie. I was in that movie. I was in that movie. I was in that movie. I was in that movie. Which they are purple is what the beast told me. So we're going to have the beast on us to guess that Monday is going to tell all the stories about what we really happen on that show and how I got blown out of there by Mo. Where are you getting your information? 567.0 from a very fat source. 567.0.560. I think I might do this story here. The truth about Bush's new text cut. Also, we got to get nothing about the new hunt for John Bonaise murderer. Because her body's getting kind of cold. Also, the batch warrettes, she's no angel. We were making out and Trista was moaning and riding going wild says source. Moaning and riding. She's ugly. Trista, you don't think she's ugly? She's a former QAM QD. He said. There you go. That proves it right there. I forgot what she looked like because I never really want to crash. Crap. Take a look right there. That picture there. Can you see it? Is there a glare on it? That's her on the right there? Yeah, that's why. See, they have this picture here. They got like all touch stuff. They can make anybody look in these templates. But the real picture is like this one here where she's got like, Look at that. Take a puket that man. She's nasty. Don't, now please don't tell me that you think that she's hot. I mean, she's, she's about as hot as the North Pole. Walk it in here while you look. Yeah, take a take a give it to a hot shot in there. Don't forget, Treasure Island next Thursday. Well, the picture on the right. She's not 12. The picture on the right is what she is and that's she's gross. They other picture on the other side is touched up. All of the other pictures are what you see is what you get. What? Mediaoker. Just mediaoker. Regular. Mediaoker? Neither here nor there. If I was of your persuasion, I wouldn't touch her with the Carlisce with Clarence's hand. How do you like that? Neither fish. That's how desperate you have to be to touch that thing. No, you're wrong about that. I think she's both fish and foul. Five. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Five, six, nine, five, six, nine, eight, six and ten and Verizon Wireless Line. I'm just practicing for when Croni do those ball games. Foul. It's a foul. Where did that come from by? Where did that hole thing come from? You must be really dumb. Pull it out of his ass. Well, sure it's how beats football. I'll take it that. Boy, now that the VMC is over for most of the Assault Florida for everybody down here, it's up to jet spans and a reader nation. But other than that, well, I mean, you talk about Pondris. If he ever again says that I talk only about him. It's a one topic show. I mean, talk about the podcast on the kettle ball. Jesus Christ man, get something, get anything, anything else. Football, football, football, the jets and the raiders and the raiders and the jets and all of a sudden crap. How's Chris and around are you doing? Here's a call from sunrise, hello. Hey, what's up, Neil? Yes, sir. What kind of problem were you having with a walk over your bank real quick? What kind of problem was I having? Yeah. A problem where they put a hold on one of my accounts and they bounce two checks that I wrote to one of my other accounts. Okay, okay. Uh, another thing. Why do you ask? Why don't you go to the question? Well, no, wait a minute. Why do you ask? What did you realize that you were first? Yeah, first, uh, a bag. 110. 560 pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Fuck, uh, two and a half months. Here's a call from Pinecrest, oh. Neil, how about Richard Simons for more, more annoying? Well, we're not, we're not taking, uh, for most annoying. He's not on their top 100. See what I mean? They can't separate, speaking of Fisherfall. They can't separate the weed from the chief, this crowd. The most, in least annoying of 2002 is on a website called amyanoing.com. You can look it up yourself. Have somebody, uh, look it up for open spell it on a computer for you. Amyanoing.com. That's not our pool. Our pool is who is the luckiest person on the face of the earth. Most success, least talent and George W. is winning in a grand slide. If you only wish you wish you would win a presidency by that many votes. 141 votes for W, or 44, and Nicole Smith is making her move 41. That cow, that tub of turd, 41. Just changed again. Let's try to change again. Uh, Larry King 21, MNM12 Bill Gates 11. Everybody else, small potato, single digits. 27 past 10 at 560 WQA. We got the mad dog and one hang from the Bahamas again, where we hope we get that damn line thing straightened out. I'm sure he don't care because he's over there probably plunged in his brains out. I was going airhump her good assignment. I know how to do Vegas. That was the hamas. Belmont. It's the greatest assignment. Kick off the new year with a great new mattress for you and your back from our good friends at dialometrist. If you haven't been sleeping well lately, nothing will have a bigger impact on your life every day in the coming year than a good night's sleep. That determines how you feel all day long. Do this marting like Miguel did and George did and yours truly as well. And everybody else with a brain. You get 90-9% on time delivery from dialometrist. They're pretty proud of that. In other words, when they tell you're going to be there, which you choose the date and time, they show up. As opposed to having you sit around on your ass all day long, getting aggravated. That's just one of many reasons why they're ranked first for overall customer satisfaction. And they carry only the best name brand mattresses in the world of unbeatable everyday low prices, or talk in Seely, Serta, Simmons King coil, every size and style of the sun, and exactly the mattress you're looking for is the one they'll deliver. No bait and the swish when you do your deal with dialometrist. So if you want to get a great mattress that'll perform for you for years to come, pick up that phone, make one easy call. That's all you have to do. Forget about slept in all of our time to bedding in apartments doors will rip you off. Call 1-800-MATT-R-E-S, there'll be no time at all, taking away the crappy old bedding instead of the great new one. 1-800-MATRIUS FOR DOLLOMATRIUS THE PERFECT WAY FOR YOU IN YOUR BACK TO START OFF THE NEW YEARS. LINE AND LOCKAL A YEARS FOR SWITTY O560-SUE, YOU AEM. Lottley Pop Little Boy. The next Christopher Lowell Show. Lottley, come with me to Georgetown in Washington, DC to see my toughest project yet, decorating a typical Republican home. They're not like the Republicans of the past, more like the distant past. Not my type, but when you're living in a plutocracy, I don't have much choice. Look at the bright side. Maybe this will get me in a freight car with a nice corny streetman on the window. OK, sensible Republican lamb shades. They like the ones made out of Jewish skin. You gross isn't it? That's the toughest part for me. They make the light much too dim with that orange yellow hue. Next the room all dingy. Oh well, I also get that great not to judge. Now I've got a nice Ming runner in the foie, with a nice touch, but for you, man, hair throws. Not my style, but easy to shake out after wiping your feet. Here we are outside, and this rather important White House client of mine. I'm not mentioning any names. Anyway, he wants a vintage lawn jockey on his lawn, but not the kind you think. Now this is a Republican half. So he wants to hire a really neat growl. The sensible Republican home on the next Christopher Lowell show only on Discovery Channel 500 times a day. 1032 at 560WQ and we got the new tabloids. Thanks again, Josie Lambeet, and I got the worst news. I just looked at the front page of the star, the worst news ever. Bye bye bye! Brittany back with Justin, their hot sexy night. Oh. Who the hell are these people kidding? Is there anybody in the world who believes this? Oh, hey Justin! Bye bye bye! Get lost, you little Twinkie man, Justin Tinkerbell. Bobby tried to kill Whitney. What are we going to pick your hood around the front page? I'll swed it up, landed up like a wild bitch. Brutal attack ends in bloodbath. Sean were the truth at last. She wrote bicycle to her death, the mystery shoe, and her final moments of terror in the globe. Judge Judy goes wild her $10,000 spending's free. Tried hood sequence of your favorite stars, including a real punky look in George Clooney, the me more in a cold kidman. Charlie Sheen's marriage crumbles, shocking proof, clone baby is a fake. Oh, that's any inquiries, so we believe them a hell lot more than never source still trying to say, Well, you know, do you think it really is a fake? How would you think? Leave it to be for stars here or one addiction or exclusive interviewer? Oh, and I wish you could that be. I don't know. Let me thumb through a Jeff Gordon's new beauty gets his motor running. Not a few bow mut. A few more bow mut on a Jeff Gordon. Well, he figures like I said before the dead guys don't run away, but before we do any of that, I do want to say this. Somebody faxes me a very important thing. He says Bill Gates did something right. Brutal spares that a Madonna is not a fan that has some talent. Why isn't Moe on a pullway? Splendid to you, okay sir. He's small potato. These are people known worldwide making millions and millions and millions. But he has a very wise and rosy on the pull. How can I have left her out for there? Eric, we must put rosy O'Donnell on there immediately. If not sooner. My apologies, rosy. Okay. Thank you. It says George W. is running way that although we does have talent to tell to dodge questions regarding his past, the talent to make people and his party at least follow him and the talent to screw up English line with your just some of his many talents. And then in a close you'd be the one running away with it. I heard you call her Raquel. She is not a cow. She's a pig. A pig would lipstick is still a pig of the show. Thank you very much for reminding me about fat rosy. I think we're almost like rot maxed out on rosy, you know what? But put her on Eric or else. Now what am I looking for? I'm looking to find the star that he eats the beaver. Veda down. Smothers brother son is a porn star. Oh man, they see gross. Put some clothes back on sweetheart. Come on. They always bury the good stuff. Wait a minute. Stars get wet and wild on the beach. There's Tom Arnold. Wow. The truth about those private child support collection agencies. There's Elvis. He's still on look to bed. Charlie Sheen battling to save his mirrors. We know that already. Where the hell is that? Let's see. Here's the updates on the soap operas. Passion's Sheridan is terrified when Antonio is medical condition takes a turn for the worst. That already happened. I like yesterday. Rebecca presses Gwen to persuade Julian to adopt Ethan as legal heir. And nurse interrupts Beth as she's about to murder her mother. We already seen that. What's the date on this? January 21st. We already saw that. She was pulling a plug on mommy. Maybe she'll do it again. Poor psychotic Beth. I guess that's the show that's going to be on here today. The one I saw yesterday was she was diving for the bouquet. She was going to have a wedding. And the bride threw us the bouquet. And the all the desperate broads line up to see who's going to catch it. And Beth came running in from knocking waiters down about it. And dives made a greater catch than around a getzons even ever made. It was great. Chris Carter would eat his heart out. How's Chris in a rendezvous? Hate filled Oswald acted alone a killing Kennedy sure he did. Ted said to quit Senate as daughter battles cancer. Kentucky. Shocking who clues the missing wife mystery. He's a bitch that's taking like a bath in chocolate. And I do mean a nasty. Oh, woo. Just cover up the head. Drunk Bobby tried to kill Whitney. I didn't know he knew Ray Whitney. Survivor winner patches things up with soft porn wife. Missy Elliott gets her body down. Get your body down, honey. Get your body down on it. That could bugs me. What is his name? He's in that the 70's show. Kind of a strange looking. That's the one. That's the one. That movie now. Yeah, that's that's what this thing is about. Ryan carries new triple X romance. Hard throughout band diesel and where I have a lot in common. Then Ryan carries newest romance as action packs. He's fallen hard for hunky triple X heart throughout. Vin Diesel. The two some snuggled and oh. Stop already. Maybe he's doing a waste of Miguel. Do you think? And freaky Carlisle of the M.I.W.L. He was mentioning about Luis so getting really fat and grotesque. Too bad we can't look as good as you Carlos. I don't see anything on it. Maybe I'm not even looking to write one. If you think that I missed it, here it is. They saved us for the last inside two pages. Right next to Johnny Cash and Pitation Nightmare. Take a look at Johnny Cash. Don't he look good? Oh. His nose is where his left ear used to be. And his right eyebrows under his chin. But other netty looks pretty good. How's sad? Poor Johnny. Leave it to Beaver's stars heroin addiction. Golly, Wally, Whitteny, Whity was a heroin addict. Whity. Whity. Yeah. After he left the classic TV show, leave it to Beaver's Stanley Fafara, who played Whity, went to jail, became a heroin addict and lived on the streets. But today Beaver's pal is clean and sober, writing a book looking to jumpstart his acting career and rekindling friendships with old friends, including the Beaver himself, fat-faced, your mothers. Take a look at your mothers, by the way. Oh yeah. Talk about fat-faced. Somebody stuck a bicycle pump in his neck. And then exclusive inquiry interview 52 year old Fafara revealed that kind-hearted mothers took time off from recent charity appearance in Portland, Oregon, to have dinner with him and celebrate his recovery from addiction. Fury has a great heart, said Fafara's a good friend. A good pal. Yadia. Oh, this is not who cares about Whity. Nobody. And what am I saying? Who's like, oh, not Tony Dow, please. Never mention about this little black plastic belt. Yes, we're couple times. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, uh, 18. Brittany Beckwood just in their hot section at this is in the star. Before we love our tabloids stuff, I'll tell you that. Tom Hanks, new driving drama, Park Me If You Can. And we'd like to park your ass like on another planet. Maybe the radians can take Tom Hanks away. Please. No, they might clone him. No. Bad move. Golden global words 2003, Sunday, January 19th on NBC that never forgives you Tom Rokoff. Uh, what am I looking for? I'm looking for whatever was on the front. Oh, yeah, Brittany in the backwood Justin. Why do they keep doing this to us? I mean, nobody really believes this. In fact, I believe in the radians in the cloning before I believe in this. Hey, Justin. Bye, bye, bye. It is Brittany and Justin a couple again. Rekindled romance, they're together again, but they're taking things slow. She said, okay, first try to grow one. Do you get your paycheck yet Carlos? Carlos got his check. All right. Now we can say that it was worth coming in. Have a great weekend everybody. We're all going home. Huh? Get that pack of gum. He's got a lay away. And it's not even written. He's like a generic brand. It's one of those that doesn't have it just as gum on a pack. Generic. Yeah, like they used to sell it extra. Poor extra. Remember extra? Yeah. They're still the same. No change. Still out of business extra broke. Well, I guess that I see one like an Amsterdam. You go to the supermarket. You have to like bag your own groceries. And you have to have to bring your own bag or pay for one. You have to pay for it. Let's go. It's okay. What do we need? It's okay. What's wrong with that? I don't like that. That's like extra. That's one of the many reasons they went out of business. Plus they only carried the gigantic industrial size. Like the 20 pound boxes. You're like, now you've been used to it on your hair when used to invite them in. Passion explodes. Squirt's court during New York rendezvous. It says. Seriously. I mean, she is just so incredible such a knockout. And he is the snotiest, nasty, as torpey as the he even call us looks better in him. And that's really pushing it, you know? That's really getting carried away. Because there are damn few things living on the face of the earth. I don't know if you can't tell us what's better than. But just in tinkerbell, not even close. They're back. It says with about 18A's in it. Just when he thought it was a safe bet that Brittany Spears and Justin Timberlick were his resources. Wild child Brittany and Rex Leverhook, that was spotted going back to renew a part or door, new apartment in New York City. The couple found themselves in New York in mid-December. Justin was there for a radio promotion concert and stayed on for another week. ordering ray Charles. Just in the side of the reach out. It was around midnight when the effect I think she'd be doing better with Clarence. Huh? At least Clarence's, I mean, I'll be very big but at least we're pretty sure he's got one. I don't think just a great one. I don't think just in think her bell's got a penis. I don't know but I'm pretty damn sure he does not. Maybe that's why she's hanging out with him. He's safe. He's safe. Just in the side of the reach out was around midnight when the pair got out of a chauffeur during black SUV in Manhattan, the trendy No-Ho district, No-Ho. And dancing to a building where Brittany recently bought her renovated a spectacular kind of apartment. Her 25 year old brother Brian already has a unit in the same building. Maybe you can learn it too. I'll just then he can strap it on. Which features a classic New York lobby with marble floors, high-savings and arttico murals. They walked into Brittany's building hand in hand, says a source, and once they were in his lobby they started making out and sucked face all the way to the elevators. That's what it says right here in the Sunday sucked face. Oh my god. Hey Justin, suck this. On second thought. Get out of here. They sucked face all the way to the elevators. Isn't that a wonderful term? No. Well I mean I can think of some people it might be very exciting but just an in Brittany sucking face. They had their arms wrapped around each other. You never know they never broken up. The source says the pair wrote up the apartment alone but it's not hard to figure out what was coming next. Justin left alone three hours later looking rumpled and happy says the source, you knew the math. You doing the math? I'll get my calculator. Although Brittany and Justin thoroughly enjoyed their reunion sources say she's not going to shout it from the rooftops. She was thrilled about what happens as a source her night would just and was hot but she's keeping the details very close to her heart which is right behind those two jug in if things that look like breasts. Friends say the singer doesn't want to make the same mistakes she made the past that and it goes on. How are you pressing? You'd like that picture though. Look at how it at, oh, I'm like, perfect singing out and her jeans are down like to about her knees. I like that look at the hit hugger. As a matter of fact, look at that. I think she's got a penis. She's got something look at that. She's got a package there. I'll check it out. I'll give you a read. What? That's in fact, doesn't she look a little tubby there? Doesn't work out. She's got like a little belly. Yeah. Maybe she's got a little something in the oven. Huh? Cookies? 567.0560. 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. And the best part of it is all those desperate Lonesome housewives. The same ones who watch Oprah and Jenny Jones. They go to their supermarket. They pick up these tablets and they believe every damn ordinance in there. I'd like us and I believe the Raleans. I believe Miss Cleo first. Here's Miami, though. Yeah, Neo, this is Craig and Miami. It's also a mo. I got two things in the one. If I saw a mo, that only would have taken, but I would use the juice from his bag as my lubrication. Okay. 560. 560. 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. George W. is off. He's off and run in 167 votes. Lucky is person on the face of the earth most successful East talent. And in the course, he's woven up there. Now the guy was right. 59. A late edition and she's already got 59. She might catch him. That disgusting cow. A pig. Oprah 48. I guess Oprah's the count ended up calling the pigs. That's the way it works. Yes. Larry King 21, M&M 21, Bill Gates 15, everybody else single digits. Does anybody have zero? And Rosie just went on her. She's got one. In fact, what I'm hearing she's got a big one. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. You know, I was just grabbing the phone. That's okay. You can grab it. Okay. The Bachelor at I'm Fort Lauderdale. I think it's a good show. They showed clips from the next few shows and the guys were just like in the Bachelor. They were like, oh, you're picking the wrong guy and they were bunch of whims. I have a connection with her. I came all this way. I had a meter. Yeah, but they've had about 50,000 of those shows on last two years. I mean, it's all the same stuff. But it's fun to have these allegedly Marcho Men grobble like that. Yeah. Successful Men, handsome men who have to look. I guess this kind of like Jackass, that's a new thing in American out. People wanting to see other people make fools out of themselves and de-meaning and de-grade themselves like on Jerry Springer, same thing. Who is the radio executive from Boka? Is the radio executive from Boka, the show's I'm going to be Josh? He was on Channel 10 afterwards with his family. Oh, no, you're talking about Josh Cron. Oh, yeah, yeah. That's it. He is a sales hole from from right now down the hall here, power 96. Oh, yes. Yeah. He's the son of Luke Cron. He's scary looking. Well, if he's the son of Luke Cron, that should tell you. I know, have a great day, pal. Thank you so much. Well, he likes the bachelor, right? Are there any hot looking people out? I guess I already. Oh, here's the facts of the day. Oh, and excellent. Oh, this is the best facts I've ever had. Not not talking about Greg's. How could we leave her off? And you'll disagree with me, but here is a person who has no discernible talent whatsoever is making millions is value, who would feature in tablets. Sir, thank you so much. Or who may whoever sent me this facts. Right. The luckiest person on the face of the earth who has had the most success in least town is none other than the Wheel of Fortune's letter turning Bimbo Vanowite. Sir, you are absolutely correct. You're on there right away. Right away. I agree with that. Huh? Why would I disagree? I don't know. She has no talent. She has no key to either. Right. She's gone generic. She's got raising that cute face once upon a time. Uh, not for a long time now. Okay. That's all those naked pictures that were there there. But she's, they can't do anything. Right. No, she can turn down. And I'll be honest with that even at least, I mean, he's her cohort on air with the houses name Pat the Sage. Not that I dislike him or anything, but I mean, he is so, he's so low key. He's one step away from coma inducing. I love to show. Watch it almost every night if I'm home. But the, uh, the, uh, 10. I once got Columbus Ohio with no letters. Oh, yeah. I've had several puzzles that I guess. That's the fun of the show. You don't give a crap about those morons on air. You want to guess the puzzle Columbus Ohio with no letters. That's pretty good. Nice going. Yeah. What a catch it. Nothing. I did that once. Did you? With Carl's bad caverns. Anyway, she's a multi-minute air due to spin off from the show board games computer games. And of course, don't forget the games in Vegas, the, uh, uh, slow machines. Do you ever play those? That's not that. Oh, you have to get the brand. No, you haven't been out there since they started doing. That's very, very popular. Huge. They have Nick quarter ones and they got the dollar ones. And five dollar ones. And in the background, they're wheel. Oh, four. And it goes on and on and on. And then if you, if you do the spin, you spin the thing and it gets lands on the wheel, then you get to spin the thing. Yeah, it goes like that. You get to spin the wheel. Like at the Indians that time. That was, that was just, that appearance was it put all the others to shame. That was just an a class by some. Let us play some cards. Oh, right. Yeah. We're going to play some poker with those 90 year old altercocards in there. It says the worst part about it is that she doesn't even physically rotate the letters anymore. She just touches the screens ever so lightly with her index finger. Well, she doesn't want to let you to hang mail. The least that bitch could do is a little physical work by turning the letters to financial success of that effing bitch pisses me off because I'm sickly hiding this five days a week making one tenth of what she makes in a week. No wonder every country hates us. I'm moving to Canada tomorrow. God bless America. Oh, Justin. Oh, Justin. Wrong. Justin. I guess. Hey, Justin. Bye. Bye. He's right. Vanowike goes on there immediately. I guarantee you'll do well. I'm sorry, but to me, he's got the definitive answer. Rosie was another glaring omission on my part, but Vanowike. I mean, at least Rosie's controversial. I mean, people hate her. They've, she's disgusting. Whatever. You know, but Vanow is just like air. The air. It's there. You know what I mean? Yep. Paul says happy new year was a flipping the channel's last night on cable and came correct interview with Tom Jika. What a bald-headed little pussy looks like Truman Capote. I want to work out channel. That was on. Must have been the pubic access channel. An addition to which I noticed the byline on this calmness morning. Hollywood soon must be out there again. Taking freebies in Hollywood. Because it's like in between seasons I guess now. So he must be out there at California again suck on a polyfree food and booze from all those producers of new TV show as opposed to being here. I think he's out of touch. Don't you? Yeah, I think he's out of touch with the local scene. I don't think he can feel the pulses off Florida. So he went all those really great columns about local south Florida TV and radio that he was planning on writing some year. Here's today's facts from Greg. You definitely have the wrong Greg as your program director. We don't have any Greg as a program director. We have preferences of program director. I never really Greg is our general manager. I've never really listened to your newest version of the cursed team. So I decided to give it a chance this morning for about 20 minutes. Let me just say this. There was moments you keep playing. I thought you invented some funny voices, some fictitious characters to make fun of, but they were practically dead on. No, Mo was just abusing Goldilocks. It was like an SNM show, bossing her. I mean bossing him around like he was his slave. Well, I'll do it in the net. Your morning show is the most boring piece of crap I believe I've ever heard in my life. I would rather listen to the endless loop of Rick Sanchez running out and over that guy outside the stadium several times. Seriously, no, you'd go all the way back to the first teams in Finn stages with Dave Laman and Joe Rose, or even any combination thereafter. And any of that would be better than the sorry excuse for a show. Kick Mo off and send Goldilocks to a testicle growing seminar than put dead air on for four hours so we can count the chuckles through our speakers. PS without a doubt in my mind the best call ever representing South Florida in the history of your program is the lady wanting to free tickets when she didn't know what they were for. They were just free and she wanted them. I'm very happy you don't give any crap on here anymore. So, Greg. Now, let's see. Pretty good behavior, Greg. I think we finally got you in the right place. We have that, by the way. I know we have that. It's I'm not playing it, but it is very, it's opportune that he mentions that because I forgot all about what you told me. Yesterday, Woody Graver comes in here. We're in the size 92, pants with the size 52, waist and the belt. He's got the pants up to his armpits and trying to scam us again. Oh, don't you want to give away some tickets on here? No. And so I just mentioned something about that about free tickets. And finally this morning, George tells me immediately, and barely got the words out of my mouth about free tickets. And some bitch calls in on one of the lines. I just heard Neil give him a sound away. Some free tickets. What's had about? See what I mean? You're right. We do have a lot of women listening out there. The problem is that only one is something for free. Here's something for free. Let's see. Why isn't the person's slob? You just mentioned Tom Arnold isn't on the list. He's very successful with no tell whatsoever. What an ask is there? Jeff, who's becoming a chronic factor. That's okay, Jeff. It's okay. Tom Arnold. Hey, he's very small for the engineer. People in Moscow don't know from Tom Arnold. They know Wayne Arnold. Well, that sounds good, you know. What? That's ain't a word. Doesn't it sound good? I mean, the last time. Carlos would like some of that. Yeah, I mean to. So get on the phone. I bet you don't come over here. I mean, what's wrong with that? What's wrong with the little white hide? Nothing. That was really good last time. It was excellent. In fact, it keeps getting better and better. I'm I'm a game for it. I'm gay for it. 560, 560, pound 560. So thank you so much for some excellent additions today. It was an oversight on my part. And here I thought I had put together a pretty definitive list. I wasn't even close. Leave it off and in a cool Smith. Uh-huh. Who's moving up rapidly. I don't think she's going to catch W, but she's a very strong second place. Leave it off Well, sir, I leave off. Fat Rosie. And Vanu, Vanu went on her just now. She immediately got two votes. She got a pair. Hard to find him, but she's got a pair. And again, the media, it's just like everything else is hype. Oh, Vanu, why the, what? Vanu, what? What? She, she like he said. They she touches the letter and it lights up. Which he has nothing to do with it, let it up. It's all, you know. It's all like everything else until it's all make believe. I mean, at least Pat, when a, uh, here that bell at the end, they running out of time. At least he has to give that wheel a big spin. That's more than she does the whole goddamn show. Right? Well, she's got to pay attention. In addition to what you think she can spell most of those words that are on there. A couple times. I'm on R. All right. Just as Pat is about to say, oh, sorry, no, she's like, she's starting to press, you know, letters. That bitch Vanu, why? She, it isn't, she's not the one that bugs me so much. It's the people that make a big fuss about her that bother me. Because she's on television like Howardville, like, oh, like Ned Baty, told Howardville. Because you're on television, dummy. Good God. Pretty frightening. But it is a good show. And see, there's why more Griffin's got all that money. Does he have any votes on this thing? I don't, I don't even know your right. I probably shouldn't have put him on her. Suffer the fact that he can't sing and back him that he's before you got lucky and invent all these quiz shows. He was still a big success. His big hit was, I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts. Right. And then he tear your still and want to see him. He's in last place. He's only got one. So this audience is doing a magnificent job. They see one day. You are already yesterday to like throw in the towel. George said, let's just get out of here. Yeah, let's just go out on a beach and just stick our thumb out and hitchhike up to a Viro and, you know, pick a chance to unlife and get away from my wife or something like that. He said, did you call a Hudson and Wayne? Yes, I did. And he said on his way. All right. Well, I mean, he's going to start to fry up. Let's see. Just in Timberlake has been hot forever. But when you see his new picks and rolling stone with his shirt off, you're going to squeal. No real fat, Katrina. Oh my god. Oh, yeah. What was he doing? A really blind bag. It's signed Ray Charles. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. I deal with you here. This is cruisers having problems in his marriage. Yeah. You get that. Yeah. What a shock. She's squishy. Five, six, seven. Only also with you. He's lawsuit against them. Remember that? He withdrew that lawsuit about those who said the he walked this way. Why can't these people? I mean, what difference does it make at this point? He's got so much so many many millions and millions and millions and millions. Why don't all you phony faggotts come out of the closet already and stop? And you want to know why? Because no matter how many millions they've got, they're lifestyle requires that they keep the money coming in because how many times do we get these sorry, sorry as stories about former Hollywood star so-and-so is broken, died all alone and broken some flee bag, flop house somewhere. Doesn't it just tear you up? Yeah. Give me about a hundred million. Let me see how far I can stretch it. Call up mature. See if he's going to send me some money back. Although you should be everybody's not just no rumor lives in a very fancy fancy neighborhood. Chris Chamber lives in there and any Jones and I heard the harness driver any Davis and any Davis Jr maybe moving in there too is what I'm hearing. Good old rumor. You're not getting your lunch by the item. You don't like you. Here's Miami, hello. Okay, that was my Disney from what he moved station they got and I'm sorry David Ross. I can't keep him straight. Disney's already got hot and EDR. What's that new station WMIB men and black? So there's a little sample for you 103.5 that used to be she used to be a great station and then they turned into a bunch of a crap. The planet, the ozone layer, whatever the hell it is. And now it's MIB men and black. Anybody listen to it? No. No. 1057 at 560 WQA and when you left the house this morning you noticed how dirty your car was. You didn't have time to wash it and those so-called car washers of gas stations can't get it done. Here's a great idea for you. Take your car this weekend. University car wash and lube. You'll find them on university drive between sterling and Griffin roads in Davis because they do it all for you. Full service washes, Deluxe washes, hand washes. That's right a great hand job. Complete detail on rug shampooing. Right now University car wash and lube you can get unlimited full service car washes for as little as 32.95 for the entire month. That's right for just 32.95 and again that's for the entire month. You can get washed every day if you want. Need no oil change. Get a complete quality pensore oil change and free full service car wash for just 22.95 when you sign up for their free preferred customer card. So keep that new car shine all winter long only from University car wash and lube. If you're a snowboard need to get that car look a new again. Stop by at University car wash and lube. This weekend get the schmutz and gram off your car once and for all. Stop by at University car wash and lube they be the best. You'll find University car wash and lube on University drive between Griffin and sterling roads in most prestigious Davies. And locals this is Fort Radio 560. Why do you best you tonight on air? It's the Anon Nicole shop. America's favorite slum tree trash whose only claim the thing was that she knew a rich guy. Anon Nicole the no talent fat going pasty but thing is celebrity. Between your cheese. You mean here? Yeah. Now watch tonight as Bob Villet applies their makeup. All right. You should perfectly still you shouldn't feel a thing when I use this power roll. She doesn't look good. She can't attack. She can't talk. She can't think. Say she could run for President. The Anon Nicole show tonight on air. It's 11.1560 WQM happy Friday to you. 423 votes on a pool from the bottom up. Murphy Griffin appear Tom Brokha 3. Ah, just change again. What didn't do that? Just to spite me I guess. From the bottom up Griffin 2 Brokha 3 fan of white Scott 4 now. She just went on there like a heart beat ago. The Donna 6 Bruce Springston and Bob Villet as each have 6. Slice the loan 7. Rosie O'Donnell and Jerry Springer 8. Rosie just went on there like 4 seconds ago. We just filled the 9. Bill Gates 18. Larry King stuck on 21. Donny Shrestidaw. MMM 22. Oprah 54 and an Nicole past. Oprah like she was sitting on a ranch. 72 to 54 Anon Nicole said and way ahead of everybody ahead of the next two uh uh the night next three together George W 1802 votes. Who's the luckiest person on the face of the earth most success and least towners are pulled today. Here's Boca. Hello. Amy. Yes sir. Real quick I just wanted to let you know that I'm with the treasure coast which is basically center Florida Psychiatric Association. Yeah and there's a study that's posted on the web regarding your show and it basically it's I guess it's covering since you come back or whatever and it talks about how you're relying a lot on negativity as well as the callers' negativity without that. How long are you going to take you to make this deal up? What do you mean? What do I mean? What do I mean? Yeah. And I read it so I wanted to let you know. I mean why do we care? There's all kinds of crap on a web assuming that there's a thing to be no play. But what does it mean? Well I'm just saying they're analyzing, they're analyzing you and it seems to broken down your show. Well let me ask you this. Are you listening to this show? Yeah. Listening to it today. I mean I don't know. Well what do you mean today? Do you listen to what often? Five occasionally I listen to it. Why? Why? Well I'm from if I'm in my car is entertaining. Okay thank you. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. We're not negative on this show. No. This town is negative and that's why we get so much response. If you want to do we do positive who's your favorite male of art we all kinds of positive fools. Are you positive? No. I'm negative. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a AT. What do you say he was he needed a shrink as what he said? Something like that. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes man. Hi. Hello. Thanks. What's that racket in the background? I mean you want to do something classic. Okay. I think you said club study for a good one excellent choice. Thanks. Thank you. Okay. Have a good lunch. How good lunch? Eight. Eight. Eight. Eight. Eight. Eight. Puff Daddy. Excellent choice. How can we leave that piece of crap off? Let me run home in Vot real quick to see. Now you're being negative though. And I thought I'm going to be a thing on a website there about the second answer. Trinket. No impositiveness. In my case they couldn't shrink it any more than it's already shrunk. Uh five six seven five sixty. Seriously. I mean you people out there man it's just it's astonishing it's just isn't it now not really. Now what you been doing this this but it sounds good. Yeah, we're relying a lot on negativity. Let's be positive. What do you say? No, because I'm back in South Florida again. That's another thing. It's a lot easier for me to be positive when I'm doing the show from any place else. But when I'm here I get that field. You know it like, oh yeah, you get the vibe. And remember what I said about being polite about when you're in Toronto that it rubs off on you and you start your whole the door open for people are like 100 yards behind you. You know, but you see they're going to go out the door and just stand their whole like you're the door man because it just just went and roll. You know, follow what I'm saying. Do the Romans. And so that's how it works out. But when you're here it's like, ah yeah, you're like that all the time. It's a survival thing. I mean if you're going to try to be nice and polite here you ain't going to cut it. They see that as a side of the side of weakness is right. Bad. But I'm glad the guy finds the show entertaining. That's good. Your call wasn't was marginally entertaining. It was fairly amusing. I get about what three and a half in a scale of 25. It was okay. Call us when you fight a good shrink by the way, sir. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Anyhow. Our management could use one. Yes, sir. I just want to know. I think you're boring. Unintentionally. Okay, go. Well, I'm turning on a show you like. Okay. Go ahead and finger do yourself. I was going to say finger if yourself. But that would be bad. 560560 pound five 60 on a AT&T. Here's homestead. Hello. They all have to go. Okay. And did you know why you have thick noses? Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Have a Friday. And back to you. Have a John Madden. How about him? Go ahead. 5605. Let's get back to some material here. Okay, because obviously they haven't got any. It's amazing how it's like always is that always. It happens like it once. Simultaneously was going along great. Yeah. And then all of a sudden like a one like you hit a brick wall. It's like the community getting a megaphone and saying collectively. Hey, the arotomaterial better do some other stuff now. Man, oh man alive. Woo. The tour of officer Severus woman's finger. Call us give this to me a couple days ago. And it's still a good story. A Detroit police officer with the knife cut off the finger of a 45 year old woman. He's trying to handcuff an apartment on eight mile road. I bet your M&M is frosted about that. Because you know how much M&M likes the police. The police who were in plainclothes said she was resisting arrest. The woman, Johnny Gullis of the Detroit said Monday. She thought she was being cardact. According to police reports obtained by the Detroit Free Press officer Anthony and your Johnson pulled out a knife Sunday morning to cut off the sleeve. Of Gullis' oversized coats of computer left hand in the handcuffs. Johnson of the knife, Grasht, precinct has been placed on desk duty. A typical move after officers use force during arrest is not been charged with the crime. Commander Ralph Goodby Jr said only that internal affairs was investigating the officer's behavior during the incident which happened about 238 a.m. Sunday, though the department does not issue knives. Many officers carry them for a longer than things, cutting seat belts to free accident victims. Johnson and two other officers writing in an unmarked car on a special burglary patrol when they noticed Gullis' van in a parking lot near the Huddle Lounge near 8 mile in Grasht. Gullis said in Pope of what a terrible city that's turned into, oh. But anyway, Gullis said she just left the barn was waiting for others to come out so they should go to get it at breakfast when a car pulled up and somebody trying to spotlight in their posts. A man approached that it was the police and demanded her ID. Gullis said she could make out only a silhouette asked a man for police identification. I just thought I was getting a hijacked right then there she said. After some heated given take between the two over IDs, Johnson approached the window demand and Gullis' license. He wrote in his report that Gullis smelled of booze but refused to reduce her license saying she wasn't doing anything wrong. She shifted her car into reversion began to back up. He wrote, Gullis denies that she moved the car. Johnson wrote that he reached inside to open the door and Gullis pinned his hand with her knee and began moving the car backward again. Johnson wrote that he hit her in the face open the door and pulled her outside of the pavement. He said she was pulling and pushing away from him violently. Well I guess if you thought you were being carjacked you'd be pushing into Yankee and that's whatever. He cuffed her right hand but couldn't get to her left hand which he had tucked under her body. He pulled on her coat sleeve she pulled her hand inside he wrote, Gullis denies that denied that and said to sleeves on a coat normally hang over her hands. Concerns he might be reaching for a weapon, Johnson pulled out a pocket knife and cut the sleeve off to speed up the cuffing process he wrote. He severed her left ring finger at the top knuckle and deeply cut her middle finger she said. He said that her fingers look worse than OJ's. Police at the scene we moved the finger tip but it couldn't be reattached. She should have probably sliced off his Johnson. Would have been a better. Another great story from Detroit baby. Which used to be a great city about a hundred years ago back before 1977. Back before a bunch of folks decided like to burn it down. 560, 560, Pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Palm Beach Gardens. Hello. Yeah how you doing Neil? Okay sir. Good. I was looking to hear Lissie at Georgia W on their Anna Colz Smith and they're home you know, marginal but I think Dona Cornelius. Yeah. I was in search of an year ago. Yeah Don Cornelius is a lot. I had as a log. Most un-tailed to birth. Okay thanks. When I saw you saying of course. I said he's got that voice. I didn't say of course but I went with Don Cornelius. And even though you know I know you like him a lot. How about Cornelius brothers and sister Rose? It's from our more since he replaced her. Well here's a good pool who has the bigger ass Oprah and Nicole Rose O'Donnell J. Lowe or Hillary Clinton. This is obviously from somebody who thinks the Hillary is all ass and I don't think I could argue with that. Let's do a line up. I left off that boy. I got news for it right now. Okay whoever facts this to me. It's an excellent list but when you leave Jeff high off at Lissie you're not even warm. I think his ass rivals all of them combined. You could put all their rectums together and fat boys got him licked so to speak. 5-6-7-0-5-60 has the pool coming who's the luckiest person on the face of the earth most success least talent. We got 442 votes already from the bottom up. How I do them from the bottom up I don't know why. Murgryffin 2 Tom Brokaw 3 Vanuite 5 Madonna 6 Bruce brings the in 6 sliced alone 7 Barbara water 7 the Don Quenita is 45. I'm just making them. Jerry spring or 8 read this bill ben 9 Rosio Donald's up to 11 and she just went on their 20 seconds ago. Bill Gates 18 Larry King is up to 22 that's going Larry. Don't miss us to that. M&M 22 Oprah 56 and Nicole Smith 74 and George W. Bush 187. Nice going W. Let's I'll tell you what let's have the election over again the 2000 election. Let's just have a week or a week count. That's just doing all over again. Okay. Same people. Well, well, let a few dark posts of vote this time. Bill, I mean same candidate. Yeah. It'll be Alkong Grove the beard this time. No, but we'll do it like real fast. Well, nobody's looking. 5-6-7-0-5-60 can't elect a way to count it in my time. Pound 5-60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marvel Slime. You got to admit, baby. It was really great with all that Chad counting and excitement. Another one of the fantastic things about South Florida. The Rayley and press conference in Hollywood, poor little alien all of these things. The Chad countered that Judge with that eye popping out of his head. He was my favorite. Oh, no question. And he was he was worldwide man. His eye was more famous than anything in the world. Because even when I was in Europe and on the CNN there he has there's the thing here. And Pound Beach County Florida in the U.S. The, it's an eye popping election. Theresa LePore and she still got her job is that the deal. Yeah. And Miriam Elephant. She still got her job to that pitch for it. And Katherine Harris. And Katherine Harris. So she's got a new job. Moving on up. She's moving on up to the east side. Well, I'm at west side. Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I don't look pulling local, but I chose to get these all of the mates. Me. It's where he's got it. I don't want to say him not for him here. Are you knocking my good friend Joseph Gackie again? I am. Yes. My good post personal friend. Yeah. shame on you. Oh, no. That's not what I wanted to play. I wanted to play. Uh, my. Oh, my. Oh, no. It does. It does. I know. 567. 0561. Oh, my god. Here's your close friend Rick Riley. Hey, Cookie. Better late to never sweet, aren't? Well, I guess the carrier pitch is just arrived. Yeah. I just heard the news. No. Yeah. Well, you don't talk to suds? Not on a regular basis. Why not? Why not? And you only is enough. Come on. We talked this morning. He called us on Monday. I know. I know. Which I thought was very nice on his part. And he was also a guest on Georgia show while I was on one of my 45 vacations. I heard that. Yeah. By the way, George, we're not standing out any tape. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I got it. I got a clue when I thought it was a joke. They call me from the funeral home city was going to be gone for a couple of days. One, no, if I could still end. See that funeral. Huh? See that's what we got our. I'm not touching any of this. I'm not really sure where this is going. I'm just calling. We're letting Rick Riley self-immalade on the year again. Of course we're used to that Rick. So what are you doing these days? You're okay? I'm out at a great time doing what? Is your kid trying to call himself a pick-up truck? Whatever I want and it does involve radio. Yeah. Well, that's good. I like that. I got the clear channel cure. Excellent. Yeah. They'll do it. Yeah. So anyway, no, I was I was startled to hear that Mikey died. It was shocking, you know? It was. How old was he? Sixty. Who's about six months older than me? You know, well, either he didn't wear it well or you wear it well because my thought he was older than me. No, we all did. He just had, you know, that kind of a life. But he was he was born like in June of 42. It was six months older than me. What did he die of? It wasn't really very specific. But I think, you know, the life of smoking and the certain other things. I think that kind of contributed. I don't know whether it was like throat cancer or something. But I think that the smoking is really what it was all about. He was ill for a while. Not really. I mean, it came on fairly suddenly. And I guess he was on the year almost right up until the end from what I'm hearing because when I was back down here in October, November from month and we had a call on the year back then. Since he did here, Mike this morning, he sounded like he was drunk or something and then come to find out that it was verified that the last few days that he was on the year, he would have sounded very bad and that was close to the end. When you when I got a call, or you got a call and said, you said, like you were drunk and you had your stroke. You know, all of these different things. I still have that tape by the way. Of you having your stroke? No, of me calling you on here from the hospital, begging pleading for somebody to come and get me out. All that's right. I was positive that they were going to kill me about signing and it came then close. Yeah, and that's the first thing I wanted to do is come down and take you out and have you die in the way home. Uh-huh. That would have been great. Well, you had to probably got in a better time slide. So anyway, I would have felt bad if I didn't call and at least express my sympathy. Right. And that was a shame. He was a good guy. You know, you and I have both worked with a lot of people in this business and some of them real good guys, a few women, a lot of assholes, you know. As you said, he never stole Frank. Right. He was just, you know, he was just plain old mic. There was nothing complex about him. He was just always the same. I would come in in the morning and he would always be holding up the wall. Yeah. You know, I'm seriously just like standing next to it. You know, just how are you? And, you know, never bother to anybody. Always had something clear to drink. And so you know, your brutal man. No, I hate to listen to that. That was his life. I know. Crane out loud. So I'm and if Dylan saying, I mean, that's you know, he was going on more vacation. When you know something, it's a good thing you didn't call with this material on Monday because not that a few days have passed. And it makes it amazing. Yeah. Yeah. When we, when we got our start there, we had just left Laxie and Boy Gary Cole and said, Mike was going on vacation and wanted to know if we could fill in. And I was just heading out to town and I said, you know, I'll unpack the family, I'll be down there. But is there any other time I could do it? Let me see if I had the ability to do it. I take you out here right now. Take your goddamn teeth in. So he said, well, let me check and come back. He said, yeah, well, when he comes back, you'll be going away again the following week so you can fill in then. He was going all the time. Yeah. So that's what we did. We thought, and of course I am related to that. I got a better deal out than he had. Hard to believe it could be done. I'm working one week, taking off six or seven, working a couple of days, taking off ten or twelve. That's the way to do it. And adding the different country features and I pass it as well. Right. Yeah. So how are you? I'm doing great. Good. I mean, I'm here for a couple of months, which I'm not too happy about, but you know, who don't want to freeze their ass off? Well, seeing I've been doing a lot of traveling. Good. I haven't talked to anybody in radio. I have no desire to. I'm just, you know, I'm just going to tell you. People think that I make these things up about like, Chief Chen, I think I exaggerate and then we'll destroy people's lives and where they have people over. I mean, no matter who you're working for, I mean, these beeslies in Greg Reed, they're not exactly a picnic, but no matter who else you're working for, if it isn't clear channel, it's got to be an improvement because they just have to be the absolute worst. The only problem is you can't work for anybody with clear channel because they bought up everything. Exactly. That's right. There's three companies on every station now. What they've done is just deplorable. Yeah. Yeah. I don't want to get into it, but I will. But you can get into it when you fill in the summer. You have George got his nose. Little out of joy to about that whole thing. No, you're wrong about that. He didn't give those a little out of joy. I was just a, you know, be a friendly guy. Have some fun. We were not on the radio. It wasn't it. I think it's, I think it's, but could you pull it off? Could you do it? What? The whole summer? Yeah. Sure. Okay. I don't know if I'll be around this summer, but if I am, but he likes to do that. I've heard of he's getting real red enough. He's getting real red in the face now. See? No. I love George. Because he, he destroys the numbers when he's on. He just very hard. I love him. And you know something I've been back for like two weeks now, two weeks, yesterday, and it takes me about a month to get the audience back when I come back. I mean, you know, how many eating and shows can you really get away with? Seriously. Dang away. Yeah. At least from that conversation. Okay. I love George, but I got the, yeah, I got the hand. And then they took the survey and they won George. They don't want us. They don't. You took the poll. You won by two votes. I heard it. Yeah. By two votes? Well, if you would have had time to make more calls, it would have been more. You guys did tremendously well on that. I was surprised. In fact, if you would have had as many people listening at the INZ as you had voting for on our podium, still be on the air. I agree. But that proof, it goes to show you. When you're on a station that has no audience like that, it's so... Listen, I just got to get this, just get this off my head. Go ahead. What Dave Ross said, as soon as I flipped this switch, I was profitable and my shareholders were happy. That summed up everything about clear channel. Right. You know, and by the way, the shareholders think too happy because it's down about 50% since then. But the fact is, well, they can't even crack a one share with that Fox Sports thing. The shareholders don't liquor. What about an audience? What about like maybe they don't care about that. Now you're really losing your grip. Their channel isn't care about the audience. All I'm going to say. Right. So anyway, that was my offer and, you know, and it was nice talking to you. And if if if um... Well, I'm certainly going to think about it in a great life. I'm going to put on my skull cap and think about it. Okay, but George does a fine job. No, he does a loveless face. So he's, you know, he does an adequate job. He loves doing it. Maybe that's what's doing it. And more than that, he loves the extra money. He gets because he's a slipper. He's got that unwanted baby now, which, you know, well, I don't want to step in the middle of that. Yeah. So, okay. Well, that's made here from your Rick. It's great to talk to you. And I'm sure we'll be in touch and uh, big kisses to you all. And I'm sure we'll be in touch with it. All right. See you, Rick. All right, bye. Rick, Roddy, there. Rick and Sard's ladies and gentlemen. Once you're just a gig real bad this summer. Let's take that pull again. Maybe they want to change their mind. Maybe after these last couple of weeks when you were feeling in. I. In fact, we never did do the thing about. Well, it's not not long enough time yet. We don't have the audience back. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. This hour, man. This, uh, this is the kind of love we enjoy. This is kind of like an FM couple of breaks. No interruptions. We got some heavy duty important stuff going on overnight. We got a high powered pole going on today. Heavy response 463 votes already. We got a big lunch coming in from our buddy Wayne Arnold, Wayne and Hudson will be here, which I noticed. Duffters came in to see if the food was here yet. Hey, listen, you stick with your brownies in there, Mr. You stick with your brownies. Duff, uh, Duff announced today in the world that he's a brownie home, which surprised me. That was shocking. We knew that, but anyway, here's the poll George W. Bush, 196, the luckiest person on the face of the, oh, you know, who he left off of here? Ah, the most success and the least talent. Greg Reed. See what I mean? So many possibilities. Anyway, George W. Bush, 196, and in the course, myth 81, Oprah 56, and in the course, got Oprah's ass whipped. M&M 23, Larry King 23, Bill Gates 18, Rosie, Fat Rosie's got 12, they hate your Rosie. You just went on there like two seconds ago and you have 12 votes already. Readjust Phil Benign. Jerry Springer rate. I see I'm not, I put them on there, but quite frankly, I can't, I can't honestly say belongs on there. Because even if you despise what he does, he's a clever guy. Right? He has learned how to exploit human stupidity like two people I've ever seen before. He puts that some real jobs. Yeah. That's right. He was in politics, but don't speak too well. Barbara Walters and sliced alone seven, Bruce brings the Madonna van a white he's have six. I can't believe how slowly Van has moved enough that ladder. I thought she was the definitive one. You don't? No, with all those other great choices on there. With Oprah and Anna Nicole. What talent does she have? None, but there's a whole category of bimbosts who make a lot of money. Let's show us indicated all over the goddamn world. You're aware that aren't you? Very lucky. She's known worldwide. Oh, it's Vanna. It's freaking Vanna. She's turning the guy down letters again and making millions of dollars off of it. Hey, what do you mean? Vanne? I don't feel how much money I got to spend. Can't send to lords, get fat say jack again. Well, throw in the tower. Still live by your powers. Oh, Vanna. Pick me a ladder. Hey, man. What do you mean there's no instant fall? Vanna pick me a little. No one does it any better. I dream of all you. Hey, Vanna is that an all over ten or what? Vanna, I won't understand why you make 100 grand not for me to say. Anyway, get me a ticket for an error claim. Gonna be under wheel of fortune game. I just got to win. Vanna, we'll again. Oh, Vanna. Pick me a ladder. Go Vanna, look at me. Go, Vanna. Hey, get out of my face, man. Is that a two way? Is that a hell of that word? Is it a low rider? Oh, no, no, no, no. The crew is a little bit of a better man. I'll think Vanna why you give a minute. Go and make a play the home game. Got me a ticket for an error claim. All right, I'm on the wheel of fortune game. I just love that sound. I'm in the phone and round. Hey, Vanna. Pick me a ladder. Go the turn. Hey, crack loose day. Vanna pick me a ladder. No one does it any better. I dream of all you. All right, that is an all over ten. Vanna, I don't need to stare. Are you wearing underwear? Not for me to say. Any way. I don't hear how much money I got to spend. Can't stand to look at my stage. I can't go again. We'll throw in the towels. Did light by your powers. Oh, Vanna, pick me a ladder. Please Vanna, pick me a ladder. All right, I'm ready to pick, baby. Every CDM, the ticket, ticket. I'm not be driving. Okay, we got you like my team. That's your cover man. All right, I'll take the sofa, the blender, the microwave, the refrigerator. Hey, man, what do you mean 500 dollars for a second light five and portable TV set? You got ripped off, man. My brother and uncle get it for you all sales. Give me the money and I'll buy the TV set, man. All right, I got it from all, baby. 11.25.56. WCM. She's got seven votes. She ought to have like seven thousand now. She is definitely, but every time I think we've got to defend an advanced you that I agree with, another great fact comes in. What to hear this? It says while your list is very provocative and grab some of the most anxious names until every reason years. And certainly your list is brought up some of the additional note-all-and-assels worthy of our division. I think WCM definitely climbs to the top of the letter, built for a successful idiots. I eat the presidency, but I don't think towns involve in politics. If order consider undeserving talents, then the king of great on-town and has to be, Wayne Newton. Huh? Hard argue with that? They'll argue with here. So let's put that on their ear if you can handle it. Wayne Newton, the Wayne Master. He'll probably be very upset and throw a hiccup. My, my, my law. This is for sure you'll be sick. Wayne Newton, you ain't yet. Back to Canada, you too bastard. Rick Riley stole my briefcase. I liked the fart in his face. That's Army Dick. What gives him the right? Oh, I think his wife bought a bite at up to night. Rick Riley stole my briefcase. Here. What? This trace to the human race. Oh, ginger and smuck. And go bersuck. That wheel of meat should also include Rick Riley's butt bump. Oh, Rick Riley stole my briefcase. I like a fart in his face. Yeah. Rick Riley, you're an asshole. All right, none of our great call from Rick, better late than ever like I said. Let him 35, 60 WDQM. Here's a facts. A facts, a, a, a, a, a, a mixing George's ax. Leave George alone. I love George. He's great. Stop complaining. Go back to F and Canada, you piece of crap. Then it says I love you too, Neil. Girl in Miami. Well, she's, you know, She's just kidding around. Okay, but she does love you. She wants it. By the way, the luckiest person in the face of the earth is Anna. Cold by far that slony fat note down and it probably smelly, bitch. I agree with you. I bet she smells like a vat of lard and smell her through the TV. Oh, man. Stinks right through the end set. Five sick. In fact, you have to, they have these new things that they're going to be heading out for people that watch that show. What are the, what would you call the thing? They had a certain kind of thing. You'd scrape like if you had chicken fat scratch and sniff. No, no, if you had chicken fat in a bowl in the refrigerator and then the, the stuff goes to the top and it has that hard layer of fat on top the Reem. You have to have a reamer. Call up reamer and see if he can handle it. Five, six, seven, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Mad dog at one. The hopper from the Crystal Palace in Bahamas of three. You got your shit, go panther, preview with seven. Devils here to play the Panthers in a macaroon tonight. I'm working on trying to get those usher straighten out and fired. That's in 730. Any K from G A after the hockey, even in the ESPN radio overnight. And a very interesting point about that ESPN radio thing that George made yesterday and you were correct this time. Right on it. That is when Joe and Mark were on Friday night. That was a chance for people to sample them. People who were out late. I mean, like real late and water at home in the middle of the night three, four in the morning and here Joe and Mark had a real live show on his station. And they say, oh, by the way, they're on every night. And we actually know who they are and will like maybe put them down. But because somebody on this radio station wanted to have a live lead every morning. Wow, we don't want to have them do in Friday night. So we're going to let them do in Sunday night, which nobody else does anywhere in the universe. And his business, well, I'm just Sunday. So he can have the honor of a live lead in the threat. So he's trying on both ends to like have somebody else goose up his number form. Pillars. Okay. Yeah. That's right. And so what does he do now after claiming to be good buddies with the the dirty boys, which he was talking about odd nauseam, since they were the only people in the building would speak to him. Now he turns on him. Wow. I'm sandwiched it between two non-sports shows. I'm doomed. Well, you're part right. 5605050505050. Leave my good friend Moalong Carlos. It was all Carlos's fault, Mo. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Huh? Good morning, Neil. How are you? Great. Okay. I think I got a name that we overlook the dead man in the chair. Oh, I'm a, I'm a, definitely a good, that's not true though. He's in his time. He's in a lot of good stuff. Not in the last 15 years. Yeah, about 100 years ago. Okay. Thanks. No, I'm as he's to be very funny. As a matter of fact, a lot of people don't realize it, but speaking of I'mus, one of the bits that we've been playing for 100 years. If I can find that anything, it was done by I'mus and his cohorts back when he used to be funny. And we used to do like real radio. Turned about. Water form. Oh, thank you. Come here often. Pardon me. Have you been here before? No, first time. What's your name? Freeway. Freeway. That's nice. Let's take it. Please to me. Choose tickets. Line here. You were here to get some clean. Oh, I don't know. You work around here. I'm a waiter, but actually I'm an actor. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I know. What's the top? You probably need to rely on. Oh, I'll say, but you know, with everything that's new's in all, it's a pain. You can start relaxing right now. Freeway. I brought something. Oh, she. And freeway. Not just any she either. Wow. Gold, women. Pretty. You can't even come to me. Here's the most important part. Freeway. The Pro-Tech label. Pro-Tech. Aren't those in Georgia? By the city council of San Francisco. Absolutely. You know the Pro-Tech slogan, don't you? I sure do. Certified state by the city by the bay. Well, what do you say? Sorry. Look at that. I trust the soap again. Oh, I'll give you. You bet your life he will. And with confidence, because freeway and speaking have condoms. Don't let worry. Sporey all those chance meetings and public showers. Always carry. Pro-Tech. There you go. Those are the days when Don Thomas was really funny and very popular and very entertaining. Now he's very popular and very boring and lucky said it did man in the chair. And make it more money than ever. And not only on radio, uh, uh, uh, uh, syndicated, but also on MSNBC every morning. Although it kind of fits in on that channel, you know, because nobody watches it. 567 we got 500 one votes already and wait Newton just got his first vote. Oh, van is all the way up to 11. Rosie's up to 15. So some of these late additions they're getting they're getting their uh, licks. Here's Volka. Hello. I've heard that Rosie does get her licks. Yes, sir. They knew. Yeah. How are you doing? Okay. Good. I got one for you. She could jump in the fat ass contest too. I have a month Monica Lewinsky. She's like a celebrity. Well, then since you read a book, you know, if you get the famous for, uh, get rubbed off by a cigar. Yeah. She had rubbed off? Well, you know, whatever it rubbed out. Okay. Let's see. Let's pass it by the judges. Okay. There's no chance. I mean, like, uh, she is well known. She's famous, but she doesn't pretend to be a talent. Was she a some talent? She designed those handbags. See if you would have just got to the dry cleaners. That's all. Set it going to Matt Dredges house. Just go to the dry clears and I'll tell you another fan asked but you'll make me nauseous speaking of Monica's at Lucy in Goldberg. Who? See that? I got like a, oh, man. Big green one. Because of Lucy. And she just leaves a lump in my throat that bitch. She's got like a female misgrudge. And then again, so is he. Here's Kendall. Hello. Happy New Year. Happy New Year. Happy New Year. All right. Hey, yeah. I just got contacted to be a new, some family. Yeah. I decided so. That is exciting. Um, just just imagine the power you've got in your hands now. Absolutely. I'd like to tell you what I'm going to put down ahead of time. If you know, my, what were you say put down? Is that how it worked? Well, it's a, is a Nielsen or Abertron you talking about? Nielsen, I believe it's. Well, that's TV. Oh, shoot. Okay. Well, Matt, eventually. Hopefully I'll get the other one for you guys. Exactly. Anyways, for our QA, you know, the only hour that I do not listen is between six and nine in the morning. Really? I can't stand it. I put on Howard for a little bit. And then I come back and you're there. And the rest of the day, I always have a radio on and a house, but I'm telling you, I can't stand listening to the guys in the morning. And it's a shame. Really is the shame, but I'm getting pound. Yeah, I got it. Wish. How about Dr. Phil for the list? Oh, excellent. He is just outstanding. Not sure you just redeemed your life. Thank you, Niel. Have a great couple of time. You too. Bye. Dr. Phil, get that on there immediately, Eric Orles. Well, Carlisle's is ready to come up there and kick your ass. Oh, he'd lick your ass. I'm sorry. I misunderstood. 56567. Oh, what you been hanging around for George so long? I don't know. That big brown crack that George is always peddling to the world. That's going to be our pull. I think on Monday. What do you like better? George talking about looking crack or reconcades? How a crack in suds? We can put, you were already on with suds. I didn't hear too much about it. I knew people all were Oh, God, you heard George out with suds at one day and here anybody else calls. You had a couple of calls, but they say, oh, they loved it. Did they? Well, let's not hear anybody talking about it today. Of course, that's all your crowds. They're already gone. How that I've been back so long. Oh, yeah. What? You don't think that there are people who listen when you're on who as soon as I come back disappear, you're crazy. Maybe too. Well, that's people. That's as many people as we're listening to reconcades on I and Z. Now, actually, I'm not going to say they had like a water. One six. I mean, everything is relative. They had like ones and a rest of the station at like point ones. See, it's because of that stock market business. Yeah, that's right. Let's let's start ripping Rich. So, George, if you're a little more secure over the weekend that we'd ever had a ring working in. He's so funny. Wow. The future is a Ruff point. Let's see. Fair value is minus two and a wreck. If you want to stop doing that, that even said said that. You know, I didn't. Did he say? Well, not on the air. Oh, we want to stop trying to be a stockmaving. Okay, Rick, there are no stockmavents. It's all a big fat ripoff. What it is. A big scam. And I still say Ted David and all of our people in CNBC. They should all be in jail. Oh, you know, who's on Fox now? Which I never turned him on, but my luck. I don't even know what his name is. Jim something. He used to be on MSNBC. News guys pretty good. Neighbors. Yeah, Jim neighbors. He was, I think he's doing Bill Rally. Oh, right, Rick Rally or Bill Rally. But anyway, so he was a Jim. I can never think of this guy. I think it's Jim. He used to do like daytime news and MSNBC. Then they put on at really great show. Um, you can and press. I still watch that show. Hey, to break the news. Yeah, I like that show. Have you ever seen it? Yeah, have a once and and yeah, something happened to Pat. Yeah, exactly. See the near death experience. I mean, yeah, it's certain topics that will come up and his right wing Leaning's come back. I mean really comes surging back, but generally speaking, he certainly a lot more reasonable. It used to be and the fact that Bill presses there and they got some interesting people on there. I have no idea what kind of numbers they get. But that's by far in a way the best show on MSNBC. And if they would just give her that fat Jerry knockman and get him out as the news editor, which he has got a clue what's all about getting him off of their man. He's like a male Rosio Donald big tub of crap Jerry knockman. He's one of those people. Looks like every breath is going to be let you ever seen people like that. Who are so fat that like like the clardouis are just clogged at the part where their faces always red. And every breath sounds like it's going to be the very last gas. That's Jerry knockman. Can imagine why he don't have a big number on her. Especially in the dinner hour. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. And in a cool almost 100 votes 92, she's pulled so far away from Oprah that even if you put Oprah one of them damn much in your things. I'm those segue. She still couldn't catch her. 209 for W 92 for an in a cool 58 for fat ass Oprah changing again. Larry King 27, Eminem 25, Bill Gates 18, Rosie stuck on 15 and Vanna is on Rosie's ass with 11. I bet you Rosie would like to have Van on a rest. Don't you think? Yes definitely sure or under it. Or in it. Here's Pember Pine, hello. Yes sir. Oh the God. Great. A local guy, local story, no John Jake Femler. Yeah, when in more 5 and 1, J. Femler was the toasted Tom. Maybe you use so-called sports fans in this town are so full crap. Ready to turn on our on dime. As if it was his fault that they choked and lost that last game. He was the one making those the play calling, not North Turner. Well you see if you people knew anything about football first of all. Maybe those sports shows might be a little more interesting. But listen to these. Well why do you think about the dolphin schedule next year, guys? What do you think about the teams are going to be playing? This is the 10th January. And we've got Moron's calling this radio station asking for our experts and perverts to critique the dolphin schedule next year. Jesus, what do you think about it? 567.0560 pound, 560 on I hear they're playing the NFC East. What? Giants, Eagles, Black crowd. Who else is the NFC, some real losers? Dallas? Dallas in there? Washington, retzkins? Oh the retzkins. Oh that's great Steve Spurrier that can kick his ass. I love that. I'll be rooting for the dolphin's that day. Hate that Steve Spurrier. In fact I can't stand Bobby Bowden. Or Steve Spurrier? Now what's his name Larry Cochors a good guy? Everybody tells us that we like Larry Cochor on his show even though I'm not a hurricane fan. We like Larry Cochor. He's not one of those assholes like Jimmy Johnson. Good guy. And you know something if they lose another game next season of hurricanes after that disaster at the festival? Then Larry Cochor, he's a piece of crap. He's the biggest. Let's bring back that is, Ericson. Okay, let's grab a drink with that. You're just phony man. Most of you people are phony. If they're winning the games, they're great. If they lose, you know, if they choke a couple of games, they're right away. Oh my god, Jay Feele, if you want to rip Dave Wands dead, go ahead. Because I think he's a piece of turd, you know? I think he's weak. Look at a great job. He did with the bears. For example. But you know it's very hard. Now what's that saying there? I thought it said a name. I got real excited. Here's Davey, hello. Happy New Year, Neil. And Sandy Ocer. I'm a black man who loves hockey. All right. I tell you, I got a guy for you. He's a local talent. He's a construction opportunity. Okay, great. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let me say it. Let me read the full again. Who's the luckiest person on the face of the earth? Most six says least talent. Are you having difficulty understanding it? Shall we? Shall we like draw you a diaphragm? Yes. Who is the most? The luckiest person on the face of the earth. We're talking about something that everybody knows ever. Not some local guy that's like hammering nails somewhere. We're talking about a major... something. God. How is it possible that I have so many stupid people in one place, you know what? The weather. Anywhere else. What do you mean by the earth? The weather is great. Right now. Right. This is the only time to be here. I did a good job. My school and the old thank you. Snow it up in Toronto is colder than crap. Windy blowing around a lot of blowing going on. But down here it's like just I like this. And now here are some people. Oh dear, two damn colder. Bull crap. What's wrong with you man? 50 degrees out there. I'm not putting on some jacket like some pussy. You go walk out there. It's invigorating. You can read the fresh air. Remember I was telling you about that like in the fall in Toronto? Oh that was great. Like in October. Some of those days were like days that you would like to like clone. Let's call her really and see if we can clone some of them days. Just perfect. You know like 65 and sunny and just a little pleasant breeze you know between your knees. What more could you want it? Facts are pouring in here. Oh yeah. Now here's a good one. Not that he's going to qualify for us but I agree. I can cure wholeheartedly. I hate this person. I shouldn't say hate. I hate this person. I would like to know how many times Chris Collinsworth has had to been over to get where he is. Excellent point. You are. Absolutely correct. Right on it. He makes me sick. This is Scott and Titusville. This is never as there have been a more until that's Greti voiced A-hole in sports. You're right. You can say asshole on the show Scott. I agree. We're not going to put him on a pole because he's not like he's small potatoes. But I can't stand Chris Collinsworth. Let's hear some of the facts from Jim who says if you have George W. He's really so. You have to have Jim. Also yeah. The I'mma spend the funny. Look at how bad this fact is. Jim gets your fact hit your tone ago. I'mma spend the funny style of 20 years ago. The hockey nuts. This hockey's nuts. Swear with flare will have you pee in your pants. Did you know that Elden Harder died? Yes. In fact Dick fineburg. Good pop. It told me that the other night. Elden Harder were the long time. I don't want to say great. He wasn't a great driver. Everybody was a good horseman. His father leave our home was a great. Hall of Flamer. Elden Harder died at Pompano Park. But we could go. And also Chicago Trotters are on Stichwood. We know that which is why. Delegate is here. At least was here. Maybe still is. There's the greatest man in the history of mankind. Hudson from Wayne Arnold's roadcastle at 125th and Northwest 7th Avenue in North Dade. Right off 95. Go there in the daytime, especially open round of clock. For those great needy burgers and White Hots. Wasn't this a good idea on my part? Look at how happy everybody is now. Thanks to him. And the any of that clown that fake shrink whatever it was that called before. Let me just say this to you sir. How you doing Hudson? Good to see you happy New Year. Just hand over the child. Okay, we're doing a very high paid video show. Thank you very much Hudson. Give her a big kiss to Wayne. Tom Delude. Tom Delude some way. Okay. Aren't you a little concerned about him? Yeah, well you should be. Take care of him. Okay. Thanks Hudson. Have a great New Year. No one was I just starting to say about that guy. Oh yeah, it was give me about. Wow, they say you're dwelling on negativity. Let me tell you something, sir. If we take a poll on issue and ask for people to be positive about something as opposed to rips somebody in as it's no contest to responses 50,000 times more ripping an ass. That's just the nature of the beast, okay? So we're not here to like try to solve the problems of the world. I gave up on that. We're here to like try to, you know, stimulate the audience. Get some numbers. Get people listen. Get them whipped up into our frenzy about things that they can hang onto in squeeze. And that's what they want to squeeze is negativity. But blame me for on the one that made it like a ride. I'm glad he's entertained though. That's amazing. He admitted that. He finds a very entertaining. And what's wrong with rifin people who deserve to be ripped? I mean, they're kind of money that they're making, right? Don't they deserve it? Sure. Let's see, our work Sanchez. See, see what I mean about one dimensional work Sanchez. Although he is on national TV when they're calls about him. Really? Yeah. You have a Rick Sanchez fetish out there. I agree with you. He makes my skin roll up and my blood curdle. But the fact of the matter is he's such small potatoes. Putting him in a list with George W. And Oprah and Larry King and the Bill Gates and Rosie O'Donnell. Who the hell even knows who he is outside of this market? Even though he is on national TV. Nobody watches MSNBC anyway. And you know, something maybe that's part of the problem. I think they were doing pretty good till Sanchez got there. I shouldn't say that will get Paul Castro no upset. Remember that when Rick went off to seek his fortune with MSNBC. Sure. And was on the phone on the year with Paul Castro no one was just Paul was sucking his ass and sucking his fat ass. He said he sucked out about two pounds of orchestral. I told him was olive oil. But you know, 560 pound, 560 pound, 560. So he get paid and freelance today Carlos. What more could you want? Let me take a look at our website now to make sure that this home page is looking as good as I think it should. New pictures in there by the way. Just now. See? There you go. That's me again. That's psychic. 526 God damn votes and it's only 10 to noon. Boy, we're kicking ass today, baby. See in George yesterday. Oh, go back to the bedtime story. He's gonna be a screw you man. I like him. I, well, so all right. I'll tell you what. From from 8 till 830 in a more. I'll read you bedtime story. Oh, that would be nice. Yeah. Before we go on a year. Like a little shile. Anyway, so let me see what kind of we got and please blinded by the right. By David Brock. You gotta go out and get that book this weekend. It's in hardcover, but steal some money. You go out and buy it. What a great book about this right. We much a lunatics are running this country now. Ferrell granted bond while appealing to you. Why? Yeah, he's out. Suspended a sentence, maybe. Most, at least in only of 2002, there's your link to that poll. Which I think you'll enjoy. Ontario court strikes down law on medical pot. The secret war on condoms. Excellent. A queath priest were often on laws calendar, former cardinal law. TV humiliation is sure wrong falls fails to stem voter access. Yeah, they kind of offer it in the middle of speech. It was great. That's what they ought to do with Bush. The Bush he seriously dumbed tax cut and those are the articles on there. Now what am I supposed to be looking at the pictures? Yeah. I don't know what is on there. He just... I'll find out. Just a second. Don't tip the deck here. Let's see. Joe and Mark Toy Drive. Cast a QAM. More QAM pictures. Here we go. Such Georgian Carlos. Oh, from such visit. Oh, got this is where we got some new pictures on our website. I don't see him, but it says more pictures. I don't see anything. It just says more QAM pics. I think he screwed up Carlos. It doesn't work. It's a good thing I checked this out. He'd have been all weekend long. I said, oh, gee, but everybody was excited about those new pictures. Well, we would be if we could see him. So you've done something. Take his lunch away until he gets hit fixed. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pot, let's see. Here's one that says, yeah, Wayne High Pinga. Yeah. Scott and Tyresville, quote why your head got the other fast was great. Wayne is, I don't know. He's just not on the same level with those people. We can't stand him, but he's not on the same category. I don't think the people in Italy know who to hell. Wayne High Pinga is. Oh, here's a good one. Somebody I can't stand, but he's not going to have to be on our Carson daily from MTV. The spies, Carson daily. I can't stand Carson daily a man who is bigger than life itself. At least in his mind anyway. I'll legend his own mind. What do we do the poll about? Who's getting the best kind of pie that doesn't deserve it? He should go on there. Now, here's what it says. Put that asshole bill or Riley on that list. Listening on the net and Cleveland see what Northfield Park. I don't think so, but say hi to what's his name. What's the driver? I'm thinking of. That was here last year. Greater. Brett Miller. Say hi to Brett Miller. How come you don't know that? Walley hit us. And Randy Thurps too. Not Walley, Hennesse A. Walley don't drive in Northfield. All the way. Hey, Walley. Have a good time and Cleveland. They get out of here. Don't be knocking my good close personal buddy. Walley. Prince Philip. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Well, he's he's just a figure. Head. He said he likes his head. Bill or Riley, we put on a receptor defect that even I can't stand him. He at least has got the big number. They're on a phantom TV. That work on the fascist news. What are just pouring in now, George? Man, pouring. Oh, yeah. I'll tell you that one there that little jury would a squiggly wedding in a feeding frenzy last couple of days. Fitting a witch that inspires me to eat feeding frenzy. Got it. Got it, Jerry. Whose bill is thing every day since I've been any year for last 500 years? It would never miss a minute of any show. Could probably decide verbate and everything on here. Got a lot of calls, by the way. Ford is full. Here's Jupiter, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I get two for you. Okay. What about that bitch, Dr. Laura? Yeah, I think she deserves to be on there. I don't know. I don't think she's known worldwide. All the air, I guess she is. Yeah, she is. That and another radio one I think is that fat rush limbo. Well, I mean, you can say no talent for the fact is that he's got all the dittoheads. He's got millions and millions of sickle fans. He put the sick and sickle fan. Yeah, that's true. Okay, I have a great day. Okay, here's pictures of suds, Georgian Carlos. That one works. Who's that, uh, broadener? That looks like Doreen. Is that fat Doreen? Ha ha ha ha. Is it? No. It's not. No, who is that? Toby T's. Who's Toby's T's? She was the stripper, Dizur. She looks like Doreen. Ford star also. Oh, what a solid story. You scored me? She looks like Doreen. No, that. Not quite as fat, but how's Doreen doing by the way, uh, Miguel? Oh, he's got a wealthful of food. He's got a mouthful. This thing is kind of like stuck. I did get there. You still working on that? Yes, he still working on it. Okay, well, let me get back to my home page and stuff screwing around. Because this is a mighty important poll we take a day, which seems to have struck the uh, community's fancy. Okay, and spite of our shrink the call before the psychoanalyzed the show. Who's the next word on everything? But enjoys tremendously the entertainment. He's getting in the prices right. Here's Parkland, hello. Hey, guys, how are you? Okay, great. I think this person actually started this in the town. Do you? I can't believe no one has ever said Ed McMan. That's a good one. I mean, Ed McMan. All the way, well, I will say this. He did, he did, he did, he did. He did have one talent. I was kissing ass. Yeah, he did it well. I went to, I met a thing. Yeah, I'm a heterosexual male. And I love Joe millionaire. Really? Oh, yeah, that's based online. I can't wait to see these bitches say. This is what they find out since 19,000 a year and they're going to go back to the end and get a job. Okay. Bye. We'd love to him. No interest. More contrived crap. Anyway, oh, look at this. This is from the economic radio group. This facts. These two facts is. Which I'm sure you despise that person. I can do it. You'll despise him. He'll despise him in a minute. First one, he says, who's the most of the most of the most chronic of all time? We just got through doing that. Oh, and this is, oh, some of the names that he's gone on. They were so insensitive and grotesque. This kid needs to be horse-wipped. He's the best radio taken away from. And then on the second pages is, hey, Neil, bring back where he can suds, bring in where he can suds. And that's just his shot at you is what he is. Taking a shot of poor little defenseless George who's sitting there reading his free lunch while he's waiting for that new contract to get signed. Which Greg came in and pedum it on back yesterday. Now what do you say, don't hold your breath? Oh, this is Rosie O'Donnell. And the clock on my stomach says it's the Neil Rajas 12th of one hour. And the way we go. That has Rosie please go away. Find a new way to attack the book they go home. And eat your whole homes. Till you explode. Because like your Matt Batchaud and ladies, have you fight your seats on a plane? Spilling your fingers that are yellow stained from each of those. And see your tunes. And ask your piggy who knows. How to be fat disgusting and tasty. You make the show to win the smile. They like a down-roost-spattered sassy. In smelly-bats, holy pulse of a mire. You're about in cheese smells like a rattle. Appear it was occupied by head as their need of you want to get into your car. Because you're too bad him why? O'nkin squeal, o'nkin squeal, o'nkin squeal. O'nkin squeal fat lady. You live in with your numberless beans. Sliber in and start in the tree between third and third. That's material yeast. Mospisse to me. Public to it, five sixty WDF, and we're eating or yet on the air. That's bad, Jordan. Bad to be, and on the air I'll tell you, it sounds like hell. So the pictures are up, Carl. This time for sure. Okay, I'll take your words for it. Go and check out the arraggios.com and click on pictures. And you'll see your carlose, which not very much time don't do that. And you'll see who else is on there? You and you and Suds from his visit. And Dorine. Hey listen, the picture I didn't click onto in large it. Okay, hey listen, body is silly people out there. If you click on a picture it'll enlarge it and make it bigger. And the picture too. All over in Dorine's case, you don't want to make her any bigger, do you? We can start at a adult section of the website. Here's the fact this is how about putting Nicholas Cage or Steven Sigal on your list. No. Although George W. Bush is the hands down winner. Well that's obvious. He's got 124 votes. I'll tell you. A very, very impressive showing by Anne and Nicole Fedasmit. 106, he's moved over to 100 volt mark. Even though she was a late edition. Oprah 62, Larry King 30. Long history though. And then I'm 29. Rosie's got 20. She was also a very late edition. Bill Gates 18, Van O'Wight 13. I ought to be a lot more than that. Jerry Springer and Regis, he's have 10. For our mobile, I was got eight. Bruce Springsteen sliced a little. Madonna, he'd have seven. Pompah Broke calls got four. Murphy Griffin's got a pair and Wayne Newton's got only that one. I thought that was a pretty good choice. In your Wayne Newton, he couldn't sing as wide of a paper sack. Although he does have some red roses. He's got some of those for a blue lady. Anybody out there every day to blue lady? So you didn't like dunk a chain? Fawkey chain. No, I did not. And I find him in every respect. The entire ambiance and the whole routine with the mob and with the lawsuits and with NBC, I find him to be absolutely unacceptable. I thought that was a little girl singing that song for years. It was. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. Here's a call from Davy. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. First time car a long time with me. Okay. First one, my head is a special redneck. Yes, so good. We need a few rows. Oh, oh, oh, I got two people to do with please. Michael Jackson and Pamela Anderson. Now Michael Jackson as much as we find him disturbing and pedophilia and all the other stuff. You got to admit he did some pretty good stuff. No, that guy's just downright nasty. He is downright nasty, but in other words you don't think he did any good music? No. Okay. But Pamela, Pamela Lee, I think that you're getting some very good support for that in the here. There you go. Good choice. Thanks pal. Good weekend. Let's put the heronar Eric. Poor Eric. Well, I'm probably probably just interrupting your brunches today, Eric. I know the weekends come. But I think Pamela Lee definitely deserves to be on there because she's another. Oh, although. Well, I guess we'll put him on. I'm put heronar, but the fact is when she was on Baywatch. She at least served some purpose. You follow him saying? Screen filler. No, no, she wasn't just a screen filler. Maybe he used she was a screen filler. A lot of guys out there. In fact, when she was dating Kelly Slater, the surfer from Coco Beach, even I was somewhat aroused by that thought. Not so much because of her, but you know, I was wondering what he was bearing between those large make-believe silicone breasts. Do you know what I mean? I'm sure you do. Kelly Slater. You know, there's a series of surfer movies. Speaking of those corny channels I haven't Toronto on the digital cable. I guess they were on drive in TV driving classics. And these are the faggy things I've ever seen. I think Bruce Brown is the name of the guy. He's got his married. He's got a son or a holiday they were on there. But the whole surfer thing, there's something about that. You know what I mean? But all those endless summer movies. Yeah, it's like that. Right. There's a little bunch of those. Yeah. Am I wrong? No, you're not. Because I watched that. I thought this is not that I didn't enjoy some of it. There were some really hot guys surferism. But anyway, but it just seemed to be like fag movies. Indeed. Okay, thank you. Hey, we finally agreed on something. Don't even love in years. I couldn't believe. I guess we're not working with an Southern. I like Apple's music. Yeah. Anchecura. Right, we agree on those. Right. What else? That's about it. I think. But now. That's not got farther. Let's not get too carried away. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Here's a call from Pembroke Pines. Hello. Hey, Mr. Neon. How are you? Like to hear a perfect example of abusive police power. Yeah. And in Halifax, Virginia, the town has a public drunkenness ordinance. The local police went into a bar up there, marched all the patrons that were in the bar. Right. Right. Game of sobriety test. And those that were drunk, they arrested. Those that were drunk yet were allowed to go back into the bar and drink. How can they do that? That's the, the mayor said that that's the way it is because that's public drunkenness. Public, when they marched him out on the street, yeah. Some of the ones that they would have stayed in there for another couple hours and sobered up. That would not be acceptable. That would not be acceptable. Excellent. What time was this? Halifax, Virginia, HAL, FAA. Thanks for the good news. We'll mark it off our list. You're welcome. Thank you. Stay out of Halifax, Virginia. Okay folks. Halifax Nova Scotia can go there. That's okay. You're safe. They're real fascist in Virginia. No. I mean, above and beyond any of the other ones. I want to tell you right now because I was discussing this with somebody yesterday. The South, the southern state, the southern mentality nature of the US, the Bible Bayle. Even when you look on the map, states like for example, Nebraska, Bible, Delta, Nebraska, geographically Nebraska is certainly not in the South, but it's in the South. Follow me saying Indiana. Indiana is right next to Ohio in Illinois. It's sandwiched in between. You take all that's in northern. I'm at the western state wrong. It says other southern state. Especially southern Indiana. I told you that time that I went to basketball broadcast in Indianapolis, the tournament. And we go into like a restaurant. They're talking, could understand where they were saying. They were not, y'all, hi, hi, y'all, my, my, my, my, my, my. I'm serious. All of them. You. Indianapolis is the deep South, baby. What's point? My point being that the US is a mugwum country. Is what it's turned into. Even like Virginia, Virginia is not so far south on a map. No, no, but it sure is an in nature of the people who live there at a home mentality there. It might as well be my, might as well be one of the like between Mississippi and Louisiana. And Alabama in a Chris Florida. Florida. That's the problem. Our love on you. One, you don't like onions? Why doesn't like chocolate? I like it. So luckily. God, strong with you. Never in my life as I met someone who didn't like chocolate. Good, gummy Miss Monning. That's probably after all you're talking about. Back to eating ass. No, wait before that. And probably turn them off on him. He used to love it. You know what they have in Toronto, like in any real city. They have like all these vendors out on the streets. And they have like hot dogs or sausages like brought Worcester or tin. I love the Italian sausages and they have fried onions. They put on them. Oh, man. For a while, they made them stop doing that because the health department stepped in. There was something about, I don't know, they were making a big fuss. But now the good news is the fried onions are back downtown Toronto boys and girls. That's a good news. He sweeps the dice thungens off the little burgers. I'm going to tell you right now ladies and gentlemen, anybody who doesn't like onions is a communist piece of crap. Something wrong with like with little Carlos. I don't know how can you not like onions. Do you know anybody else who doesn't like onions? Like children, maybe. You know how they don't like onions and green peppers and things like that. But no adult. Well, say I think you just touched on it. You look at him and you think of adult. That's an adult. I don't. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Horizon World's Line. See, you got paid the day though, Carlos. He's got a big smile. Face free lunch. He got a little paycheck and I do me little. He was shaking the apple. If I could hear the coins rattling all the way in here, right to the glass. We love that. What's his name? We love that clearance man. Sure, we're pulling for him. He's pulling it too is what I'm hearing a lot. But we're pulling for him to get laid. Maybe Muff could get him fixed up. Maybe he could take him out this weekend and get him laid. Hi, you think? In Hawaii. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Now I was thinking more like a 21st in this game. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. How's it going, Neil? Great sensational man. I got a true winner for the least talented. And it's you. Yeah, okay, thanks. All right. For where we impressed about that or what? 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. See what I mean? That's shrink guy that called before about negativity. These people are hostile. They're listening every single day. But let me take a shot. Come on, let's take a shot. We're meeting at a bus there's balls. I got news for it, Pelaghan. I got a fat one in my pocket right now. It's more than you're going to make in the next five years put together, okay? That I'm taking right to the bank. So blow it off your little spick ass. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Yeah, Neil? Yes, sir. Yeah, I got one for you. Thanks. Mm-hmm. How about Miss Cuillo? Go, come on. She's a great actress, Mom. She's no seriously, she's a drama. Because she don't know, she didn't even really speak with that essence. She really put on. How'd you like to have an interest bearing her count in the bank? All the money that she raked in with that act? Exactly. Exactly, exactly, it's right. So cut it up. We like Miss Cuillo on a show a lot. We're not too crazy about Paul and Old Ron, but we do like Miss Cuillo. By the way, Paul, you're not getting the morning show. I just mentioned that again, just in passing just to, so you stop bugging, pity, Lenny and he stops bugging me. I already passed it around the building. I passed it around a little bit. I said, oh, that smells like Paul. No chance. No chance in your pants. Your stuck with cheap channel. And Rick Rally says he's been ecstatic. He needs to be away from them. I don't blame you, Rick. So I always got along, okay, with Rick, it was George that had a real serious problem. And I just got a much bigger problem, because he knows that they're hovering like vultures. See, Sudge was in here, but you know something? He was just scoping the thing out. He was, he was laying the groundwork for, for, for a, a suds. I mean, for Rick, another Rick called here today. See, Rick didn't call about Mike. He called about to be an honest son, Philan, and when I'm not here. The Mike thing was just window dressing at this point. I mean, you know, it's old news. So Rick and Sudge are getting together. They're plotting. You don't like on family few of the family we get together. And of course, kind of embarrassing to, they were all done there underneath. I think there's a different word for that, but I'd sure they used to call it plotting. And that's what Rick and Sudge are doing. They're plotting, if you're, I don't want to say demise. Hey, listen guys, somebody much, much older than you guys put together, tried that already this year. They're last year, didn't work out. I don't want to mention no names. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. All South Florida surfers are fat. No doubt about that. Are they really? Absolutely. Huh. But there's one thing about the sport that, those farters, will you ever see surfing after? That's not true. No. No, and he's, maybe not anymore, but in these movies I was talking about. There was one. Maybe he was the token. I don't know, but they had one black guy I was surfing. Well, very small percentage. And, uh, well, that's what black people cast swim. I'm sorry. How many black swimmers do you ever see? How many black divers when you watch a swim mean? You don't see anything. They can't swim. No, and I think that's part of the beauty of the sport. That'll mean something. There's no big feet. No, you don't mean to sound racist rating like that, but, you know, I think you have a good point. Black people can't swim. My, my, my, my, my, my can't jump and black folks can't swim. That's what Greg Lucina said. Five, six, seven, but this lunch is so, day and good, you know, I think this was a master piece on my, uh, my, I don't like the, uh, the chicken drum that's no, the best, crispiest batch they've ever made there. Well, I'm real happy for you, okay? 592 votes on a poll shocking. Pamela Lee is on there. Now, she don't have any votes. What tells the black hit a kid, which I can't remember his name, damn it. They used to be on Baywatch. The short kid, dark black here. David, Charlie. No, not David, Charlie. That's like a little kind of fruity, if you ask me. No, no, the really the kid that's been on another show now is on some, one of those nighttime shows. You know who I'm talking about. We've been doing this. Yes, you do. He knows we've been through this 50 billion times. You don't ever watch that episode. He played Billy. Either he's Billy on some other show where he was Billy on Baywatch. We are nice looking little kid with this short black here. Somebody will call. I apologize to the audience, but when you get his old design, you forget like where you live. You don't have to have somebody squirt me to the house, so I remember where to how I'm going. And it's a real Billy, maybe that is his name. Billy Squire, Billy Bipy. Billy, Billy, Billy, Billy, Billy, Billy, Billy, Billy, that might be it. Somebody will fax it and it was immediately not soon. You'll see. Now, why did I mention that? Oh, because of Baywatch and Pamela Lee, I'll take another person not a can stand who also belongs to an artist, but we won't put him under his air. He'll be upset. David Hasselhoff, speaking of Baywatch. Boy, he is, he just, and you talk about a guy with an ego man. He's going to ego bigger than Moe. This guy thinks his stuff don't stink. David Hasselhoff. Oh, look, remember that show I was in with a car? Oh, yeah, big deal. Nothing like watching some old troll like David Hasselhoff running out there in a bathing suit pretending to be sexy. Oh, I'll buy you something in this country and it sells. Just like these damn shows you're talking about these reality shows they bring on all these unbelievably ugly people. And they're really desperate, like parents, they're gathered around her and said, you know, they're rubbing themselves raw. Just looking at these growth because they think it might be alive, you know? It's alive. It's on my TV. There's a little skin there, you know? Very sad. Billy Warlock. Thank you, Billy Warlock. Was he one? Here's a Hollywood. Hello, General Hospital. Thank you, General Hospital. Well, Hollywood, yes, sir. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? How are you? I'm here. How about Martha Stewart? Oh, man, you know something she could be the winner. Thank you so much. Thanks a lot, pal. You got it. She's under Martha Stewart. How do we leave her out? And you know what this is? What the moral of this story is? That there's a Zillion on Talented Asseless Running Around. Out there will make it millions and dollars who can't do the squat. It's an inspiration. I think she wants to concentrate on her salad though. Just what I'm here in. I love that. That was the best. Well, listen, Martha, did you really do insider training? You really were about to fall? I'm concentrating on my salad. And she had her head buried in the bowl. She's enough to make me have my head buried in the bowl. 12, 17. We're going to talk on Monday about toilets. All right. No, seriously. Do you ever have a problem with the toilet that doesn't is it the water pressure that makes you sometimes have to flush two or three times? Yes, because there are all different kinds. And that bothers me. I've got a really crappy toilet if I can say that. In recent days, they've tried to make water conscious. To our, to our conscious conservation. So they don't use as much water as old-style. Yeah. But I don't have one of those. Right. Well, you don't know. I mean, if your house was built in the century, it might have a newer toilet in it. What does that mean? Like the old-style toilet's flush great. But if your house is relatively new, like I know you were in my house, is 10 or 11 years old? That's no. That's new. It is? Yeah. Well, my toilet stinks. Of course it's not the same thing for you. It's the twice. 1218 at five, 60. Who have you QM? Anybody else's toilets think out there? Uh-huh. I bet it does. Well, it's a new year. And if you're thinking about losing a weight that you packed on during Thanksgiving and Christmas and Chinooka and New Year's, even day. Here's an answer for you. A great place to shop. The lights of West Boca. What a wonderful joint. The lights of West Boca is a mega store for the Atkins Dieter and a low-carbisher groupry diet. The entire store is dedicated to people like you, who are sick and tired of walking in the supermarket and finding practically nothing that you can eat. There's good reason to join the thousands who travel 2D lights. They've got over 600 delicious outstanding low-carb food products. Like their new control-carb chocolate brownies and forest-crumptious flavors. Only one in half-carb's. Duff was us. Two in autumn this morning said they were great. He said you can't believe how good those things are. So whether it's Carbolite ice cream, bread, chips, muffins, cheesecakes, pasta and sauces, the lights of West Boca is the place you're going to love and even sample. Anything in the store, try before you buy it. They got a staff who even knows their craft. They're open every day, seven days a week from 10 till 10. And they carry the most complete line of Atkins' brand products in the world. That are always 25% off all day every day. It's circus on Easter, every day of your life. And of course everybody in their brother, again, is talking about Atkins' because they're finally admitting that Atkins' really works to help slower your weight and your cholesterol and trackless riots too. So check out the number one low-carb-shirker of Easter in the world, the lights of West Boca. On the Northeast corner, glazed in 441, right next to Boston Market, or column tool-free, 1-877 low-carb-run-a-web-low-carb.com. It loses an off-white-pretty-signity look as just like Tommy Brady. Don't forget there's only one to lie to West Boca your official Atkins' retail center. We're supposed to be a five-seasoner. You, A-M. You're on guard. We think you're used to Bobby Brown. Time to talk together about this famously turbulent marriage. We've gone 10 years and they didn't give us six minutes to last. Have you ever hit her? Yeah, because of her. And anger. It's not at every day things. It's maybe every other day. And now, we're now due husband and wife. We're looking at their wedding videos. You're looking for some publicly. We're not used to it. Mary and Bobby Brown. Your husband's control. Yeah, terrible. Yeah, dangerous. Absolutely. Just leave. No way. No, no, no, no. No. I don't want to go to him. That's a life we live in. Yeah, because the welcome role is there. And this is forever. That's it. This is the life we have chosen as what we're trying to say. I'm so sick and tired of them. Oh, Whitney Houston and that disgusting obnoxious thing. I heard 22 past noon. Here's the fact that says from listener George. How do you like that? David Hasselhoff, which I just said only moments ago. Psychic again, Arnold Schwarzenegger. I put him on there, but a lot of people get pissed off. They love him. They love Arnold. It says my old Italian mom told me she used to carry whole onions to school and eat them as like an apple on her lunch break. Utica free academy in the York 1953 to 57. That's why nobody would talk to your mom. Somebody must have. No, you don't have to talk. That's true. Oh, and speaking of that. Frank facts is this. It says as far as Pamela Lee's concern, she definitely deserves on this list for Lee's talent. Even in her best performance co-starring Tommy Lee, she sucked at sucking, couldn't get Tommy off at life ever. How do you like that? So not only is she disgusting obnoxious and plastic, but she gives bad head. Pamela Lee. I mean, what's the pound of time for about two or three minutes? There she was very hot. That's when she was going with Kelly Slater. Then she's skanked out. So that proves that not all of the surfers are Fags Kelly Slater. Damn it. 560, 750, 550, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Martha Stewart's on a poll shoot and have any votes yet. And when he knew the stall, he got one. Pamela Lee's already got a big pair. Murr of Griffin 2. Tom Bro, change it again on me. Come on. Pamela Lee's got two more Griffin of pair. Tom Bro, come on. Madonna 8, Bruce Springsteen's got eight. Barbara Walters 9, sliced the low nine. Read this field and as you're a springer reach have 12. Van Wights up to 14, moving slowly up the ladder. Bill Gates 19, fat Rosie O'Donnell 22, Eminem 30, Larry King 34, Oprah 68, and in the course of November 13, at George W. Bush, I'll present it and say 240 votes. Casey 2 and late first of all, we have no idea why we're pretty pissed off about that. Our poll question today on theorodzew.com, who's the luckiest person on the face of the earth, most success, least talent. And speaking of our website, be sure and go there today because you got some great pictures on there. Click on the picture thing and take a look at the, uh, Dorine. Or whoever that is. I don't know, and maybe it's just a bad picture. She don't look all at great to me. She was a treasure island. Hmm, she's a poor start. So what is that proof? So it's Ron Jeremy. Oh, so Randy West. Oh, yeah. The front of the electric. So it's John Holmes. So it's uh, Harry Reams. Obviously the guys don't have to look like anything. Why is that? I don't know. You tell me. I don't know. In J.P. or movies, uh, I don't know there's plenty of ugly guys near to, but generally speaking, or a lot better looking there. Only Peter North. And for a while, what's that was his name? The one in the car, real Tom, um, what the hell is his name? Tom Byron. Oh, I don't know. Yeah, the idea you do. I don't know how much I know. I know he's got a really freaky and nasty. I think he's trying to be John Holmes, uh, successor, successor. Here's a call from, uh, Pompano. Hello. Hello Neo. Yes, sir. I was thinking to look Canadian from monkey. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I think he did the best hit. The only thing is you don't swallow it. Man. 567. Oh, 560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and right. That's that crazy guy again. That's the crazy man. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Oh, Neo. Yes, sir. Hey, I was just wondering if that was really an old guy, or if that was a young guy trying to act like those kids. It's a chronic alluded to he's a crazy person. Hey, uh, I know that's unusual in South Florida, but he just happens to be one of the odd ones. I got a couple of guys and speaking about the public problem, I got the same problem and bugs the living crap. I mean, so to speak. Man, uh, for real, I'm fortunate. And then you sit there. And it's back at you. They're coming back. Yeah. Wait, what I mean, my homes go down the two, you know, but the bullet thing for stays up at the top. Oh, I see. Or maybe, or maybe one gets left and you got to wait a photo. There's nothing worse than a flot or a two. Yeah, I know. But I think what's worse than that is when your uncle comes over and you know, you have another two of that they go to use the toilet and they miss, they didn't everything. Okay, great. Well, well, I do that on Monday. You can't write in the middle of my lunch. I mean, this guy wants to give me like a blow by blow, a play by play. I'll be exactly, you know, like a basketball game, you know, like he missed the rim. Don't want to hear it. 560, 750, 50, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T. What would your scatological references, okay, sir? It's bad for our image on a show. Our image. Mad dogs, you mad is you want. Hey, Goldberg from Crystal Palace at Bahamas at three. Hopefully, sounding better in your DSD, he was sick the phone line sucked. You got chit-co-panter preview at seven. The path is hostly devils in the macarina 730. Eddie K. Falls, the hockey game and ESPN radio overnight because Mow ain't on tomorrow morning. Which is a pretty sorry as a reason for programming on his radio stream. To show it the way he's manipulated these suckers on his place, Bahoyle, boy. Man. Here's Del Ray Beach, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? I got so many for the call. Okay. He's pretty disgusting. Like, no, I'm not even sure what he does for 11. Carotop. Okay. He, I don't even know what he does. I think he's going back to the alligator. Okay, thanks. See you on the boat. See you. What do you think, Carotop? George says yes, Carotop. Because you hate Carotop. So let's put Carotop on or he'll get a lot of votes. It'll get a lot of votes. Well, why not? See you're laughin' now because you want Eric to have to do all of this. Eric is trying desperately to finish his sandwiches. You know what I said, plural? He's trying to figure out finishes lunches and you're like, you know, I'm encouraging you to keep adding on. Okay. This is okay. And you want to know why it's okay? Because what did I tell you yesterday? Do I know what it's all about here or not? George, about this audience? Yes. And the response and the calls are no calls. What did I say? If it's a list, your favorite music, your favorite artist, your least favorite person, your most hated this, they respond like crazy, man. That's something because it doesn't require like an opinion. It doesn't require much controversy. And that's fine. So what we're gonna do is make the Neo Rodgers show the list of the day every day. We're gonna have friends' list as a guest on Tuesday. How do you like that? For all those classical music, uh, cry babies? Man, man, man, we took our music away. Man, nothing, I play in the right music. Man, we're just on KAT, isn't it? Like I said, Kets to Cat. They were bus boards and billed and bus benches. Kets to Cat when I went there. We actually had promotion on that station. How do you like that? I was stationed with a terrible signal that had nothing but old Jews on a beach listening. And we still had promotion. Well, I might encourage you to know. Yes, that doesn't clearance around with whoever else. Looking at billboards. What do you want to practice? What? Oh, a billboard. I thought we were talking about something else. Trying to get clearance to the action. Oh, he won't get any there either. Five, six, seven, they're gonna have some billboards. Folks, we're tired of belly aching about defos, got billboards in time. Schmidt, Nick, whatever his name is, he's got billboards. And everybody else has got him. While 100's got footing in that other obnoxious guy with a full new putt pick on there. Everybody's got billboards. We're fine to get inside. Nice going there, Greg. You will lie in second crap. God. So what do you say? We're concerned the summer one. Sure. Five. I'm not asking you. I'm asking the audience out there. You're not saying sure. You'd be, you'd be crestfallen. You'd be depressed. Yeah. You would. You can make a light of it if you like. I need the money. Everybody who does one talk show, whether it's Ernie Sochin, whether it's Mike Spindell, no matter who it is, they do one show on right away. It gets in there blood. It's like a disease. Oh, it is a sickness. It's in your blood. And you said, oh man, this is this is where it's all this. And of course, I'm really shocked because doing it in this town on this station, I would think you'd say, oh, not again. I got nothing to compare it to. What does it was that mean? How about an SNM session with somebody with a spiked whip? How about comparing it to that? Let me get back to you. Yeah. Oh, is Doreen back in here again? I think that was Doreen. I think you're making up. Listen, don't be sure. When you go to Treasure Island, when George is there, when the girl is going on, no one's there's next through there, it's going to be. She's the feature. Did Doreen? Yeah. Doreen the pain queen. Snow in Miami, that's right. Tom Lamin and Joe Prieto are buried. The fact we have said how that so many cars, there's no place to park him. Even Tom Lamin had to park cars in his driveway, so they need to place one of yours. You're driveway that is. You follow him in that good. How is blowing out all the new vehicles? Regardless of profit, including the Pontiac Vibes, starting at only 13,998. And up to $5,000 off on every GMC on Bo and Stock. Plus get 0% financing, up to $3,000 rebate. They got all kinds of fantastic pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs. But, what's big on SUVs? You know, these ads are running out with area and a hopping that all these crazy people? The fact of the matter is, if you're driving any car, it's according to their logic. If you're driving any car, you're helping terrorism, because it's going to the same companies and the same countries that are providing a good chunk of the oil. So that's the most bogious, the most fellacious polycrap if you're driving a Volkswagen Beetle. You're still having out terrorism if you believe they're both wrapped, which we don't. And if any other car dealer, Rothers said, hey, no, you're a deadbeat. You're not going to buy a car here. Tom Lamin and people in hell, it will cut you with deal amazingly enough. Even if you once work in radio. It's a winter blizzard emergency clearance sale going on right now. At hell of Pontiac GMC, 134-01, South Tixie Highway. That's US want to cross in the falls open every day of your life seven days a week. And who wants to see if you need more money, be sure and Tom, you heard about it right here on the world famous most prestigious Neil Rogers Show. Called the Neil Rogers Neil Theal Hotline tool free at 1-3-8-534-4-42-11. 1-3-8-534-42-11 for a Hallowed Pontiac GMC who still be no matter what they say, professional grade. Oh god, Watch your... Where's your Hot Ident, where's it? You know it's vanity God will look in And we're gonna spend All your homes Yes, I'll go We're gonna run your phones Just a little bit Because they just live in And I'll come wrong Well done They've gotta take a long Find your weapon God will look in And we're going to inspect So there's a reason To drive us to the global Just a little bit Yeah, just a little bit We all know that you are Up to your interest And that's what we've said It's endless And don't waste Right, don't All in due time Just a little bit Yes, I'll take a picture Oh, you're mine Just a little bit Yeah, I just didn't get any And I had this busy Don't come through your tests Don't worry, I had this busy Watch out, I rock your ears Okay, oh man, it does always get me The ones that are like real abrupt So when Samu is another email Who says she doesn't like unins because they give her Gas That's what she said Maybe you don't hold much on you This next time you're gonna produce one of those Missed grudge shows, it'll be a good idea And given the gas If anybody I know deserves it 560, 50560 560 on the AT&T And Verizon Wireless Live A magnificent lunch But you're right They pack in about 15 pounds of food in there And you're witness to the fact And I'll say it right before But I never, you know, because I look at that All the time Because they're trying to be nice to me Which I appreciate But It's like the whole picture Two thirds of it is in the can Thanks again No Hudson away And the food is delicious It's sensational When our little throw a castle Speak at a people with marginal talent British TV to Christina Cover up or go home Did you see the story? Yeah I heard about it Christina Aguilar has been told by TV Exxon the United Kingdom That she needs to tone it down or else It must be talking about that latest video for us What of them? What's that one called dirty down and dirty Don't be human We are dummies, skanky and dirty Ho The last time Aguilar appeared on a British TV She caused quite a stern or outfit A bikini top, chaps and teeny tiny bottoms With the word nasty across the cheeks And believe me she is Nasty According to reports hundreds of viewers Complain causing an investigation by the ITC the British independent television commission Woo We're always keen to have Christina on the show But the skippy knickers in bottom have been banned On other words, she was showing too much of her bum Says the source at the show CDUK Her last performance cost such an upward We cannot risk it happening again A report by the ITC ads This is a show aimed at children and dance routines That are overly sexual or too suggestive Are not suitable After being warned that she would be banned from appearing on any children Choosing the UK Aguilar is showed up for the taping of her performance in black pants Shirt and white tie She also dumped the bump in ground routine Sitting on a stool She was sitting on some stool But performing your song impossible Did we sit on stool? Said a CDUK spokesman Christina's last performance She got the program into a lot of trouble We were relieved she turned up and more closed this time Oh, those poor cost debated brits Works I find amazing because if you look on a British MTV Or any of the other were a Brit and other European MTV and music channels There's more flesh on it And you'll see a treasure island Aguilarity of that Shocking Maybe it was just true that they found a scene because it was her I think they thought it was a kitty She wasn't invited to the fucking empouse But when they had all the orders out there She sucked up all the cheese and they were pretty pissed off about that Seriously if you put a trap out with cheese You'd have a Christina anybody out there want Christina Just put a little cheese right there at the door She'll be there in 15 minutes Here's Sunny Isle, hello Yes sir Hey, I got one for your list So I've got a couple for your list But one I don't know if anyone mentioned it He's dead though, but what about John John Kennedy Yeah, he would've been good He would've been good That would be definitive, yes if he was still alive The other one is Ray Martinez and we'll for a little bit Okay 560, 50560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line And that's sad Europe, your people Your little, little, little, little, little, little, little jerk Sit around Five years, only started at this radio station The curse of QAM The curse that we have to bear on the show The Cuban curse Here's a call from Boca, hello Hello Yes sir Yeah, I can't wait for your poll Okay About the esteemed Al-Sharkton Hmm Okay What Nothing, they're getting off Yeah, they're getting off topic, okay Generally speaking politicians aren't supposed to have talent Which I, you know, and that would be a good out for the president Because he is leading by a million votes But in this in his case, we'll make an exception He's a talented blowhard Al-Sharkton, he got to where he is under his own steam Yeah Well, and so I'd like to present Oh, I see He was just promising I had a bunch of rich relatives who propped him up He made all kinds of brochure, he business deals Like what the baseball team on the world company Five, I see five six seven off on a bad news His Al-Sharkton says he's right in two Can you see that? Oh, he's going to get off a winded No, he is! He'd be running, man I studied and say that every time The curse of the Democrats If it's not Jesse, it's Al-Sharkton He's running as a Democrat He's running as a dark-complexed O-Jumper of Al-Sharkton What he's running as He said, I just want to be me Here's Pompano, hello Hey Neil, happy to help you And same to you I have one for your poll The infamous Sylvester Stallone He's on there Oh, okay, well, I'm fortunate I didn't hear that, sorry And if the George will grow up there, he'd be alright Yeah, grow up here, George, you'd be a lot better if he had some balls I'm trying to have a good one Thanks, he's got a good point, okay, what? I'm germinating some No, you're not Because he's afraid for his job After, once most are trying to get his ass canned Well, not everybody has an ironclad contract, you know Well, you do now, we hear it's coming But still, that ironclad Didn't they, they're Greg coming there just yesterday Really good mood all of a sudden after I bitched and moan to a muff? It's still good to say about the hammer away The great treats of Sylvester on his show That he's a piece of crap in a line sack And Greg comes in here, yes, they have to do it again Long after I'm gone when the coast is clear, of course You mark my words I'm gonna hide my car, I'm gonna go down there one day Park my car over at Cemetery of Hilo's next door That place at her park him up And I'm gonna sneak back in here again And I'm gonna sit right in that corner in there And wait for him to come in here and start in with you Should jump out and go look a boogin Ah, well, I'm gonna open that door a fast and say Hey Greg, you're following it Instant death, his heart will stop So anyway, he was in your yesterday given you a song in advance and suck it up And we got the billboards coming up and your contract is just about done Well, what do you say about your contract? It's just about done And I think he said you're just about done Yeah, thank you misunderstood There's gonna be a clause in there 567560 So what do you think Rick and Seds is coming somewhere or what? To fill in on the show Carlos says, well, what do you care? Well, that's right if it's Rick and Seds he'd be in there But if it's him, you're in there What, you don't think I'm gonna sabotage the show if I'll let hear I think that's your way lunch too soon, you know, would it be in bad taste if I went back in a garbage? You sealed it Have you ever done that? It sealed up in a sealed box Oh, yeah, it's in a sealed container here I mean nothing got in there, but that's the rule if it touches something else Yeah, I want the onion Now there is no more onions, it's bacon Oh, here's some onions hiding under the bacon Hmm, first of all, Carlos What did I came or look at? How can anybody not like onions? Or chocolate? No, but I'm not, we're not eating chocolate right now Chocolate is, we're killing me But onions are good for me, so I'm gonna snack it Throw it on Hmm, man Use it that fire breathing breath How about getting some garlic in here too? And you love garlic? But you're driving him out of here You're all in garlic? What an asshole, man God What do you like? What do you eat? Oh, I don't want to hear the answer 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 8 5 Carlos, have a nice Q-1 every weekend Thanks for the great job as usual Did you tell him when he started here that would be the most thing Besides the money, the most, he'd get most abuse He'd be sad money I told him for like a year that all he would ever get Is abuse and he wanted it in here anyway Well, he deserves it Here's your most Palm Beach, hello Hi, Neil Yes sir Hi, I got someone, I mean you have to make an exception What about Jeff? Yes sir Yeah, you're right But he's not an idiot We live with an idiot I have to pull the polling say it was the biggest idiot We said least talented and most of the time He's lucky That's how we got there He's why? He's lucky What do you say? I think he said he's lucky Yeah He didn't say what you thought he's lucky Well, you're out your way off Since Rick Rally call, I want the audience to know that Since Rick Rally call, George has been losing it Losing it Because he's so paranoid and nervous that we're going to have Rick and Sudden There's one thing you should keep in mind If Rick and Suds are going to come in here and fill in What are they going to want? Money Yeah Does that settle out? No, I know Okay That's takes here that problem Maybe they'll trade it out Here's a call from Fort Laudernale, hello Yes Yes sir I like to nominate the king Larry King He's already on there He's got 35 votes you'll be pleased to know Okay, he's in fourth place Put two votes in for me Don't be frustrated Okay, thank you 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6 I better be the results again because we have people Towing it all the time Who's the luckiest person on the face of the earth Most success, least talent President George W. Bush is winning hands down your pants 261 votes, nobody's even close But And in a cool smith who was laid at least Got 123 over the weekend since this full The up there all weekend long She might give him a run for his money Oprah 73 Larry King 35 He said that MNM32 Rosio Donald 24 Bill Gates 20 Vanne White 19 Jerry Springer and Regis Pilbini have 12 Slice to loan Barbara Walder's each have nine Bruce Springsteen with 8 Madonna's got eight Tom Brocos got five Or Freyburn's got a pair of Pamela Lee's got a big pair Martha Stewart two and Wayne Newton's still only one Aren't you surprised about that? Maybe the Saudi and Slice Wayne Newton Or they just don't think he's in the same league with his other one He's not In the same league with I'll present on Tuesday's nine No Like not with end in the cold I guarantee he's made a lot more money than an cool I'm not going to be a machine I heard in some old coots will huh? Or when he saw his that she right Money he right Dock of shame he wrote that? Yeah he wrote no I read it There's a saw some I'm going home and vote in front then 14 14 to 150 160 QAM Hey Wayne Dock of shame Why And local We're sports video 560 QAM Why do you Preston Don't go Don't go Don't go Don't go Don't go Don't go Stop Stop Characters Pays About both Of the sausage and more A stand That pipe's vodka And on circumcised fuel Bitten And KGNF FAKAL Hey I'm a crazy homophore For the fuck Not that I'm aint it but I'm way too old I bet the size about feeling bad To do In a tourist with feet low My man friend I'll visit make up with ginger Is something And then ask him to break my bun Oh there's no other again Though I would not feel For more spoiled No And I would not be ashamed About a ginger and bouquet You're just bold and stroking away For the girl you're not my type Just sound like a nine year old kid Aaaa Only a much or milky You don't know this That makes me flip my wig If ginger was a lover of mine I'd bury my bulb as painy nose Inside is simply rare and No I would not be a spoiled old If I was not a closet of faith That's why your ginger and bouquet You're just With me Be a goodie Hey Everybody follow my thousand balls Yeah ginger and bouquet You're just not With make my swirl bow He has to stay If we had ginger and bouquet You're just a goodie Then he wouldn't have to get me raped 10 to 15 6 to 10 4 bullets By the way, just mention that in passing Here's a call from Boca Hello Neil Yes sir Great I'd be right And back to you I think he's a screamer He doesn't sing he just shouts and screams And makes a lot of noise I don't think he could sing his word about paper bag Great He has a lot of noise How do you know he's got a great voice He just shouts He's got a kind of a voice No, I said he doesn't have a great voice But he's a great guitarist And he's a great lyric writer He's talking about Bruce Springsteen They're just puked Well he's right blinded by the light Like I said I'll pass Even though his version of it's sucked He sucks He just sucks That's all Bruce Springsteen I mean if you like a lot of screaming in puked Hey You're a goodie Great Good luck to you He's the kind of guy that people want to get Stoned out of their minds and go to a concert They'll go and see We got to see what the music is Do you want to follow what I'm saying? Like Jeff Cohen He went to see Springsteen He goes to see anybody Because it's a good excuse He gets just just answer well 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line Here's for a waterdale Hello Deal Yes sir Hey, I got a name to have for your list The first what it's worth for you I can only eat onions when they're cooked I can't eat them at all in their raw Yeah, well when they're raw they're like, you know It's a little... I acquired taste But I don't mind when they're raw He doesn't go overboard Yeah, I can't eat them at all when they're raw But you can't give them to me when they're cooked Same with mushrooms And only eat them cooked Oh yeah, I agree with you I don't like raw mushrooms Yeah, they're like a fun guy You get exactly You feel like you're eating toadstools Anyway, here's the guy that I have been saying for years But I think it's those man-loor-jews I hate toadstools But I hate them sir I hate them Pretty well But a long time since then, same with us Anyway The guy who I think has got to be the luckiest guy in the world Not a big Tom Arnold Okay, yes, somebody else said that He was a nobody, he married somebody famous Now she's no longer around And he's still doing the movies All over TV Ah, just post me away Okay, we'll put him on there All right, yeah, we'll get that one Well let's put Tom Arnold on there Everybody is say, er No, yes We're putting Tom Arnold on there You know who else? Who drew Carrie? What? I forgot all about it You agree? I saw a stand-up routine and it was funny But that was like 20 years ago Oh well, I saw if he's got a little bit of talent And let's not knock him Let's not knock a fat goofy guy I guess he's making money I don't know why I would be so fine even mildly You don't want to put Tom Arnold on there I just feel sorry for him Because he had to put up with that For I don't know days Wait a minute, he had to put up with it How about if he chose to put up with it All right, that's a good one He chose to put up with it You know, he said the mediocre actor I mean he's not like a trocious or anything He just shows up Tom Arnold, he just shows up as his lines That's spectacular or anything like that Put Tom Arnold on a list right away, Eric 560560 Like I said, we're concerned with some of certain sound We all will try to Lake Park, hello Lake Park Hello Neil, how you doing? Long time first time Yes sir, happy new year too Hi, you're talking about people How about your buddies? He's a little bit of a kind of talent You think Ron Popeil doesn't have talent To be able to sell that crap to the public And make millions of dollars You've got to be kidding man Well true, he thinks his boss bought us Yeah, well that was the bay If you can sell all Obviously, you know how what a brief period of time that was on But if you can sell guys on spray and a hair out of a can You must have some kind of talent Remember that? The Ron Popeil is spreader And then of course he walked out and would be reigning And he'd have Like Al Jolson GLA If I should be doing his infomercial in black face Like Puss Pay your bald spot Exit that's what the guy said But you were listening because you were huckin' a tronic 560, 560, 560, 870 And Verizon line I'd tell you this way in our old man, this guy's good He really has a good good Look at that, it's the new Still expect to meet the beast Oh that's only from the neck up See, you know what you should do You should grow some hair What are you laughing about? Don't you think if he had hair? And fact listen Maybe we could borrow the one from Luis Miguel over there Would he be lovely with a musk rat on or what? That's him The beast with a musk rat here do It's right over there, I'm going to show you I don't know what he's got out there Forhead there Just flip that baby on And let's take a look Oh Is that it? And you'll be Ha ha ha ha It's Daniel Goon Man oh man, if that isn't the beast or what? Too small for his fat head He's got the fatest head of anybody I've ever seen my identity We got some that aren't all sealed up Yeah, try to find my little fit like a size 42 camp Here's Fort Lauderdale, huh? Hey Neil, yes sir I've got Mitchell and Ryan Jeremy Yeah Those two guys are pretty lucky Have you ever seen the two of them together? I think Scott Mitchell would have one good quarter And they got like a $20 million dollar Yeah, the interesting part of that is I've met both of them Nothing I'm bragging about it But the old golds, the rock sluther on Jeremy and here they're one day And then once when I was doing an awful, uh, information show for, uh, Kindle Toyota Yeah Remember those days? Scott Mitchell was the guest on the other segment of the show So I met him too What a nice guy but like a big farmer kind of, and they paid him a lot of a million dollars That unit said well go away, you know Yeah, he became a thick a thirsty quarter Exactly He's getting like $20 million dollar And the year, you know, while she could put in there The writer for the sunset and we'll flop Nick or something like that The guy has not made a one complete sentence If you ever read his stuff on the front page there Okay Bye Quit while you're head Yeah, I think that's slob Nick or whatever his name is See the question is who is the luckyest person on the face of the earth Most success, least talent I don't think, oh the beast says that's me Most success And you want it? We got a couple of minutes here The rest of the story, the inside story about getting canned up at that morning show And where do you get your information? Wait wait, see this is a good pair We got George and the beast and the other room together now Man, the pussy factory is just oozing for the hand What do I said? What do you mean? What have I held back? Oh come on, are you kidding? They did something, um, easy to say, okay We've only got three minutes left Yeah, you can't feel it We can do a whole show over there, about ten seconds Okay How about all the times in Toronto when you be playing at Well, sure because the acquisition was in progress Oh I see, so nothing in the... Nothing in the... Nothing in the acquisition is over Let's wait till you get that contract signed Okay, that's good I know, yeah, I see what I mean Talks to the good game Ah, yeah, good point I won't say it I said it during the case of the beast What's your case? You can use this to lose your power Oh nice game, by the way I don't mean your performance, because I didn't hear it Great game, beast And don't be belly, I can about a bad call Liz, we got screwed Because the fact of the matter is They should have won by about 40 points So how is state blows? They're really like a... They're not very good Yeah, they're not very good They're not very good They're not very good You wanna see what a kick their ass So you can me? Do you debate that? You wanna see what a kick either one of those teams Asked right out there to not to feel up with them But where they play that night I'm talking about if they would have played the way they did Oh, how is state burning out by Cincinnati? See, you think that you're looking at some schmuck Who don't know what he's talking about, okay? I know my sports better than some of these assholes in this building Oh, I'll talk about the game, the judge, the match end Who don't know anything? Except how to make people's lives miserable I don't wanna get you too specific Or, for real, real Huh? Well, I'm finishing up I'm finishing up I did that, I did that I did that, I did that Back in the waste basket That's bad Not in his bad But it's so good It's such a shame, you're wasting the fact If I know the beast was coming I'm gonna give him some... Akins? No, are you getting the sack again or what? Back in the sack, baby We're back on the sack Oh! I may be next week when Troy Was back in a tell, we can find out what's going on with that thing Troy Stratford is a butcher that account Which we don't wanna have happened Because the food is really picked up Has it been a lot better? Did you get the blinces? Did you get the cheese blinces? Yeah, but I got like flounder and sand it was horrible Right, I got that too, I didn't order that Yeah, no need to know that Yeah, start sending us up that way, order a throw Okay, not flounder and salmon We don't wanna know flounder and salmon, okay? Idiot Anyway, how that final lot of total amount of polls See this is bad, this eating on your stuff You better quit doing that to me That's Gary Bruce said Why? But you remember that was that first scream in Tyrate And I almost got fired because you were eating on the air I was supposed to stop you For what reason? Because it was bad radio or because you were trying to The bad radio and I'm supposed to control you And if I can't control you, you'll get somebody in there Who can like Roger and you custom out the hall And everybody was running for whatever open door Really? Through closed doors, what an asshole Six hundred eight, what do you see that? I just spent out a little piece of white hot over my dim, Oh, keyboard Six hundred eight, if you vote, Tom Arnold's on there He didn't have any votes, way Newton's still only got one Pamela Lee appear, big, big, big, but not real We're gripping a pair, Martha Stewart three, Tom broke our five Bruce, Bruce D'Enaid, Barbara Waldersham, a down a nine Slice the low and ten, Jerry Spingers got twelve Registribal and be heaven twelve Bill Gates twenty, twenty two for vana Rosie O'Donnell twenty four M&M thirty four Lary King thirty five Oprah seventy six, oh, it's changing again You can't do it, we don't have time for you to change God Come on change real fast, do it, move it And in the course of the 131 and George W. Bush 269 Bye bye bye