Have a lovely day. Nio, I hope you have a great dance. Well, we have a... Don't go running out of here without telling the truth. Don't tell me I'll put you in the truth. I know, okay. I'm looking at people I know to wish out of the last minute. How many people did you tell me off here where really at that ballgame is today? I want to number 3000. Okay. And, uh, Skippy's mad at me because he didn't see me covered in boobs the other night at Sin City. Yeah. I was covered in boobs, deal. You know the pressure I'm under. Now all the religious groups are after me. What a thought that is. I'm moving in with a Jews, a Jews, a mad. I think Skippy likes to squeeze your boobs as a matter of fact that's what he told me. I love screw your name and the sheriff used a broom handle on him. That's when it's your position. He just can yell at me. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Wait, don't. Dig him out. Dig him out. Okay. The loy-nine thing's got to have a lasi-day meal. I don't think you know what? This place without you is I got to know water in your toilet. See the Marlon game. When you leave Miami dude, every... Clarence is pacing and speaking in tongues. What does Ryanus say is the place is full of crap. Is that what you're saying? That's just falling apart without you. It's like having... It's like you go home to a surprise party and all the loons of our depots. Hey, if you're on the end of the bus this morning folks, but he's still okay in my bus. See ya. See ya. View. Yaaaaaah. Uh-uh. Hello? Guess who? Hello. Guess who? Well, add some in. You just cost me $6,000. What? $6,000. Really? Yes. What can I do for you? What time do you have? It's 12.22. That's right. Wait. What am I going to do this month? Go away, sis. My name is Richard Roma. What can I do for you? You just cost me $6,000. I cost you $6. Yes. Now, where were you last night? Where was I supposed to be? You got the wrong number. What a big manual! Hey, let me buy your pack of gum. I should have a chew it. Ooh. What do you shit me? Fuck you. Yeah, that's what you got to try. So I could crack your fucking head. How f*** are you? Yeah. Come down. I straightened you out. Where the f*** are you? Hello. Where was I? I was at home. Oh, wait. Where did you run your trade? You stupid f***ing f***ing f***ing idiot. Look, I got to go before I get really mad and then I f***ing hunt you down. You f***ing f***ing quit. You f***ing, I'm so sorry. I find out who f***ing cousin you are. I'm going to go to him and figure out a way to have your hat. Fuck you. Are you really, you? Oh my god. I'm sorry. I tell you why. Fuck my job. I quit. Come down, step. Fuck you. Yeah, yeah, right. Yeah. Tough on the phone. Oh, everybody. My wife tough on the phone, too. What are you good about it? I tell you where I'm going to do it. I tell you where I'm going to do it. Don't hurt about it, my dupa. You were saying. I don't know who the f***ing you are. You're f***ing you are. You're in for big surprise. I tell you that, right. That's right. Because you don't know me. You f***ing you. You f***ing. Yeah, I know. You're fairing. I give you a favor. You should probably f***ing... You f***ing cuck sucker. Oh, man. I wish we'd owe the trouble in my life. I would like to beat you face. You know that. You f***ing you. Let me feel so good. Yeah, I know. Goodbye. You f***ing run somebody. That was special. Absolutely. It really was. Anyway, it's 10.05. It's 5.06. For Ralph Drooming out of the bus this morning. I heard him. I don't care what Neil Rogers says. We got a real big thing going with a barlange. And I don't care what Neil says. About the people. And you do the why, Kier. Just the way it is, man. You know, and I'm used to it. I'm used to being blamed. I could blame for everything else. We used to have those t-shirts as it's Neil's fault. And then on the back, you know, if it rains, if your dog takes a crap on a carpet, it's Neil's fault. I'm used to it. I can handle it. That broad shoulders. And so if anybody doesn't go to a ball game or any other sporting event, it must be my fault. I'll take full blame for it. Full blame. Okay. So you're a mean man. That's what Chickas said. Yes, I am. I'm proud to say it. We got the cock couple's contest number three is over. As of this moment, I just declared it's over. 411 votes is what I got. That would you got. Oh, maybe go back there now. No, don't go back. I just got. Well, that's when I closed it out, right? It's in a clock. And we'll go from bottom to top. And last place with 40 votes, Jody and Kevin, it's that Cp thing. And what the other guy said was. I call it way in last place. Sorry, guys. But thanks, everybody who said the pictures and the participated. Okay. Thank you very much. And we got another one coming up next month, which will mostly be on your skinny shoulders. Yeah. Rich and Cheryl 72 in Sputtershirl's gigantic impressive chest. Dan and Sherry 79. Captain Singin' his wife, 164. We might have voted for Captain Singin' but not in the 30 magazines last two months. Vicky and Mick 172. Dan and Michelle, 220. They moved up nicely, but not really contending. Ian and Jen, 282. Mike and Christian, 300. I think they deserve a little more than that, don't you? Yes. Holly and Darren did well. They had 344. They came in fifth, fourth. What did they come in? Fourth. Fifth. And then I'm really surprised that this couple didn't do a little bit better. Mary and Shane, they did well, 353, especially considering Mary's smiling abreast. They're, I mean, gigantic smiling hooters, but, and they, well, wait a minute. Didn't they come in third? No fourth. So they get nothing but our best wishes. Third, winning dinner at the pizza loft, Greg and Stephanie 487. And is that something they can come on a motorcycle? Right. Not everybody can do that. Oh, seriously, the Suzuki is in a picture. See, they're all dressed up in a bike outfit. Four free meals. He does look a little like Charlie Manson. So nice going guys. They came in third to get the dinner for two to pizza loft. Second place. Brian and Natasha pulled it out. And Miguel was saying that if they would have shown the other picture in the Tasha would have had the breast show in there that would probably could have given him a run for the money to our winners. Although I see she's wearing a top. Well, maybe she had like a little surprise in it. Maybe she had like openings. Oh, that we grind in. Brian and Sasha 510. They get second place. So now that was they get either the trick, whatever the first place doubled in one, which is a bad way to put it. Isn't it? No, because the first place doubled and it gets the three day two night stay for two with the world. Or races, we saw him casino into Bahamas with round trip air for our like your air or. Or three night two day stay and that is correct. By the way, three night two day stay at for two. He'd nism two or three in Jamaica, including transfers food, Groud drink, or two days entertainment nowhere. So they are winning couple gets to pick whatever they want. And the second place couple, which is a Brian and what's your name? What's your name? Stephanie. And Natasha, they get whatever is left over, which is not bad. And the winning couple, just smashing the competition, Frank and Liz, a thousand and 68 vote. Shocking, which means that they have a lot of friends and a lot of our freepers. And they did very nicely. Congratulations guys. And Miguel, I'm sure it'll be probably not only calling, let them know, but probably wanting to go along. Yes, sir, what happened? But you just kick his ass out of it. He's just your brutal. He just broke him out this morning. Yeah, bad. That's really hard. Why do I Carlos was in jail over the weekend? Oh, that's here. See, the audience thinks we're making us up about this kid that we got. We just can't get his life straight enough. No, you see you're laughing. I'm crying. I'm not a virgin. It takes a lot to get me to cry, but he's got me right on the edge. And we want right now on behalf of Little Beiner Roy, we want to apologize to the audience. We have a very loyal bunch of people over there. I'd like to try to find out what's going on in our website. I'd use to be very prestigious website until this weekend. But unfortunately, Carlos was otherwise detained. And I think detained is the operative ward in this case. Little REC up there on a highway. And he's got one story and the other person got the other story. And then, of course, he just happened to be driving without a license without a foul of drivers license and created a little bit of a problem for himself. So the bedtime stories didn't get on our Saturday. The ones that I worked feverishly to send him, think it out there Sunday because he was otherwise detained. And who knows what's going to happen today? We did set him along a bunch of really good stuff. Didn't even get the great Steven story on there from Saturday, which I have right here, thank goodness. Maybe it was my psychic abilities again. Maybe I had a foresight to realize that I should bring that up here with me. Because he probably would screw up again. The man just can't he is light. What do I tell you? Life challenged. Life is a challenge for being a boy. He can't, it's not just the keys. It's not just, you know, can't find his ass with both hands. It's just everything in his life is a major crisis. Do you think he's listening right now? Yes. Well, good. We like him a lot. Okay. He's does a great job on the website. But he's like backing himself in a way in an extracable position. Do you know what I mean? No. What do you mean? Kind of like when the beast gets down on all fours and clearance makes up in behind him. And it's like an extracable one. And especially for the beast once he gets down on all fours, it's going to take months before he gets back up again. He needs to find something vertical to climb up on. Back to him. Yeah. So, for else, I'll also tell me he's going to work feverishly on getting clearance laid. But I doubt it. And the interesting part of it is I think you may have been right. I don't want to say what you were saying on Friday because I thought that was really you in very poor taste. God. I don't want to say it. You said you were the one making all kinds of implicated. Hey, how I was next you're going to be doing to him the same thing with Tom Jitter times I did to Craig Stevens the paper boy. How's he doing? Oh, we're fine. Yeah. Tom, once again, full of crap. Don't have your facts straight. But thanks for mentioning me in the newspaper again. Look at to that. It's going to be a brutal week. See, this is usually the week that I'm gone. I start that summer gig this week, the 20th of June. And somehow I screwed up this week, this year. Because I know the audience had much rather have you talked about the Michelle Gillon's ass. Oh, and for Michelle Gillon and right, Laura Dale's mustache. But, you know, I'll do it best I can. And I will read another sentence from Hillary Clinton's book. Let's hear it now that I'm back here in a real civilized place. I'll read one more sentence. This is the only place in the world where you'll hear the Hillary book read on a radio one sentence at a time. Should I do that right now? Okay. Let's get it over there. Let's get on the way. I'm going to do it with the pull from the weekend again. We got to deal with the new pull, which we're going to be building maybe, but I doubt it. Here you go. Listen carefully. I came of age on the crest of tumultuous social change and took part in the political battle spot over the meaning of America and its role in the world. All right. Nice one. That's it. Now the sentence tomorrow. See, it gives you a chance to like absorb it better. One sentence at a time. Very slowly. Very carefully. So what are you going to be buying? Hillary book or Harry Potter or both? You know, I'll probably have to wind up spending money on that Harry Potter book as I have a teen child that reads that. Twelve minutes after 10 I want to mention before you forget that Bob Eisenhardtberg is a major asshole, but that aside. That aside. That aside. Now with Tom Corley on these said, that aside. Barbecue's goal or carries the biggest range of Weber Grills and accessories you've ever seen in your life. Starting with the Weber Smokey Joe Portable Charcoal Grills for under 28 bucks. It's the perfect real for any July 4th picnic or any picnic anytime. And nobody can be barbecue's glores incredible unbeatable selection of top quality Grills. They carry your full on a Grills including Weber Viking. Jen Ayer Braille made in lots of exclusive Grills that you won't find no place else. Like Turbo, Barbecue Chef, Cook on a Captain Cook all at the guaranteed lowest prices in the universe. And right now take advantage of no payment same as cash financing until January 2004 on a proof credit. This week take only amazing three burner cook on grill a barbecue's glores exclusive. This one comes with a host of great features normally only found on much more expensive Grills. Like 42,000 powerful VTUs, porcelain coated cast iron burners and cooking grills. And a generous 625 square inch cooking area. You just won't find another grill like it nowhere for the price. Now only 349 bucks and only at Barbecue's glore. Perfect like I said to that July 4th cookout and all the other ones too. Don't forget Barbecue's glores America's best Barbecue store with stores in plantation. A university drive in a prestigious fountain shopping center called 950442. 4242341800 and also in Carl Springs, Carter Sample and Rock Island roads called 954. 7576668, Barbecue's glore, all the top brands unbeatable everyday prices everything you need for Barbecue. My life and love all this is for 3856. You are a fan. You approach a beautiful woman's car. You will not let you ask because she has a snob. Get out of here you dog. The snob. Look I told you I don't want you near me, okay? I told you I don't want my weird shield clean. I don't need my car clean. I don't need anything but I want you to ask. Because let me tell you something. I know you trying to pick me up. I know it. I know it for a fact. 1070 that 560 WQM happy Monday to avoid this sunny and smoking here. It's like about 90. It is smoldering. I got a smog alert already but it's not humid like there. It's not like suffocating. So now let me just see if my psychic powers are working. This call online 9 that says Miami. I bet you know who it is. Okay. WQM hello. Hey, no good morning. Is this you? No. Not the chronic? No. Are you black? Yes. It's you. See I told you. I know who that is. That's a guy that got close 8 million times today. I'm not on Friday. Just bitched him out on Friday. I said get out of here. He's the one that's fastened under two different names. Calls online 9 which have no idea why. Since, you know, he's got all the other lines you could call on. It's kind of like holding up a banner saying, hey, I'm the chronic asshole. I'll be online 9. What do I tell ya? Do I know my crap or what? You got it. I know my crap. And you know something? I don't know my crap as well as I thought I did because the pool I was going to take. Tell Eric to put that one on the back burner. I mean, it's not a bad pool, but I got a much better one. It used to stack me from a listener. But she liked this one much better. Oh, yeah. Especially on the heels of that tacky Johnson business. And he's got my pick right up front and center. Really? Okay. So here's the pool for today. Oh, I better do the other one. I'm so enthused that somebody asked, well, let me just tell you something. Okay. You know, as well as I do, especially since you're so bad on polls anyway. Yeah. Come out on something new and exciting and interesting and different pool every day. Just try to do because we used to take some pride in our website until Carlos got busted over the weekend. But up until that point, we used to take a lot of pride in. But to come up with something new and different every day is like, just mind boggling. Mind boggling. Or you know what I was thinking about during the break? I give up. I was thinking about the fact that Miguel, see, it's kind of like one of those damned if you do and damned if you don't. On the one hand, we know he's not too crazy about sitting in there and answering the calls and screener. But on the other hand, it keeps him away from Doreen back there and promotions. It's a mixed blessing. So it's a mixed bag. A mixed bag. And I was wondering to myself, if the re like ever has like put her hands on Miguel, you know what I mean? You follow what I'm saying? Because we know she wants him desperately and he's very angry. No, I don't want to hear that. That's a cop. We don't play that game anymore. I wouldn't hear that question. I bring your part. He could. He could. He could. But he won't. Did you got something in his mouth? His tongue. Yeah. He's biting it and there's blood dripping out his chin. Yeah, there's something dripping out his chin. I'm sure that. Well, okay. He won't answer the question. But I guarantee you she's probably grabbing a cheek here in there and you know like Panna nice job. Miguel, good job out there today in the event. You know, she talks a little bit like she talks a little bit like for a while. This morning, I thought you had a bunch of boogers on your nose. But anyway, so on a pull from a Friday, 1834 votes. Which of these are you most sick and tired of hearing about? We asked. Now see, the first category I'm assuming. I'm probably sprained a little bit better. Although it did very well anyway in one by a landslide. I'm assuming the reality TV shows includes all of these star wannabes, you know little boy and Girl stars and teenage star. You know what? Where they call those idols. Yeah, all of those. Yeah, I'm sure that's what we're talking about. Are you saying? Uh-huh. Am I right? Absolutely. Okay. Reality TV shows 3. 39. 389. I mean, winning hands down. Scot and Lacey Peterson 230. Nice job. I'm Eric correcting my bad spelling. Thank you. About time you did something. The Hillary book 203. Weapons. We better not piss off Eric now. It's in limbo status of Carlos, you know what? We better start sucking up the Eric big time. Because if we if we lose the old man, I mean, if we lose Carlos. Hillary book 203. Weapons of mass destruction 195. New Harry Potter book 170. Oh my god, they're selling that thing like it was head like an at a hundred dollar Bill inside of a book. Right. Have you ever seen anything like that? No. I mean, look, on a one hand, that note on several hands. First of all, if kids are reading, even if it is crap, at least it keeps him off the streets. And number two, it's good for commerce. It's good for the economy. Somebody's buying something, right? Okay. I'm trying to look on the bright side. Oh, the Martha Stewart. Martha Stewart 147. The Middle East Road map. 142. It's a little rocky. I guess they missed all those mines in the middle of the road, all those landbines. Then they give a little shot at me here, although it's very close. Neal's movie shows 119, 6.4% how hot Jackie Johnson the channel seven weather Babies 116. So like three votes spread there. The Florida Marlins only 58. They love those Marlins. They just too cheap to go see him. How about that Don Trell again there, I'm a girl? Good stuff. Good stuff. Another shot out, even though it was a rain shorten game. The kid is a dynamite nobody cares. If 15,000 announced, which means Saturday, maybe it was like 10 or 12. I'm ready proud of for a little butchered up in the admitting, well I'd back him into a corner. Admitting on the ear there a few minutes ago that there was only 3,000 people there yesterday. Maybe nobody saw them throughout the first pitch. Yeah, and that's what he's pissed off about. He don't care if you support the Marlins enough, but his ego is wounded badly. Nobody was there to see him throughout the first pitch. And you people when you see him throw it. He can bring it. Bring it. He call 45 and the made person only 20. Nobody said like you said, it's past anyway. So that was the pull from the weekend. We had a phenomenal response in spite of the fact that we had those lame, old bedtime stories on it. I was saying somebody else is a bigger apology. You know what? Yeah, him. No, you see, I don't want to get into a whole thing in air. His dirty laundry on the ear. Yeah, I don't want to do it too much. But there comes a point where some things are cute. You know what I mean? Like if you have an uncle who's always a little bit drunk a little and he read it. But then if the uncle starts like stealing stuff out of your house, and the uncle winds up in jail and you have to keep going out and bailing him out. And it keeps progressing. Like a, you know, kind of like in certain movies saw. Right. You know what I mean? I don't even. I don't either. It starts spiraling out of control. So it goes from I can't find my keys and I lock myself out of my apartment and my computer just blew up. And it just keeps like a gigantic snowball going downhill. So I would suggest that somebody just kind of like slow down a little bit. Maybe if you'd stop you in an array of pills and give them the purple ones. And you're going to be better. He needs a few doggy downers just to calm down. I'm serious. The man is out of control. He is spinning out of control. So the poor where his life is just he's he's the kind of guy you will find under the overpass. And a couple of months if he doesn't just calm down a little bit. Okay. And even though he is working three, four hundred hours a week, I see he doesn't realize I can hear through that glass when I'm there. Even when I'm not there, I can hear through it. Right. I heard that cost a little comment and of course you and I are trying to take extra good care of him and And stuff it a little on the side, you know, and plus all the drugs you're supplying him. So what the and plus he's getting laid now is getting action from Treasure Island. What more does he want? So life should be sweet, but no. Everything is a major crisis. Take it. I know people like that. Oh, gee, my driver's license expired. How much effort does it take to open up your wallet? Take a look on your goddamn license and see when it expires. Huh? How much effort does that take Carlos? You little pimple head? Or that? Yeah. Simple then. Goopal. I had so many damn, I had such great stories I've facts about Saturday morning. I'm wondering what the hell is going on here now? What is going on? Saturday? I see nothing to run a website. Sunday comes Sunday goes I come up here. I look on a website. Same old hired crap. I'm embarrassed. I'm humiliated. We own apology to the masses up there. All 20 or 30 people who really see it's interesting that nobody reads the vet time stories Anywhere they just want to see naked pictures. But you kill that damn stuff? Starting to get me nervous about him. Oh, seriously. I think he is. He's Sarah Goldfarb Jr. He's Sarah Goldfarb Jr. Maybe she's been reincarnated. Now when his hair starts turning real white. White and short. Okay. Here's the new pool. I like this pool a lot. This should get a response. Showed off. You think? Yeah. Which overrated hot sub last scene is not word of the. Ideally. Perfect. But I think whoever sent me to pool very much. Which overrated supposedly hot chick is actually the biggest dog. I like that. What's not to lie? Absolutely. Sarah and here's the list of they sent so far. Sarah Kajesaka Park. Sarah Kajesaka Park, Rika. Paprika. Glory as Stefan. And whoever said that she was hot. Emilio. No, he didn't. Oh, you can. Oh, you can. Somebody must have. I'm guaranteed he never said that. You know, he said. You bet you spot you for. Hopefully in a slightly lower register. Mariah Carey with her one large your breast. You know, I love seeing away things go down. Sooner or later there is justice. Sometime you have to wait a long time for her. Her movie was a flop. Her albums aren't selling. She's desperate to try to rebuild her image. But we still see wouldn't touch you with Miguel's hand. I do like that. And Jackie's Johnson. We don't want to be picking on Jackie. Jackie, two pulls in a rubber. Why not since he's the centerpiece of so much attention. Did we ever get Miguel's take on Jackie Johnson? He's on the phone right now. Well, what do you mean he's on the phone? Huh? Oh, all right. Good. I always like that in the game. I was just because he's agree with me, but because he least he's honest about that. He won't be honest about the fact that Rina's trying to grab his ass because you don't want all his plain politics. You know, plus if he talks about it, then she'll really get encouraged. And the last. The last thing he wants is to encourage Doreen with the biggest ass he ever seen, but that'd be side to point. And a big rack, according to a, I don't want to go into that. For Religious Joke, and he's just pulling your chain. So there you go. Jackie Johnson, and then of course, we'll add a bunch more of whatever you think. That's an excellent pull. Thank you profusely, because the pull I had really was marginal at best. I don't even know what inspired me for the other one about autographs. We will. I will speak sometimes. I will say this. autographs, seekers. Just if you're, if you're going to get it with money in mind, because it's going to be worth something someday. Okay, I mean, it's a mercenary thing, but at least you're honest if you admit that. But if you're going to get somebody's autograph because you really want them to sign up picture or just just to had their signature. And I did that. See, if I never would have done that, I'd be, you know, full of crap. But I did that as a kid. Used to come up here to Toronto, but I may believe gardens get the, get their real early with a friend of on. We'd get the hockey players to sign their pictures before the game. Get autographs Johnny, Bauer, Frank, Mahabalach. Now, if you ask me why I did that, I couldn't tell you now, because I was a kid and didn't know better. Right? That's why I sang, why did you have a bar mitzvah? Well, I was a kid and didn't know any better, and they made me do it. I was a punk. 20s, I would like a street punk like on passions. By the way, good episode that I like it. 27 past 10 at 5, 60 I'll tell you what else you like. The number one Asian buffet in the university, Emerald Coast Chinese buffet man is as a place to be picked out. Sunrise, North Palm Beach, in their newest location in prestigious, temperate pines, start out with any of six different suits, even shovel them all in your post if you like. And then there are dozens of suck-of-the-on trays New York strip made a word with the gourmet center, their sizzling Asian grilled featuring all kinds of good things, grilled shrimp scampy style, jumbo scallops wrapped in bacon, and their new seafoods ain't jokk. And if that isn't enough, there's lots more. Try their dunginess crab and ginger and scallions. The hand-carre primer cooked just the way you like it. Plus the new Oriental chicken salad to don't forget you'll never walk out of this door with a headache, with a pounding, throbbing headache because they don't use any crab. No MSG, no cornstarch, and they cook everything only with cholesterol for your worlds too. If I get the Amal Coast beaches a full salad bar, sushi bar, fresh shrimp cocktail too, and if you have room left at the end of the meal try to save, try to like rationing out after the first two, three hours. Save a little bit of room for the dessert station, featuring pines and case, pastries, ice groomed on your favorite topping, fresh fruit, even be having watermelon too. Amal Coast in sunrise you'll find a pineapple at a 44th street. They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd north by me beach, and at the intersection of the flamingo and temperate roads in temperate pines. Take the whole family, all your friends with you or book your next business lunch and right now, all size parties be welcome. Let them do the cooking for it. The Amal Coast in North Rage take out and delivery, always available too. Call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. That's 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. You can't be that with a stick, the world famous Amal Coast, Chinese buffet. There we go. Hey y'all, my name is France, from Eugene Thomas, rent the bushings nominee for the Supreme part. And you know there's lots of people who's out there to think just off, I smoke a little marijuana when I was in college. And it wasn't that they'd better pin joint. They'll maybe sing outside your honor, Melia. They don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court. Yeah, I got the money. Let's do this quick and get out of here. I won't sit down straight. When I stop reviewing the law, I don't just review the law. There y'all. I mean, Tokyo. And I Tokyo to the East. And I Tokyo to the West. And I Tokyo to the East. Why not look up Sandra Dale Panas, best. I'll be Tokyo. Let's go, very one y'all. Big story, major bulletin Justin, do you see it? What no? Supreme Court allows use of race and law school's admissions. The Supreme Court just moments ago upheld university law school admissions policy to give minorities an edge ruling that race can be one of many factors that colleges consider when selecting their students. The ruling in the law school case preserved the concept of affirmative action for minorities who might otherwise be underrepresented on top campuses, but makes it clear that racial preferences must be used sparingly. In other words, if they can play basketball, real good and sign them up. The five before ruling endorsed the program at the University of Michigan Law School meant to ensure a critical mass of minorities on campus. The program is not an illegal quota the high court said. A companion ruling testing the constitutionally of another more overtly preferential affirmative action program for minority applicants was also expected today. Government has a compelling interest in promoting racial diversity on campus and the law school plan is narrowly focused on that goal of the court majority said. The ruling by a vote of five to four may secure that racial preferences have to be used sparingly. The high courts of the Michigan program does not amount to an illegal quota. How do you like that? You like it? No. No. If you can cut it, fine you're in. If you can't cut it by by, that's why it should be. This constant matter I want to go into it. Go into it. Go into it. What's the point? And also, with this week, we're going to the Saudi meeting. Back though. That may be today too. Don't go into it. Don't go into it too deeply. That's what the clearance said. So again, back to clearance. You know, and all that crap that you were talking last week, I want to want to want my health things about why he he's so wishy wash. You're so limp. You're not going to save you. Think Clearen says gay because after all, you, uh, he's the program director. Yeah. That was your conclusion. That's not at all what I was saying. That had you words. You switched. We're getting out of here. You're all man. You talk about trying to back out of it. So to speak. Get out of here. They're not. You were representing me again. Okay. So in other words, you said you said that he doesn't want to get late. All he cares about his sports. That's it. That's what I said. His life is rich and full of that. No. That's what I said. No. No. Everybody's horny. Okay. Even sports nerds are horny. Like there are less people that they're so into. Unless he's getting some in the locker room, which we don't know about. Unless that may be the answer. Others. That was what you were trying to say. Now you're trying to like color your. Yes, you are. It's wishful. You're doing the same thing. The clearance to poor clearance our program director. Then I'm accused of doing the Craig Stevens. So now finally came out of the closet. Anyway, how's he doing? Oh, we're fine. Oh, why theater? He wears those shirts. Here's another bulletin. Twelve hundred is plenty of evacuated in Florida this morning. A lot of crap going on, you know? Oh yeah. Well that's why I'm on the internet a lot here. There's something about being here because when I was there, I was able to do this. So I don't know easily. Probably because this stuff here works a lot better. Oh, you think? But now during the break, secondly, you go online here and check out some of these stories you what else going on. Well, Delta airline passenger suffered minor injuries this morning when they're Boeing 757 had to be evacuated to an fireball shot from the engine when it was started in Tampa. Oh, Delta flight 1036 from Tampa to Atlanta was leaving Gate of Tampa International airport about some 15 this morning. When the pilot's notice the small fireball shoot from an engine when it was turned on, said Bill wait a Tampa Fire Department spokesman bought 170 people on a plane. I wait to hear this. The evacuation shoots were deployed in some passenger-spraine ankles and other minor injuries when they slid down they were taken a hospital for treatment. So in other words, they had to slide down the old shoots. Oh shoot. Airports spokeswoman Brenda Gagahan, Gagahan, Gagahan. The fire was extinguished. That's her name. Okay. Said that the fire was extinguished immediately. She said the remaining passengers would be put on another flight. I'm sure they'll be real anxious to get on with the Delta flight when you think so. Right away. Oh, yeah, put me on. I went over there. Let's see if this one will take off. You can get this turkey off the ground. Point above the dude to that one. Find a way the good news, speaking of airlines. I want my good friend Helen in a whole world and I'm very delighted she changed her mind. She's not going to be tarry out in a couple of weeks not till the end of the year at least. And then she'll probably rethink that anyway. See, I thought she was getting squeezed out with all this air can of the crap. But she's not. Okay, I found out yesterday at the airport. So nice going Helen. She hang in there. I want to see her at least two three more times before she decides to hang it up. She's a sweetheart. She's one of the really nice people in South Florida. Not too many of them. So when you find when you just grab on women's squeezes hard as you can, that's what Dreen said. That's what he said in the gal. He's still got it though. He runs like a son of a bitch. That's why he wears that marlins outfit that he's like on a team or something. Runs like a maniac up and down a hall. Just evading her clutches. Okay, also before we get to the appool. Police in California probes suspicious truck. You see that store I'm sure you did. Yeah, they kept showing that truck and they're working and they're sniffing around it. Now wait to hear how the vaunted associated press. I want you to listen to the first paragraph. It sounds like it was written by somebody in a trailer park. Listen to the way they wrote this. Authorities early today investigated a big rig truck park near the Burbank airport after having gotten a tip that a truck driver was headed to town, possibly with terrorists in mine. He was headed to town. Terrorists are coming to town. Can't you hear that? I can't hear it. What kind of a sentence is that after having gotten a tip that a truck driver was headed to town, possibly with terrorism in mine. I mean, I understand they treat the American people like morons and most of them are. Did you see if I don't want to go into the test results? I'm not talking about the Florida ones like nationwide. I mean, people are just so dumb and scary. Yeah, they're dumb. And where did I see it last week? They were asking that they went into a shopping mall somewhere. I'm not in Florida. Thank God. I would have been too embarrassing for us. And we're asking who the vice president or was on a game show channel. Remember I told you that thing they were showing the bloopers. Right. And in the middle of that show, they went out. They took a mic and they went into a some shopping mall and we're asking who the vice president was. Like the current vice president. Yes. Yes. This was recently done. And the closest somebody in some guy got was a dick. That's the foasy guy. I think the vice president said dick. And then Bob you banked. So yeah, you're right. No, no, no, seriously, that nobody knew what his name was. And don't tell me out of sight, out of mind. Okay, we deal with really stupid, stupid, stupid people. The truck is on a road. I'm the city board. I would love to handle the northeastern of the LA X Airport. It was parked next to a so called fuel farm where tens of thousands of gallons of aircraft fuel is stored. We're investigating possible explosives on a park tractor trailer near the Burbank Airports and LA police officer who said he was too busy to give his name. TV news helicopter showed off his walking closely of the truck. No driver was visible. The officers were not wearing protective gear. Maybe a bad mistake. So the guy they were tipped off by a unknown caller from Texas from someplace in Texas. He said he used to work with the driver of the truck and that the driver's motive had to do with the war on terrorism. How do you like that? The Burbank landale pass any airports north south run where was closed with their traffic ever to the east west runway instead. Passed your trains were prohibited from stopping at the airport. So they're still checking it out. As we speak, okay, let me do the abric. And then I'm sure we're going to get tons and tons of calls at least four or five. Hey, look, I can't help but there's just nobody there now, you know? Whatever it is, it is. Ghost town. And as sure you want to backstab her the beast is, hey, I don't want for real. I'm sure for real is not listening on a way back to Boko right now. Don't listen, Scott turned it off. You know, he comes in there sucking him out with us because I was telling him about how for all through me into the bus with that Marlon comet. He only had two calls. He only had two calls the whole first 40 minutes. No, no, he said three. Or whatever, he said, okay, why would, why would somebody who's sucking so hard in there? You see what I mean about that wobbling tub of crap? He's a wobbling tub of craft to beast, man. You're not fooling me. You had a school for a little while. You had to pull over our eyes. This is the beast. Yeah. Water. Just cross pollinating man from one room to the other. Rent a yenta, let's him. Thup, thup, thup, thup, thup, thup, thup, thup, thup, thup, thup, thup, thup. Twenty to eleven and five, set and believe me. If he had three calls and 40 minutes, it's a lot more than we're probably going to get. They love him. They love your Scott. Just clean up your act. Oh, that's another thing we've got to talk about. His vulgar language. So you didn't, so let's clarify this. No, you didn't say your thought parents was a phag. Is that correct? That's correct. Like some people have drug interests that supersede any kind of sexual interest. Yeah. that some other sports is his drug correct. That's not what you said. Hey, I'll tell you what ought to be you're not a drug but you're a thing of choice that you pop in your post. That's only a med because it's good for you. Older your meds are just contained the finest olive oil that you've ever laid your eyes on. It's not just ordinary pedestrian olive oil, even not just extra virgin, but super super concentrated over the all kinds of health benefits for you. Older your med in your mouth, every day can uprooted the risk of all kinds of nasty things like heart disease and high cholesterol. Now you've got 14 different oliumet formulas you can choose from each one combining the finest of purest, the bestest is olive oil that's ever been invented with vitamins, minerals and herbal supports specific health needs. From your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system, all you do is pick out the formulas that you be needing. Now you've got three new oliumet formulas to help you sleep. One help you control that fat and sell Q10 for your heart. Why you're out doing your shopping? Do there sometimes soon. Pick up some oliumet because it's all over town. It's at public's, Eckridge's Walgreens Whole Food Markets. The virus adonates it everywhere or order it online if you want. Onlyumenamerica.com. If you want more information about these two pennies of sighting new products, call them tool free and ask away to your heart's content. It's one, 866 ORIOMED. That's one, 866, 655, 636, 633. Pick up some oliumet and start poppin it in your post right away. 566, 8M. No, here's how Jennifer Lopez and Chris Judd spent their wedding night. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. Why you saying that? I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't eat it. I'm married. Yeah, we're ready. You're so beautiful. I know. You're so successful. I know. You're so rich. I know. I can't believe it. What, what do you keep saying? They're like that. Because I can't believe I'm married to you. I know. I can't believe I'm married to you. That can't believe. Why can't you believe it? Look at you. You're a boom, boom, bandit. But did you spell the sign me for six months? No, we're in love. You did something to me. No. You did something to me. No. You want something in my Coca-Cola? You can't Coca-Cola. Look at yourself. Look at yourself. Look at yourself. I had coffee in my bed. I had coffee in my bed. I had coffee in my bed. I had condensed milk. Who cares? I had coffee in my bed. What do I do? I'm sorry. Oh, no. Fine. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh, I don't like crying. But I love you. You want to sit on you when my big ass. Get up. Get up. Get up. Get up. Pass. I don't need to press up. I can't believe it. I got called Puffy. I'll jump your Lopez and Chris Judd. Spent their wedding night. I'll bet you've been your boy's life. That Jailov has never seen a penis in her life. Guaranteed. I just, you know, it's just my personal opinion. Just like your comments about the parents. That's not to say that he couldn't be. There was another one. Oh, so in other words, now you're covering your ass a little bit. Back to you. Now you're hedging your bets. It's not at all. There's nothing wrong with that. Of course. No, not to do anything wrong with that. Of course. Jailov. She belongs on the list, right? Absolutely. Oh, what? Oh, it's a looting. She doesn't belong on the list. She certainly does. Oh, come on. Megami, we're doing so well with Jackie's Johnson. You think Jailov is hot? She's hot. I'm sorry. Her ass is hot. Yeah, it's a hot ass. About 99 points. This fact she might have SARS. I think it's 103. But her postman, she has a nasty, butch, ducky, push. She looks like a boxer. Isn't that her nickname? That's what the benefit calls her ducky, push. Even Mommy has to come over once a week to change your dikers. But anyway, now see that's bad. Now you're starting to make, and especially on the heels of this great Steven's The Renaissance, certainly other day. Your heart, which, which would have been on our website, I'd like to show them from the fact that Carlos is like, no, look, the audience probably thinks we're exaggerating. Just like that thought I was exaggerating about what an asshole Moe is, which I was not exaggerating was I know. No. Oh, yeah, that's so funny. That can track confidence. There's nothing contrived about it. We don't play that game. That's a wrong show. Okay. That's Mr. Eagle. Wrong station. Wrong show. We don't need any contrived controversy on this decision. Believe me, we got more than enough crap going on real stuff. We're holding back lots as well. Yeah, yeah, he only knew the stuff that doesn't get on the air. Like about the time to ring got Miguel backed up against the corner out in the hallway there. But anyway, WSBN anchor to serve in gay pride parade. This is by Tom Jakogasas from Saturday, sunset and like, lift it up because I knew it was I'm on a back of my mind that Binear boy would screw up our website and I'd go and you little Twitter and by the way, if it's not too late, I'm canceling that check, but I guess it's probably too late. No, now you think that? It's too calling my bank. In fact, what I'm going to do is I'm going to leave instructions that if anybody with that name or tries to cash you check again, just to forgive this life in his face. Call of cops. Tom Jakogas. My good friend Tom was writing a lot more about me lately. Since I've been cutting him a big ass in the survey. So how about that Jerry, if you know, Williams, Dad, how time you idiot. This is, you know, what really bothers me the most. Here's a guy in the ease and Atlas opinion. You can write whatever you want. Just fill my name right and put it in the call. It was pleased and attended to now, not 91. Which you'll notice he never wrote about that either. Here was a, you know, so they write a little blurb about it. What's his name? What's the ugly guy gym in a sports section? It's already Tim Sarny. I do that. Yeah, that's shocky. Well, because I've talked about it so much. Yeah, but he writes a little blurb about morale and about. And then here's a major schedule change on the, one of the, the major AM station along with IOD, I guess is the only two that really come in a whole market. This time he read anything about that. No. So you can keep putting my name in these articles about, wow, I brought this guy to the closet. And I said the S word on the ear. That time why not rewind. I give the public some information about what's really going on. Not just this station, any station. You've got their mobile ex-son of be a step up in your department. God. But I'm the one that's on the touch. Oh, Jesus, K Christ. There was his middle of the Shabbatoi. K. It's, don't forget about his brother Jimmy Christ. It is an unusual time right for a TV anchorman to serve as grand martial of a local parade. It's when the parade celebrates gay pride. But not that there's anything wrong with it. Craig Stevens of WSVN Channel 7 except to the honor for yesterday's fourth annual Stonewall Street Festival in parade in Wilton, Manors. Can you imagine the turnout they hit for that? Stevens has been at WSVN for 11 years. The last two is the main male anchor. Doesn't regard it as a coming out. Oh, we're fine. I guess some people will say I didn't know that. But I don't think this is going to come as breaking news. Because I've been here so long. I live my life openly. Stevens said, over the years have been active in various gay charities in events. That's right, Craig. Now I'll follow the other our closet queens are a channel. Seven would like line up behind you. Then we'd accomplish something. That'd be a long line. Just fill up the parking lot back there where I would do use the meat. I don't know what the water. Fill up the whole guy damn parking lot. Hey boy, what's that in your mouth? Exactly. Stevens said he served as MC of an AIDS Walk and been on the board of directors of Center One, which helps victim Vades. However, the parade is the most public acknowledgment he's made of his sexual orientation. It makes him the most prominent member of the South Florida media to come out since Neil Rogers during the Anita Brankton, University of 1976. Rogers went out to become the most popular radio personality in South Florida. How do you like that? Always like that Tom Zikky. You know what? Even though he didn't want to yell at that down the corner of me. You're gay. He did. The thing is going around the corner of the station. I've open up the door to the studio and he put it. Poked to sit around. You're gay. Just like that. It doesn't anticipate a negative backlash either. Maybe it's because of the nature of this community, which is really a tolerant of different lifestyle. Oh yeah. All right. Ironically, Rogers is, and I see this is the part that just bugs the crap out of me. But that's okay, I can handle it because it's full of crap. Ironically, Rogers has made veiled references to Steven sexual orientation over the years. Steven said it bothered him at first because of the hurtful nature of Rogers' comments. But it's come to regard it as a compliment. Neil only talks about people he feels are important. Well, you get a little carried away Craig. Steven's ran his participation in the parade past news director Alice Jacobs as a courtesy. If we get involved in a base there, you're running past the people here. Or said Jacobs reacted to Steven's expected. I told him no problem. It's all about a cheat to a special backlash. Yati Yati. He's not the first front line anchor to be open about a sexual orientation. Randy Price who works at WSPN's sister station. Is that a play on words? In Boston is out as Hank Plant, who served as Anchorman at WKPI. And he's a WKPI ex and San Francisco. It didn't turn out to be an issue in either instance it says. I don't you like that. So Craig Stevens is gay. Aren't you shocked? And this made Josh Darrell, our program director aka Clarence's... ...here. This is rude. I mean, this is really making any difference in his case. No, not really. Because I mean, our light clearance is a good guy because he gets me my paycheck on time. Sometimes they're early with it coming up in two days. I'm certainly not going to make any cost to comments about him. But I will say this. I view him basically as sexless. Do you know what I mean? Like a neuter? Yeah. Right. I'm not saying he's a unit. He might actually have penis. Maybe. I'm not sure. It's moved like G. But I don't... I view him as sexless. I don't... I can't imagine him getting aroused or just... Unless it's over a ballgame. Unless it maybe like Hurricane's baseball. And certainly her kun's football. Brother, can you imagine him on the ballgings with Zagaki? That's why they limit him to the baseball games. Because football he'd be out of control. Oh my! Oh my! That's why they have to put the lovely beast in there. It's their whoever they put. Okay, so that's the ideal on clearance for anybody who cares anybody cared. Oh, no. I just thought, you know, since you out of them on Friday. Hmm, we're trying to like... At least put him halfway back in there. Okay, let's get this pull-a-go home. What do you say? I'm just... I'm just... I'm just... I'm just... I'm just... No, it is great because I understand that I really blew it this year. And this will never happen again. Can you... Do you have a rating book sitting around or somewhere? Oh, yeah, lots. No, but I mean, a reason one. Because I'd like to know what the last day. I bet it was last Thursday. I mean, last Wednesday. The last day of the spring rating book. They got a fall 2002 right here. I'm just looking at that. That's good. That's good. Because in the back on a back-inside page it shows you the rating periods when they end. Okay. So look at spring 2003. You got it? Yes. What's the last day? June 18. Oh, June 18. June 18. You got sort of range... And what thing was the 18? Wasn't that Wednesday? Well, like I just said, I am... Absolutely correct. Yeah, once in a while I fall into a bucket of crap. So like I said, the rating period has been over for five days already. So what the other week here? This is the summer book. You're going to get blamed for it anyway. What do I care? Honestly, I'm not saying this to cover up for your... No, it's... In that equation, that's very good word. But the fact that it matters, I don't know how you do it. How many years in a row did I talk about it before I got lucky enough to get out of the sun? How many years did I get in a... In the beginning, summer was great. Summer was fantastic. Kids were out of school, college students were home from my college. And everybody was having a good time. And we used to get all kinds of living and breathing. People during the summer who couldn't call us the other three seasons. The other three time parts of the year. Then what happened? And then they all started getting smart and getting out of town in the summer time. Everybody abandoned it because it kept getting more and more hot. And more and more stifling and more and more suffocating. I'm telling you, I don't know how you people do it. You have got to be a captive audience. You must be held there by absolute necessity. You're a job, your family, your prison, whatever it is that force you to stay there these months. We've produced people. July, August, and I'm not really so sure about September and I'll like reading it. Sometimes October. Right. Suffocating. Now I'm not talking about hot and humid. I'm talking about way beyond that. Vegas. It's 115. It's hot, but it's not humid. Here, like it's in the 90s. Every day this week, it's going to be. It's hot, but it's not humid. Power, broiler. Wow. Brutal. So I salute all of you who are unfortunate enough to have to be stuck in that. And then of course, they're those people. We love it. We love the summer weather. Here we are. Three of them. Here's Miami. Hello. Require. Oh, again. Second day at a row. Require. Any answers to saying. No. Ready. So every single day. This guy is out there. And this is this is one of the other ones doing different voice nods. And just notice that for the first time. He's got a new act. Ritar. No. 5.670. 5.60. Pomp 5. But what does that tell you? I've been going on for almost an hour now. We got our good pull here going. And the first call is the same asshole was the first call on Friday. So like I said, after the break, George and McGill are going to be doing the shoulders do the spots. All right. Now, just a joke. I don't want to talk about the middle. I don't want to talk about the middle. I would like to do that. Because I'd like to get about 10 names on the pulse of the air can put it up on there. But maybe not. 5.670. 5.660. Pound 5.660 on the AT&T Verizon line. Which overrated supposedly hot chick is actually the biggest dog. We've only got five so far. Cerrochagistic a parlor. Glorestephan. Mariah Scary. Jackie's Johnson and J.Lo. And we're waiting for your suggestions. Okay. Are we waiting for there? No. We're waiting with Vated Breath. We're waiting for you waiting for you waiting for you waiting for you waiting for you waiting to lose some weight. But it's not going to happen by osmosis. And all this exercise business is fine. But you know how far you have to run from here to from more years than right now to see atle. To lose any meaningful weight. You've got to have food that will help you lose the weight. You've got to have a real diet that you can stay on. That's why balance for life is so good because even the simplest of the simple ones out there can stay on because you have nothing to figure out. No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting. Just great results is the weight pours off your body. And you have a big smile on your post because like I said, they do all the figuring out for you. The only choice you have to make is when they send you that menu once a week. You'll pick between two alternatives for each meal I made it into a program. And they deliver right your door fresh every morning, a little black sack. And there's the food you need for the entire day in your sack. Three delicious fresh gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, even little bottle water is in there. So you don't have to worry about eating little teeny tiny portions or a chemical feast inside of a box. This is fresh good stuff that you really enjoy. It'll keep you satisfied all day long. And it's all based on the zone diet. So you don't have to worry about whether it's going to work for you because I just guarantee if you stick with it for most of you this could be the answer. You can start seeing results in a matter of days. So if you're sick and tear to be in fat, out of shape, wearing pup tents for clothing, maybe on the verge of diabetes, pick up that phone and call balance for life today. This could be the answer you've been looking for called 9-5-4-5-6-8-3-2-29. 9-5-4-5-6-8-3-2-29, or check them out on their website, balanceforlife.com. And that's it for today. I'm going to be the first one to see the results of the video. And I'm going to be the first one to see the results of the video. And I'm going to be the first one to see the results of the video. And I'm going to be the first one to see the results of the video. And I'm going to be the first one to see the results of the video. And I'm going to be the first one to see the results of the video. And I'm going to be the first one to see the results of the video. And I'm going to be the first one to see the results of the video. And I'm going to be the first one to see the results of the video. And I'm going to be the first one to see the results of the video. And I'm going to be the first one to see the results of the video. And I'm going to be the first one to see the results of the video. And I'm going to be the first one to see the results of the video. And I'm going to be the first one to see the results of the video. And I'm going to be the first one to see the results of the video. And I'm going to be the first one to see the results of the video. And I'm going to be the first one to see the results of the video. And I'm going to be the first one to see the results of the video. And I'm going to be the first one to see the results of the video. And I'm going to be the first one to see the results of the video. And I'm going to be the first one to see the results of the video. And I'm going to be the first one to see the results of the video. And I'm going to be the first one to see the results of the video. And I'm going to be the first one to see the results of the video. And I'm going to figure a mark as an example. Wow. This means that you can find one, a mark withmanner in the end. And the two are in the middle of the video. But you can see it because there's also one more thing about it. It doesn't matter who's always making an experiment or not. It's simply an example because there is one example in the first because one of the elements is fighting with his friends. I never heard of later Jackson. He was Atlantis first black mayor. How about that? And he's died. And anyway, I mean, you just have a touch with reality. Okay, nothing. Nothing with Cuba. So I'm going to go with her anything about them. Here's a good facts. Ricky from the Moon for from Fort Myers to Port Sey Lucy. I'm not sure if that's a step up or a step down Ricky. But anyway, she says, one of the few mentioned the online Democratic primary staring tomorrow Tuesday, June 24, lasting 48 hours. Just mentioning it right now, Ricky. Website for registration is move on dot org where the voter enters their name and email or replace one vote for one of the Democratic contentes. And if I right after the show, I'm going to do that, Ricky. The purpose is to generate enthusiasm nationwide for the Democratic party. And of course, to vote the bushes out of office. Oh, thanks for reminding me, Ricky. Move on dot org. I'm voting for Bob Graham. You don't have very enthusiastic about that. Bob Graham's great. What are you talking about? I was just going to say the poll over the weekend. He smashed all the other contenders in the Democratic primary and Florida. And the against bush it was, I think, 53 to 40 for Bush, which isn't that bad. Right on the heels of that bogus war. Oh, sorry, Miguel. Come up to Miguel. I'll upset. He's a bush lover, man. He's obsessed with bush. Why would you say, yeah? See, he's laughing. He agrees. Aren't you obsessed with bush? Absolutely. I'm sorry about politicians. This is certainly. Nope. Anyway, move on dot org. But the only problem Bob Graham just doesn't have the recognition. Nobody knows him anywhere else. See, in the deep South thing, almost especially Florida, because he was our governor twice. He's a senator now. Things like that. You know, that even the dumbest of the dumbest of something might know who he was. Plus they got a street named after him and his family. But other than that, he might because he's only drawn one or two percent in all the other places. He's just done the who it only is. Plus, on top of that, as much as I like him in the fact he's got big balls and is open up a mouth and really knows what he's talking about. But in spite of that, he's just he's not a good speaker. You know, he's like a, you look at the democratic field. Okay. How are deans a good speaker, right? John Kerry is not only a good speaker, but John Kerry has that craiggy face who looks like he already belongs to them out rush more. Right? You see what I'm saying? Yeah. If you were to even though he's never been elected beyond senator anything else, but he looks right now like he belongs to the wrong way. He's just got that craiggy face. That's not good visual appeal. No, he looks presidential. You're wrong. He looks presidential even though he looks old and craiggy. I mean, you can be young and good looking like Kennedy was, which is good, or you can be old and craiggy and presidential looking like John Kerry, a little scary. Now let's see who else is a good speaker. Anybody on our Al Sharpton? Yeah. What? No, he can speak. He's your hood. I mean, I don't like a lot of his crap, but I'm sure see you laugh right off the bat. You right? You're such a hard ass. Nobody can get through to you. You're like a right. Speaking of my version, we're like a brick. He's a laughable person. Okay, but he's a, he's a, in fact, the first debate that they had, he was the one that they made monkey's out of the rest of the month. I was a bad term. He made him look bad. He made him look bad. He made him look bad. He, I'm just talking about who can speak. Dick Gabhard couldn't talk his way of a paper bag. He's awful. Me, mouth. And he's Julia, man. Oh, yeah, we know about him. Oh, here's another good one. And Nicole Smith. Thank you very much. See we're building this list on the faxes. They don't have time to be colonists today. They'll get around when we get around to them. Richard. He's one of my new favorites. And Nicole Smith. You got her who's taking this list down. Okay. Thank you, Jay and Tampa. Here's one that says Maria Bartaromo once he NBC is not spelled right. It's an I, R, O, M, O. I've got those come in whoever says she was hot. And there are a lot of people do really. All right. Back in the days when he's to watch that when I was losing all of my money, the gambling channel. All these guys when they take calls, you know, people asking about stocks when they have their so-called experts on it. Oh, Maria, you're so lovely. Oh, yeah. A lot of these really desperate. I was who couldn't get laid and answered them. They think she's really hot. Maria Bartaromo, the gigantic bags under rise. Right. They ugly nose. Oh, she's nasty, nasty, nasty. Look, I'll tell you another one. Although other than Maddahl, I can't imagine anybody thinks he's hot. Is there a glory of ancestor, Greta? Whatever hell I'm an ancillan Greta. Avavon, suster. Avavon Brown, sustan. Should we put her on her? Why not? It's free. I know nobody thinks she's hot. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's a joke. In fact, it would be a good pull one day. Who's got the worst the phony nose, Greta? Or what's your name on gambling channel? What is your name? Sue Herera. I don't know. Here's one. It says, what about Melissa Starks, a money that's football for your pull. Nobody, and by the way, what's the story with gilding? Oh, gilding, when do we wait? He already had this day off. It's not. Don't believe all this stuff he heard. Gilding, we back tomorrow. Okay. I'll always look and. But he'll be back tomorrow. Melissa Starks, do we know who that is? Never heard of her. Miguel must know it because he's a football nerd. She's cute. Some of her she doesn't belong on his list. No. Okay. Well, I'm taking your word for because I don't know who that is because I don't watch money at football unless the Patriots are playing a course. So we're building our list here. I think I'm going to vote. I'm not going to tell you I'm going to vote for. But I'll give you a clue. She's got one breast in the middle of her chest. She gives me. I mean, you talk about talent. You can't complain about her talent because so far they haven't found any. Well, if you ever saw Sarah Jessica Parker. It's not what I'm talking about. Are you hoping for her? Oh, yeah. I'm hoping about about five times. So you'll be Mariah Carey. I'd rather I'd rather have Andy Carey on my team any day. Remember Andy Carey third base Yankees? Sarah Jessica Parker's out in front George. How many times you vote? I've already got 11 and Mariah's only got four. Gloria Steph on five. He just keep. Pappa. Jennifer Lopez for and Jackie Johnson don't have anybody. Well, I mean, I see I wouldn't say Jackie Johnson's a dog. That's that's cool. That's nasty. Right. Right. Well, you say she's a dog. I think she's attractive. Ah, come on. She's not a dog. But I think she's does have a monkey face. Five six seven. Five sixty. Just the wrong animal. There's your problem. She's not too good. She's highly overrated. Maybe that would have been a nicer way. Of course we don't want to be nice doing. Oh, I live in nicer way to phrase the bull is the is the most overrated. The most over blown. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T of rise in wireless line. The Supreme Court today ruled that race can be one of the many factors of selection for admission in college. It can be. Which we say. No. Bad move. Here's the call from Carl Springs. Hello. Yes, sir. I was just listening to which I do every day and enjoy your show very much. Click it back on tentative. Me too. I hear you can mention about the. The. The. Ninth goes right on my man. The mayor of Atlanta who passed away. Me and her jacks. I see how fast he all passed. I absolutely. His body is not even warm yet. A funny story about him. I look at it in the late 60s when they opened up the big. Roller coaster called the Great American screen machine. Right. And they had a whole big deal. And he was in the front car because it was the biggest. I just begin with a Premier tt up. The Traileries exploit a temat essential focus on car and set up and run into it a hell and forced to let the code out. Then a immediately up screen first stop the motor behind me. I was pushed up. Aww. x He wanted it. Oh, no. his case of a hard to tell you. Yeah, but he was a very good man from that city which was still fighting the Civil War back in 1969. One other question. Yes sir. I'm on the webpage and talked about a book that you may or may not be writing. Is that true or is that just kind of a go. That's the one error of fantasy. Okay. Because I actually think it would be very interesting to read about your life I guess. My exploits. You know, count. They're thinking about it. Okay. Great. They pal. Bye. That's right about our exploits. All of us. What do you say? No. Several chapters about Beiner boy. So what's the story with him? He had any update on that punk? No. On that street punk? No. Why not? I don't know my phone's right. Do we have the new stories up there? I guess I could take a look, but I'm scared to take a look because he needs at least two hours. Oh, seriously. He doesn't realize that I'm sure because he thinks just like a lot of other people George who think I'm always going to go to bat for them and they push the thing a little. See, at least George learned his lesson man. He backed into a corner just shut his mouth. He put his like little Tom off thumb. Who was it? Little Jack corner? Yeah. That's not the quarter. Set in the corner and stuck in his mouth. Now, the same old crap is on here from like Friday. Conservatism here. They got that's a nice story to be in a boy, but it's old. It's ancient. It's old stuff. It's embarrassing for a high paid show like ours with our big fancy schmancy website that we're always bragging about. Get with it, Beiner boy. He's something I speak in a vice. How about that Nathan Horton, huh? Oh, I don't know. The kid that the a panther's drafted. And what was what was for well talking about this morning? I mean, so maybe this Samuelson kid, my Kyle Samuelson, that they got from the penguins. Maybe he does suck, but the fact that the man was they got him for free because they got Nathan Horton anyway, which is what they wanted in the beginning. So they got like a freebie thrown in there. So they have like an extra body, then they understand that they got an extra body. Actually, they pulled up a pretty good deal there. And he had a better come down a little bit for L. But again, it's your it's your night chasing. Yeah, that's the problem. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I'm an who went through to throw out the first pitch yesterday and about 75 people were there in the beginning of the game and he said no more than 3000 by the end by the conclusion. The red hot Marlins are only one game under 500. There were only 75 games out of that playoff spot, the wild card berth. They got the Don Trail Bull as who's the biggest attraction since Vita Blue, who everybody in their world is just a camp to leave. How good he is. He's like 21 years old. Anybody care? Oh, no, nobody cares. Even Miguel no care. Did you go Saturday to see that game? I was there all week along basically. Really? Yeah. I'll be damned. Of course, like I said, there. There's a real fan right there. I got to get some free tickets. But at least uses him. He doesn't, doesn't throw an instrument or like some of us do. He actually goes out there and sees it. He had to come. Oh, that's right. Was some kind of promotion? Well, I don't have to go yesterday. I went. Yeah, but you wanted to see for all throughout the first pitch, didn't you? Not really. Were you there when it threw out the first pitch? Actually, I was outside of the stadium. Geez. That's why he's he goes wounded. You know, the guys only been here a couple of weeks. Some of them, but to at least pretend that we, you know, like him a lot. From the people who've won out of ideas like America's most talented team American Idol Junior and America's most talented kid, come to ultimate competition for young people. America's most talented. But show that let you hope for your favorite celebrities, patrol, son of grand. The year tonight, couldn't pre-hable Bruce Spring's being votes out unborn in the USA. A tiny Justin Timberlay-Gurgle's walk your body from the inside. And a thin dim will grow up to be Von Jovi Sains born to be your baby of America's most talented. Yes, right after America input, I go to my gun box. It's 11 16 at 5 60. Nobody came. I got the mad dog at two. In fact, we got no Marlon game. This, we got a pristine schedule. Right. And mad dog 2 to 4, the Humphrey will be a chillist today for the seven, the big seven to 10 proving that nothing is perfect. Any K 10 to 2 and you'll mark overnight 2 to 5 and a a m when it's a hot mole, Mohour David and Geldio will be back. Geldi will be back tomorrow. Hopefully those rumors. Okay. He's looking. 5 6 7 5 60 pound 5 60. Oh, so guess what I did during the break. I give up. I registered to vote tomorrow on the Democratic primary in the online. It's not it's not like a real primary. Obviously, but it's an online thing. And I registered to vote. What you had to do before your vote. Move on dot org. Okay. Get with it. Move on dot org. And tomorrow when I get the chance of going to vote for Bob Graham, I say proudly. You're going to do it. Me? Yes, you don't. If you. It doesn't make any difference. You don't have to be a registered voter. All right. I'm going. I don't think. Here I go. All they want. Go to move on dot org. And it's just his register for tomorrow's up thing. Okay. It's not an official thing. Jesus. Everything you take so goddamn seriously. Just because you're in illegal alien, you don't want them to trace the over you are and you're getting deported. By the way, here's George's address. This is a tape delay show. 560560. But on 560 on the ATC, I bet you Miguel's going to be voting a Democratic primary for somebody he sure can't win. Here's Boiton V. Chela. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm the Molly. You know, they just proved again that they're a little class organization. Why is it? Well, no, we're the first pages for someone important. Right. Presidential. But to have some guy on a radio station or if that's our show, it's unbelievable. Anyway, if you're born in Rochester, I believe. So I'm curious why you're not Bill fan. I bet you're a person. I'm curious why you're not a fan. There was a bill's fan in the old days. The old AFL, the above low bills. Yes, I was a bill's fan back then. Well, because then I then I wound up in Florida. I was a dolphin fan for a number of years. I mean, your things change things changes you go along. I was I used to go to all the bills games back in the days of a cookie, gold, Kristin Jack camp and the Daryl Lamonticados were great days. Right. Right. That's the George Sames from Michigan State. Go Patriots, baby. That's all I got to tell you. Oh, Pat's go, baby. Oh, that's all because that at time Brady. No, wrong. Free Tom Brady. Thank God. I was a Patriot fan one year before he came along. Thank goodness for that. Or people would have said, oh, just because Tom Brady's hot. Any is even the gulladmits he's hot. Yeah, real hot. He is. But anyway, let me just say this to you. The, uh, I don't want to start creating a problem here, but I just had voted. I gave a number of votes we had. We rocked to our usual, you know, start a little bit less than usual because nobody's in town. But the poll was taken off and look what we have now. Look on your screen, George. Oh, I got to go back from move on. The poll is down. Oh, no, it was up. It was up and now it drooped back down again. Somebody get the Viagra for Eric, okay, up there in Orlando. See, this is unacceptable. Beater boy is in jail or whatever. Now, this story is, and we can't get to God then pull a go. And this show is starting as slow as picking molasses, which is good because basically we'll be honest. Want to kill as much time as possible. Yeah, because it's summertime. No, no, seriously. This is not right. So I just voted for Brian Scurrie again, but I don't know. Well, what's, what's the reason for this? How come we just can't like we usually do put it up there in an ad to it as we go along. Is there any special reason? You just voted for Sarah Jessica Parker again. I saw you. Yep. So there we go. Those are the two votes. We had a bunch of votes on there. And so if you voted before, vote again. Right, to get about it. If and when that is Eric, every decides to get this back up, open up to the public in because it still says the poll is down. This man has more God damn problems up there. Jesus, when you get Bino Boat back in there, what is the reason he's not there right now? Right now. What is the reason he's not there right now? Carly? You could have come in late. Not that we don't love Miguel, but Miguel's not a computer was has to get his car out of impound. You know, what was the story last week? He had to go up to like, uh, Boca Tica or somewhere to get his goddamn car, uh, because they ran out of gas or daddy dead and dried up. They won't get the AC put into his odd cheese. But without it. Air me. How do you survive like that when every, how do you get out of bed in the morning when you know every single thing you do from brushing your teeth to taking a dump, everything you do could could possibly become a major crisis. I don't get it. I would definitely jump off my balcony here and believe me, I get a long way to go. How can you do that? I don't know. Just the most, just the most basic, simple rudiments of life. This kid just he can't cut it. He cannot cut it. God comes into washes car on Friday and all of a sudden he goes, this appeared out of there like crazy a five minute slater and we're all under a window. How do you disappear to? He had another faggot break. Oh, well, there's a valet key wouldn't open up the door and he had to go down and he would open it up for him. He dropped the keys on a floor to dog piss that his leg on and on he better be there tomorrow. I'll tell you that and very soon we better get this internet this website going again. Yes, my big optimal. Yeah, so Miguel's day off tomorrow. Okay. So he won't be there to hold our hand. I think we want to play a bunch of boss with Beener Boy, but you know, be real easy for parents to put the fix on an ex paid period, you know, we real easy. Hey, speaking of Tom Brady. Yeah, put Tara reading that list. Tara read is at his bitch. I mean, really? That's what I read. Now, do you know who that is, George? Sure. And she's hot, but she's got the last. Oh, and I see how about if we put Jail's ass on a rest of her. How would that be? All right. Then we can have a compromise between you and there. Yeah, she'll over. My put her on there. Okay. I don't care. We'll put anybody on it. That is of course if we ever get oh, here we go. It's finally up there. Eric, you're you're just infuriating. You're frustrating and for and don't call. Go call it up. Miguel. Go. Like that. You know, like you always do because he's not impressed by like Carlos C. Don't call him. He don't want to know from you. In fact, if that line rings that he calls on don't answer him, Miguel, there's it'll be Eric. Oh, what do I do? Oh, you allow that crap. Yeah, we're tidy here in that stuff and you're neurosis. Retired of it. We'd rather find out that Beter Boys and Jail on Death Row for killing a whole bunch of illegal aliens out there would make us happier than here and you go, whoa, like that again. You know, it's it's old now. Am I right? That's a movie. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, sixty. Oh, but Neil, you're so much more excited than, uh, I don't think I'm any less hysterical excited now here than I was when I was there last week. Tell you. No, of course not. Oh, I'm just a psychotic because I have to deal with the same radio station, the same bunch of losers, the same misfit. I got Bob Eisenberg give me directions about my life. By the way, nice hairpiece Bob. I want to tell you, this is a true story. Bob Eisenberg, who's that one of our sales holes, a major asshole, by the way, but he was in there this morning and he gave a testimony. I wish we would have taped that for Charles Alfieri. He looked, he looked, I mean, for him. I mean, there's a hand, but it's for a hand. He doesn't look good as compared to like the human race, but for a hand, he looks spectacular. Thanks to Chuck Alfieri and he went on and on and he wore it on the air, I think, but he just was great. It was very nice. It was very nice Bob. Here's perfect. By the way, you know, Eisenberg, he's an asshole. I'm sorry. Yeah, we have a long memory Bob. Okay, you're not fooling me. He was sucking my ass so hard this morning by long distance. Good. Good. 567560 pound, 560 on the AT&T and for right. And at least I will say this, he realizes he's getting like a gift money. Thanks to me, you know, whatever he gets out of these couple of accounts is just a gift. Hey, that's a way, honey. Just take the copy over to Facts Machine from wherever the client is. Facts it up here to me. And that's it. That's the work he's got to do. It's just like stealing. Just like some other people we've gotten to building an owner appreciate that like Todd Dreck. There's a thief. There's people speaking to death rotors. People waiting to get executed all over the country for much less crimes that Todd Dreck commits every day. A man who is stealing from the till. Every time he takes a commission check, this man is stealing. Because you can't complain about the work he does. He doesn't do any. None. Zero. Go, let's think her. But he will come in here and hop on his scale. Oh, I weigh 165 pounds. Woopie do a pure crack. That'd be, you know, that's an interesting pull. I'm thinking about him and Mo. Because you remember I was talking last week about Mo and the fact that somewhere in the midst of that nasty miserable, hateful old rotten body, somewhere in there you find occasionally like a little glimmer of amusement of something that might be redeeming. Not with Todd Dreck. There's nothing there. It's all bad. Here's Port St. Lucy, hello. Hey, Neil. How are you? Yes, sir. How are you doing? Good. First time collar. But listen in here for years. I wanted to talk about that nearly. Uh, for Robo Rivera, but I before that I just want to echo your thoughts on the fanfare draft. That's what they did a heck of a job. Yeah. And they got a couple of tough young forwards there. You know, they get a good defense for now. Solid, uh, you know, player. And maybe they can go this thing back into a playoff. Well, I wouldn't get carried away. I mean, they have a long way to go. They got to get some established veterans. You can't keep doing his young student new organization crap all the time. But I mean, they did a good job, said, ready. Now they got to go out and sign a couple of veteran players who can really contribute and Valerie Burrie is not the answer by the way. They bring him back, which it looks like they will. That's going to be a nightmare. The kid, the guy can't play. He just a stiff. No, they're not going to bring him back. Are they? Yes, that's what they were saying. Oh, no. No. I think you're I think you're fight out by tomorrow. Today, they supposed to be the day they decide they're going to because they have to pay most of his salary anyway so they decided they rather bring him back and play it and just pay him for being someplace else. Oh, my God. Yeah, exactly. All right. Well, what's the deal with, uh, Rivera? I mean, he used to be the one defending voice on the station, the nymphoops, Fox News. Now all of a sudden when I watch him, he likes to all rate in the line with all of the other morons. Who stepped right in the line? He's an asshole. Yeah. We'll see with her all the way. It's not about, uh, it's not about principal anyways. Just about him. He always has to be the centerpiece. That's why he slept over to a rack. That's why he slept to Afghanistan. It's always got to be about him, you know? Yeah, it seemed like after he screwed up over in the Iraqi war there, when he came back, he seemed back with his head between his legs and they swatted him around a little bit. It's Fox and said, if you want to stay here, you better get in line or get out. Absolutely. I think you got a man. Yeah. Thank you. Go Kansas. All right. Go Leafs goal, baby. They have the number 785 picker. I think way way on down there. Tweet all their picks away. Nothing exciting. This is the week that the bill water's goes. Anybody care about the least? No. All can't, sorry. Let's do some hockey talk. Let's do a hockey show. Let's get judgment down on it. You know what? My limo driver. By the way, that's again, can you know, can happen from a nationwide limo? Yeah. Picks me have to go to the airport yesterday. He said, oh, you know, when you were given every nice short plug you gave me the last time. It was like a little dig in there. Can I notice that? See, I'm even. I may be older than the equipment. I mean, I look for a good, which is an understanding, but but I don't miss much when you give me that nice quick plug. You know, so nationwide limo, they're the best. Can the helper and he's a super guy. It's much to be all over the place. Is that long enough for what? Can can help or nationwide limo? But anyway, he was making a point about the jugs McDonald, which I guess one of their limos was picking him up to slap him somewhere like maybe to the old age to a place. And he said to me, how did he ever get that name jigs? And I thought that's an interesting question. I mean, not real interesting, but how would you get in it? Is that a real name? Like a one Irish name? Might a name do that? No. No. Well, where does somebody like maybe somebody looked at him and said, oh, the jigs up, right? I could have been it. Let's get jigs make time for a hockey show. Oh, booze. At least I don't have to buy no dinners anyway. In addition to which jigs don't need no more dinners. 28 past 11 at 560 WQM. The Neil deals keep on rolling out from Tom Limin and Joe Prado and all other good pyzons at Hell at Pontiac GMC. You're going to save a truckload of cash over there. Neil deal number one. Get yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock. Neil the only number two. Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC in Pontiac in stock. Are you current in former military personnel? Get an additional $750 rebate from all your good friends at Hallett and Neil deal number three. Least the new 2004 Grand Prix GT1 for as little as 289 bucks a month. It's a 36 month least talked to our friends at Hallett for details. And right now at Hallett Pontiac, you can test drive any vehicle out of a lot for 24 hours. Take it home, take it to work. Can you imagine being a boy test drive in a car from Hallett? Can you imagine that? No. I don't think so. He's the one. It has a little asterisk on here. It says unacceptable being a boy. Anybody else? It's okay. And of course, there's always Hallett's got a stupid big wide selection of certified pre-owned cars, trustness UVs that you can depend on. And they want to make sure you understand that a lot of guys are very they're terrified to walk out of a car a lot because then they, you know, they check your credit out. And if your credit's got a blemarshan if it's marginal, if it's weak, they wouldn't sell your car for lover money. Not a hell if they want to make you a deal. Hallett Pontiac GMC you'll find a bit of $134,000 one. South Dixie Highway still go on strong for 35 years in the same location on US one right across in the falls. Open every day seven days a week. If you want more info on those Neil Deos, call the Neil Deos hotline, tool free, one, Triple 8, 534445, 11. One Triple 8, 534445, 11, Omega get all Neil Deos, subbed credit approval talk to our buddies in Hallett Pontiac GMC is professional grade. My life and low call. This is for trail by city. My life is for trail by city. From Boku. card theft is on the rocks in America, a car is stolen every 12 seconds. What can you do to protect your car and expensive car alarm system won't protect your car from being stolen the club won't protect the valuables inside your car, but a big black guy named Ben Cam you to wait from the car, For less than you'd pay for an expensive car alarm system and even less than you'd pay for the club You can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile You'd away from the car mother fucker It's simple to use just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out And he does the rest whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them You'd away from the car mother fucker Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben It's always nice to have someone to ride with although he really doesn't say much just You'd away from the car mother fucker That's about it. I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with. It got him to protect my car It's the best investment I've ever made My name is it isn't I create there have been a lot of cars. I can't tell you how many times I've heard It away from the car mother fucker Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben protecting my car. Let's be sleep better I think call now 1-800-1 big guy that's 1-800-1-B-I-G-G-U-I and instead of hearing this You'll hear this You're away from the car mother fucker 266 to Luna 560 WQM happy Monday to here's a affection Dan Oh in April slow. That's his initial you got it Dan Oh got it. He says to that absolutely deserve to be honest. Let's belkeys nerey and Lynn Martinez from deco drive They're not appealing but some of them I know think they're hot. Spilkeys nerey and Lynn Martinez We know how to spell belkeys nerey, which he's got it right. I believe okay I have never ever heard anyone accuse you to one of them being anything but obnoxious and ugly and disgusting And right, bolting and bush league and amateur hour and the grotesque people are not people are never saw them right Also, it's his please play the big black guy name Ben and retaliation to be subbing towards the season I'm an early applicant's maybe given the edge when applying. I just did Dan thank you very much That affirmative and the only good thing you can say about that ruling is if they slap and the push for the bush administration I'll even know what can I say You can't talk a word I can't slap and the push there for a W Man charges sexual abuse and suit against our biases This is one of the fine stories you would have found on our website over the weekend If being a boy hadn't been busy getting in jail for some wreck and driving on license And I'm looking on our website right now Georgia this is going to get you very dismayed You know where we have the bedtime stories right under the Statue of Liberty to freedom thing there right and the new bedtime story star It still says conservatism here today gone tomorrow Now what we did he say he was going to get these new ones up that I thanked him this morning Listen And Nothing Priest worked at boys home 29 years ago from the Sun Sentinel Saturday A lawsuit alleging that a Kindle pre-sexual abuse the unboy under a supervision at boys down has been filed against the arch die cease of Miami All right Attorney Jeffrey Herman filed suit Friday and they might be dead circuit court against the arch die cease and Joseph M. Huck A former priest had voiced under the Kindle area the suit fought on behalf of an unnamed man who was sent to the residential facilities at 12 year old in 74 Alleged is that Huck sexually abused him in that an arch bishop did nothing about it the man is now in his 40s Arch die sees spokeswoman Mary Ross Augusta could not be reached for comment Herman said the priest retired in 2002 court in the lawsuit The alleged victim was sent to live in boys down where he became an altar boy in institutions chapel and altar boy What a shock Reverend Huck routinely took boys out fishing Maybe was checking out their trouser trouts Scroud Enter the movies and one of these trips molested the 12 year old a suit ledges the suit also fems the Reverend Huck's retina boy to keep quiet by telling him I will get you and you will burn in hell The boy later complained to his house parent and John Parade the rective the home for boys and was called a liar and punished When the 12 year old approached other priests for the institution for help included the Reverend Gary Weissman and Reverend glory Who's first name is not mentioned maybe it's a whole comma glory Holy the boy was told to be quite a corner lawsuit the boy also told our special McCarthy about the abuse when the Arch bishop visited one day The McCarthy told the boy had heard the rumor and that the 12 year old should not say such things about a priest the law Oh my god, how do you like that? But of course the Arch bishop he's in failing health now so he doesn't say nothing bad about him should we? Should see it's good that this see they thought that they were going to have that little meeting down there and Dallas or what? And they were going to like hush this thing up and you know give it a look at his mirrors they say you know Come here, Sonny, let me give you a look at his smear But an ankle on a way is it and here's for the proof of it This is from news day views from the pews In an open mic forum that at times turned tens hundreds of long island catlers gathered at Saint John the Baptist High School and West Isle at last night To tell Bishop William Murphy what they thought of him in the sexy abuse scandal in the church I'm ashamed of my church and my bishop said one man whose comments could be heard in the lobby another participant last outside Where is your conscience added a third your style is that of a medieval monarch and has to stop? For two hours Murphy would tell the crowd of about 350 people in brief in a few remarks that he was listening with an open heart open mind and maybe even an open Back home sat on the stage in a high school lot of turmoil with two facilitators and listened intently to the complaints This is not my night to speak. It's my night to listen and learn he said I see your presence here as a sign of deep deep love for the church I love I share oh my god Talk about indenial The total across the 40 participants who light up birthed the mice were allowed four to five minutes each to make their comments and pose their questions all the three spoke about the sex abuse scandal While some of the remarks were withering an underscore to sense of betrayal and anger the general atmosphere remained orderly according to people who attended in spoke later in news day Two people offered faint defenses of Murphy saying he was doing his best under trying circumstances and they appreciate his holding the session he was holding it for them People in the audience said much of that I was spent attacking the bishop arrogant was the word used most often said Dan Mazzola I like his or the lot of St. Rosa Lima person master peak was he left there were been a massive peak. No, don't And it hairy read of the same pair of she's been criticized for essentially a massive peak was okay a lot of a rich bastards are there a rich guy in my thing So there we go. It continues. They thought they were headed over the carpet there. They thought they had an under control and guess what I ain't never gonna go away. Oh, you know who is really blasting on this morning? Who I usually can't stand because he's a real right wing asshole that Jack McCarverty on CNN how about that because evidently Bill the Hummer Not married by the way Bill Hummer was making some comments try to like gloss it over little and McCarverty just last at him and just went nuts When it went up right there on CNN you go about about time somebody on her said something okay here. Let's get back to the poll. Okay. Let's get to show all the way. Hepka the first two hours very nicely. Thank you Neil When that good great almost noon already like nothing here's a little lesson for Miguel how you killed two hours. Okay, would not even break in a sweat And we even said hello yet today. I don't think so Babel and ramble and who gives a crap. Exactly. Absolutely. So here's the poll so far which overrated supposedly hot chick is actually the biggest dog Okay, 107 votes it'd be a lot more than that but Eric He's busy. He's got issues And in the course of the 46 Speaking of Pork oh She's lump in your rug girl. Surgesic a Parker 32 jail. Oh 10 or so far. So two two dog race Mariah Carey's only got nine that is scary Gloria Steph on eight Jackie Johnson to an over to anybody else Maria Bartirromo Terraride I don't think Terraride's been getting both. Bill keys to Ray and Lynn Martinez Why would a guy like Tom Brady be going with a dog? Right Thank you. Cute and hot. Yeah, I'm a shit See you're just saying that because you're you're near because you're sucking up with the dolphins. That's the only reason you're doing that Yeah, that's why that's the reason why you're coming because you're in a promotional thing You want to suck up the dolphins you're afraid the Tom Brady if he was going with some hot babe There's a OG Tom Brady never only see look good That only when the Super Bowl two seasons ago, but also he's got this hot chick that he's banging the brains out of now you don't want to say that Go Season before last Okay, wasn't Or did they wouldn't begin this past you? I don't think so I thought Tampa went a Super Bowl last year So what do you what was that? Oh, he's trying to throw how he's trying to divert my attention doesn't work. I may be old and feebral, okay, but it don't work Miguel St. Trick that can the limo drivers using about that little comment about that shit a little on a quick plug in me Man, who the hell are you people kidnying sharp as a tack on a good news? Is you know that weight that I law gained while I was there? Yeah, I'm sorry to gone It is good because I ate almost nothing yesterday and of course, you know a lot of it is water bloat from sitting on your ass All right, but it's all gone very good and it is good. Thank you. Thank goodness for that. Thank you Good. I think I'm gonna go out and get some bacon. I'm thinking about lunch right now Got some bacon over here. You ever saw that movie pin The animerotic psychotic young guy and his sister. She's she's pretty good by the way. What the hell's the actors that plays her? She's pretty hot. I said she's pretty hot. She's not bad looking at all And he there was he's a matter of fact, but he was tuned to rotting for anybody But anyway, he says one of your thoughts on the dessert. Why are how did he phrase it was one of the most strange lines? But I can talk movies again. The audience gets very upset about that. We talking movies. No In fact, didn't watch any over the weekend just so we didn't have it to talk about any Doff did see recommend for a dream again. He said it was great, but the directors cut was no different than a one-y saw originally So he's probably a little bit disappointed, but it is worth seeing two three four times when you say at least I've seen it like six seven now you have it. Seriously really really well That's because you're more into drugs than I am. Okay, which is the understatement of the century Is there a good bar? A.K.A. Carlos Sanchez being a boy Hop another one Carlos, that's it. Oh yeah, back them Got a question for you right now. You know that end job is Collins to a Spencer that takes two damn long If you can afford only ten bucks a month and commit yourself to three nights a week for four months Our good close personal friends at fast drinking WC vanilla high-pane computer career Get out of your dead end and start making some big bucks Let's write on his head bucks a month on three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify if you want the information on this And you probably want to call fast train right now. There's no obligation call one 866 fast train and because they have four locations all over town is about to be one year by you We'd be glad to give you the addresses, but of course Todd director wanted to give us that information How fast train cool free in one eight six six fast train talked to a train clear council of Elf and what it's all about Fast train offers day evening of weekend schedules job placement hands on training call fast train today Be sure to tell the Todd director to make that call at one eight six six fast train Patrons defer payments ballad for a year regular payments apply thereafter So what do your high school student on summer break somebody an underpaid dead end job working for peanuts for some real smuck We're just looking when crease your net worth Half-astrain and change your life for real call one eight six fast train or check them out of that wicked road wide web at fast train dot Michaelizer two rain visor it don't get two rings the answer what are you doing over there? I'm sorry, so I just couldn't reach the phone. Oh, I could reach the world one way nice. We've been over this I'm sorry get on the ball over there. Okay, oh, hangover out with your mighty dick Who's her not hockey kids? Oh, the entire mighty ducks. Oh, what a successful story That whatever cell it cell it well that team a terrible so they're in the Stanley Cup finals What does that mean? Well, they're in the championship of the nation. I say that I'm not in the sport anyway What a poor mouse I get about the ducks. It's a stupid name anyway. Who came up with it? Well, I did so we remember we had that I mean terrible and I see you hanging out with that straight brim on your hat You look like a woman It's the Charlie she no no that was a million as to that the star I mean it's the same kid terrible the mighty ducks here I mean they're really are entertaining it's great family now you care about the dick What thing on a minute? Yes, sir Oh my god What the hell is wrong with your ribbers? I feel well, Bob You're almost white yeah, I'm pale boss Has some bad Chinese some bad Chinese Yeah, matter downtown boss. Link things a panda We have a boss. I got to go on get away from me. You think like a brewery My good god Oh come on Yes, sir. Well things are going very well over here. You know we have the mighty ducks in the Stanley Cup finals Babel so I'm and we also have the finding email will be what you're doing very Wait, let me ask you a question. Yes. Why do I have a check for four million dollars on my desk and the thing made 70 million what kind of deal do we have with XR? Well, we sort of Did you do it I think I'll put myself up Your poop yourself We bet Get out of the office. Where you my My Oh In here I Yes, sir. I can't have to be I I am And it is my Okay, well, sir, would you like tickets for the mighty ducks? I told you to sell the decks Ducks came to the name of that thing anyway What change in name though? We gotta keep it make it done the meces What are meces? Meces what is one boss? That just might Are you corrected me? No, no, sir. I'm gonna hate it. Stay okay. You won't fold 10 to the limit five 60 WKM. We got the mad dog coming along to a clock. Hank it's Julus for the seven to staff for now Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Pretty good. Did you watch me the press yesterday? No, I did not Howard Dean was on and Tim Russell sliced and diced him really he has no shot of winning this I've seen all the democratic candidates and there's only one that can be judged of you push and The answer is general Wesley Clark. Yeah, but he's yeah, he's just sniffing around and I saw the piece on him yesterday Well, he may be sniffing around there's a website called draft Wesley Clark dot com yeah, and he's posted an ounce within the next two months whether he'll run But you know something I did see that piece yesterday about him and I watched they showed a couple of clips from his speeches and boy He's he's that much of a speaker either. He's about his dynamic as a dead frog. You know well I don't know what you watch, but he's been on me depressed and he was very informative and But I'm just talking about as a speaker. He just isn't I guess I don't like him and of course being a general or you know, remember Eisenhower and all of that crap I mean America goes for that kind of stuff. He might be the one guy that could win, but he's Dynamic well, he's got an excellent biography in addition to being a general support He's a road scholar. Yeah, he finished number one Russell is Bill Bradley was a road scholar too now look how dynamic he was you know he couldn't have been a fist election Right, but this guy was a general. He was the supreme ally commander of name He was graduate number one at West Point. I think you're wrong when you say he's the only one Could be to my think Bob Graham could be to but I just don't think he wouldn't have an nation Bob Graham is frail He's not gonna win Iowa. He's not gonna win New Hampshire. He's not gonna win South Carolina Yes, I'll be out of the race by then. I don't think he can win and then I just say then I said I don't think he wouldn't have an nomination But I think if he ever could get to that point he could win the election Well, I think I think Bush is very beatable Well, I just agree I think Bush is gonna win in a landslide and let's the Democrats nominate General Westley Clark You let hate laugh all you want Wait, they stopped well, what is it that sets him apart so heads and shoulders of all the other candidates? What is it? He's articulate he's telegenic He's not articulate Oh, wait, Neil have you seen him on me depressed? Sir, let me ask you something. Why do you keep referring to me depressed? I've I didn't see yesterday because I was on rude I was on an airplane okay. It's hard to watch and a plane I do watch me depressed and how he speaks on me depressed Why was he so much more dynamic there with the eclipse that I saw of him making speeches over the weekend? Meet the press is the most important political show That's not the point the point is the public doesn't know we can't see their voter support a candidate because I have They look on me depressed most people in this country don't watch me to press They wouldn't know what time it's out of where to how to find it have a nice day sir. Why am I arguing with this guy meet the press? Did you see him on eat depressed meet the pet had to be that had to be a paint your balls by call had to be I pray that it was there had to be a quack So let me ask you yeah, did you see Eat the press Let's see here's one it says I watched recommend for dreams the second time over the weekend because there was a lot of them is the first time Could you tell me what happened the first time Harry tried to get his arm looked at the hospital when they arrested? Yeah, yeah, they were arrested a good good guess That's how they got from the hospital to with the slamer. That's how they got there. They were arrested That's how they big share steppity that big a view for the pusher guy Also regarding voting on your pulse. I have bell-sought the SLI can but I don't vote as many times I want by way. I want you know that yeah Don't be given people away. Yeah, we have enough chronic stuff. They're already So it's not scientific it's just for fun. Okay. Don't be so uptight your fact starts out very good I'm glad you like the movie and Harry went to the hospital along with the Damon Wands and he missed the way in and they canceled the fight 5 670 5 60 it's a great movie and I did thought you know, it's not worth it But this guy he's peddling me. You know, he's peddling me. I like Bob Graham better than I like co-wrestling Clark Yeah, but I know In addition to which it's only June of 2003. There's a long way to go. It doesn't get serious till the beginning And exterior you got months to go here. Okay, now if you saw Bob Graham I meet the press See but you didn't Now I did not because he was not it was interwoously Clark. I saw in fact I was hoping I watched the piece I'm trying to make it was that must have been yesterday morning before I left and there was an extensive piece about a couple of appearances He made over the weekend and about how he was you know the media was like all following him and all excited about it And he kept playing cool. You know like oh well, why are you here all I did was come here to well, you know to the wife my ass And they showed him making a couple of speeches. He was about his dynamic as a frog's fart. Okay That doesn't mean he couldn't be a great person. It couldn't be a win election But I'm just telling you this business. He's articulate. He was great on me to press you don't have to be great I mean to press you have to be great when you get up there making a speech and the public is watching another god They made news. That's when I mean you get up there in debate against the god damn compulsive liar That's when he had to be great. I thought he was pretty mealy mouth In addition to which he was just spouting a bunch of glittering generalities about nothing in particular And these two speeches he was made insane anything as opposed to Bob Graham who dissects Bush and talks about the god Then the real threat with his balonist country and about how they kept all this information from the guy Them said it until then's good, but I mean upon Graham or our grant you maybe he can't win But he's been dynamite. That's our goddamn senator. He's been actually he's been one of a few people to the god damn congress with a pair of balls He's been one of the few Democrats that there's to say anything All the other ones are like sticking their goddamn finger rock to window to see which way to web Well, when is blowing which way to poles or blow because they're afraid he might the shoot themselves in the goddamn foot Including condational as a real piece of crap a real mealy mouth and Nancy Pelosi the same thing. Okay Bob Graham's got a pair Right, right love them. I'm not gonna apologize because I like Bob Graham and this guy's gonna be way He's the only one like he knows it. He knows it. You know, get your own talk show pal Everything he says is a fact like more Howard David at same thing in fact Maybe you and Mocha do the goddamn show. Gelldy wants out. Speaking of the take-gelldy spots. Speaking of that Yes, I had forgotten in all of the other other other upwards going on in the issue Which are website still got the same old copy stories. Yes, supposedly someone is denying Vientley ever making that phone call to Joe Rose Yeah, yeah, I don't believe it Is this the same is this the same person who vehemently denied that he got the beast kicked off his show And Carol in the same thing. I mean look, let's face it Mo you you know your Your credibility on scale is zero is minus infinity. Absolutely. Yeah, you they had no credibility Every time he gets caught with his guy damn mouth down with a big fat mouth Debitionist went out and try to pull crappy on his seems always in vehement at all Just like when he first came to town to business with Bill's infirmer that shirt and Zimfer us said that he Resented the fact that Mo was after his job to do the dolphin play by play. I reasoned bitterly It's an attack on my credibility by by always the same bull crap. Okay the same Pensive, a getting horse crap. Oh everybody in a world can smell it on that's from moities Oh geez, let's confess it was Boca Brian doing his voice making those call that must have been a Boca Brian here's Boca Brian from Boca Yeah, or maybe it was our from Boca. Yeah, maybe that's what we know who to hell was denying Vientley Because he got caught with his pants down there. That's the way it is Mo Got caught with his goddamn checkered pants down 157 three till noon at QA and boy these two hours went flying by and we haven't even sat down He just got to show you that that's where I like it and In the cool Smith and I run away see I would have voted for her but I can't believe it But he thinks she's hot. Oh not not I mean she's disgusting she was in playboard We know way back when before she'd oh behold in size oh so that's like yeah Although someone just backs day a reminder Yes, makes me want to change my vote Of Pamela Anderson. Oh, yeah, you're favorite. Yeah, I saw her on TV over the weekend somewhere I saw her on the tube over the weekend. She's so Jessica In fact, she was spreading all kinds of sexually transmitted diseases all over my screen right you know some her time in South Florida guarantees three things count him Heat humidity in hurricanes. You know you can't control the weather But you can control how you protect your home during hurricane season the hurricane shudder and window Provides the best hurricane protection with one call to the hurricane shutter window shop. There'll be it's your home the next day With the quote for hurricane shutters windows and doors customize the engineers specifically for your home from panels the courty and zroll up shutters Impact resisted windows and door the hurricane shutter window shop will not be at a sold They'll beat any written legitimate quote because you're buying direct from the manufacturer and wholesaler when you do business with these folks Call the hurricane shutter window shop toll free 1-800-538-01-91 They also offer cash and care for all you do yourself handyman out there So if you're really serious about hurricane protecting customized engineers specifically for your home call the hurricane shutter and windows shop at 1-800-538-01-91 the number again is 1-800-538-01-91 and be sure and tell them that crusty ancient needle told you to call Like I said be sure and tell them The rain is on your You Where it be did well the water or on wq air ladies and gentlemen Like it offer only one tip for the future Act strange and people will leave you alone The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable to my own me and the rean experience Put a slinky round your neck and try to walk down stairs backwards head first Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crisps and sing feelings while the kernels go sniff crackling up Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head through the hole where they say how much Rick stranger Tell them you're from Bosnia and your country to sign a respect of salute Take lots of pills one of them might work Occasionally as the stranger they've heard anything from Lewis The annoying During an IRS audit staple the guy's hand who is desk Moon a funeral Play go fetch with a scene eye dog while he's working Run naked through a mall yelling kill or bees kill or bees Say the word titty without smile Try to figure out who said polyshore should star in movies Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it This appears for great lengths of time Try to touch your forehead with your tongue It may not work but many women will appreciate the effort At a high school reunion tell your old English teacher that your dog still eating your homework Ask mark my guire he'll take a million dollars for one of his balls Try to find the secret to keratop success Understand your conception was an accident that your parents got wasted and wanted a few more last before they Passed out Try not to lose your finger in your nose Pick up about costess and toss them on a lawn next door go on a car trip with about costess and force of disdainers car seat Try to dribble about costs Er Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness Knowing you you've done some crat that's really estimard Wish no real will to anyone and let you don't like them then school their on their own Realize anyone who says that completely happy are completely full of crap Ask a hell's angel if he's a woman or has he always walk like that Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them sniff and old lady Imagine go repile and a gay bar trying to get lucky Do this without laughing Find what's left of your innocence Understand it embraces Protected and it is so often take it out for a nice knife Caron of not the care Home while you eat That strange and people will eat you alone all right 155 at five six to you WCM and by the way mo take off those check-in pants. He's in denial again. That's that's a hoot. That's just Oh, and let me just tell you one thing green and break you know what the final came into mind a little slow You know the pump that was calling about me depressed Yeah, that pump is the same when it was called last election. I forget I don't remember what the topic was what was the same thing And we'll call every day would a same oh and you've got to think this and you've got to support you remember that of course I don't think it's all the time when it's a political thing. Oh my god And not only does he call but he gives instructions as to what we're all supposed to think and what we must do and who we must support Blow it out your ash moko. Okay, don't call it again What at garbage you be on for about a second and a half get lost He's he's almost as potters is that the sparks are for Miami to cause online I knew we'd including today right out of the box him and the retire guide. Oh, it's too good Maybe they can get the pad to get the somewhere yeah, maybe they can move it in Here's our poll question that a which overrated supposedly hot chick is actually the biggest dog 255 ohs which is astonishing because we have all kinds of issues with our website this week so far Off to kind of a rocky start and in a close myth 100 nice even number 100 for that bitch Serica Jessica Parker 75 you're not doing bad. What? Serica Jessica I'm saying that I'm purpose. I don't like it better that way She's you think I'm like totally retarded Serica Jessica park parker parker parker parker parker in her The glorious Doria step on 23 jane low 20 moris Gary's got 13 should have more than that Don't spooky's the raise god nine Maria Bartiromo five why hate that bitch Jackie Johnson will definitely but she's got foo Holly overrated Jackie you do a nice weathercast, but uh you're not in a no big deal believe me trust me when I tell you The impact the same guys the same guys that ugl over Maria Bartiromo that's bad. That's a little bit of a shot. Well, but it's the same concept, you know See there's a certain group of people out there Both head of a sexual and homosexual and that is the person has the right body parts that they're attracted to It doesn't make any difference anything else is not relevant. You know and in other words, it's like she's got a vagina and the least one breast and Maybe an ass like them and that's he's hot, you know, she's hot you know that crowd like the beast I would say clearance, but in his case I think indifference would be his vote We don't we oughta bring in like a team real bad reassert column is just try to get to the bottom of that because they're like a test Yeah, if yeah, I think I think that's that's the test where what you do is you take clearance and you sit him start naked in a chair You time up time to the chair and they put that that those things they tie like the sex offenders They put the the the troads the electro the exact way they put the electro that is penis and then they show them a naked picture of Tom Brady They show them a naked picture of Britney Spears and then they show them a naked picture of Tom Brady And we see what happens okay and just kind of like spontaneously automatically Scourge where what happens with clearance? So work on that one way okay Can I get back to my polries out here? Jackie Johnson for limartina's three who in the hell is limartina's put them on that's right She's the other one which Philkeys the rayon at awful show that awful that show is the epitome What's wrong with channel 7 oh it's bigger than channel 7 you see was coming back to do a talk show on channel Say no Ricky yeah, Ricky Tiki That was another puff piece by jick and that would have been on our website over the weekend I had that story in there, but unfortunately our website had a little bit of a problem named Carlos Terrarides got a pair Yes, she does I lovely pair according to Tom Brady See I've seen the pictures I just it doesn't mean about this moment, but I see an American pie Yes, she was the blue eyed blonde girl who I what's wrong with her now? I know who you're talking about she's cute. She is cute. I got this for a Tom Brady wouldn't be He wouldn't be bone in some nasty piece of crap. Oh, yeah, that's in a gulf thing That's the dolphins and just he jealous that's not the one that was going up with Chris Klein, but the other one Whatever happened to Chris Klein, but what he vanished. I still do it stuff again Is he I don't see him no mole and Pamela Anderson just wanted there were only moments ago George was following at the wild and which is yet a chance to change his vote So we can vote about 10 times for that bitch that disease-infested bitch Pamela Anderson's got a pair. I'm keen. They're not real, but she's got a pair 266 votes. That's not too bad considering all the grief we've had with us to website today Now, what's you the same Miguel's got today off tomorrow and I guarantee a high paid guy like him is not going to be coming into tomorrow on his day off to like Try to fill the breach right he doesn't for this deadbeat that we got now If you ask me to welcome it and the end don't say that. Oh, it'll be such a pussy Jesus I'll be a pussy. He's a trooper Wait wait don't want a trooper run a guy that says hey, I can't do that this guy supposed to show up for his job Lastly, we wish I was happy with some other bullshit story about he had to go up there just that he had to go pick him up and take up the Boka and pick up his new car with the air conditioning on the other stories no more stories no more excuses Jesus Christ of a hundred years old even I show up with a guy damn day for this crap because I like the paycheck Okay, first in his case, maybe they just won't be no more pictures. Well, you know, probably not not not for Wana It look how far you have to commute That's right all the way from my guy damn bedroom in here about the six feet What I'd trip that is after drag my ass out of bed? Good, I mentioned by the way how much we like 10 to two oh yeah, whoa how this how this is given me my life back After they took it away they stole it away you bastard you heartless bastard you 560560 we'll take some more calls. I'm just random. They don't know why I like it a lot Why do you like the bedtime stories to look how that went over? The fact that you like it is not a very good Litton you probably like a screw. I meet the screw the press too Eat the press eat the press that that guy's a hoot. He's just he just calls and pontificates keeps repeating the same thing over and over again The the hook this time was meet the press. He was very articulate he's funk kind of speeches, but he was great on me to press By the way, if there's one guy that makes me my skin crawled its Tim Russell. Oh, he is just oh He is brutal in fact him Russell's a guy that helped get you a bush back in again in Florida You do know that don't you yes He sliced up bill McBride he made the all kinds of you know allusions to a tax cut that what a tax increase That wasn't really come he just he just screwed up the whole election and by the way you folks And floor a DA with your crappy education system and when a governor that's trying to do a tap dance Still about the goddamn amendment the classism I mean you've got exactly what you deserve a real piece of crap man a real piece of turd A bush by any other name would just think the same What about I was told you them were the more devious and dangerous and line and full of crap They are whether was well Martin is whether was who's the guy in proud of the in sunrise a John Lamello right they like it they like crooks They like gangsters they like liars they just like Mayor Pinga Picanita there's another one for you Like I said I wonder who's Schmerin hoof? Follows the new joint the Burger King and the pizza or how to express it the airport Twelve minutes pat all the way do like pizza to express Don't you this clothes when I was there yesterday I like pizza What did I call it pizza? I'd express yeah, that's what it is. Oh, you just don't like their pizza right Come on I'm talking about like if you're in a place like that. I'm not saying I'm would order from there I see and especially when we're doing the pizza loss fun next There would probably be a bad idea. I've got the copy in my hand right now and you're talking about pizza Did I just say pizza blows yeah pizza pizza hot is industrial strength as a matter of fact They they will it out of a conveyor belt. It's got a flavor I just can't No, but the flavor is in the dough and then right it's who that conveyor blow so it's it's it taste all the same It's got that but thing that thing in it Whereas a pizza law they they whip it in the air they even go in and see Jeff whipping it around and then the crush to the dough You're receiving air within it around all the time Jeff is the master when it comes to great Italian cuisine and the pizza law Is going stronger than ever over there in Davian out in plantation with two great broad locations Every Monday like tonight. It's lasagna night at the loft every Tuesday's eggplant night on these nights you buy one of these dinners and get the second dinner for only five bucks Every Wednesday kids eat free with adults and they can see just famous magic show and Thursday is black night at the pizza law Come on a motorcycle score score it by one dinner get the second one for half price and they got combination It is waiting for you to if it's your introduction to the pizza law if you and again haven't been there before Get one of these combo dinners because you can try a little bit of this and a little that they got chicken dishes and feel and seafood Three different kinds of great pizza calzones all your pasta favorites super subs and a best garlic rolls in history You'll never break the back of pizza law because the portions are gigantic and the prices are teeny and tiny On university drop it to grieve in five 95. That's the Davian location for take out delivery or catering call nine five four nine one six 88 80 nine five four nine one six 88 80 and don't forget to want to plantations easy to forget because you can't see it from the road But it's worth the zip and in there because the food is just as great the prices just as low and the service as friendly would have a small on their Post that's an account of knob hill and summarize right behind Walgreens call nine five four three eight two 19 nine for a real treat anytime lunch dinner late night snacks. You're gonna love the world famous pizza law Yeah For real star hey, how you doing? What it would be in this x-rated film guys Girls about Are those breast real or fake? Oh you want to have sex with Peter North or Ron Jeremy first Both we need a thousand dollars or $2,000 per scene both you want cheese or meat on your pizza Both I am a meat lover. I'm a mood for a hot slice of five myself Cuz even floods eat pizza 12 17 at five 60 get over there the pizza loft and watch Jeff whip it in the window You know the reason there was that glitch here at the beginning of that bit. Yeah, you're probably wondering I was listening to something now have you ever listened to something to book a Brian bid in the DCS called pizza loft a hoist Yes Yes, and what is it? Does you sound like the magic of the universe like that my finals tomorrow and I just know I'm gonna find it Which would be disaster cuz then I'll get second No, let me let me find out wait a minute magic of the universe My fine My god and then he from oh Another in other words. I don't what is that a stringy stuff on air at the beginning? Whoever put this in here there's like The magic of yours it's why it's wrong. It's wrong. It's what it is. Oh, it's wrong No kidding You mean with the missing eight second gap. It's wrong. Thank you very much George. I had a feeling it might be wrong absolutely Yeah, yeah, whoever put that in their suit up. Oh Well, at least we know it wasn't be no boy No, let me take a look since we're talking about be no boy. Let me take a look on our famous website near Rogers dot com and let me click on We're says today's featured stories, okay In underneath where we got the L president they do an as usual tap dance and we got the cartoons and the gross pictures of all those Mean that wounded children in Iraq and the Estatular Liberty conservatism here today and gone tomorrow How do you like that We got the same lane story in fact pretty soon the audience to be able to be sight these by heart like it's some kind of an exam Follow what I'm saying meet the press. That's where the that's where these stories are from Here's the call from Lake Worth hello Yes, sir, hey, are you doing great a listen a couple things. I went to pizza law class week at a great time For lunch 499 three slices on a coke man can't beat that okay very good Second thing is that tomorrow on Sundance to showing happiness at 11 p.m. Great and Just want to know if there are any eggs out there that I would need to be looking for during that movie What does that mean? No, just like any particular scenes that are good or anything the thing the end of it Don't miss the ending. Well, I'm just telling you this is you know a lot of movies have a bad ending. This one has a great ending. Okay Okay, well, I just wanted to inform that I know a lot of listeners probably want to catch that movie So if you've got cable and you get back to their finish would meet the press they can catch your happiness Thanks, Pally take everybody see when he said there any eggs there to watch for you see what I'm saying he's like If I don't say no don't don't start using that as spread most people I talk to even like people that seem to be fairly computer-livered They don't know what that is E eggs calm got it Easter eggs E eggs calm I'm sure it doesn't list all of the Easter eggs on all the CDs and VVDs and VVDs, but it's got a whole bunch Although you didn't like the ending of the movie you said it could go on a lot more until it finished But you always you say that about every movie no it's not a satisfactory to you. You said the same damn thing about Magnolia which by the way Muff saw Magnolia and even he liked it Yeah, well Well, what now, oh brother, what does that mean? Well, well, what can I just do with you? That's not the point you there was something you were gonna say there that's what I was gonna say No, wasn't see you you're getting like mone now. You do see you do some crap and then you back away from it like last week Try to drag poor clearance out of the closet What up what are below that would be to the reputation of a sports station To have a program director who turned out to be a fact that that would be bad You know what I'm saying never heard such a thing is Unacceptable to the macho sports audience see and they would be credibility of WQM would go right in the toilet So I'll be spreading crap like that it would be very detrimental to the mental health of QAM 200 and our 324 votes We're making a little bit of progress here now that Eric finally got his fat act together Speaking of that and a cool Smith 122 saragesica parker 94 or saragagesica parker right glory as Stefan Oh, look at that's only a two-hospice race a two-dog race Gloria Stephons only got 26 J.O. 23 and spotted the protest stations of well, of course, you know Cubans they like big ass Yeah, it goes the girls have to wrap that into that and let me see again I guarantee that this woman has never seen at least not in person a real penis I would bet your life on it. How do you like that? How about a fake one? Maybe maybe a stump penis That's possible like the one that Ben Affleck Scott Mariah Carey 18 She's the race 17 Pan Anderson's moving up the list George you should be pleased. He's that seven Maria Bartaromo five. Oh, I'm not way to identify sir But I can't say in the way she says her Maria Bartaromo. Oh, I can't stand that bitch. Oh, Maria. You look so lovely today Let me see if for the eight minute time the people at publics only wish they had bags that big to put your groceries in Jackie's Johnson's title with Maria five that's bad Jackie's a hot- I'll have a lot better looking in Maria Bartaromo. That's bad. Flynn Martinez for from the Spirky's the ratio and terrorized in last place with three See Miguel we told you you're just jealous. He doesn't like her because she has no ass whatsoever So what does that got to do with anything a lot depending on who you're talking to? Oh, that's right. He's got jail. Oh, well, maybe you could shave about half a jail. Oh, it's ass off and like slap that baby right on Well on terrors ass. Hey, there's enough for four enough for a family of six 567. Oh 560 pound 560. I got a good Jimmy Brissland article. I'm gonna read. I don't want to read. I got a couple more here. Huh? Who's that? That's what Miguel's probably asking where is he living Cuba? Good guy, but so one oh and here look at this meet the press isn't for anybody who they'd you 85. Oh, this is a good facts Is he what it says on a bottom? Huh? Juice join us in creating excellence Oh, right. Okay. If they didn't see the movie they don't want that man and if they didn't see the movie We don't care right if you haven't seen rectum for dream by now. We we can't help you. That's all I can tell you we can't help you It says meet the presses and for anybody in the age of 85 Absolutely Tim Russo is a complete horror and moron with absolutely no integrity who cares what he does I'm voting for Grammys the only one who've got such a says. I've never donated money for political costs But I sent a her bucks to his campaign and I'm very proud of him. He should at least get device presidential nomination I'm tear-to-voting for these safe choice from now on. I vote my conscious. Thank you very much. We got a winner Let's see here's a facts tomorrow's polls should be people who need to get over themselves Rich Sanchez Bruce Willis Tom Schmidt And then this is my boss Then this is from Simone. Oh, uh, what a here's one that says what's the big deal with whether girl Jackie Johnson She's another blonde chick with fake boobs If George wants to take a look at her real whether woman check out Jackie Garrito the weather girl on Univision in the morning Jackie Garrito seen her big ugly nose It says she's got fake boobs, but thick thighs and a great ass to match Back to me. I'll be checking that out if I'm a star to see that great body big hunker of an ugly Truly wonderfully built his spannic body Saturday, say her name again Her name is Jackie Garrito Ask a lawsuit Friday and I pick your pardon He's writing it down Jackie Garrito Ask the low-swab horses is Cuban pps that we found any mass distortion weapon No, no, I love it the nice deception it. We're still looking. We'll plant them I mean we'll find some sooner later when he gets really heavy duty. They won't put some crap in her. Oh look what we found But it does say made in the USA on well 567560 pound five 60 on the AT&T Verizon wireless line here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello Neil God. Yes, sir, speaking Hey For you were a what was it on the Joe Rose show this last Saturday about the mo call the fact that Apparently mo call management and had them interrogate the two producers to find that Joe was lying or not lying Yeah, I guess I'm going to make sure that you knew about that. Well, what does that mean? Well, in other words, what happened is is this last Saturday on the air big hard on yeah, exactly yeah Joe mentioned that that So basically there's Joe stand by the story that it was him who made the call? No, absolutely Actually and a fact even On the air even has state pagan whether or not Moment actually made the call and of course, you know, state pagan being the whimp that he is Kind of equivocated and basically said well it was someone who started like him But no, it was very clear that Joe was standing by the story good for you And he always liked that Joe Rose man Hey, I mean, what other thing about about Westy Clark you know he really does have a A very impressive resume and everything but you know it's just way too premature to say that You should be somehow unwanted at the candidate Well as I asked the guy specifically based on what now he did was give me a bunch of bullcraft about how he's articulate Which he is not and he was great on me to press him and if that's all he's got going for him save the time Right and and and and and it has actually No domestic record whatsoever. No. I will say this did you ever get a chance to read David Halberd's dance book war in the time of peace no I really hardly recommended and in the last quarter of that book it really Spend a lot of time talking about cost of all you know the The battle and mention ninety nine Yeah, and and that really is Clark's a story actually and it really just revealed a lot of the pluses and And frankly a lot of the minuses of his personality if anyone's really considering You know I think he's very weak. I think he's very weak. I think he went to read because I was watching I was watching those tips this week and on the news and I was sitting there was like rooting for him like you know Come on and say something and be a little bit forceful and really and he was there Just he didn't say anything. I'll tell you what I think it would be his grand Clark Okay, all right. Thank you sounds good to me Five six seven. Oh fine. What did Joe say about Mo you can kiss my rear end okay Some of it's he stands by the story and Dave Hagen. I mean he may be waffle and wool, but but he would know see if was some punk That would you know work there about five minutes Dave Hagen would know was Mo right right and I just got the story from him They got a stir from Dave saying what they made him an offer he couldn't refuse Really really well I'll be damn So in other words the pressure was on and they're trying to like back track it is because Well, what difference is it make it this point? Mo? I mean you're you're done anyway You're done you've you've cooked your own goose everybody to build a heads you like poison Too late 29 past noon at five sixty wqm hurricane season is here before storm hits you you always put up Shedters to protect the windows doors of your home like everybody else but what about the roof of your house The so-may paint factory makes roof master gets a roof coating that can help you hurricaneproof your roof So-may is roof master saves hundreds of roofs as it did during hurricane Andrew while I'm protected roofs We're peeling off and flying away So may also as waterproof coatings for every kind of roof under the sun call the so-may paint factory at 305 633 6333 the so-may paint factories the oldest quality paint waterproof coating manufacturer the entire state of Florida so-may will save you money because they eliminate the middle man markups They sell to everybody wholesale prices that are 60% lower than what you pay for national brands that we tail stores So protect your home and property from southland is tough brutal Tropical climate with the best paints and waterproof coatings at the best prices call the so-may paint factory at 305 633 6333 or Final on a web at so-may.com you save yourself a crap load of money when you buy directly me so-may SLMA why so-may paint factory Be sure and tell me old Neo-Torny to call it's 305 633 6333 Just keeps getting bigger Look, I'm back to the highly rated it. Oh, how it enabled it to show Holding for my herbs java gays stupid worry. You with doing this So what you were doing that for me. Oh, yeah, sorry, but I didn't see you can pay that A run day Can I you Cudon Run day Get speed That's that's it that I might want you poke Dang A run day He's a pretty Wow A comfortable grip sorry mo we got one of our three very important coolers on the line here We do a M. What do you want to do you Yeah, more And come on spin it out What's Oh I think you say and what do you do I'm playing with my very coconut mo head down. Oh, that's quite a bit spin-pil Why are you sometimes you're out Oh, yeah, yeah You're going to be Oh I'm going to be told Almost there Oh I Help I Just Oh Oh Oh Look at that I got it all over my way 26 to one here's an update on strawberry had last week face with a rush of pilgrims A Massachusetts hospital said it would cover a shimmer image of the virgin Mary in the window of an office building for most of the day to avoid further disruption Last ones did not hospital staffer lower day weighted tarp from the roof Over the window where believers say the mother of Jesus Christ gases down on them The image was first seen last week We asked people to visit the window only between five through an eight through an evening so the crowds wanted to figure when a last week in the image was first discovered roughly 25,000 people visited the hospital 10 miles south of Boston and hospital staffers expected another flood of visitors this week The virgin Mary she used to be on the bank building in uh, where was it? Tampa Clearwater in Clearwater that's it And then she wound up in Atlanta or somewhere in some little bump fork place in Georgia On some thin building window of some building and now she's hanging out near Boston on a hospital building the virgin Mary She sure gets around oh she's That's funny. What yes? I Interviewed some people and kind of recreated what happened in the other You interviewed some people. That's right. Yes, or Howard insisted that they find out which producers were responsible for spreading those lies Yes, I was as Dave Hagen to come into his office and ask them if that if he was absolutely sure if that was Howard who I Wait a minute and I know because Dave Hagen he don't be around a bush. It was a one word answer Absolutely yeah Yeah, it was and then Clarence said all right just to be sure I want to ask you one more time. Are you absolutely sure that that was Howard who called? Absolutely Oh, I see and David said So in other words, there's the real story and then there's the convenient to us who with over old most story And like there always is we have to pacify the old fart with the truth about how he's a Cremuch and out of control and can't stop interfering in being an asshole and then there's the Politically correct story that like to smooth it over And I'm gonna tell you one thing about both tough and about the Clarence he may be gay What are they're all Both of them are real posses okay? Not that that's a bullet no, okay, but they're real posses And like a real place of business they wouldn't be interrogating all the underlings because by now how long does it take Before you finally catch on follow him saying no, what do you say? I'm saying that even the slowest of the slow the dumbest of the dumb And the most retarder of the return would buy this point finally have caught on To what that was going on with his guy If he said it was Monday you'd check the county you go out and take question. There's an apparking on like what they is there's just to be sure That's the level of his credibility Done exist no and so they're interrogating They're the grilling these people like and he's he does this every time I wouldn't do that where do you get your information? That's usually to be spot where do you get your information like to think with the beast and Then of course he intimidates these punks oh it's always the underlings like for the little Dave hey get a good guy He never stole a freight train. He doesn't good job. He shows up every day. He's not a Schmidt this derber He don't cause any trouble. He's not called up people out of their shows Tell him what they how to do and what to say what not the y'all what I'm saying But he does like free bacon. There you go. Well good You're okay in our book Dave don't take any crap from that crusty old man Next thing you know he'll be wanting you to clean out his bag for every morning just stay in a way from that turd Literally Anyway, here's a great pool. I and a good news is I always told you good news is oh There's the new bedtime stories. I was just looking at him on our pool before we fresh new one away from there But the new stories are up I told you and it's only 12 little after 12 30 Now you're the guy that brought Carlos in there you discovered him under the overpassing being the sensitive Spectate you are you and want to help him out and now you're turning on him where's the story's Carl I was waiting all morning long Britain and morning and carrying on about my money. Yeah About my deepest And the fact of the matter is he's got all these other issues to deal with he got the new stories on air and they're right there For you to peruse I mean there's what's the big hurry? It's a 145th of the shade and God they more Miscuitos are the size of bowling balls. Why is anybody in a big hurry? Don't get over to the website They'll eventually hop on it. How to mosquito attack me in the car while it's driving on the highway and Miguel Yesterday, oh no It'll it'll it'll it'll Not me. Oh, you know, it's it's very appropriate that Miguel should be there today because I will say this form As much of a pussy as he is when I was down there last week He was the one one of the two and the I will get to the other moment here But he's one of the two guilty parties who actually didn't come in his duty was pretending to put like a you know He's t-shirt over his nose because you didn't want to catch stars because I didn't go in any incubation for 10 days In fact, you know something I think it's a good idea now I'll go into incubation for 10 days quarantine which means I'll have to I have to let that say incubation in quarantine for 10 days Which means I have to lock the studio lock myself out on the outside. Yeah, that sounds good to me In fact, 10 days I think it sounds like perfect timing you could like we get that until we get that other change will go on But somebody else who was in the studio and and also was screwing up our show I should mention the over member that he was in their screw with the equipment and messing up my overhead Screwing up the goddamn speakers. I don't want to mention that was our great chief engineer George. I'm an asshole of course, so she would mention that. Oh no Now let me ask you since you're there now Miguel. I'll know you probably pull you know a Dave Higgid and like you know turn a key Everybody's so damn intimidated I got the in place who was in this meeting when this discussion took place about my going in the quarantine when I came back to town One moment place yeah Repeat who was in that meeting where this discussions took place of what are we gonna do when Neil comes back from thermometer with the sourcing We better haven't go into quarantine for 10 days. I wasn't I meeting you weren't in the meeting. Oh I'm not in those type of meetings So in other words you were just pussy by a fallout once you heard about it either side and also you'd be a pussy What up Just so so typical man such a typical Cuban they talk a good game and then they wish out man just just like a far-data And they run like a bunch of little girls there. He goes Speaking of Cubans. It says this is a good pool What calamity will we fall Carlos aka beiner boy next? It gets convicted from his own under the overpass B deportation See gets herpes his result of last week's alleged sexual encounter D gets reassigned to the moment guilty show e gets fired F ac breaks on the new car or G gets busted with Alice Pinga Piccini doing a prostitution sting Yeah, I like that last one Thank you Josh Josh has a great vacation order that's Josh Cortis on you know why I'm a girl like Josh Cortis What I don't like Josh Cortis no okay, oh cuz anytime which is very rarely that we have like a guy that looks pretty decent that comes in a building where he hates him always He had a J.P. Like poison They had you what do you mean you didn't know J.P. I don't know J.P. I don't take people Re-slaust How's that possible? Only been here four years yeah, and it's not four years that J.P. deported. I got about that George's life on there right now Okay, bye George right right this Yeah, right any guy that comes in here looks good because Miguel wants he wants to be the hot shot on a block You know he wants to rock around with his all-out jewelry and his marlins out, but and you know Strutner around like I look at me, you know he doesn't wear jewelry Well, that's the problem Yeah, that's the problem. Maybe this way you got this Cuban hang-up all these years you got to start wearing a lot of expensive jewelry more bling bling Baby, I'm gonna start a lot that all my neck got to start walk with many many chains around your neck lots of chains human chains and gold 1242 at five 60 QM or killing some great time today I feel good about this show today because we haven't taken too many calls and I don't know I feel like we're Huh? Good coffee this morning coffee's been great the bacon was outstanding In fact, I may eliminate some of it right now. I didn't have no bacon. That's the only thing I miss I hate to say that to you The only thing I miss from being in that station all I said all we had a good time last week how he's trough of bayhead We had a never ending party Now maybe how is it be delighted to send me up some bacon here to Toronto? What is that? It's a little better. Oh, I'm so bacon and it might be a little bit on a gamey side by the time of kids here, but To the health cares. Hey, speaker of that if you're on the acen's diet, which bacon is okay? It's a okay. There's only too much it'll kill you if you're on the acen's or any other low-carb sugar free diet You need to know about a great store. Do you like the West Boca? It's one of a kind It's number one low-carb store at the universe and you've got over 900 low-carb sugar free products in the store It's an entire store dedicated to you and you're dieting needs and delights introduces new ones every month in this month No exception try their new low-carb instant cup of soup just add water and pop it in the microwave A low-carb meal in the cup and forward delicious flavors check out the new simply low-carb muffins for a quick breakfast You're on individual size cheesecake. Don't forget about Syracurgesica Parker Ammon snack cakes, blondies and six different delicious flavors at last chocolate crisp and chocolate min bars and the good news about these is They have no malt at all. Oh, thank the Lord the new sweetener does not have that effect Cobra right ready to drink chocolate vanilla shakes. It's a low-carb meal in the can and check out Judy's low-carb peanut brittle unbelievably great taste and very very few carbs and the list goes on and on they got your low-carb hot cocoa Apple cider blondies and brownies and incredible selection of low-carb Pasta's and sauces and dressings and chips and chocolates and their real famous carbolite ice cream Come and and try them all at the likes you can always try before you buy it and they're staffing those dieting and said it I'll throw up in every day 10 to 10 on the Northeast corner of Glades Road and 441 right next to Boston Market column toll free at 1 877 low carb or shop them on the web at low carb.com The lights of us book a Magnoma steak is your official atkins retail center Oh my god, you're breath beautiful the cast of they watched as before shooting a scene Hey guys, you know what do you think about my breast you think you know We're not gonna be hard Yeah, maybe a little lies and the nettles are some Yeah, maybe a little bit about my balls. You think my balls is okay. Oh, yeah I forget about your balls. What do you think about my ass? Oh my ass? Oh You're ass looks nice Oh, alright. It's gonna be great for seeing you All right, and oh yeah, your nipples are erecting now. Oh, yeah, I just personally I forget my line 47 most popular TV show and history around the world they walked. Did you know that? No, I'm talking about worldwide. That's not in the USA most popular show Germany. It's the most famous and popular show ever That's because they liked that David Haslachum. They love David Haslachum I think they hate David Haslachum. They like her or any like the kid with a black hair. What's his name? David Charve. No, not David Charve. He's a man. What do I know from VW? So one that was on at soap opera whose name I can ever remember we go through this every time I don't want to know a Billy Warlock very good. All right. I came up with a first thing George came up with a last name good between the two of us. We have half a brain. Billy's warlock How's that Syracca Jessica Parker doing? It's the dog in the hog in the lead The hog in the dog I'm gonna call Smith 149 which overrated supposedly hot chick is actually the biggest dog Thanks again to whoever facts that pull and I like it 416 and in the call Smith 149 but Syracca Jessica Parker's on her ass with 137 and running a lot of rules on her ass Gloria Stephon's got 40 she started to pull into a solid third place Gloria Stephon and I think not because just she looks so bad Which everybody agrees but because we can't stand her we just fight her up not just I bet you Miguelizer He's on the sea. Yeah, you see that Bet you he like we're talking me when I'm on the phone. Yeah. Yeah. Okay good excuse Gloria Stephon She used to be broke you You like her I used to I'm not talking about how she looks. I mean just as a person Okay, I'm not gonna discuss it with you. I don't want to put you on a spot. I understand you're very very sensitive about these things You're emotional that's good case anybody who was ever Had like even a Cuban meal anybody's the aid in a Cuban restaurant Miguel gets very defensive and sensitive about it Okay, because I never saw you thought like it Jennifer Lopez 29 J. Lo and Miguel's really upset about that he thinks she's smoking 31 now she just went up as I said that She'll keep the rate 27 Although like you said who would ever say that she's hot maybe even blind like wouldn't say that Yeah, still he's the rate 27 morise scary 23 she ought to be doing better than that with a one nasty breast She is slimy man Pamela Anderson 15 later this year, but she's moving up nicely Maria Bartowromo 7 Jackie Johnson 7 we can't seem to separate Marie and Jackie Get a hose Martin it what do you call them? How is Lynn Martinez five and tear reading last place for hey how do you like that Miguel terrorists in last place This audience knows all right Look at that phone man we hit in fact the guy and one dropped off or but it's too bad. I made him wait a long time tough Tough bananas people just call and drop in names on me. Oh no, no don't drop names on Miguel come on here Here we got the desperate situation we got all the lines are open but one desperate We got an hour ten minutes to kill oh I think it's almost like clock now George see the way this is going right Little instruction for everybody's long summer months boy July and August I don't want to like be the a perver of gloom and doom But do you think it was bad the last year or so? Oh man, yeah, no you ain't seen nothing yet planned a ramble and Babble good bad do a lot of Babylon on baby Beady beady beady beady. George is going to be due to the show from Babylon this year 567.0560 pound five 60 on a AT and T Of course you know where that is now and Verizon wireless lined Don't we own it if we do now That's what I'm saying Here's Hollywood hello Pretty good I can't see in this more guy and always good to be split the hell that he did a Joe Loast you tell us I Missed that I guess if I played the call you probably would up I'll play the call, okay? This is a call Huh? Thanks everybody appreciate thank you. Okay. Thank now which cut is it on here's the number three? I'll give you it update. Okay This allegedly a week ago shattered a and again is a lot of cotton well, there's really not any kind of reverse except that Most not trying to deny he was the one who had the call Dave Higgins says he is absolutely positive He said he would bid both Mo and Jellies life on it that it was Mo who made it call off the air to Joe Rose Trying to tell him what to say what to do what to figure out he ought to get up date of what took place Just now off the air because I think it's important here this Howard is called the radio station Howard David Who I get along with great I thought He called me an asshole Saying I was trying to stir it up my point back to Howard is don't listen Listen to 101.5 let me see what age group 101.5 for Howard maybe 102.7 some easily listening love music So you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids instead of listening and always calling the radio station He's becoming Howard the caller like Howard from Boca Howard from Boca It's like it you know it's okay So anyway he's he's listening so this one to get the message out and don't call my show to just for a record Don't call off the air cuz I don't want to talk to you and I don't want to hear you on the private line congratulations You know the private line number that's great, but don't call cuz you're not coming on this show You've got you've got your three hours five to eight Monday through Friday you can talk all you want but you're not coming on this show and we'll leave it at that All right, I got nothing against you. You seem like a decent person no And I know you've been getting that taking a big hit on the radio station for everybody else But it's over me and you've done done five done Now let me just say this to you here's another piece of evidence is the jury ways in on this and examins the situation Whoever was that call let's assume we aren't positive it was Moe, okay? Whoever called called on a bat line absolutely okay now how many just off the street or Niri Schmidt's distribbers have the inside line right right, but maybe they I produced some questions just made that up and there never was a call Oh, maybe they've taken just lied about that that it wasn't on the inside line It was just somebody like on lines free or something like that anybody believe it at or the phone didn't even ring They just Actually there was any such a recall Dave Higgins just made it up because he's a Schmidt's distributor wanted to create a lot of more problem from all see Look the preponderance of the evidence is so overwhelming here that in any court of law in any kindergarten classroom everybody would be it. Why you wouldn't even waste their time? I mean you can go down the list. Why does Neil Rogers despise Moe Howard David? He's an asshole. Why does George Rodriguez despise Moe Howard David? He's an asshole. I just zacked hate Moe Howard David. He's an asshole Why did the beast hate Moe Howard David? He's an asshole What is Jim and it's secretly all of he's not a position to say it despise Moe Howard David? He's an asshole. Why does Joe Rose despise Moe Howard David? He's an asshole. I just hate Goldberg find him reporting repulsive and refuses to acknowledge his existence. He's an asshole. There you go I leave anybody out. Mom mean you know See what I'm saying we're all wrong and McGill you notice that was nice to you. I left you out of the equation Absolutely Well, I mean we got to save you with somebody But that's it and I'll do people out there want to amuse yourselves You can continue saying oh, this is really some funny stick you know Fine believe whatever it had you want like I'm telling you before there is no way in the world that anybody even though a wild hysterical imagination like I got that could create a character like this. No Not to mention the fact that his his history precedes his ass, you know his ball is Every place else whether was Westwood long whether was the jets whether was the Celtics whether was the box you name it same story No your reputation precedes you and believe me in a 1314 months You've been in our midst you've lived up to it and then some He's a hidden run and Schmidt the stir, but that's what he is you know starts the crap behind the scenes and then goes on here Very indignant. I resent the take it very personally not by all the bull crap, you know All I crap and The fact of the matter is since you got me stirred up on it. I wasn't even gonna talk about where did this come from? We're in the song from the new edition to the story which is I see the new thing with denial There is a little bit late as a sense this happened a week ago. Senator is a little bit slow another in position. I see Well the fact of the matter is we know for damn sure that wouldn't be the first time that he's got a history of making all these calls off here And addition to which is constantly listening to this radio station This was part of the whole big thing with you and with me and him months and months ago Wow, his wife can't pick it him. You know what I just like Joe said Joe Rose hit it. I'm not listening That's all fine something else to listen to go out there and play golf all day get yourself a nice melon home or something But don't be listening to the idea and radio station all day. Hmm honey melon I'll tell you when I listen to WQ and when I'm in south Florida, okay when I'm in the car Period never never ever any other time Okay, okay, what I'm in the car listening coming into work in a morning Which is mostly for real And I believe in whether it's mad dog or used to be Hank on a way home. I listen because I enjoy listening then they're fun That's it. That's you've said a by listening in the car But here's the guy who's 100 years old who's got all the nice climb and he loves his golf. That's his favorite passion in life besides a creet and trouble Stay up there and focus go out on the golf course and smooth it on your buddies if you have any Go have a good time go with Bob cost us dribble and marond a little bit dribble all of your chin dribbled on your checkered pants but quit for ten and okay quit blaming everybody else all the underlegs It's the beast that's Dave Hagen. It's Carol in it. Oh, I mean, is there anybody left? Oh Jesus Christ If it was up to him, there wouldn't be anybody working the whole guy did building beside him absolutely right Correct sir absolutely right. He's it. He's the star. We don't need we don't need for We sure only that fat or fact. We don't need the mad duck. We don't need the Humper we don't need any care Joe and Mark because after all the row We glee then and they want their five sisters our back by the way, Mom. We don't need Jesus Christ That's right. We don't need anybody we don't need Moses. We don't need all the I need Moses Oh, he'll get his spoke to him recently. He says thank you again because the dialo mattress people are in touch with them Good, I'm gonna be getting everything back. So when I come back to town I fully expect a payback. You know I'm saying that's what a nice that I got a beautiful mattress But I made sure it's the kind of he and I are gonna enjoy it together a lot. He's looking good these days It could take in quite so many steroids 1258 at five 60 WQM by now you've been here to talk about a great place Laminance arousan how lamina wood flooring from lamina serus is the easy low maintenance way to go What it is it's the alternative to natural wood flooring and saves you a Schmidtload of cash Laminance arousan the best place to find laminated wood flooring from the top names in a business corridor per go Wilson art unifloring quick step. They've got all the top names installed by per go certified installers too Here's another good reason why I got to be called lamina terus their prices are so unbeatable label floor you right now You can get through some are special for just 19 hundred 95 bucks that's correct just 1995 dollars for up to 380 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring. It is positively Unbelievable it is and lamina terus will match any legitimate written offer to for a free and homestimate with no obligation Calamina terus toll free 1 877 777 73336 by the way cleft up full man get my pool fix you idiot Don't let me forget next start and tell about the alarm people have a scoot of my pool heater over the weekend last week. Okay What could be easier than the let lamina terus handle this for you? They offer your free carpet disposal free furniture moving to 25 year warranty and years and years of beautiful Easy care laminated wood flooring you save yourself a lot of worry and a lot of cash Calamina terus today toll free tell that crusty old Neil 30 to call one 877 777 3336 Oh my favorite republicum this is Matt Dronch and it's time for the skills they are floating It's time once again for the Neil Rogers one to two hours Yeah, usually I don't do this but uh Let me tell you a little bit about the wheels that I drive to work in now I'm not trying to be rude but you can really get screwed by those dealers trying to sell you Automobile brand new see I don't need the fancy grails all those new cops Man side pad my baby 20 years should run on those stripped out gears to the horned over And the horned over Got a four on the floor it got a four of its doors, but not a hell of a lot more it eats up brand new Ignition it got a broken transmission It got some holes in the body got front and rear fenders missing leaks like a son of a gun But I'm like so what it runs it's a piece of you know what to do but at least it's paid for One or three it's a real piece we can relate to that. Oh, here's a fact is what did your Sander that prompted most alleged call after put legendary because we know Dave Hagan is right in pulse of liar That's a little bit Little bit of the background just very briefly because I'm on a dwell on more than other two three hours is that Joe was mentioning on a year that the the conflict the Rift between mole and guilty was growing and that you could it was palpable You can hear it on the ear the fact that there was a certain hostility in the run at morning show right Which everybody been talking about that I mean it's not a secret there everybody who listens knows it everybody right everybody And mole became indignant about that and if it was him the essence of the call was what did your full aircraft And you're a batch diver and you're a liar above a bond Nobody there's nothing going on a girl. Do you know I get along wonderful and you're you're stirring to pot? You're stirring up trouble and stuff like that and Quite practically I can't imagine anybody else in the world on the inside private line Calling in and spouting that can you? No, oh, okay, you don't have to chuckle at the end there. You have to do a little bird thing Hey, they're very you know straightforward question. I think the Andy we try to stay with you That's it, but of course we don't know if I call at all ever kidding First of all anybody knows Dave Hagan. I don't know Dave really well, but Dave is not a he's just a no-nonsense kid You know, he's not the kind of guy that's it's not like the beast now the beast would have been accused I could say yeah the beast on it, you know, because that that's his style He's the kind of trouble making little yenta that would do something like that In fact now that we think about the beast knows the inside line everybody Oh, how is his how are the personation? I don't know, but we can turn the Christ. Yeah. Oh that that was the beast Wow This is starting to get pretty thick That's some water That that's the only possibility that's the only person not that I want to show the beast out of the bus because can you imagine what that bus would look like when we finished You'd probably crad is really bus. Like yeah, like one of those exactly I was looking for the conversion chart the temperature conversion chart was I found here. It's 90 90 90 one tomorrow next two days Parent Toronto yeah, but you could probably still breathe the air. No, you can still breathe Although we do have a small advice because it's real steamy but the humidity is only 42 percent wouldn't you just die for only 42 percent? I'm gonna just die when I leave the building today In the 90s for like so I got back in Teva that whether which are like the how whether as long as it's not humid and Stifling and suffocating you catch my drip. Oh, good anyway I was just looking for that and I found at the same time another roof thing I had sitting around with all my crap That was a facts from a list who said the big Leboski's a great movie Carlisves full of urine Now, did we decide about that? He said that he liked it, but he thought you wouldn't like it there for he didn't recommend or you haven't seen it. No, I haven't seen it See I asked Miguel about that, but I don't think Miguel sees any movies where they speak English Really what's the last movie you saw? Can Passe you say the movie? Matrix oh, what's now going right along with the crowd? Oh, I saw that yeah when we George You went when it would George to see the matrix we held hands We showed that how a Passe the court we showed that sweet yeah, what sweet did you hear each other with guava? We ate some jujubees, you know, this is an excellent how do we leave her out Madonna says put Madonna on the Us pool how could we forget about her? You're good you spot your war right We had that we apologize for our grotesque oversight, but of course if I'd have been taking calls Probably somebody would have called and said Madonna belongs under that bitch, but I haven't taken a lot of calls because I'm full of it today I am really Not a with it See you sound too happy in the other because we know you're not here you're in Toronto again And it's a pride week all the fans will be there this week Well, let me ask you this what makes it different from any other way? I'm on the stana right Here's the way the polls going right now. We got the new stories of the bedtime stars right there again We apologize on Carlisves behavior little problem this weekend. You notice I'm like mellowing out He's a look he's a good kid. He just has problems right right? He's ugly. That's one of the problems But then again many of the rest of us have that problem too. Oh, sorry, I'm ago. See there's a smart assing. He's the smart ass Yeah, you guys are all ugly He wasn't I wasn't emoting yeah, he was in an emergency can board look how good I look okay Well, I'll tell you what my y'all. I'll take my paste tub. I'll take my stub and chicken up against yours In fact, I'm often thought about well 497 votes. That's not bad. It's only one o'clock You know, yeah Which overrated the supposedly hot chick actually is the biggest dog? You could almost hear them woofing from a mile away and in a cool Smith hundred seventy two Saint Bernard Big but remember what we did to show on the dogs nobody mentioned Saint Bernard and run rightfully so see I love all dog or most dogs But Saint Bernard's are just I mean they're slobber. I'm not big under those slobbering You know those kind of dogs. I just you don't have to love Saint Bernard's the Chinese doing up at that for you They eat them. They how they do they got 50 Saint Bernard farms at least those Chinese men. They eat just about anything And in the quest myth 172 Syracca Jessica Parker's yeah, they did it right One you enjoy it so much 136 Glory a Stefan 47 at bitch Jennifer Lopez Jail was moving up 21 Stilky's the ray 34 Mariah carries 26 Pamela Anderson was a very late edition. He's got 20 we don't have Madonna on her yet Eric I'm not trying to be pushy See it's more fun when Carlisves are because then he gets on a phone with area Get my dad on there right away get him. I he's gonna get pissed off get my dad on Yeah, I just I like to be a fly in the phone line here those conversations Jackie Johnson eight Maria Bartaromo seven oh Jackie Johnson moved ahead of that that's bad you people Look I brought it up last week through the afriad about how she's everybody on this station especially overheat Jackie's Johnson But I'm not saying like she's a bad person so why you want to pile on Thurc as he'd like to pile right I'll be the first one Jackie's got eight Maria Bartaromo seven Lynn Martinez from spilthees in the Rayland is got five and Thurc died with Lynn with five in last place though a 504 votes Not too shabby my dog coming along at two o'clock. He'll be all the reasons why he knows that it was Mojo called Joe Rose And he's not getting involved because he's better work with the Howard on his ball games kid can you imagine If man this didn't have to this is this is a fantasy of mine Okay, if Mo have mad dog didn't have to work with Mo on a dolphin games Can you imagine what we'd be hearing on that show and you just just you know hey, I'd even listen All right Hank is a chulest today four to seven we got the big Rectom That was What a fun look look at your 360 there know you know you have to make it me off the hook that that's right next to Rectom K but now that you mentioned you this a big ass or I know also Gary seven to ten Maybe maybe that was meant to be that way, you know any K tend to two our gambling guy and Joe and Mark over I two to five in a am right before the Mohour David it show with the guilty And the tension between them is Palpable I like seeing that we're lost. It's Talibird you can feel it you can smell it. Oh You can just tell that the again soon knives are gonna start coming out any second I love this a guilty just give right up and yeah, Mo's peace right off his head in this storm out there Can you imagine I can you can you in a pool in that? Here's a call from for Lauderdale hello For Lauderdale I know you're there Going once he's breathing pretty heavy Maybe he's looking at a picture of spoke using the right he's gone your gone loser 5670560 pound five 60 on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line Palm Beach Gardens hello Palm Beach Gardens is also gone Also gone let's try Miami hello Hello, yes sir. Hey deal our you whether slow down or what Krona I know it's human their folks, but let's get with it pretty good I'm a human servant Umothurman yeah, you nasty looking I would say is yeah, she ain't too good You know I say it's a little pretty hot. I'm confused no I want my therma. What did I just see her in she was in pole fiction and What else did I just see her in? George was she in gross for cowboy? No, I don't know which one of the movies that I just watched huh? I can't remember that man this guy's blind Well, we'll put a lot of just a nice look at it all okay. I'll put around it to make you happy. I'll take your portion. Thanks. Okay Umothurman get around here. I got to have to look it up on here to a search. I just got through seeing her in something She's a baby and It's a matter of fact see I'm just trying to be agreeable as soon as he said that but then I thought about I just seen her in something Umothurman Here we go my moment please welcome to Umothurman dot net What the hell is that can I just have a list of her flicks would be a lot better in this this has got Orvi time she's gonna have a bowel movement has got every damn busy. She's gonna be doing a zons pulp fiction Trying to think what else hated pulp fiction right, but that's not to one Oh here we go actors archives. That should be it right I guess 28 day oh and you know something that punk from mother movie that I refuse to watch the The swishing one in the toilet movie Trainspotting train spotting that punk is in that 28 days haven't and she's also in that That's the hot new movie supposedly is it out right now. I get I don't know oh there she is uh I think the guys are wrong don't put her on there. Okay. Thank you wrong He's wrong he only wishes he was that pretty believe me. I'll put him with her morn He just you know maybe she just turned him down you know Or he's gay maybe no parents five six seven. I think she's a pretty good. I know I just saw her in something. Why you must have See these damn websites all I want all I want is just a list of her movies that I am db the matrix we loaded are these her movies? I don't think she was in making that he's our and this is her. Here's John Bolushi all I want is just the page It's got the figure to one thing about the you're wefts the internet right I am db baby I'm sorry. Well, okay. Well, I'll do it during the break we don't want to take the audience just then they want to hear me fumbling around They want to hear all this. Yeah, they want to hear her on bursting is that among the three of us we can't think of one of the movie that she was in I know it was just one of the ones I just seen here recently right What the was it? I thought Batman right Batman sucks which one yeah which Batman are we talking about Yeah, Jesus right the one with Jesus He was an all of them Batman without Robin is like Mo without guilty well they had one of those two she was in Baron lunchhouse in the adventures of She was much anonymous 114 that's five 60 WM. Hey, I want to tell you about a great place if your carpets are a little on a marginal side Maybe they're really bad Thrive content fact I'm having in my house so while I'm gone, you know because I don't want to get in their way and they're gonna clean my carpets and make them look like brand new I said it with confidence. I don't even have to be there because I know for over 20 years I think even I've got you part and Gadica Gadica that was it. Oh, so my lovely Ethan Hawke Gadica. She's heard it. There's not a dancing wrong with Uma Thurman Okay, do not put around list because it would be embarrassing That would be bad anyway if your carpets look I held a lot worse than Uma Thurman because they're dirty and filthy and Your kids and your pets and everybody else is made a mess in them. Here's the answer your dry concepts They will perform your magic on your carpeting just like they've done for me for all these many years Because of the only company in the world that dry cleans your carpets hence the name dry concepts and I'll do the same super job on your drapes your expensive area rugs and renal carpets and also On your poultry on your leather furniture if you're having problems with pet orders or milled of orders Closed by water damage dry concepts will come to your home and just like a miracle make those disappear and The best part about the deal is not only they show up on time, but as soon as they get there They give you a written guaranteed price for the job they're about to do so you can rest assured You can breathe easy you don't have to worry about those scams the carpet cleaning companies are famous for no after the Job scams or tech ons or games the written guaranteed prices in your hand before they start to job So if you want an unparalleled stupenish job on your floor do yourself a big favor call the professionals A drug concepts and be sure and tell them that old neol toward a call 1-800-248-5071 That's 1-800-248-5071 or log under their website for more info on a great job. They'll do for you at drugconcepts.com. It's the truth when you call dry concepts you clean today. You can entertain tonight I've been busy the last night Oh We're We're Baby don't be late We're Come on What? She won't do it Let's touch the thrill again every But people want me to be wary and just tell it Of my family Shut up I don't hear what you're telling I keep a blue-y water very bad at black Each man in the front and an alarm boarding chest A door she knows that been ever so free And I hold her baby's all ready very to that day We're here's Hongki My love Hongki So just leave us alone Cause we're good About him I am not to be a very good You love me and my butt was so good I won't sign up for you now Cause he made more than me Right then the guy in the snow That's a real dirt girl just that the clue is just Shut up you make a name Just like his movies the spirits will be bad But I don't want to be alone You just want to keep a wasn't just to be that boy alone Now we both want to get in You don't want to just find us For sure I think Joe we're gonna get along well with the clearance cause like I said she's never seen a penis Oh he has Are you sure 19 at 560 WCM here's from the Orlando telegraph today The American Alcatra operative on mass last week is having planned to bring down the Brookford Bridge Was first detained in March and has been used by the FBI for months as a double agent It was reported yesterday in case you missed a story If you're busy watching me depressed with him or so US authorities waited till last week to announce a plea bargain struck with Lyman Ferris a Pakistani born Lori drive ordered a Scott out terror target including the York landmark They did not say that Ferris was also ordered to study ultra light aircraft and the possibility of derailing a training to a chemical storage facility in Washington Has been under FBI control for months Just this department official told Tom magazine that first was secretly detained about two weeks after they'd remade a capture in March first in Pakistan of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed al-Qaeda chief operations in stalling the safe house in Virginia Ferris sent messages to his terrorist commanders by mobile phone and email he was sitting in the safe house making calls for us It was a huge triumph a senior Bush administration official told time After completing guilty to offering material support to al-Qaeda personally sentenced the longest basis of 20 years in prison How do you like that? He was a triple agent triple whammy Look at that phone man talk about the whammy How to call on her don't answer any more Miguel will just do screen list of star forget any Oh man, what you want to talk to these people? No thanks. Oh, I mean you sounded well across there's one on the line right now. Okay, and we'll put the person in on for a minute Okay, that's long enough For you on me let him speak to you Please the Congress working on prescription drug benefits for older Americans. Oh, yes, they continue drive now. What's the upshot? It's very convoluted this thing about the Canadian pharmacies that are selling drugs in the US to senior citizens It's saving them from being ripped off so bad and save them in many case 50% more under prescriptions And they're trying to put the Kavash on at and the One of the committees one of the set committees. Remember the end of the week they as they overruled it Right, and they said that they can it's nothing illegal about it. They're getting no it doesn't Heart that represents no threat to the public safety, but you know, it's it's not gonna go through But in the meantime, I'm just wondering what the status is anybody now. Oh, I don't know Because everywhere you go you see signs like kind of my on a PO box places Check about discount Canadian pharmacy, you know prescription all that stuff. I don't want to say no. No, you don't because you don't take any drugs that are like illegal I take aspirin now now this is interesting now Miguel has just You see here's a god at so conscientious he just he wants to do something he wants to make it I'll saw feel like he earned his pay today. He has a hard chances He has got some sand and spider what you all the stories you told That's how much he's making and he wants to earn every penny of it I mean like last year when we didn't have a best of and you liked playing him for it and come to find out it was because you're lazy It's not because of Miguel Because you were too lazy to put the material together right Is now what it was sure while that's not argue over spilled milk okay It were caused that were made by mole we go Saturday on a Joe Rosho let's have a clean slate okay white Plains with both hands from the back to front WQAM Hi pretty good sir Hey a couple things you know about last week also soon at your room that morning is matter Fact was very long over and I was just gonna see the radio and you know when he came on there's no way he could Is that I mean it was just you know for one minute for the next that mean it just seems Very real to me but With more as I would hate to see him good because it's been so much fun all the mileage He's not going anywhere Okay, I hope you know all you know whatever man, but hey Let me tell you he has a year and in the eight or nine months off in a contract and I guarantee he's such a hard as if they make him Get up in two thirty in a morning and come and change everybody's under where he's still gonna show up I'll see you at a poll last week. I don't know who the call that you mentioned whether that was for all throw voice or not Yeah, and I I think it is and the reason I said that is that I read this medical study This is very well, but there's a medical condition where people are pulling with their spink their muscles and their vocal cords switched Really actually I think he's got a spink their muscles but then is Repentant Thanks for the vote of confidence. Okay. There's a little shot at for real no is clim media But if you had anything better than my dry gas on a Monday I'd like to see him blow some dry gas right in the beast push which I think is what he did That's gone Scott that makes up for the fact he's see it was just like the giant in the business that franchise It's always I don't know how I get into this okay Cause in the beginning remember when they had I would do when we first got the marlins I used to go to all the games a lot of games And sit in those crappy seats over to be hand first base. I mean the seats were good, but it was just that it was behind Jav Bush and all his right wing Republican friends including that big tank from Tel Iasi is number one fundraiser. Got a way to about 800 pounds I went and then of course, you know, you start losing interest because it was boring is all a hell It was a hundred degrees in the shade and then they win the series 97 a Wayne sold everything off by the way There's an interesting book. It's called If they don't win it's a shame the year the marlins bought the world series by Dave Rosenbaum Do we then I'm sure George Roy. Yeah, I got my panel when it's a shame the year the marlins bought the world There's and then actually paid all those guys They went to world through then he as we all know he as promised because they wouldn't build a new stadium like a little spoiled child He had dismembered the theme He disemboweled it and then we had little John Henry and his quizlings and remember the day That they hit him on the first team and I walk into building oh, hi Neil somebody could drink and they looked at me like oh like Frankenstein just walked Yeah, I'm the enemy it's because any arraggios nobody shows up up They're right right Bull crap your fault in for us doing the same crap now I don't care what the arraggios says about he thinks about the marlins. It's really and then finally he admits to me that it's quite a what it says in the box Korea's that a 10,000 this is a teen. It's now almost 500 They swept the series against the week admittedly week devil raised but nevertheless And he said if there was 3000 people there was a lot So who's kidding who huh? Would you eat yesterday? I had a lot of everything I went to the marlins game and I've been able to I've been able to pull some halfway down my leg I think to be ankle to be honest with but anyway, he's a great guy. We love having him here Even though he's full of crap and at least they're he and better late than ever he admitted about the 2500 people there yesterday at tops maybe 567.0560 pound 560 around the world on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Which overrated supposedly hot chick is actually the biggest dog We're asking today and getting a big response 573 each your hardout being her boy, but he wishes he was here today And what's going on? Did we get any updated off-mem on the website? What do you want by that page or just the fact you put this to reason? No, no, he put a little message on there and what did it say? Oh yeah No seriously, that's what it said and then it goes into why sort of a humorous Explanation of his predicament. Oh, that's on my page on the homepage right on your right is that con. Oh, okay He's trying to write in his Spanish accent. It doesn't exactly and an occult Smith to 01 if it sounds like I'm interrupting you It's because I am Syracca Jessica Parker 148 Gloria Stephon 50 jalo 48 Spookies in the Ray 44 Miracari start and move up nicely 31 with a big gigantic ugly deform breast right in the middle of her chest Panala Anderson speaking of the form breast 24 Jackie Johnson 10 Maria Vakteromo You're so lovely today Maria. She's got a Lin Martinez is tied with her read in last place sucking the wind in last place with six of My An user for a long time he was an ordinary Saudi down on his luck until a twist of fate and downing with all the powers of Abba it's the feel good hit of the summer. Ahmed Almighty I mean I It's funny I woke up this morning and I swear I do spell figure From the director of infidel liar infidel liar comes a movie that will have you bowing seven times a day towards a box office It's a med Almighty Don't be pining so far Like the rest of us. Ahmed Almighty. It's Amma you could ask of a movie comedy Little over the week now how many people have you held oh Nobody Oh Med Almighty now flying 32 like a skirt is say 132 at five 60 W. Here's a bad news at least for me anyway Air Canada deal thrown into doubt. I'm reading from the Toronto Star website The Union representing your candidate pilots is holding its members to stop voting on a tentative new deal at both sides Instead of essentially troubled airlines restructuring a recent arbitrators ruling that Trapples the seniority rights of Erkan and the pilots has put that agreement on these survival of the carrier in jeopardy The Air Canada policy association be saying ready for that No, we've asked Erkan and the pilots to withhold their vote on the collective agreements at the until the area in the overhead Said when so on so they just can't wrap it all up. Okay So we have to keep sitting on pins and needles especially those of my good friends down there who work for Erkan and especially those of us who don't want to be flying American airline Oh no, please say no way Jose now you didn't remind me to bitch out to click the pull man. Hey bitch out cliff the pull man. Don't forget okay So anyway, I don't remember what the hell day it was come on from work one day last week and sunny hot human South Florida Subcading South Florida and John standing in the doorway of the patio look at on he says we got a problem. We got a problem It comes fight out the illegally in the long service that I have they have back into the my pull heater Oh no, and you know how you have the piping that goes from your pull heater to the filter or you're et cetera Right your pull well, they knocked it and they broke it and Ever know there'd been water just pouring out all of the guy to replace John when I'm thinking of how it turned to them thing off So the thing is broken and the guy says to me very apologetically I'm sorry the guy is an idiot and whatever it is we'll pay the bill And it's just broken piping. I don't think it's something to do so I immediately go in a house I get on a phone and I call my good close personal friend click the pull man. You know why's guy cliff? Come on the pull and hexon pull service and I said we got like a little emergency You're not the end of the world, but I told him what happened and I said see if cooking it over here in fix it I'll have him get over there as soon as I can this was on Thursday Okay, did he show up Friday? Saturday Sunday and of course I don't know what he's there or not now, but I have my dust Mom, they do is they way that that's the kind of service you get in sound Florida from almost everybody and Otherwise will be there as soon as we can a ka whatever to help we get around what maybe if you're lucky If you look at us just the right way this is my wise guy pull guy. I'm thinking maybe I need a new pull guy, you know it Yeah, I'm serious I am deadly serious I mean what kind of crappy services that this guy living in that house for like 11 years. He's been doing a pool since day one I do believe I think so Always a real wise ass fifth to pull him on you. I made him into a big celebrity and all I want is just go over there Fix the piping sweet. All that's all just make it that worked away. It's supposed to work you jackass is he done it? I don't think so I'll check it out. I'm gonna keep my eye on you cliff Gonna send him right back to whatever little island he came from you know to bait him running the goddamn banana boat W to Q a m I'm Exciting can we talk about your pool little more jackass? Yeah, oh, that you know something the guy in line six I was funny because during the break I said lines is with a line six. That's the same guy. We tire same guy Same guy and he always winds up on lines six just keep that in mind, okay? Yeah, let's talk a little bit more about my pool asshole. Or let's just talk about your asshole and how big it is Maybe they're pretty similarly. Maybe it's like bullshit asshole. WQAM Yes, man Yes, that's the one we decided with the one I saw right now. I love get a kid. Did you like that movie? I loved it. Mm-hmm. Did you already say that on the air that you found out where you saw her from? Yes, God. I thought I was listening minute by minute Wow, we just slipped it in a real quick But thanks, I appreciate it See how deep in hawk Five six seven on the guy in six man listen every minute of every day and he's got now He's got he's changed it up a little bit because we're car see found out that every time it has to be Territhing I already made the I signed an agreement with Greg read that every time he calls and says that it extends my contract by another month So that's about the night time he's done it last two or three weeks, so now we're like almost up to another year on there Which means he's gonna have to subject himself to this show four hours a day five days a week on and on and on until probably we all croaked What do you laugh at about you know what I'm talking about here all of these assholes every minute of every day They're listed they're loving it so much. They're squeezing themselves and Just like everything else we've talked about if it's movies they don't like it if I just mentioned the only reason I'm talking about the pool thing is because I want to rip cliff and ass and deserve it. So, okay? And everybody else in South Florida know what I'm talking about trying to get service Try to get somebody show up and fix something that screwed up forget about it. We'll show up if in one week. Feel like it asshole Nobody QA in Yes, sir Yeah, okay If you can't get cliff out there I'm about certified pool builders. I'll come out there in fixed mode charge 21 I mentioned the name of the company But I have a little cliff good guy actually Just a little he's just a little bit slow. That's all. Oh, yeah He's my human. He worked with me 12 years ago, so I know cliff Okay, well if he doesn't show up the next day or two I'll put a plea out on the ear again, okay? Okay, no problem, sir. Thanks, pali. Okay. Oh, tell Cliff we can't stand him Ficed and of course he loves when I talk about him on the ear just squeezes himself while I mention his name on the ear Oh, my no is great, man. But let's great Cliff a Kitchie rash out there. It's not a major job It's not the end of the world. It's a couple of pieces of tubing that need to be fixed. You know Kind of like the ones you got in your back. Oh, yeah Shmuck Who calmed by marine doubt is always nested these New York times that I read it. Yeah. I think I can pronounce the words in it too She says looking back you have to wonder if Rummy and Sodom were in two completely different movies Rummy starring in a heroic war adventure like Sands of Iwo Jima while Sodom was scheming in a slick Highscape or like oceans 11 with a soundtrack by Frank Sinatra using the Iraqi dictators favorite song Stranger's in the night Could we have been at war with someone who wasn't fighting back? In Iraq Rummy wanted to prove this that they sleek high-tech American military could be used to fight an unconventional ways The maybe Sodom who gives creepy New mean you defraised all the medserviver was playing an even more unconventional game What if he never meant to model ass than in Baghdad? Merely spread word that there was a dread red line of chemical and germoreheads Bringing the capital to give himself time to melt away into subterranean safety Two nights before the war began Kusse or as minions were busy plundering a billion dollars morac central bank as US tank Sped to Iraq meaning surprisingly little opposition except for fed-aine harassment Sodom may have been burning records of his weaponizing and terrorizing it probably already hidden and destroyed any bad Stuttering the years the bushy spent trash talking about wapping him Maybe decided that rather than a hit a merciless with biological warfare he would use psychological warfare Discrediting the US with allies by stripping the anthrax cover was with the terror sending out doubles in public while he plotted his getaway Or making loyalists pretend to be double agents Dishing fake tip to the CIA about where the ace of spades was dining so the US would bond the wrong places Sodom knew how hard it would be for Americans to rely and trust Reliant and understanding in a part of world that we don't understand we're nobody trust us He had 12 years between wars and bushes after all the plot bruises his captured top of the tent and installed American interrogators That he fled the Syria with Sodom sons after the war until Syria expelled them and that Sodom was hiding in Iraq Maybe Sodom has been torturing from the sidelines as his guerrillas and Islamic villains kill him off US soldiers to make Americans Quisi maybe he couldn't flame an Iraqi rebate in over chaotic conditions to expel the occupiers who came with no occupation plan Or if Sodom brought a plastic surgeon underground with him perhaps he could resurface as a fresh face of Papadus candidate and in vice-ribe bremers first democratic elections After all bath and him of his party translates as resurrection It's funny that the bushy didn't recognize the heist when they saw one given that they pulled off such a clever heist of their own They cracked the safe of American foreign policy and made off with generations of resistance to preemptive and new letter will attacks On Friday senators on the intelligence committee cut a deal that lets a thorough review ie a Republican whitewash Go forward into whether the spy community ginned up prewar intelligence the Democrats already Fousted by their prewar fear of being pannewaste naturally came down open hearings Open closed who cares Congress is looking for it in a wrong place Disgrownizing those who gathered the intelligence rather than those who pushed to distorted George 10 it might have butted up his vases by not objecting loud enough when the bushy's last on the bogus or exaggerated claims But if up sequestines is a subject of congressional investigation when for a busy summer The Hawks started with Sodom's demise and worked backwards as the latest new Republican Posted its deception democracy cover article in the summer of 2002 Vice President Cheney made several visits to be CIA Langley headquarters, which were understood within the agency as an attempt of pressure The low level specialist interpreting the raw intelligence that would freak people out said one former CIA official It's supposed to be an ivory tower and that kind of pressure would be enormous on these young guys It's scary all right, Dick Cheney's hot breath on your raw files We have mercilessly taken the following material out of context without endorsement or permission from those depicted is our Ungoing mission to make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible We hope we reach that goal or at least major last On tonight's action news Hillary congratulations your book is out and it's flying off the shelf Thank you, so when did you start having group sex? Start a year is it go so who are you in bill swinging with bill and Allen Dipper and I did you know that sometimes bill had sex with Betty white I find that absolutely unbelievable I know I just made it up on tonight's action news Hillary what was your favorite place to have sex for me? Behind Rectom 145 at five sixty wqa. I'm now. I'm just during the break again put my thinking cap on And I'm afraid from over there. They got some bad news for them. Uh-oh Just why I had created a possible scapegoat for his ever-in-be-heaver and I grow test call to Joe Rose Absolutely, I just got him off the hook to be still under the line What the date of this alleged call was a week ago Saturday, right? Okay guess where the beast was a week ago Saturday I don't know some games. I'm on think back think back Joe's a gacky think back Oh, my haul no, he wasn't he wasn't he wasn't no clearance went out there. No, he's supposed to be supposed to agree Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, yeah, he was an oba humann like I said clearance made the call Wouldn't that be something wouldn't it be something clear? I don't think clearance could do a very good Mohawk or David and I'm sorry. I got this so I'll be just a lot of burner. I'm thinking you're right You're right. I'm trying so hard to get him off the hook because as much as we find him we've voltage And I'm not just in a real trouble making the enter. I just I just can't imagine that can you now? In this to which the beast could not do a Mohawk or that would full-dave Hagan Let's see what it'd be for Ha ha ha ha ha 560560 pound five 60 on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line as the mystery of the hostile called a Joe Rose continues And see I think with it without that call spread of Joe's you know Joe Spide of things he said and at the on a flip there we got he still hates him anyway We're regardless of you that right which of course you and he have discussed in the hall, but we don't want mention out in here Like 625 votes on a poll today, which overrated supposedly hot chick is actually the biggest dog and an accolest myth is Trouncing the competition And in a cool squeals like a pig and looks the part 220 votes Sarah Jessica Parker. I mean Sarah ca Jessica Parker 159 A very strong second and way above everybody else Laura Stefan got 53 jaylo's climate up their slowly the Miguel 52 Spilky's the rate 46 morac carry 34 Pamela Anderson 28 Jackie Johnson 12. I feel back because I started that see now they're now they're piling on They're piling on poor Jackie Maria Bartaromo 8 Terri 6 Lynn Martinez 6 and Madonna very late at this and's got four already she's up to four out of 628 Also, I should mention if you go to the rogis.com you'll see a very incoherent Apology of sorts. I just checked it out the one from Carlos Yeah, I told you hold back the purple pills for two weeks did I say that? Oh, you're talking me yeah hold back the purple pills. So I'm talking about the ones you keep supplying him with okay two weeks W to Q a m Oh, Jesus Christ almighty give it a rest get a life. Yeah, I'm still here. I soul just like you're still there. You know what this reminds me What I was just thinking about this also while I was trying to make up excuses for the beast If you want to wear a restaurant and the food sucked and you hated it you thought this is the worst food and a worst service and you you call the way it Or was it give me another playful Right, and I'd be back the next day too and and you sat there when you were gagging Oh my god, you could barely swallow it. It was so I was a worst swirly Bring me another plate waiter and you just kept sitting there and you never left and like you said you kept coming back every day Give me some more that slap okay, I'm starting to like it. I can't live without it Same crap from the same two or three assholes who need mental help But we sure would miss you W to Q a m Q a m gone long gone miss one W to Q a m Hey now, yes, sir. Yeah, I Cut you off about five years ago. I was one of those and today is the first death turning you back on you cut me off What does that mean yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and You know, it's like everything else you you come back to it. You don't like it. You turned off. Yeah And This is how I got man he tried me crazy I beg her pardon. That Howard guy. Yeah What does it what does that have to do with this show? I mean what are you you're coming off Five years ago and now you're back are you back just visiting or you back to stay for while or you're like I believe so I mean I'm like what I hear yeah, yeah, and you're doing a good job Uh, yeah, I guess that like you used it not not the way you used to be though Have a great day, pal. Okay, you want to just bust my balls a little bit. That's okay. Pay these Wednesday by the way Pay these ones them gonna have a big fat one okay my penis may be very small what you did Okay, I'm no apology. I know that's just the way it is, you know born with it But the paycheck it is so huge yeah Now if I had to choose between the large penis and large paycheck. I'll take the money thank you Yeah, because because if we really did that hung up about your penis size you've in fact if you have a if you do email Huh If you have a computer man you got everything on my email. I would say nine out of ten are for like penis enlargement So they must know who they're dealing with So if you have enough money you could probably make your penis the size of your heinous Big But when you got the cash baby then it's another store. I just mention that in passing for those bozos The thing I'm gonna get him. I'm gonna get it's of no consequence to any of us okay in fact A lot of people fight at most amusing so thanks for the free entertainment Great It's just it's just every single day of every week of every month of every year If this show went on under 75 years if those people didn't croak first or yours truly which I will they be there every day I'll bet I've talked to so many people about this somebody is a battery of psychologists could never figure out the psychology of People who call talk shows most of whom might wear assholes I'm not gonna lie to you about that most people call talk shows our assholes What other kind of a person would sit on a phone waiting and waiting and wait to get on the year for like you know 45-50 seconds Would you ever call a talk show? What I am in I've been doing this for a hundred years. I would never call a talk show You know what I take that back. I called you once when I was sick because you asked a question that only I knew the answer to Yeah, I'll do for my sick bed in coherent and that was the only call I've ever made to a talk show But I mean that was still when you were working the show though right and it was on the hotline and right Well, that's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about as a call. Would you ever call into a talk show? Exactly W to Q I am hey Yeah, hey pedophile. There's another good one same guy W to Q I am He's gonna do a hello Drive runners five six seven oh five sixty found five sixty on the AT see you're putting these on hold That's a bad mistake. It slows me down Miguel just ignore the phone. I know that's hard to do it just ignore it Just let me handle it. Okay First time ever said to Miguel. Let me handle it. He said okay first time W to Q I am last time. I'm sure that I'll keep yes sir You're pushing the button again without my consent. Oh Oh Reverend Freak and Jones That greasy whole yeah, I'm glad that we were able to actually witness released you were able to witness Reverend Jones one of the most unnazulating Discussing makes me look like goddamn Brad Pitt You're sports radio five sixty two a Well another point My room But I got I I Lost my keys Kilone Cool No Barney 11 next