Don't forget to go on to the website and do your nominations for the dick in the year and the all dick team Just nominate anybody one even if it's me be Zach whoever you can nominate anybody you want I wonder who Neil Rogers would nominate it is his dick in the year. Let's ask him Hey Neil Who are you? Who's the dick in the year? This happened it was that's the I bet it was Robert Creepard on that. Oh, it was me was George done it. I don't know who do you face a dick You don't have time to hold my suggestions. Okay. I got four hours. I listed every day to All kinds of dick's coming around you. I can't Especially in this building man. You don't have to leave the building. I'm telling you dick is our middle name a QI How's that you're gonna be happy to fly the hell out of here on Sunday? Oh, now let me ask you this question What? Because we laid on your shoulder and you know see you haven't been here long enough You're catching on but you're just a little slow on this one. You said we told you I told you that you are a Simon when I leave is getting clearance laid Yeah, and you said oh that's easy that's easy 5-0 bucks show a little me. I'm kind of dinner We're gonna go to the splendid blended and August when you come back You owe me dinner with a 500 pages of subject. I'm telling I fact I will pay 500 bucks to your charity and charity of your choice If you get clearance laid between now when I come back I get listen to me. I I get money. I get that my outfit of thousand. Well, I think for a thousand parents still couldn't get late Not only I would also throw the beast in there, but I wouldn't want to wish that I get that A thousand dollars. I can't imagine the sight of that I get this beast. I can get the beast Like things graveling around in slop. I just can't imagine the thought of that I can get the beast laid tonight. Oh, and I can get the clearance laid I will pick the damn I get it in a life 24 hours all I need and I will get a bothlate In fact, I may get a bothlate and they may end up doing each other No, and see we already got that going on on our website. That's that's not the new your website Maybe the greatest visual thing I've ever it's better looking at 10 house. Oh, this now You didn't see the new picture we had the wedding picture. What's the date on it? Is July 11th? We're gonna turn it right now. Let me look at Joel. No, it's not on there. You got to come on here I know really I'm sure you got to come in here. It's not on there yet. Why is it on there? Because we just got a full number of sick lists I know that your staff all had their cars detailed downstairs by the drug dealers Yeah, yeah Hey man, I'll do they supply you any Chelsea drugs and car one no the gypsy bill pharmacy. I'll never forget that I saw the kid from Miami wearing the gypsy So anyway, hey, Neil have a great weekend and that it was it was really a pleasure meeting you This weekend glad I got a chance to have your man. I'll tell you that well, but welcome you with open arms and legs If I sent you 200 bucks a week, would you send me some Toronto weather in the mail down here? Okay? Thanks Yeah, it's dry day you best I'm gonna give you an update of what took place just now off the air because I think it's important to hear this Howard just called the radio station Howard David who I get along with great. I thought he called me an asshole saying I was trying to stir it up my point back to Howard is don't listen Listen to 101.5. Let me see what age group 101.5 for Howard. Maybe 102.7 It's a measly listening love music so you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids Instead of listening and always calling the radio station. He's becoming Howard the caller like Howard from Boca Howard from Boca It's like you know, it's okay So anyway, he's he's listening so this one to get the message out and don't call my show to just for a record Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you and I don't want to hear you on the private line congratulations. You know the private line number. That's great But don't call because you're not coming on this show you've got you've got your three hours five to eight Monday through Friday you can talk all you want but you're not coming on this show and we'll leave it at that All right, I got nothing against you. You seem like a decent person and I know you've been getting that taken a big hit on the radio station from everybody else But it's over me and you done absolutely okay. Yeah, where does for all have this thing going on our website does he have his own website Hi, well, shouldn't we fight out? From hey Clarence. Oh Clarence is a busy. I'm sure he's on cure. It's getting busy the information in there. Okay. He's getting it all down I'm sure it's the add like to vote for Dick at the year on maga. So I can do that anywhere. I am Veter world will go out there fight out by the way look what I held on to here He doesn't know about it. Well, well, I will We'll tell you when he comes back in anyway George Jose and a apology of major apology before we start to show today a big fat major apology to my good personal friends at city like magazine Can't believe what you said about them the other shameful yeah, do you want to start apologizing now until he comes back I didn't say anything about them except that I didn't read they had you didn't you said that they should only rot in hell And that there are a bunch of asshole that they're promoting a pirate radio and as much as stuff like that I thought you said that I said that Anyway, so come to fight and see that it's not really anybody's fault except to course from inside this building I mean it's so lame So freaking lame if we had anybody paying attention to business and what's going on now They're all whipped up and excited about wow for us got that big piece next week, which is great. I love that Get some good publicity for him and for the station in city link although nobody reads it But the issue last week and it's also the audience the negative audience. I'm always the one our Neil so negative I'm not negative you people are negative Usually before the issue even comes out people are calling us up with what's in it whatnot So the only thing that I got was that page would be best a if the best radio personality and then it's the Schwarzier from the pirate radio station whatever that would go with whoever he was Michael Michael motorcycle And in the meantime, here's a whole section hall of fame and I've asked for days now ever since I've been back I've been asking every day would somebody please fix this thing from the city link and see what that's really all about because They said they did something very nice for you in there and Then you'd have to apologize for George Griffin the mass On so come to fight out that I went because nobody facts didn't nobody mail that to me No nothing so Muff had a good suggestion this morning It's about time you know what I mean absolutely And he said how about going on their website City link magazine calm and sure enough I have a type didn't there and there was and Here's last week's issue Hall of Fame O3 is the section you're finding in and it's and let me just read the thing up front Because I want to like try to get back in her good grace as even though I think you probably spoil it It says when it became apparent a couple of years back that certain categories always produced the same winners in the annual This annual issue we created the city link Hall of Fame to an eight to a noble lemon a more elite best of best of Plain and open up the categories to new talents You following that He distracts a hell out of me. I'll tell you he's just a mean you by the way Carliske got laid last night beiner boy got laid How many times Get out of here yeah four times Four times Who was he? Anyway, we created the city link Hall of Fame to a noble them on a more elite best of plane and open up the categories to new towns the criteria Was simple if unscientific be it a person place we've been cocktail for was a candidate We couldn't imagine publishing the issue without Here then are the inductees from 2000 one in 2002 you'll find this years inductees at the fun of each section got it Got it the Hall of Fame for example waitress rosemary O'Neill at Criolinas in for Lauderdale. I love rosemary. Don't you? Oya she be the best bakery grand for no Fort Lauderdale and then a.m. radio personality Neil Rogers a m560 WQ Not a whole lot at all of them are short Commercial radio doesn't completely suck in south Florida's longest uncle Neil is on the earth's in That's sweet that's a really nice thing and I want to thank my friends at city link profusely even though nobody reads it Thank them a lot because they didn't shine me they didn't ignore me like you were trying to say They must stick it right in me and twist it. Huh? I apologize in addition to which what they're basically saying is that you know if if they were gonna do it honestly That there's certain categories here that would be number one air every single year forever That's not fair. They're pushing the sandwich means we're getting old is what it really means Which is true, but that's a nice touch. Thank you, city link and don't forget this coming next week's issue to have a big peace on for real A speaking of a big piece Beiner boy he's real excited because he got laid four times last night, but what doesn't understand is he's not getting paid this week again What are you looking me like that for? What do you say why is that? Because parents doesn't like you No special reason just parents don't like you. I can't do it to no that he didn't give you the stuff Oh, he didn't get I could have played that for the whole four hours You are so pathetic man. We're we're ecstatic that you got laid 40 times last night, but you're just you're tragic You're tragic you need to be led by the hand you need to be Beiner boy on a leash you need to seriously on a leash In fact, the freaky carolace will take you around on a spike leash a beautiful thing Seriously, you need to be taken around leash. I got your stub right here in the paycheck stub too And I'm looking in here and I'm thinking of myself here for all the belly aching he does and squeezes money out of you and me He's a deathdoo and that bad for a punk You make it a few bucks here Oh Higher Well, I come about 60 cents an hour and a bad. Oh, seriously, you're not doing that bad But I'm talking about for this place, okay for this place Would usually whoever sits in that chair You know, they what they get is like everybody's good wishes. That's what they get I'm painting They get wishes. Well, like if we get done they get everybody's dirty looks is what they get So just to count your blessings. Okay, plus you got lead four times last night. So here's your I'm gonna hold on a wood for a while because otherwise you'll lose it Not seriously don't give him anything that he'll he'll lose a goddamn thing Let me do oh this is great this is fantastic This is gonna be such a good day. This is probably the only call we'll get today because there's nobody here. WQAM deal yes, sir. Please retire. Oh right there. I knew it I knew I was gonna be there for the punch. They'll please retire That is still barking at the moon and it's still there. Thank you very much for being so loyal by the win listening every single minute of every day to the world flaming Neurodjeud He's not crying Oh That's okay Everyone What is it? 2015 already. God damn, I told you this ten to two things was fast. Here could be the silliest facts I've ever gotten in my life and I've covered a lot of territory. From Craig and downtown Miami. You got quite a sense of humor Craig. Hey Neil, please don't go back to Toronto. When you're down here in Miami you're funnier than when you are in Toronto. When you're in Toronto you're all happy and shmit and it's not the same. Here in Miami you're pissed off and rip into people's asses and you can see what Georgian Carlos are doing and stuff. So please stay here in Miami. Please with a bunch of exclamation parts. Hey Marks Craig? No, no. No chance. Please stay here in Be as miserable as the real. We need it. I'll just like that first call right out of the box. You know, this is like I said yesterday is a new one. Replay's retire. Neil, retire. This is the new guy. Just one after another, the passing parade of misfits of misquiet of assholes. Who do you believe me the day when I will retire and I wish it were like tomorrow? They won't know what to do with themselves. Oh no. I can't see. I can't. I'm down here and I can't see what they're doing anyway because Beena board got only knows what he's doing now. Off playing a grab ass with Zach in a hallway. There's another one couldn't get laid and he's married. Didn't he married? I have no idea. Zach. I don't know. I think he is. Does he have a wife? I don't know. I really don't. I don't know. I really don't. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I really don't. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I really don't. I don't know. So Craig, haven't great life. I'm glad that you enjoyed my misery but the answer is absolutely no. It's hot. It's humid. It's boring. It's suffocating. It's the swamp land. See, end of the world. Curtin Orlando says, You're right. Network yesterday on the year. The only one for the day. Have you been able to post it on the website? Please try to get on it was excellent as always. Great show. Well thank you Curtin Orlando, but it wasn't an editorial number one. Number two. It's not on the website because Beena Boy is like, Seriously. You're going to have to bitch him out. Which I'm sure you didn't do it. Oh yeah. I have the phone call for the reason. He's got us get his ass on that chair. He will not listen to me. And listen to hell down. Listen, he will not listen to me. He will not listen to anyone. Really? Listen to reason. Well, you know what? Here's this paste up. It's a stub. It's already in this. I should have just not told him a lot of it. Where did it come from? The stub? Yeah. Clarence. So Clarence is laid it down? Yeah. And in other words, we're a B-N-R-Boy couldn't find it. Yeah, I blew it. We've had a really good thing going there. Then I guarantee him Tia his ass would be in that chair. But anyway, didn't I say we were going to put that on there? And I kind of put it over here where the stuff is that I, you know, and he's oblivious. He's too busy getting laid in crap. He's got his own agenda. He's not going to act exactly right. He's got his own agenda. Like trying to hit the muffin the face with that yo-yo or whatever that was. He was sticking in the muffin face. It muffs, puss. Yo. It was disgusting. So anyway, we will put that on the website. The declaration for the future of America Challenge for George W. Bush. And it's sponsored by ARM in New York. Whatever the hell that means. What does that mean? So what I'm going to do is I'm going to, I'm going to staple it. No, no, seriously, I'm going to staple it to his face that didn't hear. Yeah, and then to his head and then to his ass. And then maybe he's doing his privates and then maybe in the midst of all his exciting exploits. Maybe he'll find it. But I doubt it. That's it. Where did he go? Do you want my theory? Yeah, what's the theory? Is that Kim and he was that old? What was that all about? I gave these people the valaki, which is supposed to only open like, It can turn on the car and it's like, oh, Jesus, Craig, you know, This guy would not time. I am going to see him out. There's a guy out of the overpass named Craig and downtown Miami. One of your friends, no doubt, who faxes me and says, Please don't leave here. Please stand Miami. You're so much more pissed off and exciting when you're down here. I don't want to be here. I can't handle your exploits, okay? Now, I don't want to hear about it. I don't want to know. Sit your ass down in a chair. Take the microwave from the sit down in the chair and shut up. You're making me psychotic. You're making me crazy. So I stapled to your pay stub envelope. Here I stapled a thing that I gave you yesterday, which is what some other facts I wanted to know that declaration for George W. Bush that we were going to put on our website, but of course, You're too busy getting laid. So I stapled it right there it is. Okay, right on top of the monitor there. Keep that in mind. I thought you were going to ever get it, but it's just it's there. Oh my god. How do you how did my it's your like I said, Dr. Frankenstein is your creation? You invented it. It's out of my control. Where the hell did you find it? Well, here's yesterday's pool result. And believe you may, I know what's going on. This today. Every single day you can see the law of diminishing return in this town. All you people in retail by the way, I would like to. So I can say, how do they do it? You know, I don't know. How do they do it? Because they always say in this town, if you're in business, if you don't do the business in most businesses, January through like April, right? If you don't like really do heavy, busy, busy, gigantic business during those months, you're screwed. So if you don't, and then comes like May and June and like right now, come up into July, you have to go through that entire period, praying and waiting, somehow you can survive until the so-called season starts again. In this seasonal horse and buggy town, because there's nobody here now. I could have gone bowling on a highway coming to work this morning. And then I get to like Iv's Dury Road. I get to the stadium thing there on the corner. I get to Iv's Dury Road in generally. Usually it's kind of that tough left turn where they try to give as many people killed as possible. Right. And you know, usually they have to kind of look around and wait a little bit. And all week long, it's been better than usual because it is, you know, holidays now kids are out of school. Everybody's gone, but today it was like the defining moment. There was nobody. There was nobody to my left. There was nobody to my right. There was nobody to my behind. There was nobody in front of me on the other side of the dead end there. There was nobody anywhere. Not even a porcarot is motorcycle. There was nobody. But even a mooney selling flowers. Not even that. I had to get all the way up here in the corner. Bives Dury and 441 till I got to my first homeless voice mob. Not even a black muslim with fires at a no time. That's their corner. Although I guess they've leased it out all the night Fridays to the homeless voice people. They've come to an arrangement. They have a lendalice deal. Yesterday's pool. I'm a woman. Let's take another one on six. Maybe it's the same guy. WQAM. Okay. They're. See what I'm saying? I'm going to get today. That's all we're going to get. So that's two for two. WQAM online nine, which is never real call. Hello. Yes, it is. Is it a real call? Yes, it is. I can't believe you. This is not from. But this is carrying it down to our family. I'm not a stick like Carlos. I mean, they grew a girl. But listen. You ever used to watch the very sandwich show? I hated that show. It was ridiculous. I can't stand him. Because the real last set is because. Because pain equals plenty. And I'm pretty sure George is to watch it with his George. Like it. George hated it. What was wrong with it? I thought it over a weekend. I thought it was. I thought over a memorial deal. When I'm a memorial day. I thought it was great. I got hooked on right away. Well, see that there goes to show you. That's another reason I'm not staying here is because of people with taste like yours. It's an awful show. Okay. Well, you know, I mean, when you're down here, if I go and say it about the facts, when you're down here, it's just great. I mean, you know, no, no, it's not great. It's great for you because you have the feet. Right. I'm suffering. And I don't want to suffer just to make you happy. Good luck. Okay. Craig, I'll see you. 10 number three. Okay. Like the show. I mean, I think I made him feel bad. Good. No, see. I don't take instructions from the audience. I retired. No. Stay here. No. It's a radio show. It's free. Obviously you're loving it. Everyone of you on there, you wouldn't be listening right now. Even Moe is listening. You think a guy like him would all the money he's making, which is like a gift at this point at this stage of his life. You think he'd be like, you know, out there on the course right now, getting ready for a big weekend. I heard him say this morning. He's going to be like playing golf tomorrow on golf on Sunday. And maybe he'll think about coming in on Monday. You know, no, don't bother. I think somebody had it. Who was that suggested that about the car pulling? Chris Ferrell was saying he wants to get a limo to bring him from Boca back and forth every day. And somebody said, hey, just have a car pulling with Moe. Right. And boy, you should have seen a look on his post. He was just going nuts. Somehow he can't envision himself and that explorer. I think I'm from Boca that long hour ride with Moe. And then, of course, Moe would have to record our way to Rondal 10 every day. They wouldn't have to drive the explorer. Now they could drive the Jaguar. You could get a hover limo. Is the matter, fact, for well-considden the back seat and pretend that Moe was his limo driver. Huh? And let Moe give much of a driver on a way out. That would be good. Anyway, here's the pull from yesterday. I know I'd get around with sooner later. Which of these statements is the most ridiculous? 1637 votes pretty heavy duty for nobody being here. George W. Bush is a great leader. 787 found that most amusing. The most ridiculous statement of the mall. Pieces coming in the middle east. 276 of you said that's ridiculous. George is a great villain for Neil. 208. Moe Howard David has a great show 185. Think his show is just absolutely pathetic. The Marlins will win 91 games 85. Clarence our program director will get laid this year. 53. Confidence is booming now for Clarence. It's starting to move up a little bit. And, or is that no see that actually that's not good is it? He'd be better off if he weren't last play. Right. And the forl is got a pleasant voice 43. So forl once again, it comes out smelling like a rose. Sounding like a razor blade but small and like a rose. Not a rose is lovely is boner boy and he's like covered from head to toe with cashmere Boke and what's that baby. Baby clone. Baby clone. See I'm going to clone this summer probably he's going to baby clone. It's right next door. So forl's got a pleasant voice in last place which is a positive forl forl he just love him there obsessed with it and I think that's great. It's about time. We're having a great time here Craig under the overpass. Chronicle Craig. So leave me alone. We got two poles today one early and then the other one forl later when the show And through the weekend. And then we got to talk about the hot couples contest. We got 50 billion votes on air. Inter like a 20 million vote. That's a movie. Last time I checked it say humongous response. Too bad it's not a close race although it's a very close it's tight for second. Right. I mean it is nip and tuck you couldn't put a curly hair in between those two couples. But anyway speaking of couples this is general and we sponsor anything that we've had on there and I probably forgot some which picture on our website you like best. Moist grew as Neil swinging mo is what we call that okay. Mozot the clown. Squorley mo. Hareless toothless mo which was the that preceded mo the mozot the clown. Muscle bound deal God that's the brand new one it's on there now. Clarence and the beast although we have a new Clarence and the beast but that won't be up there in time for this pull. But when you see that. With the wedding date and the whole deal love. I think for all should have that wedding on here on his show. Right. That would be big. Forget about that Marlon game the other night. Clarence and the beast Mo and Gildy. Doing a tango. That's a lovely thing very very tight. The titty picks on the hot couple contest. And I hate them all because we always have to put some really. Yeah. And they're just just to keep a lot of you at best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're gaining a pet. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. The best you're 10. the evolved park and then of course with the Joe Rose and Moe episode and just a whole bunch of crap that came down this way. Lucky you. And B.D. Boyle finally getting laid and running around. He's got a big sign here. You got laid and paid. Late and paid. Oh, maybe. Oh, here's this thing sitting up here by the way, you're a thing is coming here now and take this. So come, get in really nervous because it's only 10 30. But knowing you, you'll never remember by two o'clock to get that. Stick it to your stick in your pants by 11 35 god. So anyway, watch the reading. Excellent movie last night and you had seen it where you forgot about it. Right. Neither one of you ever gave me it for the list. Put it on my list by the way when you get around to it. Yeah. It's all written in the big bucks now. Sleepers. I just give it to Muff to a watch over the weekend along with the directors cut of Reckling for a dream. Which, unfortunately for him he went to. I'll say it again. I don't know why any. You see you're wrong. But what? Oh, and I also want to say thanks to my good friends at Circuit City. I went and bought some crap there last night. That's a great place. It's all right. I mean, granted it's not like a teaming with customers and maybe you might pay a little bit more than you do at some other places. But you could create service. They're friendly. I got to see your camera. They got tremendous selection. Whatever you're looking for, they got it. And on a way out, the guys just made you find everything you were looking forward to. You get the good service. I said great. These just thanks for coming and have a good night. Depending on what it is, their prices are as good as best buy. Well, there you go. I'm going to start shopping at Circuit City. We're very nice to me. They're last night. And you know, when, and that counts for a lot plus plus they had what I was looking for all of the merchandise. I was just getting some like cables for, you know, redoing my 85 satellite dishes and DVD and all that stuff. And, you know, a few other technical things and some cartridge and cartridges. And they had exactly what I was looking for. And they were very helpful. And what a pleasure as opposed to walking into certain stores. I don't want to mention Best Buy. Which I used to love. It was seriously Best Buy was great when they first opened. Right. And then they got too big for my bridges. You know what I mean? In other words, now, oh, you want to get waited on, well, go over there and stand by the counter and be a good boy and just don't move. Just stand there and looking about an hour or two. We'll come over with our ladder and we'll get that thing off the top shelf for you. Right. If you're lucky. But I will say that if you're buying DVDs, there's no excuse all the belly of candy. You were whining about them. Well, I don't know where to go. They've got this plenty of DVDs at Circuits City. Right. Plenty more at Best Buy. Price very nicely by the way. But don't think I don't look there. DVDs are very expensive in Toronto. If you want to watch the week to Best Buy to look at DVDs. Well, there you go. But anybody that goes to I don't want to start ripping muff because, you know, he's in such a good mood. But don't be going to blockbuster. I mean, little little kids go to blockbuster. People don't want to read that Harry Potter book. They go to blockbuster. No, you're like my second poll today. You want to know why? Well, in fact, I'm going to give it to you right now. Give it to me. Not that. Oh. Oh, see. We got the first one up because I don't want to go back to it. Is there a cut to first pull up or is he still stuck on it? Oh, the one. We got a lot of stuff. You better start moving and feed Eric. You got to keep up with me today. We got a lot of crap to do here. The second poll, which we'll get up on we're good and ready when we're done with the set of one. Which of these are you the most sick and terrible hearing about? And guess what's it? What inspired me for this poll? The first thing on here. Harry Twater. The new Harry Twater book. I, you know, I'm glad that little kids are reading books that's great. It's a wonderful thing and J.R. J.K. Rowling, whatever her name is. They had her on the other day and I'm ecstatic that she's doing so great. It's a scam. They're not good. Well, I want what I know. You're the one with the kids. Right. And I'm telling you not even good. They're not good. So, there was this is like the McDonald's of book reading. They have it. You're fluffy words like Sniffers Snack. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Holy witches. That's all they got. Yeah. That's, that's the appeal. Isn't that the story that I bought you? It's very good. And there's nothing interesting going on there. So there you go. So which of these are you the most sick and terrible hearing about the new Harry Potter book? The Hillary book. Matrix. Reality TV shows. The Middle East Roadmap. Scotland, Lacey Peterson. Weapons of mass destruction. The Florida Marlins. Golf or Neal's movie shows. That's a good one. Do I do it? I do a pull man. When I had a pull man, I had a little with Karen Love. So you believe me. Believe me. It's a wrap. I don't understand this facts at all from Andy in the Utica. How about mentioning the forget about it game? You should be able to kill an hour with it. Does forget about it game? Forget about it. I'm going to play a monopoly game. Am I going to play one night? Am I age now? No. No. All right. There you go. I plan. Lacey. It showed up. It's in a bunk. We need to see these boxes around here. It's in one of these boxes. I don't want to play it. You don't want to play it. No. So forget about it. I want to play forget about it as much as I want to read the Harry Potter book. So that's a real revelation here from George who knows his literature. He said the Harry Potter book not only is it overblown, but it sucks. How do you like that? Just like McDonald's. Same thing. See when the masses start gravitating to something, then you know it probably blows right. That's the bottom line. That's the key to keep in mind. Okay? When the masses start loving it, when the media starts hyphenate like crazy, then you know what reminds me of? What the hell is the name of that scooter thing? The segue. The segue that the presents allow for. This is going to change the way we live our life. Oh my god. Am I right? This is going to change the way that people live. They are freaking segue. It's inventing so sensational. The thing won't even tell us what it is. What it does. Where does stick it? God. Why walk when you can stand for five grand? And move from here to that wall to about half an hour. If you have good balance. I mean, what the hell are they talking about? And there's so many of you out there, man. They snap their fingers. And you're right there. All lined up ready to turn over your heart and cash. Don't forget, sleepers is a damn good movie. It was the water cash. Let me see because I gave it to him off. So I never front me. He had Brad Pitt, Dustin Hoffman, Jason Patrick. Kevin K. Bacon. Let me do it. Sorry. Well, I was listening. I think that was about it. And what's your name was in a two? What's your name? Oh yeah. With a frizzy hair. Fills dealer. Not fellas dealer. You know what I'm talking about? What's that? What's her name? You know what I'm talking about? There he goes. She was in drugs to her cowboy. Lara. No, no, no. You know who the hell was in it? Go run any other woman get the box from tough. Okay. Me and a boy get the guy damn box. Oh, I wouldn't see him over. That's right. He's he's got to go out and check with a belly parking guy. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. It's car wash. This is the only punk ever known in my life who it makes a major project of the giving it. It's car wash. God is he for that. Did you like him out? No. Yeah, how you didn't. Anyway, wait till I get to this piece here. This and I don't want to get the mad dog upset him because we get along so great. But there's a thing that I must disagree. I did not just bring it in here real quick. Okay. Just bring it in here. Don't make a big project out of this and then give it back to that man. Okay. So I got with the glasses that was laughing his ass off. Who's in this now? Oh, look at the size of that print. Oh What's your name? Mini driver. Oh, that many drivers that many driver. She's good. She was good in this. I mean, she and her role was like not, you know Suspice by tack. And then she was kind of like in a background. But she was good. Wasn't many driver in the drugstore cowboy? Am I dreaming that you're dreaming that? Yes, she was. She was. She was not. What was the other movie she was and I just got through a scene? I don't know. I don't know. Hardly you knew. Good. We're hunting like I said, but you didn't say it's not mad. Damon was in. I think he's a fact. It was you know that Damon was in that movie that I can't think of the name of with a point of identity with who that other one will find out. It's good movie. About the Gulf War. Oh, really? Well, you were a hype in before right. I can't think of the name of it. I like my team a lot. But anyway, so many drivers in this and I mentioned all the other ones in the denier on it. It's give it back to the up because if you hang out, it would he'll never see it again. I need to rely. Excellent movie. How come nobody ever mentioned that before? We forgot what a cast. How can you forget what a cast like that? Yeah, like I'm a schmuck. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless long. We're going to take a look at that hot couple's contest. The votes are pouring in on that thing. I mean just pouring in and some of them even real. Perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language today is the word out of all of the English words that begin with a letter F. Because the only word that is referred to as the F word it's the one magical word. Just by its sound can describe pain, pleasure, hate and love. As most words in the English language is derived from German, the word frequently which means to strike. In English, f*** falls into many grammatical categories as a transit of verb, for instance, John F*** surely. His meaning is not always sexual. It can be used as an adjective, such as John's doing all the f***ing work. As part of an adverb, surely talks to f***ing much. As an adverb, enhancing, and adjective, surely is f***ing beautiful. As a noun, I don't give a f***. That's part of a word, absolutely f***ing loosely, or in f***ing credible. And as almost every word in a sentence, f***ing f***ing f***ing. As you must realize there aren't too many words with the verse of telephoto f***. As in these examples describing situations such as fraud, I got f***ing the used carolot. This may, off f*** it. Trouble. I guess I'm really f***ing now. A aggression. Don't f*** with me, buddy. This missile. Why don't you go outside and play hide and go f*** yourself? I'm sure you can think of many more examples. Say it loudly and proudly. F*** you. Absolutely. 14 till 11 at 5.64. Beena boy, more problems. Somebody in the building had a one-man centimmy by name, but somebody gave him something to put in his computer and it, you know, screwed you. Scoot your computer all up. So we're going to have a wait for the bedtime stories now, and that damn beautiful declaration thing that I mentioned before, have to wait till he's good and ready, till he can sort out his life. Why do you let these people do these things? Don't you understand the sanctity of this whole operation here and you're letting people from the outside pollute our website? Dittle with our middle? Throw them with them. What have you started? You haven't done a very good job explaining to him how important these things are to me and how aggravated I get, especially like when I f***ing hold much of stories of other clock on Saturday morning and about two o'clock the next morning they wind up on our website. I will do it again. Here's we already got a lot of votes on this pool which is amazing to me. 113 votes which picture on our website do you like best? Scorley Mo 21, Musclebound Neal God. Dittle good. 20. Titty picks on a hot couple of contests. 19. Most screws Neal, O'L Swing and Mo 18. It's a good battle here. I hate all them 15. I hate all of them 15. Mo and Geldy 12. Mo's O' the clown four. I thought would not Moza would have been better than that. I thought morphing Mozo that morphs from just plain old fruity clearance and the beast three and hereless toothless mo only one. I thought that was a work of art. The one that preceded the Mozo with the missing hair and the missing teeth. Sure. But that was asked to finish. That's only got one vote. Well that's the first 113. Okay. That's we're off to the races till noon with that pool and then we'll get to this other one. I think there's going to be a lot of people take issue with you and I'd Harry Potter thing. I could be wrong. I think they're getting really pissed off and fired up about those comments you made. Okay. Let me take a peek and we don't have to dwell on this because you got until Monday morning a 10 o'clock. The hot couple's contest, Frank and Liz have varied the competition. They've got a shovel out and they just dug a big hole and they're in there with Sheridan and the rats and those bananas. Frank and Liz got 858 votes. Greg and Stephanie have moved into second. It's very, very tight for second place which of course is important because the really two good prizes are one and two. Am I right? Right. Greg and Stephanie 392 and right on their ass Brian and Natasha 388. So it's only a four vote spread. Speaking of spread, Mary and Shane 274. It's a long ways to how he endearing 271. Mike and Kristen 250. Ian and Jen 223. Danny and Michelle 175. Captain Singham is wife 131. Vicki and Mick 124. Dan and Sherry 65. Rich and Cheryl 55 and Jody and Kevin with that Cp atone. Have only 27 bad photography. Right. Right. I'm going to be just don't like them. I don't know. But anyway, they only got 27 out of 3233 votes. Pretty damn impressive since we ever delayed a whole day and as Niggas started until Tuesday morning. Right. Right. 3233. So we've already surpassed last contest total and in that contest we had Amy and Erin. I just mentioned in passing which was no small potatoes and I'll see it again. I saw your lady on channel seven again this morning. She still looks like a monkey. She did not look good. She still got a monkey post. Jackie, what's your name? Johnson. Jackie's Johnson? I don't know if she had one. I mean she's okay. I'm not saying she's the ugliest bitch ever seen in my life. But she is not you people out there. You guys are really desperate. Uh-huh. I'm I'm Tonya. Like George. And that's the reason that you're so foaming at the mouth about Jackie Johnson. You can go out of the guy damn song rest mall right now. The Broward Mall, Dayland. Oh yeah, any place. And within two minutes, you'll see 15 beautiful luscious babes who make Jackie Johnson look like a bottom of Clarence's Anis. I'm I'm Tonya. She's just not that great. I'm not saying she might be the very very nice person. Huh? I don't know. Or not. She may be a bitch. I don't know. Or she. And I'm not saying she's grotesque. But when you look, when you're gonna make a fuss about somebody like I did you about Brittany when she was on a cover while he's stolen like two years ago and you didn't know her from God damn broccoli spirit. And you're in so holy crafty old man's right. Take a look at that. Take a look at those. Yeah. That's right. Fussworthy. You've heard of a Jeff Foxworthy. How about finding somebody who's fussworthy? When I can make a fuss about Tom Brady for crying out loud, that's because he's worth fussing over and with. I'd like to fuss with it. But uh huh? That's what you need to make a fuss. No. And what about that in folky guys? Is that in Rikai? Now listen, here's here's an article and I don't want to dwell on a cause I don't know nobody cares, but it's just in the mad dog today's doing a show out at the Hooters and Pepper Pines 2 to 4. Hank 4 to 7 in the studio at the Marlins of the Tampa Day, a bay devil right? Oh my god. Pretty embarrassing. Two teams that have no business been in business. But the mad dog has got on his show as his guest and he doesn't do guests. Right? He hates guests, but Don 12 will us and I apologize I had no idea who that was because I don't follow the Marlins. So the other day I said who the hell is that a basketball guy? It sounds like a basketball name. Doesn't it? Don 12? You don't have no baseball guys named Don 12, but you do now. He's the 21 year old black hit. It's the great Marlins pitcher. The pizza one hit or Monday night against the match. Okay. So here's the deal. Mad dog's going to be talking with him. I guess he won't be a guest. He'll be just be shmoosen. I'll make it okay. Okay. Right. But there's an article in the Herald this morning in the sports section. It says, and I heard the mad dog say yesterday, this is what inspired me to mention this. That now people have a reason to go out to the ballpark. In other words, and this suggesting once again, we've been down this road a million times, you know, over and over and over and over. Maybe not a million, but yeah, times first it was going to be Alex Fernandez because of his Hispanic roots. And then it was going to be this one. And then it was going to be that one. And it was going to never happen. Never paned out. There weren't three extra people in there. So maybe Ferrell was in there with a bunch of scancet net night. But it says TV ratings are way up every time Willis pitches. But he hasn't had any impact on attendance. Monday when he pitched that one hit or against the match. As you know, the attendance was 10,624. And again, keep in mind, these numbers are bogus. They're over their inflated. In his previous started pro player statement, two nothing shut out of the Oakland A's. He do the smallest crowd in the six game stretch 10,000 140 95 year old manager Jack McKeean says he's getting some national attention. The TV ratings are starting to go up. But he hasn't had a big crowd here. Saturday night by the way, we'll be pitching here against the devil raised. There's one good reason to go out there and see it, but they won't. I don't think. Willi. No. And George, though, he would have what I'm talking about. But he knows the answer. See, you don't have to know the question. But if you know the right answer, that's what counts. Like on a quishio. And the answer is, no, right. That's the correct answer. So, you know, all you people don't want to keep trying, oh, that's going to be great. They're going to be coming out there. They're going to be standing online. And it's going to be like the line that for Elhead here yesterday or two days ago. Five. That McGill boy, talk about any emotional spickman comes rich rushing into, well, they're lining up. There's a line out here. And I envision, I don't know about you, but I envision there's like a hole because, you know, how many times have I been involved in these radio things where they invite people to come down like it like it's data? So actually it was before it was I-95. And they got into a whole big scene with that for Elhead. Love that because they invited kids to come down and they're underwear. And they were given away tickets for concert. You know, it was like right. Since nighttime show. Yeah, teenage years. You know, nine year old. No, not little kids. That little kid's. Punks, teenage kids. You know, come down in your underwear. We got tickets for some, what was concert. And they did. They showed up in your underwear. And then, of course, somebody called a cops and a cops came into the building. And it was like a whole big scene in the song of the end. And it was great. And they got about $50 million worth of publicity from it. But there were a number of people in the building was unbelievable because I was already on the other end of the building on I and Z at that time doing nights. Now, did I go and take a peek? Not to me. Well, of course not. Pairs go. Yes, I did. But I mean, they were like a zillion kids in there. Okay. There were a lot of people. But here there was like five people lined up and Miguel actually like, oh my god, you wouldn't believe it. Oh, we had to magnify. Yeah. All the results like the with the polls kind of like most ratings. We have to multiply times three and add a couple extra points and then go set up a little bit and then check their herpes. Oh, speaking of herpes, if you we should, you should have tape when he wasn't looking. You should tape the visas morning talking about that bogus dreamy claimed. claimed he had a dream. He ran into Mo on a park and lied had a big verbal brawl with him. Yank the wig off his head ran over to Kentucky fried and Mo chased him over to Kentucky fried. I mean, what kind of crap was he sucking on at the ballgame the other night to beast? Huh? He must have been sucking on some illegal jungle juice or something because he was just crazy as a bedbug, more so than usual. Because I walked into middle of an I thought, what what happened that I missed a dream? He had a dream. I think we're got him emotional as when we started showing those pictures in clearance and that love and that lip lock. Oh my god, and wait till you people see that new one. Now, if you got this thing going or not, no. What is he saying? Half a half. That means no. See, this is another good reason for me not to be here. I mean, the fact that I have to watch this, that I have to be expected to this grow test episode again. Day after day after day, I lost my keys, my valley key doesn't work. Timmy has stuck something in my slot and now it's all screwed up. Well, just on and on and on and the best part but he doesn't care because he got laid last night and paid today. Payed today, laid last night of man who's got his priorities in order. Oh, you're never going to pay. You'll never pay. Well, we've searched so long with dizzy. If he's alive, we're dizzy. It's driving us insane. Where and can my fortune can he that's one Honda catch Iraki where the hell's the Donald saying? Is the unamaged event of any changes gender at a hospital in Spain? All they believe didn't try to swap his holes for all the China where the hell's the Donald saying? I'm like, we are sick and play, make it right, we're not good guys. What does that thought really kind of make you sick? Smith golf my way. I'm kind of sorry. He's a loose assi and cunning. The dictator keeps running without his candy cane. He still looks every and early but his voice is kind of girly where the hell's the Donald saying? Well, I like the ending on that. That's a beautiful thing. This is disgusting. The what what Ken think it says the mother of a K-team from Queens is suing the city. Same with girl was humiliated and harassed after wearing a Barbie is a lesbian t-shirt to school. In the suit filed yesterday in Manhattan Federal Court Kathleen Hodges accused the city officials at middle school 210 in ozone park a failing to protect her daughter Natalie young 14. The lawsuit would cease unspecified damages says that Natalie's right to free speech was violated when she was sent home last year and more and she'd be suspended if she wore the t-shirt to school again. I try to be funny she told the daily news. I've worth assured to many other places and people always saw humor in it But it was no joke to teach her John Mason who called the shirt inappropriate ridicule Natalie in front of her classmates April 10th of last year coin to the lawsuit. Natalie was then escorted out of class brought to acting principal John calories office where she was held for three hours before being sent home for the rest of the day. She was removed and detained solely on the basis of an arbitrary and big interview of a team of school administrators said attorney Ronald Kubey who's representing Natalie. The lawsuit also charges to Natalie with the once ordered Remove Rainbow colored beads from her hair and was told by a school counselor it was not normal for her to ask girls out like on dates Okay Well why not if she's a dick what would they she's supposed to ask God I like a monkey the pee teacher. Oh Probably what things so if I probably just about any teacher of the female persuasion Okay, we got a couple of problems a McGirlas crawled around on a floor in there Which I don't want to tell you the details, but there's some I mean being a boy similar Different body same mentality different body. Oh, by the way McGirlas always liked him. I guess what he told me Jackie Johnson he reasonably very very overrated and Here's another fact see you you thought and I thought I thought I thought I didn't even say that on the year because I thought I'm gonna say there's that old Fag again. He don't know Here's another fact. It says you are absolutely correct Absolutely about Jackie Johnson. She is out of proportion average face and she will though She likes Joe Rose has the scoop on her ass Kim. I can't say dark me in the near no I'll ask him no ask your rose sure He'll tell you So there you go with all your Jackie Johnson fan. This is like I said if you're gonna get emotional about somebody If somebody is possible and they better look pretty damn good if you're gonna make a fuss. I'm going to the mall You know what I'm saying is true. Oh absolutely But nobody if the mall is doing the one edition which there is a She blonde because I don't watch the local lose that much. It's depressing Oh, and that Jackie Nesprough and like I said lose some way Jackie okay you're starting to really put some moves on air Some heavy duty moves as in big fat ones She's growtask Jackie Nesprough and she's one of your people But there's a blonde the news anchor lady on one local channels. I can't think of what her name is she She looks like Marilyn Monroe compared to Jackie's Johnson you're home talking about what is her name is she on six four or six Who's the hot blonde it so does the news Miguel on channel four or six See he don't know he don't watch that he's watching channel 53 51 69 He's watching 69 Let's see oh he's watching channel seven yeah figures No, don't you know I'm talking about I mean really a knockout. She's beautiful and everybody oh Jackie Johnson It it like just like the Rascal house, okay? I'm embarrassed for you. But I waited the guilty of the guy the 10 bucks back at the mobile place anybody know I never heard any I'm hearing more about what I've achieved and do it You didn't do you cheap little Jew bastard you I can't believe that this guy kind of some Porsche Moksimilegal alien up the street there out of ten bucks at mobile and he knew he Given too much change you probably just kind of let it ride and oh they'll forget about it All though maybe he did do it early in the show. Do you think? Join Mark of the Jill and Mark show tonight from oh he's gonna be there all by himself Mark Eisenberg Who wants to see him or you and Miguel be there too? Well, it makes up for it six to wait at the south Florida fairgrounds at 967 7 full of utter waspom beach for the maroonie use car sales events stop by to win Marlon tickets and other prizes as well and Because they're paying a relatively low fee The beast will be out tomorrow afternoon from noon. You'll two of the grand opening of West Marine Because they can't afford any of our like big-time celebrities like beiner boy So the beast is gonna be there and it's a tour clock and they're 2300 South federal highway and four-living Stopped when our usual very low budget prizes enjoy free food with a Atlantic city Southern good stuff That's at the grand opening of West Marine 2300 South federal and four-living real two tomorrow to see the beast take a peak Ask him about that wetting date with him and clearance. I can't wait for that. I will come back for that special Well you bring up gift No, but I will be the best man Oh, in fact, and that might be the only man in that trio Here's one that says kudos to beiner boy. How you know what I've computer by the way. Is he got out straight now? It's working very slowly. It's working but slowly. Okay, he's making a little bit of progress. Okay. Don't get pushy all you bastards out there They want to see those really great bedtime stories including one about where this smoke and pot downtown or front the police station in Toronto now and blowing the smoke in the cops face It's a great stir. We've got a lot of really good stories on there. Maybe if you live long enough He'll actually get him on the website Anyways, his kudos to beiner boy and recommending the way of the gun was on iFC last night And I have it in my Toronto place haven't watched it yet. It says the movie is out standing. How do you like that? I missed it. Have a safe trip. Yati, yati, yati George you rock have a good weekend. Well, this is a great fact. I like that somebody that's happy And I try to bring us down because they don't want a really good mood and everybody here at Qm is just kicking ass and putting each others What does this me on what's that a nice facts like that? Oh, I don't know how to screw you guys. Okay Which picture on our website you like the best muscle bob Neil god 40 we got a hundred ninety nine votes in about 10 seconds uh, squirrely mow 36 the titty pics on the hot couple contest 32. I thought that what's your name had some nice Mellon's what the what was your name? Mary Mary Mary Mary had a nice smile Yeah, she's grinning. Well actually and I her hooters are grinning actually that picture Then I said yesterday who the hooters are smiling Titty pics on the hot couple contest 32. I hate all on 32 Most screws Neil swing in mode 25. Well and guilty 20. Moes of the clown only eight Through the clearance of the beast only five see I guess that's an inside thing They don't know people away. We know them. That's good point and hairless toothless moe only one Volca Brian's gonna be crushed after all the work he did in that picture Which was the predecessor to Moso the clown? He's gonna be crushed on that So at noon we'll take this thing down now. And we'll put up the important poll about what he's sick and turn up And if you want to argue with George about Harry Potter go ahead You will get some flash, which is good That's more, but you can talk about that all summer long. Good for these people who are crap And I do know what you mean about those ridiculous words because when they did this piece with JK Rowling They were like quoting about the super a fantastic delicious, you know all these The bizarre that's it. Yeah, that's all there is to it. That's all it's there. bunch of fluff WQAM not nobody there see and he just keep bringing it look at two eventually a couple of hours WQAM Pretty good sir. I just got to say love you baby. Yeah Okay good one there's a call for you. He's ringing it and ringing it and ringing it. Love you baby Right? Absolutely five six seven oh five sixty boy you talk about love and like I said I don't expect any real calls today Because I realized that they're all gone now. This must be and of course isn't the first day of summer like this weekend 21st So it's summertime I let me put it to this way and I don't want anybody to feel bad, but if you're in town right now It's because you have no choice You're on the verge of getting out Just raise my hand way up in here You can't afford to get out of here right or you must be like I said you got no choice for work for something something We are keeping you here economic hostage you're in the you're like a like Jose can say go you're under house arrest You're in firm like back away and you know just take it out of the house Hi, how are you people with a goddamn crane through the roof? They can't get you out But other net there's nobody here trust me. What did you QAM? Yes, sir God speaking Do you know I think Jackie Johnson pulls a check-a-land hide in the morning to Jackie Johnson and then he's evening to bread a vancuster Okay There and you see I thought I would get so much crap on this because I was the one that dared to say and who to how am I You know I'm supposed to know what a great looking guys. I'm telling you man I went if I see something but if I ever told you about a really hot looking chick and you said oh she's grow test ever try to think no no No, but you see and of course I'm not trying to get him so I can afford to be really picky Follow him say I want to but I'm really picky with guys too and tell you be amazing. You're picky huh you are picky yes although not David Man, Damon is hot. Okay. I don't care what you say see even be here. Was that and I You know and of course we know that he got laid four times with a female last night being a boy we think He I'm telling you and you know who did it you know who gave him the inspiration it's for real Scott fact God Scott Scott's gonna get everybody more action when he's around I'm serious. It's just a he exudes that kind of thing You know he just exudes hornyness and everybody just running out and grabbing all kinds of crap and getting all kinds of diseases Oh yes And that's how what I had in mind not much it's called monkey around Pax that's what it's called too much monkey around too much monkey business Pax like I'm called the only set So anyway, being a boy is working on in there and they're computer too Enough was right this has been a sput a great week I could sit here and lie and say oh boy I was really horrible being here and the weather has sucked and it poured like crazy in a way home yesterday It was like the end of the world. I'm so used to it. You know when I leave here It's gonna be like the John's time of flood. It's gonna be the end of the world every day every guy damn day But it's quite of all of that it's been a really great week, but let's not push our luck in one of me That's not try to carry a good thing too far So we decided that Harry Potter sucks and Jackie Johnson sucks too so Says Joe Rose right Is that what your roast said? Absolutely no that's not what he said at all. I'd see there you go again He was saying something about he a meteorite and they work at channels That's right. They don't work in the same well, maybe they had like a hole Try to get out of there. We took a seat together. They went to Thanksgiving dinner and she liked the dark meat and he ate the breast right the leg Hey speaking of that what a great segue if you're on the acorns diet and I think Turkey bone could be on the acorns dad or any other kind of bone Acorns dad or any of the low-carb sugar free diet. You need to know that delights a West book is a story Gonna fall in love with because it's the world's number one low-carb store with over nine hundred low-carb and sugar free products The lights introduces new ones every month in this month No exception at the lightstripping the new low-carb instant cup of soup just add water and microwave It's a great low-carb meal in the cup four delicious flavors check out the new simply low-carb muffins for quick breakfast or your own individual size cheesecake Also the almond snack cakes, blondies and six different flavors the at last brand chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars and the great news is no Multitall maybe thank God They got a brand new kind of sweeter than doesn't have that elaxid effect that my mommy would be so excited with they have Carboreite ready to drink chocolate and vanilla shakes. It's a low-carb meal in a can do these low-carb peanut brittle under oh You hear that No, Judy's low-carb peanut brittle great taste low-in curves. Maybe next time I'm here Mm-hmm and no let's go down to get a low-carb hot cocoa apple cider blondies and brownies and a great selection of low-carb pasta Soss's dressing chips chocolates in their famous carbolite ice cream too you can try before you buy it at the lights They're open every day 10 to 10 you'll find them on the northeast corner of glazed in 441 right next to Boston market and prestigious Boko where for real and Moorly of column tool free one eight seven seven low-carb or shop them on the web at low-carb.com That's the lights of us book and please don't forget it's your official atkins retail Senate We're sports radio five 60s you a Yeah Why do you best it? Since you are seductive sexy Shadatella and a little musky stinky and smelly Shadatella isn't it Yeah the french fragrance for men and women that will leave you saying I think I've smelled this before It's the 11 16 don't we always say that one screw-in comes in here. Uh-huh. We smell that before and hopefully that we never smell it again Here's another fact that says hold on your seat Jackie Johnson is extremely overrated underline several times Two TV hoties are Lisa Patrillo and Glenn and Millbury is one of those the ablanum thinking about See I don't know the names because the news here on TV is so bad. I enjoy a CFTO and Toronto so much I'm of course it's a much bigger market but I mean like professional news people you know Like a real newscast as supposed that I'm here with like you know grandma's I mean I'll tell you I tried watching six because we do like Joe Rose especially after last Saturday's performance when he bitched out mo You know what I mean? Absolutely but What's your name? Jennifer sloppy Velapi Yeah, I can't deal with her. I can't stand her. She's got an ego bigger than the whole town I did one time say something nice about that travel series. She did on travel channel when they were schlepping her all through Italy That was a good series and then she sent me kind of like a very formal stiff You know, thank you for the nice comments. It's sticking up your ass. You remember that She thinks her stuff don't stay her in the Tony cigarette And of course, could you take him seriously? It's like when they made Cambrella remember our channel four right used to be six They made Cambrella Martian a news guy I mean Is there anybody Anybody would take him seriously? No, I'm much less I'm just talking to see him and being much less than who no Cambrella my nice guy, but give me a break And that's the big thing in his town first you're a sports dude. Then you're a news guy. Yeah Tony cigaretteo silly Tony And The problem is because these people smooth with everybody in the business and they have all of these you know like Hank and mad dog and Jimmy Siffles and all these guys in cigaretteo. There are all of these football shows you know on four and six and ten and it They're like it's like a little fraternity so that they doesn't say nothing negative about each other If I don't say but I have no a Instagram one way or the other So I will just tell you right now. I can't stand channel six news. I think it blows it blows Channel seven news. We know blows big time channel four isn't even I wouldn't even dignify by calling a newscast Now that they brought tackling Angela Ray back from New York Don't play that please. I'll make me nausea. Absolutely. So what does that leave you leave you channel 10 I don't want to see a bad guy. I know is eating a ass. You know I don't want to see that Spad enough I have to see George in here all the time because we know he's eating ass Police I'm not here most of the time but I'm sure I got much right in waterdale Since he shaved the mustache off. He looks about 20 years older and he looks like he looks like like Steppenfetched He's ridiculous. You know think he's ridiculous. I can see it in such a long time and And don't give me a saw that it's about me talking about how other people look that crap again because I'm not on television I have a face at a body for radio. I know my place Yeah, I belong on radio not on television who I would want to look at my post God what a thought so I just put it up on the bulletin board then what's that your post Because a lot of people are interested especially now that and for else it I had the most beautiful one in history It's red. Oh and guess who we got a a facts from who's having lunch with fat boy. I don't want to see See from here. Okay See it wasn't just kind of Lisa. We're gonna do mm like that We're just gonna do a lot of stuff like pretty soon Like you know that Jackie Johnson she likes hmm according to Joe Rose Really yeah Joe said right Absolutely five six seven oh five sixty so we got Jackie Johnson going here today and we also got Perry's Potter Where's that damn thing I got all my bedtime stories screwed up here. Oh, you know, I do want to do this please This gives us a little bit of hope Senate panel and this will be on our website if Vibina is it We got that straight out as a go and like full force now where I know Men's of insa it's going slowly slowly. Well surely we'll get a minor when he's good ready Unless he gets a chance to get laid again before noon like maybe if clearance comes in here and drop some Senate panel passes build over a rule FCC media ownership rules a Senate panel voted yesterday to overturn decision by FCC that would loosen restrictions on US media ownership to Senate commerce committee the decision now goes before the full Senate But it is not clear if there are enough votes to pass the bill and either the Senator to the House However Several Republicans have joined with Democrats in opposing the FCC rules which do not need congressional approval It can be effectively vetoed by Congress. That's the good news. We got our fingers and legs crossed and they know the details It's on our website to all story. I just thought I would mention that a little bit of good news a little bit of hope a little bit of hope Maybe That goddamn colon poll junior their Michael Powell the chairman of the FCC and all these other two Republican Nazis are Gonna just hand a key to the kingdom over to the Lower Maze in a clear channel Great read was just in here by the way first time I seen greater log time and he said right Hey, you yeah, mention something about you again Now actually he seemed to be in a pretty good mood He's real happy he loves for a man. He's got blow up dollars. He's got the whole deal. He loves Ryan rightfully so I mean, you know you watch Greg's stumble and fumble and bumble along and screw up all sorts of things and then finally It's like my old axiom there if you throw enough crap up any or some middle come back and hit the ground it'll stick and I think this stuck So far and of course it's sticky It is very sticky on a feral shell. That's what they said at the ballpark too a lot of rumors about that Oh, I should have mentioned that earlier all that history that was going on in here yesterday and be in a voice Start in all these rumors. Oh, this better not get out in the air. Oh, there was there was no big deal there For all us throw on the first pitch out of the game on Sunday to never read game. They're not pissed off at him There were a couple of bimbosts in there a couple of those skanky bras, which I better not say that because that's his sponsor But yeah a couple of them well he talked about it with the you know the banana of brews on a race But And I guess they were doing a few things a little bit over the line if you catch my grap little over the edge The baseline yeah over the baseline and in fact that picture we're talking about before I think maybe they were like kind of flashing that to the crowd and they said well there's a whole bunch of kids in here And we don't want them to get to wrong impression of what that things really like so we better not let them take a look at that no mole And they dragged their ass out of there but other than that a great time was had by all tough even tough was in you know how panicky she He gets I mean he's a nervous nellie literally But he went and after the show yesterday. He said now to Marlins weren't unhappy everybody's it's great It was a major happening there at the ballpark I mean when a guy can bring in an extra two 300 people and it's only 10,000 or 11,000 ballpark keep in mind It was 11,000 on Wednesday, but that's inflated because it wasn't a TV game So there was bound to be extra people because it was not on TV as opposed to if it's on TV you get it for free Like no matter who's picture with a rits a down trail or whoever they'll let it chant tell So the we just took a survey and we decided Jackie Johnson's like a shadow of what everybody claims on his station all the sports nerds See I guess they feel compelled I'd like to find out off there what they really think about Jackie's Johnson, you know Okay, I get no serious survey leave it to me because I have nothing losing that category I can go on here and say hi, I think she's marginal. I mean right and again I'm not talking personal sweetheart. You may be a very very nice lady You may be just a sweetheart. I don't know and I really don't care quite frankly But that's not what we're talking about the fact is she's been built up to me this wow Really hot piece and I got news for if I were in that persuasion I wouldn't be all that excited about her Okay, there's there are bigger fish to There are Figure and bigger and hotter fish in the better glasses. That's the like her. Okay. I'm I look I'm not trying to dissuade you okay because I know you're in in Tough times WQA Nobody there WQA. I'm hello Oh, Neil Harry Potter Jackie Johnson line. Hello Yes, sir. I was and I have no listening Between you know Joe's so nine and noon and that's Saturday. Yes, and he Now we tried to all house, you know, no Howard thing The heatboard up the fact that I'm trying to think of her name Alicia Lane who does the Weekend anchoring for channel six yeah and she's very I think that's her name and That he gets a lot of jobs coming in there and saying hey who's it? You know who the hell is she and she and he thought that she was a lot hotter Then Jackie Johnson. Oh, right. Let's hear for Joe. I always love me Well, he's got a big part on then you know no it's producer didn't even seem to know I think I Know he's starting about because right I watch channel six news, but she's kind of new on the scene and uh Well, let me ask you do you like Jennifer Vellopy I'm not my girl a little you could don't make a joke out. It's a little stiff Yeah, and you know I just I mean What my girlfriend likes to watch Channel six news you and I'm not a big fan of the Tony's but oh she likes Tony's the grandest He's got a big hard on yeah Okay, well, listen pal say how to Jackie's Johnson See around okay, so you see this is great. I you could knock me off the chair with a feather I just got Got one I cannot believe okay further duster I could fall on the floor with my luck. I'd probably break my leg I don't want to do that just be from get out of here There he goes there goes the old man But I'm so ecstatic the fact that I'm not the only one Now maybe you know how this is a suck at the I say something right away all the people agree with me You could say Jerry no was hot and they both agree with you well she's probably hang on with sister Jean Boy can you actually worry with you imagine where they're sticking that thermometer What you said she's hot. I wonder if she's got a fever you know Maybe she's got fever in a morning is doing morning at night on a driver that guy Anybody out there any you hot guys want to do Janet Reno come on be a good sport That's bad How about you she'd stay still long and I feel like you'd hold us something Oh I think Jackie Johnson's looking better by the minute this boy six But he's don't be puking in a way spask at Disney That's right, so wrong Disney we're gonna have to call your buddy. I've learned turn you in Anyway, let me tell you about a great place to shop dial a mattress you don't go there You don't go anywhere you sit in your home. You pick up the phone you call 1 800 mattress That's all it takes the easiest piece of great shopping. All ever doing is great because they save you a ton of money They've got whatever you're looking for exactly in stock ready for immediate delivery when it comes to a great name brand Macrist if the old mattress is lumpy and bumpy you wake it up in a morning with a bad back Do yourself a big favor because very few things in a world make a bigger difference at how you feel than getting a good night sleep Get yourself a gear out of mattress that'll guarantee was super nicely for years to come from our good piezons at Dilemma after say the best in the world they have them all they got silly and served as Simmons temper peed And don't forget exactly the mattress you want in order is the one that they're gonna deliver No bait and swish no house brands no BS no crap and they have high end the mattress is too They got silly's crown jewel and they've got the top models from every brand all at every day on beatable low prices too Just call 1 800 mA TTR ES and I guarantee you'll never buy a mattress any other way again Anytime in your life when you call me sure and ask about their comfort exchange policy If you're not completely satisfied the luck change it for with no questions as plus they give your free set up Free removal and you even get to choose the date and time for delivery any to our window that's convenient for you That fits you schedule nobody else in a world does things like this I've been sick of a mattress from these folks for years and they're unbeatable Dilemma Chris column right now you'll be sleeping in comfort all weekend and for years to come 1 800 mattress that's 1 800 mA TTR ES or check them out on that wicked worldwide web at My I Told you don't bother me while I'm in here It's Mickey Mouse Oh, Mr. Mouse good morning. How are you? What the hell are you doing to me? Nothing sir you're freaking kill me No, no, I don't have a kill me call me every three minutes Why did we move the process sir? You told me to move the bride and tell you what you must on this understubbing No, sir, you said move the practice to Monday. Hey, hey listen up wipe on the ball I make the decisions you'll take the heat right you all go to practice. Okay, okay How we doing with it anyway Oh Remus Shots the hell up. I'm on the phone, remus Hi, this yeah, yes, there was your question. I'm telling you I'm going crazy over here between David Kelly and not Michael Jackson call me every three minutes I'm gonna go out of my freaking mind That is I'm so far It looks this in my hand remus. That's your beat is ball my other hand remus That's a phone ball right. I can't hear anything remus stop flying the floor Sorry I'm certain sir the moves are working out very well the practice is four minutes times one and move it's come What crazy so we even beating the WB Fairly oh my god Michael Jackson thing was a raining success a bunch hold on a second Remus What's a hellie a doing with a harmonica Don't say remus. I'll jam the thing down your throat And get that move right away for me Oh, come on I'm allergic I Darn sir over 25 million people saw that by their listen. Yeah, you see me what I'm doing here This sir you're on the phone. I know I'm on the phone. Do you see what I'm doing? You should imagine they should hurry quiet. I'll I will leave my hands up and down fly to fly I'm the puppet master. I So hit you do it now box is gonna air all the stuff that you cut out of the Michael Jackson interview But sir you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him look like that Hop at master me Yeah Yes, yeah Hellian doing no Flow ball it's nothing wrong with a floor remus. What's this in my ear? That your penis both my other ear remus At the phone. That's the phone remus get out Go over to work get out. I look yes, sir kill on me Kill on me. I'm sorry sir. Kill on me. Sorry kill me softly It's 1134 five so he's speaking of that's my penis Wow wait till they see these new pictures all this other stuff you vote on right now small potatoes. I mean literally Small taters Woo man that pig now. It's gonna be on one of our remember that song my back pages by the birds That's what it's gonna be on our back pages because we don't want a little one scene and stuff like that And when I say little ones out of mean. That's our wee children. They might have to turn a few pages You're turned my head real fast Anyway, we're asking which picture on our website you like the best we'll keep this up till noon by the way Did you tell it to Eric? You know because we got that other pool very important about Harry Potter sucks. Oh, you know what else? I think let's add one more since uh, yeah I think my God inspires Walter Jackie's Johnson talk Which of these are you most sick and tell you hang about how hot jack Jackie Johnson is? Huh Okay, how hot Jackie Johnson and we'll put channel six and seven in parentheses channel seven How hot Jackie Johnson is? They'll get votes Anyway, here's a whole bunch of facts. You're not gonna like this one from Rob Bob Rob whatever name is Neil and Bob Says Rodriguez is a copycat can't come up with his own material. Oh, yeah, and in fact when he started to riff it off my eating Ashoes already got upset. Yeah, it says no need to worry about George this summer He's become your complete understudy one there'll be a pool every day like yours Yeah, there'll be a pool every day because it's part of our show And so I'm supposed to didn't I get ripped for not doing it once? Two he hates his mother like you. Well, guess what he hated her a lot before even met me right three He's perfected the silent response effect used between phrases So in other as even when you don't say anything. I either not happy. I say for right now He has a deep sigh exactly like yours make him stop sign stop sign When he lasts He's a complete rip off of your trailing off moan By trailing off moan Whoa, oh, that not that one. Oh Tell us the truth really it's your son rest assured he copies you to a tea. I'll probably as many ways since I have no light There you go, funny or loyal listen right. I'm sure they'd match that oh now this is a really good facts from Yvonne This is something constructive and useful although we I'll get to that Here's one it says just like Just like on most topics with sufficient of being some of your musical taste You're absolutely correct about Jackie Johnson being mediocre at best Big boobs alone don't make you hot if that were true Ron Jeremy would be hot. Yeah. He's got tutors like a cow George once again proceeds a horny suit intellectual spick would not only hop on anything breathing But just has crappy taste in general regards might the apolach Mike the poloches your taste blows He says you jump on it real fast The bandwagon and Jackie So anyway Joe Rose says she's Here's Yvonne what what happened I can't hear anything this computer's making farting sounds computers farting Is broken it's broken See this is nothing why do I have to be here to see this this is not good for my mental health Why do I need to be here to see this what just happened to it? What is he saying I can't he said he creator blew up his computer who did easy CB creator blew up his computer what do you mean blew it up So we don't have our bedtime stories on there I'm doing the best Are we gonna get those stories on there or not you know this is not he's stretching it a little bit too far just like that picture you just saw he's stretching it a little bit too far Yeah come up to my Adam sample We need to get the bedtime stories on there mister Anyway if I'm says I can we put like a curtain over this half of the windows so I have to see his Gerations and all this crap going out of there. I can't deal with it. I'm too old for that. I can't cope with it When I was like five I was too old for it. I couldn't I can't stand it Out of control my every every moment of his life is another problem You know every every millisecond is another major problem another crisis Either happening impending or thinking about conjuring one up Yvonne says dear Niel or heard you talking about collo and Germany again today I recommend Hamburg German he might husband and I go over here for about six weeks and we love it never been there Hamburg It's a very sophisticated talent many beautiful people lots of things to do by the way everybody should go to your at least once you to see our real people If don't you agree I'm so really Samton hit it absolutely correcty bond thanks for the tip on Hamburg Oh my god. Here's another article lengthy lengthy article with teeny teeny tiny put that I couldn't read with a good mom paloma telescope DC 911 spins tail of present on tragic day wow and it goes uh thank god a pretty so big Can't read a word of it 560 5050 it's our pull question for on a year today. Who do you like better Harry Potter or Jackie Johnson What oh I see a lot of similarities you said bogus I think the word applies in each of these I think they're real. I think I have to be the same person. I don't think that at all WQ a m hello yes sir Speaking Yes, I Can I respond to Paul can you respond to what did he pull it you did just now putting Jackie Johnson Harry Potter yeah go ahead I think Jackie Johnson died and so Susan was yeah You're busy what does that do with Harry Potter yeah I vote for Jackie Johnson yeah Yeah, you ever see Susan license TV before now. I have no idea who that is she's on lighter femme the radio station She's on light FM yeah that huck check in the morning. Well how the hell do you see her? She's on NBC 6.00 the afternoon with the grape Adele and oh yeah I just thought that I saw the Pro from grape be done I wanted to go out and blow my brains out thanks for reminding me about that Thank you even though you're very boring guy Seriously, I mean not everybody can be exciting you happen to be a boring guy. It's just his voice or maybe he just has no personality But if you see no as promos was great you know are you looking no wonder you're smiling And by the way Greg I don't want to I don't want to get you bummed out of anything but everybody still hates you I'm not talking about Greg Reed That's a serily although you know not great fuel right hate you but Greg be dealt everybody still hates you I mean don't don't take it to heart Unless you want to unless it you know ruins your day But the people in this town just can't believe that like a bad penny you keep turning up again and again and again and coming back Just what we thought we got rid of you went back to Chicago to seek your fame and fortune You went and worked for the country kitchen or whatever that was and then you keep coming back into media again and just spoiling our day every time we see you on it because every time I see his push on there I start thinking about neurotic people you know to me Yeah Greg Badell Gregory Benjamin Badell a guy that just refuses to go away go away Greg go away How's your computer coming you got onto control or see what are you doing? Who's that? The declaration guy and Well, set up which you're actually gonna get it on there I thought you just hit your computer blew up. It did so I got to get it on magic Okay Oh magic you mean Ricky Tickie's gonna come over here and like lift his cap and all of a sudden All sorts of things come crawling out can you imagine what's under that thing? No my good friend Ricky Tickie How you doing Ricky Tickie? By the way, don't be disney god damn dixie Tickie anymore. Okay. You don't play cut you music on magic Don't be political after all these years Ricky Tickie. You're gonna not try to tell you what to do but stop it Why would a guy like that start being political now? Start sucking up to the fascist establishment. It's the thing to do or maybe he needs a job 18 till noon at 560 WCM. We got the mad dog at Hooters in Pembroke Pines this afternoon two to four the Humphrey and a studio four to seven and the big deal on the mad dog show is he's gonna have Dan Trail Willis Is that his name? Don Trail Dan Trail. I don't know I'm really gonna name don't know Don Trail I'm sorry sorry don't trail The great rookie pitcher for the marlins that's gonna be like a the next Vita blue that's what there's oh head He only has a setting I beg your pardon He only has one setting I tried to lower the level on Carlos before the audience is wondering why there was all of that Long pause it wasn't because of that fact before is because I'm sitting here now I'm watching a A pattern of behavior that is so Aberrant so unacceptable so bizarre so unprecedented in the history of the human race that I just I can't describe it What what is the problem now he asked? What's the story now or is it just ongoing that one? Yeah Why don't you go do it on somebody else's computer then we wouldn't have to see you What is all the software loaded on this computer? 17 till noon at five 60 WQA and I want to tell you about something really good The fact maybe sticks them only a minute in your computer there couldn't hurt But better yet stick it in your post. Only a mad soft tells contain the finest olive oil You'll find anywhere in your life not just ordinary olive oil like you find in the supermarket in a bottle But this is super concentrated olive oil as loaded with all kinds of good stuff for you Audio matter if you take and up reduce your risk of heart disease high cholesterol all sorts of nasty things Plus there are 14 different oleomid formulas to choose from each one combining the finest olive oil You can find with vitamins and minerals orbles the support specific needs from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system You just pick out the formulas that are right for you and I got three brand new oleomid formulas One to help you sleep one to help you control your weight and self-utend for your heart pick up All you might while you're out shopping around today. Pics him up while you're at publics Echrets Walgreens whole food markets and a virus or sedanos you can also order oleomid online at oleomidamerica.com And if you like more information about there's two penis exciting new products just call them tool free at One eight six six oleomid that's OLEO MED one eight six six six five three sixty six thirty three Don't forget please for better health start popping some oleomid right away Is Here's how it goes. There's a piece. Bounce them up and down in this thing, though. That's my heart rate. Then that piece. How they make my life's eight. When you're just a TV. I can help a true literature. You're a busy, er, tracing play, then. But strong, easy, easy. Take your stand, come back, your buzz. Then with my eyes, all of a sudden, just count your skin. You're a buzz. So little jury is tries to get a different format in the facts. You're still as work jury or whatever it is, your name is. You're still an asshole. Anyway, here's a facts from Bill who says, Why didn't know if you're going to have another hot couple context after this one? We missed it in the last time. Good news for you, we have a ability at Syngelai. In July with the same nithy prizes, the same tips to the Bahamas, and or Jamaica, or whatever. We'll have some good stuff. Also, fill in mugge, you generally are pretty good facts, you're butt. Remember I told you before the show he facts me this? See, I understand that a lot of you folks, unfortunately, the only resource you have is the local fish wrappers. And your local fish wrappers have stories a day and sometimes several days after they appear elsewhere. Like they got to call me yesterday about Norma Kent. And then I heard Mad Dog talking about the Marlins and the Gay advertising, the Enoos and the Enoos. I talked about that last week, last week I had that story. And now it magically appears a week later in the local fish wrappers yesterday. And right away, like, oh, how come you're not talking about that? Because I talked about it last week, where way ahead, and spite a little Tommy Jickus and about a touch with what's going on. I'm touching it, man, as much as I can. Why let's get in the way of perfectly good war by area and a huffington. It was on our website yesterday. And it's in the Sun Sentinel today, just like the Marine dog columns that you're up a day or two later in the local papers from after the New York Times and on our website the same day. The same day that they were in the times. That's when they're in our website, just like the Nick Christoph and the Paul Cruckman column today will be on their feet of warrior against his computer fix. Now, what is the, what's the story? Seriously, I would like to report because I'm watching his behavior. And I'm, he's lighting incense. He's farting all over the place. What is the story? Give me an update. Well, I'm not saying that ahead anything to do with high boy, but this, but high boy, he wasn't even in there. Hi, apparently. What have any cuts of my bad machines? Something happened because the stench got pretty bad pretty quick. Oh, no, that's what. So. It could have been George for all I know. Oh, no, I think more likely you had to write the first time. Some software, I'll do. Some software that we wanted to use to burn a CD for use, so you can take with you today or tomorrow or whatever you leave. Wasn't stalled on this laptop. And obviously my laptop hates us off. We're so badly. Yes. That it's trying to spit it out of every orifice that it has. Yeah. And I'm doing my best to fight it. Speaking of, hi, apparently. Now, who did I just mention? By the way, a little jury quit the way she might have experienced. Again, you just can't get rid of these people. I'll be so ecstatic to be out here. So I don't have to see this crap. Somebody's neighbor, which I don't want to mention. Oh, yeah, apparently. Again, sending me a bios and picture the great revenge of in BDL. That same person that said that they wouldn't be vaccine anymore. The same one that promised us they wouldn't be fasting us anymore. We hate him like poism. We don't want to be bothered by him just because he's somebody's neighbor. Oh, yeah, apparently. He was just wandering around and hearing smell the place up real bad. See, that's one thing about people who are very, very obese. Generally, they're personal hygiene. I'm not talking about me, a little Pudge you want to like me. I'm talking about people that are gigantic big tubs of crap. It's a matter of physics. They're just places they can't read. Or do they have to take physics? I would think with as much as they be like on a pot half a day. There are folds. They can't get in between. Like how you're folds? So anyway, a fat boy's done to join up in his neighbor. Don't ever fax us again. And of course, you won't be forward in them anyways. So at least they're just waiting for one. They're like, right in the guy. Even if that's the bad side, why are you wasting our paper? You know I'm not going to forward any facts as bad. He's a part of it. I'm sorry. I understand. I know I won't be faxing anymore. What is wrong with those people? Where do we start? It's like they think that I'm doing the show for them. It's like it's like just men and men. Like me and them. I say something and then they respond. And then they fax again. And I'm supposed to read that. And then they respond again. And on. And me while nobody in the audience gives a flying crap about those people. I have to. Who do I'm saying? By the way, fat boy, nice to see you. But you're stuck to join up real bad. Don't come in here again until I can't leave. That would be a good poll question. Which QAM celebrity stuck to most Josh Friedman's square and or fat boy? That would be good. Josh Friedman hands down. Oh look at this. Here's a facts from somebody named Josh. But I'm sure it's not the archaosh. Either one of them. It says put a link on to this website. Good stuff. Move on dot org slash distortions slash missley dot pdf. It was ned the New York Times. Okay. I'll stick that right over here. Okay. And you can prove that at your. At your leisure after you're finished with your nervous breakdown of a nobody computer. We apologize to the audience at being a boy's having a change of life today because you got laid 15 times last night. Actually, I don't think it was four. I think it was more like. But turn man. Which picture on our website. Do you like the best? That's of course because they haven't seen the new ones yet that are coming. Oh. Oh. You ain't seeing nothing yet. Well, they were coming. Well, they might be. One looked like it was about to. Three. Yeah. Was right on the edge. 347 votes which picture on our website. You like best. Scorley Mo is got 60. This is a battle. Look at that. Musclebound deal got 57. And that might change. When the new version goes up. Most screws kneel swinging. Low 57 and the energy. He's been pumping away for days. Man. That's why you don't hear him. No, he's just pumping away. He's exhausted. He'll. Old. Title title. Titi picks on a hot couple contest. 53. I hate all them 53. Molen. Geldie 35. Mo's other clown 22. Thru declares in the V7. And hairless toothless. Mo's only got three. I. And that was one of my favorite. Right. I thought that was one of Boca Brian's greatest. Most magnificent pieces of artwork ever. And they just didn't just appreciate. Fine art. No class. WQ. M. Yes sir. Yes. Yes. Brian. I think Neil. How's it going? Great. Sensational. Chucky Johnson is a dog. Okay. Bill come on. There's a lot of otter. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. He would tell you. The blonde on Channel 6 is Martha Tagalf. She thought. Okay. I didn't know her name and I still don't. But if she's the one, yes, you're right. She is on. She's very odd. That's it. Okay. Thanks. Thanks, Pally. So there you go. So far we've had a whole bunch of people saying the Jack he's Johnson. He's so hot. It's what they're saying. But then again, the sports people on the station They tried to build up that macho women today. Obviously have to say the politically correct thing. Absolutely. Jackie Johnson. She's a fox. Yeah. Maybe the same. She's on fox because seven is like fox. That's winter. That might be it. Maybe that's what they're saying. Maybe our hearing is just bad. Jackie Johnson. She's on fox. And of course we don't like fox anyway. She eats fox. And what a box. She's on. She's on. But it was long. I didn't mean to impersonate. It was a pair long socks. And brains like a box of rocks. In fact, maybe she likes shot some Botox in her post. Maybe that's why her head is like sure. Let up like that. Maybe she got monkeypox. That rhymes with that too because her face looks like somebody said yes. They can like see that report on Botox. They did on that. I don't know. They're talking like that Botox and Jeff Shenzhen's gone wrong. Yes. Did see that. I don't want I think anybody who does that deserve it. I think you know if you do that you deserve what you get. It's like people are diabetic and you need a whole bunch of chocolate and candy and ice cream. You know like me, whatever I get all the syrup because I've been like punishing myself with cramp. Like I kid they got eaten by the alligator. Did you hear about that? deserved it. Right. They said get out of the water. There's an alligator coming. Ask for you. I know what I'm doing. Right. That's right. The beast was down there on in a hallway on all fours. I warned him. I warned him. I said you know, Clarence couldn't find squat in Omaha and sure enough he did. All I had to was say squat and he did. What does he had the beast is growing a beard now? You know, and you want to do it on the original. Before Clarence and the beast had the nut. You know where this is going. I want to go to your friend. He wants to make sure. No, no, no, it wasn't what you think. That wasn't it. Although you do have a point. He wants to have the macho image. Oh, you know, he wants to come out on top in that relationship. Thanks for steering and especially since Clarence looks so. Faye in those pictures we have a. And there a little bit like Faye Wayne if he asked me. Anyway, I'd like to be a flying wall on the night of that hunting. Well, man, five six seven. Oh, that is 60. Yeah. Good to Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I've got you. How about you, Neil? Yeah, I've got you. I got Sarah. Listen to me. I am so excited for nine. The excited. Be excited. So excited for nine. Good evening. I'm the sunny end. When you were proud to get together in the morning. I love listening to that. Neil. Yeah, the. One thing I am sick of listening about is my story. Oh, yeah, that's right. We should. Yeah, we have to. I'm going to. I'm going to. Okay. One question. Yes. I got the phone call from the TV show. The one that legit was she having a lot of chance. She was where she dreamed. What was the view? Well, that was legit. Hey, was that. Yeah, she's a right wing show for, you know, the for Fox. And that was legit. Oh. All right. Well, I'm glad you mentioned that because they were held Benton trying to get me off the air. And here I am still here going very and very, very, very. So screw Fox. All right. Thank you. Thanks for Martha. That belongs to this list too. The list. Are you a passing guy there? We got. We got the. How hot Jackie Johnson channel seven is. And Martha Stewart. Because the next poll question is, which of these are you? Well, you won't sick and tired of hearing what we're sick and tired of hearing about God. I didn't hear you potter and George says the book suck anyway. I thought when all those lines were flushed, you're going to get some crap on that. Which would have been good. No, they want to talk about Jackie Johnson. Well, that's okay, too. Sure. And it's not like I'm all I did. I just say yesterday and passing and then I happen to see you again this morning. Because I'm getting up right at that time on a channel seven news is on like a seven in the A.M. And I turn it on. There she is doing a weather. And I think this is the broad that they're making all that fuss about. Of course, keep in mind. And I doggs in love with Greta too. My local V6 is 560. 3 years old yours. Q.A.M. Is the base of that? You. This is Mark. Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q.A.M. You approach a beautiful woman's car. She will not let you in. Because she has the snub. Get out of here, you dog. The snub. I told you I don't want your name. Okay. I told you I don't want my weird seal clean. I don't need my car clean. I don't need it. I don't need it. I want you to know. Because let me tell you something. I know you're trying to pick me up. I know it. I know it. I know it. 12.1 and 560. WM happy Friday. To it's a great week. I'll tell you it's been really a dynamite. Somebody facts is this. It's a full page ad from move on dot org. Win without war. And here's the picture of our misleader. That's the headline misleader. It says we want to truth now. America, where are we to run a president who warned of the imminent danger of weapons of us destruction. Who promised the evidence for such weapons was incontroredible. Now, once later, no weapons have been found. Worst, the evidence suggested intelligence reports were deliberately misred. That the American people were deliberately misled. It will be a tragedy of young men and women were sent to die for a lie. Call your representative and send it to us now to man independent commission to determine the truth. Move on dot org. You can get more on their website. Move on dot org. Thank you very much. Oh god. Regular listener in Miami says this morning, guilty city went back to the gas station to return the 10 bucks. But when he told the guy that he made a mistake and gave guilty next to $10, the guy said, No, I didn't. So guess what, guilty kept the 10 bucks. There you go. Let me see this too. If somebody, I mean, if you have an IQ larger than your thumbnail. And you have a transaction. I'm not talking about thousands of dollars even hundreds of dollars. If you have a transaction like under 20 bucks. You know if somebody gave you $10 too much change. Yeah, even if it's very early in the morning, you were a little groggy. Haven't had your cup of coffee yet. Uh, you know, it's happened. Sure. Now, that sounds really lame. I don't want to pick on Gald because he's, you know, got a cover as asked where things are going on at you. You think he's lying? About what? About that story? I don't know. All I do know is that at the moment, the time that it happened. That's the time you say, Oh, pal, you made a mistake. Give me 10 bucks too much. See, it's only. And right there, and then at that moment. Yeah, the guy knows. Sure. Now, maybe the guy is maybe to embarrassed to take the nubux back. Maybe he heard about it on a radio or somebody heard about it and went in. Told me he's like, again, embarrassed. Something like that. But if somebody gives you 10 bucks too much change, you know it. Sure. And the honorable thing to do is not to go on here like some kind of a pipsqueak and squeak in. And I was like, what do you think I should do? What should I do? What's it? Look for a job. Oh, he already is. By the way, he's still driving a show. He's doing, he's coming out of the breaks out of the rejoins. He's doing a time checks and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And more is just like how to mumble it in the background. He's like the background man. No, no, just just like that. That's exactly what he was doing this morning. Sounded the main. Absolutely. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, probably not get any comment about your Harry Potter, so maybe you're right. I'm sure you are right on that one. Don't forget join Mark of the June Mark show 6 to 8 tonight at the South World of Fashion. What is it? South Florida Fairgrounds. 1967, 7, Boulevard, West Palm Beach from Marlon, I used car sales event. Stop out of win Marlon tickets. It's another very, very minimal QM prizes. And the beast. We'll be out tomorrow afternoon from noon. They'll two at the Grand Opening West Marine. Located at 2300 South federal highway. In four Latterdale, stop by to win prizes. Enjoy free food from Atlantic City. So I'm going to tell you something. If Mark from the June Mark show and the beast can be out to an appearances, how come Bina boys not doing some? It does some. Not all by himself. You mean like with you? Right. Like a tag along or on he pinched hits for Miguel. Sometimes it gets the promotion. He pinched hits with me. For example, the Bill's side all appearance on Saturday. He's going to be getting paid to go there. Yeah. No more time is that thing. 11 to one. So that means like when I facts him, what day is that? 28th. 28th. So when I facts him the stories on that day, 11 o'clock, he won't be there. Right. He won't be there. Yeah. So that means that the people on that Saturday who are going to be waiting breathlessly for those fantastic, important world-breaking, bedtime stories that we have on our website. We'll have to wait till after he gets his ass home. Hopefully he finds a key to his apartment. Hopefully he gets an okay and confide his computer and it wasn't eaten by. He's a monkey overnight. If he doesn't run out of gas, if he doesn't run out of gas, and isn't hijacked by some deadbeat on the list. Yeah. Okay. What's more important than you make the money, okay? Or he says you can tax them by nine. Oh, I could do that. I just didn't know how early you get up. He doesn't sleep. Well, that's right. He's busy getting late all night. I forgot about that. And treating that melanoma. 399 votes. The next one will make 400. I don't want to read it until we get 400. Okay. Let me refresh it here on my very, very. And I will say that this computer is working pretty damn good since I've had back. Thank God. You have any problems while I was, uh, no. No. What happened in here that we straighten this out? Don't you remember? Was it because I bought a new computer? I bought a new computer. Please don't remind me. Okay. Hey, remember? No. Not when you're this old. And you know something. Now just out of spite. Nobody else will vote on this. So I can get to 400. You people are brutal, man. If they had any. Well, I'm sure they do because they can tell in the sound of my voice. There's the 400 vote. Which picture on our website you like the best? Squorley, Moe, Adam, Swing and Nuts 74. They love those nuts like the Beast Eyes. Most screws kneel, Swing and Moe, 66. He keeps on slinging and he's really swinging. And if he or she's usually slinging, muscle bound Neil God 65, which is going to make a big improvement. When you see it over the weekend, it's going to take a turn for the best. Titty picks on the hot couple contest, 57. More than 40, too. Moe's another clown 28. Fruity Clarence in the Beast only nine. That's one of our very favorites. And the new Fruity Clarence in the Beast. That one will put you into orbit. Believe you. And the hairless Tuffless Moe only have four. It's always God. I guess they like Moe better with that nice piece on his head. Absolutely. He's a what? Crap. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T. I got to be honest with you. I realized it's only afternoon. I should have learned a long time ago. Don't press your luck. Like an awful game show. But for a Friday when there's nobody here, we've done magnificently well. I mean, not spectacularly. We had the retire. We had that guy. And we had Chamba. And we got them out of the way. And since then, we've actually had a few people on this full with something to say. Probably because we had something very important to talk about. And that's Jackie Johnson. Right? Right? But she may not look the best, but she certainly is a high. She may not have a hot body, but she's got a hot topic. There you go. My favorite clothing store. Is hot topic. That's an image of a store. Yeah. Absolutely. About the shirt there. I'll be damned. WDQAM. Between the comic craft. Oh, brother. WDQAM. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. I've got a jirbel in my air. Oh. There's something he's just a little bit too much. A little over the top. And what did I just get to say? I was saying, you know what I just said is that's right up here again. And Neil's psychic powers once again. Once again. No one already went. No one. That's right. He was already on there. Both of them. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty. Have we had any women called today? Oh. This has been, I would say. The worst week for female callers. Now what about the ladies out there? What do they think about Jackie Johnson? They should have an idea of what a nice female looks like. Unless they're looking in the mirror. Right? No, they're always. And Harry Potter. You think that every mother out there in a audience would be just bitching your ass. No, they're going to call in a gray. I hope they are. The mothers like. I saw something. I saw something at home from beat Dalton and the borders. Who are there? Why don't you just talk to me? Because they're little kids. Bitched and mone. It said, mommy, me, does he like it? It's great. He's the one who needs to be. He's the one who needs to be. Why is no, not seeing how anybody's doing in there. He hasn't seen the picture yet. Has he seen the picture? The new clearance? No, he's working on it. Oh, yeah. It's believe me. You've never looked lovely or trust me when I tell you. Let's see. Please read this for all colors and listeners. Dear Neil Rogers Show, listeners and colors, let's try to deliver some funny interesting material for Neil and his show. Honestly, believe that we make funny phone calls and good faxes. It'll make Neil and George laugh. We'll automatically motivate them to continue the fun energy that his show has. Thanks Neil for reading this. Craig from downtown, maybe is where you are better in Miami. Anthony and North Miami will guess what Anthony have a great life. Oh, these are all from the same person. They must be. Huh? This is from Clel from Homestead. These are gotta be from the Netherlands. That's even more frightening. It says enjoy the show without you get a kick out of these awards, especially the five star stupidity award. Where is it? Oh, this is just stuff I don't have time for, okay? Don't have time to read these long pond restings. I'm going to give it a thank you so much, Amy. Thanks for the thought. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. Did you get that up there for me? I don't know. You still haven't seen it? Get with it. WQAM. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. When did you parole? Has anyone mentioned anything about her? Who? When did you parole on a channel six? Don't know who it is. How did she do? She's very hot. Mahakam, nobody talks about these other chicks. They're always screaming about Jackie's Johnson. Jackie, again, just another pretty face. When you parole, she's got some serious, serious shirtful. Good. Don't have your head. He doesn't talk about her. But he has to talk about the least. He said she's got a big, something like that. Neil, question for you. I know you have direct TV. When you get your direct TV, you build. You ever like check it out? No. No. Can you get any idea how much cats we're paying now on the satellite. I want to tell you this, I hate direct TV. Okay, despite direct TV. I really do. I hate it. And why? Why? Because it sucks because my digital cable in Toronto has got to beat hands down. I got like 800 real channels on my digital cable because my direct TV box, you know, the woman they record or what do they call it? The, uh, the old, old TV. Well, it's not. That's not a team. It's that same thing though. I have all that. That is the biggest pain in the ass like this morning. I get up and and if a bird, forget about rain. But if a bird farts at a sky right away, the thing goes out. You got to unplug it and plug it back in again. We said it. It's the biggest pain in the ass of any piece of equipment I've ever had. My life I'd despise direct TV. I hate it. Well, I got the ultimate TV receiver a couple of years ago based on you talking about it. Yeah, I'm sorry. You're all right. I am losing my picture. I hell of a lot more. Yeah. I don't have to reset it. I'm sorry. I did that to you if I would only know. But anyway, I mean, I got my ability other day like 150 dollars. Because I could have a sports pack. You just know the football right now. I get them all. And now it's like, I'm getting a 20 dollar, it's 20 dollars. It's 20 dollars on like 140 something to all the bills. I'll say why. And they're saying, well, I'm sure you see on your screen as it's white, that like, kind of in California and based on the Florida legislation. It's like taxes from 6% to 13% the satellite and in your right. The expenses are going to go through the friggin' room. I would take the damn receiver and put it out in the bottom of the pool as well. I would do this. I'm serious. Just out of protest. Good luck. Good luck. Problem is past noon. He may be feel bad because I turned him onto that ultimate TV thing for the director of the work. I think it's really the Todd. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. We got some heavy duty stuff. It's going to be on our website over the weekend, including the brand new Clarence and Beast picture. It is a lovely thing. Preview for their wedding night in July, July 10th. Is that today? That is. And we're going to send them all expenses paid to Maui. It's going to be old Maui and Maui. And the two of them are going to be in heaven and hog heaven. At least one of them anyway. And Clarence has never looked so lovely and feminine as he does in that picture. He's the bride with that lovely lay. Oh, there is no question about that. That's why he's growing a beard. He's going to wear the pants in that family. Big big big ones. Extra big one. Poulas opants. Yeah. Zuba's pants. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. The Neil deals keep rolling out from our good friends. Tom Lemon and Joe Prieto at Hall of Pontiac GMC like right now. Here's Neil deal number one going on as I speak. Get yourself zero percent financing for 60 months on every 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock. Neil deal number two. Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC in Pontiac in stock. Attention, coordinate former military personnel. Get an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Halleth. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number two. At Neil deal number one. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil deal number three. At Neil Bill deal number three. At before and get out there and see the game is what he's gonna say in a public as to say oh no we don't think so watch on TV for free for hundred twenty nine votes the new portion be up there any second now I see it's uh... i can see it but they can't yet my rights going up any second to pop up for twenty nine votes on the first poll today which picture on our website did you like the best very good battle here scran and it's good that we took this down because with the additions of the other things over the weekend to understand it would be fair to keep it on earth a nice job Neil thank you you got squirley most seventy nine they like that the best they like that swinger he swing him most screws kneel that swing in most seventy three a lot of swing in your one on air muscle bound the o god sixty nine thank you out of take more of the swing club next time you go there he's a swing yeah he's that club man he swings that club whether somebody's head if you don't watch it like put on a prettier weight though titty pics on a hot couple context sixty one people like that the best that's tied with i hate all of them sixty one more and gully forty three most of the clown twenty nine fruity clearance in the beast ten and hereless toothless more as only got four is all that's got to be a lot higher than absolutely find a new pulls up there right now let me vote which in these are you most second time hearing about i know what i'm going to vote for because i was the uh... motivator for the full number of places the new heri in fact just only moments ago on scene and there again with a pictures everybody's running out to buy the bucket a little punky kid and you add that one thing i noticed is that most of the kids that they're showing who are reading this book they all look like Harry Potter they like nerdy little kids with a silly glasses you know maybe that's why they were late Harry Potter nerdy little kids in other kids will talk to little nebs little nebs right or little niffs which in these are you most second time or two my favorite picture it's really scotted lacy Peterson i'm sorry i misspelled that there's an o it's so when i'm sorry or you can correct it or not make no difference three people say that was just went up there martha's do what's got a pair did you see her with the umbrella that it was that was something a lot of other people that i'm brought us most of the man close because it was even raining but i was like the shadow her face like we don't know how to reach his first place out they fry your ass martha i'm serious about them they're fry her ass and make the rest of her watch when you're worth a billion you know break the law over less than a hundred great over chum change what you had a person right even being a boy makes that much in a couple of weeks i saw it on his uh... stubb who want to go he showed you a stop he showed me a stop it was not and that reminds me see how this works together i was thinking about because i looked at the counter again we i made judge right on their get clearance late in big letters or somebody wrote that who wrote that now and uh... i'm just wondering the reason being there of course because we know he's a sports guy so he's obviously a very rural macho kind of guy but i'm i'm curious to think that because he's so shy and so recalcitrant like uh... bond with these nice young ladies that want to do them maybe there's something they're physically that we haven't like a war wound not a war wound like maybe kind of like a deformed like a dwarf penis or something or like a like a nubb in uh... i have one of those and inversion like a person and in a you've heard of uh... nables that are in his an out is maybe he's on any penis any witty teeny tiny not just a maybe he's got something a little out of the ordinary there i mean he is jewish we certainly know he's nice and clean and circumscribed maybe there was an accident not quite a war is exactly i think i think now we're getting to the meat of the matter i think there might have been like a little little or maybe it's one of those button hook jobs to too much off the top maybe it was cut on a bias he's not biased five six seven i said i want to pick on clothes but i really am serious i think that we ought to get to go away just celebrate the sturdieth birthday and and even on his birthday bash at his house he didn't get laid you know i think i have a reason why okay i don't think anybody i don't think he cares about getting laid nearly as much as the people around him do about getting him laid what is it what is he care about sports ha ha ha ha ha i mean that was easy yeah ball games right go to Omaha i mean what somebody tells me that they didn't like Omaha because there's nothing going on there, i mean even binnable it was to tell me that they've about how anybody can't get laid in Omaha is never going to get any anything right oh moha's not what you think it is oh it's the bible but yeah right right i don't think it's that i think it's uh it's just like Nashville you You remember my famous month in Nashville right Nashville is also the heart of the Bible Bell and known for that but it's also the heart of like uh the Alta Hillbillies and there's the church on every corner across the street there's a bar sure well usually with some country slot singing in there you know you gotta be able to stumble from one to the other exactly not necessarily that order by the way let me say it again sleeper is great movie with a father Robert oh zero yeah what is he doing again now he's driving me absolutely up the wall what's he doing Joe can still what we call him in the hotline Joe cost all we just saw yesterday is back from our punishment yes sir I'm here on the line I just happened to be hearing what you were talking about with Clarence yeah and uh here's the man who wait wait wait here is a man who's actually seeing Clarence's penis okay I have not seen Clarence but I did see an email that came to me last night one of our mutual listeners looking to you and George and believe it or not he offered to have his wife sleep with Clarence like a pity whatever how to putty he did say pity we have a bad connection pity right yeah I said I said pity right and if if you wouldn't turn give me back my five to six dollars oh yeah there was a deal you listen to it offered up his wife and totally legit so we could have it happen tomorrow well well let me ask you how old is this guy's wife but that sounds perfect because Clarence's head is 30th birthday what a match I've actually seen photographs she's pretty cute now have you presented this to our program director or not we forwarded the email I don't know if he got to it of course you know one of the middle of night he should be reading his driver's right now actually I think you're right absolutely I just thought I'd let you know about this because uh you know no one hears us because we're in the middle of the night this is promising news I'm delamic static I think if everybody on the station especially for relics he's uh you know he's got all the connections all the same it could be happening by five p.m. today it could happen before I'm on here again from T.o.m. Monday morning absolutely nice going Joe have a nice trip that five to six hour back a long pause there yeah he wants that hour back real bad so Mo is kind of getting the squeeze you know I mean kind of like his bag Mo is getting the old squeeze what do they call those things those old fashioned things that the used to like I love it bellows very good very good bellows we'll see I'm making emotions when this one's I'm sorry about that's what's happening to Mo he's like cut in between the arms of the bellows he's getting squeezed in between he's like the bag of the bellows oh brother in fact all your little kids out there be better off reading the saw bellows not latest book instead of that day in Harry Potter when you say I would anything here's a fact that says right neck in Alabama keep up you liberal your show is a daily affirmation by the boss save the doom people around oh geez plus he says why these people are waste my time you know thank god you don't send me like about 85 percent of it 20 8 past noon don't forget the mad dog 2 to 4 at the wherever that is where's it who doesn't  He is the creep who's wanted For lighting the Olympic fuse And for blowing up the boat Who thought they had a right to choose And then one steamy summer's eat Who'd all came to town While looking for some dumpster food A cop said freeze or I will shoot Now that the feds have caught him He's hiding in a jail cell Who'd all have to come back bomber Soon you're done of fry in hell George said they think Stemys is a fag I can't believe he said that 23 and the Bina Boy just raises him So I agree that's bad I said way not gay That's bad This station that have a program director who was gay That's the worst sports station Never heard of such a thing I'm going to call up Andy Assen It was until on you Now Somebody sends me now This is from September of last year Okay, we've already seen this We already talked about it And I appreciate the fact that somebody is then enthusiastic about me And the show But You know Talkers magazine one of the silliest publications In the history mankind A real piece of crap Congratulations yes all this The 25 greatest radio talk show host of all time And am I honored to be Remember we talked about the September of last year It's almost a year later Number one rush limba Number two Howard sperm See again with all the respect to Howard He's not a talk show host Is he a talk show host? No, does he talk to the general people Peter Tanner A clown as whatever But he's not in any way shape or form a talk show host Three Dynamos a dead man Four Larry King What are you think Larry? Don't be frustrated Five Sally Jesse Raphael See at that point Any credibility whatsoever breaks down for this Talkers magazine after they may Six Bruce Williams What's doing? What's doing? On a Tuesday Coz do it Seven Dr. Laura slushinger Oh How do you like that? Dr. Laura slushinger according to this Is the seventh best talk show host of all time That f*** bitch Eight very great Nine very farber Now one or both of those got to have been dead for a hundred years Ten Dr. Joy Brown Eleven Michael Jackson Huh No, not who you're thinking about Oh, not that Michael Jackson Not the one it goes We're going to British action The real boring guy who does mornings on KBC and LA We're just terminal Twelve art bell Mmm 13 Rhinoins KG on San Francisco He's very good 14 Jerry Williams Rest in peace 15 Oh, good I do like that 16 Bob Grant 17 long time level rest in peace 18 David Rudnoi 19 Arthur Godfrey Arthur Godfrey Was a talk show host 20 Bill balance 21 Neil Boorts 22 J. P. McCarthy On a J. P. McCarthy was not a talk show He had a show at noon every day He did morning's head WJR And at noon every day For half hour He had a show where he interviewed guests But he wasn't a talk show host He was a disjockey Jesus 22 Jean Shepherd Who also wasn't a talk show He's got a used to like Rambl for half hour on tapin Was syndicated used to talk to him So for half an hour 24 Jean Burns and 25 My good close personal friend I'll give you one clue Okay. All right. This is G Gordon Litty That was the clue So there you go Talk congratulations Neil Your number 600 And they are world. How do you like that? And what happened to our friend She did make the cut Not yet Dammit Although if I think he gets any bigger They probably will cut it Or for that And in fact maybe she and Clara's Good compare notes I guarantee she's got a much bigger one And he's got a pretty hencil I heard 567560 Pound 560 Now see what you're trying to tell me I don't want to psychoanalyze again And his personal life that's his business But he does he does leave you Would that feeling like he's like the law sword You know like he only wishes he could get some No You don't think he doesn't leave me with that feeling I don't think his life is full and complete The sports thing Right. And other would he gets off on a ball game There's no room for anything else He gets off being the program You're like you're a sports bar station He's satisfied Is what it does for him So now those when he hears Like that Squirt score and it does it for him He immediately like Oh yeah, drop below this page Some kind 5675 Come on let's get to We got our in 20 minutes to go here And the momentum is all of a sudden Shifting away. It started right there at noon Because the last of the 50 people left in town Probably a noon or flights at one thirty You know I'm telling you that it's this weekend You're going to love it because it's going to be easy Say one easy cruising How do you know I was going to say Like WQAM QAM nobody there Oh my god WQAM Oh Oh Oh Hello Yes sir Oh, no That's going to happen Oh, but I'll be sure That's me Okay Hey, how you doing? Great Listen, a couple of things I hope you get a kick out of it In terms of first of all Directive the I am so happy To hear that you have Change your opinion because a couple of years ago You were raving about it I got it It's the worst Not only the worst system but the worst company I've ever dealt with in my life Oh, directive They suck with all You know with all the letters I have written to the company Yeah And I wrote right to the president And the company and I have a background And I broke it You know what I'm all about I still in two years Do not know where they are And what's the answer to the POP box They won't tell anybody where they are I can refer to people who are going to go They're blowing them up When you call that 1800 Direct TV You have this You have no idea if you ever do get a hold Anybody have no idea where they are They could be on the moon They could be on the moon The third call says is around the country Right I only may be two You can even get a regular connection The worst What's that about five I can't complain about their service Because they refuse to give you any It's not about five months They'll have digital cable Much better Much better Listen The record you're for a dream The only thing I got added I'm watching it It is It is And I'm watching it And I'm looking at the rollercoasters And I'm going, oh my god I grew up in Koneon They're bright and beige There you go And you know that scene with a Dilling drugs under the board Sure I didn't do that But I used to roast marshmallows And try to make that with some girl And I'm doing this one night And I'm a batty old teenager in high school And I'm also going to have fire engines Because we have the fire going And little fire on the boardwalk Oh, wow That's not the board One last thing Yes sir Because we've talked about things We've tied a hearing about The lazy Peterson case Now don't you find it interesting That Gary Condick Was possibly responsible for Shantar Robo And a son kind of connection Right Two other girls in Washington Did this he was also a son And the board Right He of those is the election He moves back to his own town of Modesto And within six months his and other girls get in the water And I've never heard Gary Condick And I've never heard Gary Condick And we've had a kiss I never thought about that Dude, you're trying to draw connection Be to like very content in the lazy Peterson Well, it's got to do this What about the Robert Blasewife There you go I'm a good week What about, what about O.J.s wife There you go Right And I've tried it And cock robin And Batman too See it He took him in a handful of pills, okay? He's okay Let me on To many purple pills Go shoot in that Oh no He even better off the shoot he got in man Who would have saved all that blood It's fine, later on I saw that Yeah That's the man thing about it You see him, why so long I swear to him Oh don't get sore about it He's in Who never did sex What Successfully or Sufficially explain to me why he kept calling him Jim I think it was one of those things It's a race thing It's a lingo thing What kind of a lingo thing That ain't his name His name was Harry Right Boca Brian was making me listen to old takes from the 60s On the way to treasurail in the same time Including when he came to the 60s What's it? Ed Cookie Burns and lines I don't know how to say it Yeah What's the napsack? Really? Well what do I know? Hey Dad What's the big hand say to the little hand Things like that Dad Jim Steve Buddy Clarence My And local Here's the sports radio 560s Hey The home would be a lucky baby McCartney New ones on the way Haven't been a daddy since yesterday Heather's expecting Week in work it out But it doesn't make me want to twist and shout But I'm 60-4 I still change my birth When this keeps thrown up I will be dead Better stock of now on baby whiper My King and Oh baby McCartney Won't you mean no rest I am not much better off than be dead Don't know if the kid will be a singer Just hope it's healthy when it finds You can see when it finally comes What the job to have tentos in finger Unlike it's my baby McCartney Your dad is elderly Wonder why I could just let be His child is slower Top is 40-6560 becomes way of the soundoung Support it for doing some of the titles of these cuts are broadcasting I don't know what they see Marion Barves and here it is. It's a good moment. You asked him to close there. Yeah, that point I still believe he should have just smacked her up the side of the head. Yeah, she looks just dumb. That bitch on the floor. She looks so good there. No, not towards the end. No. I'll be asked to ask you to make her come back. Hey, Jennifer, let me ask you a question. What? What is he battling of a donor's status? That's the pain. Yeah. Yeah. That's what a solid boss we heard. That's just about rubbing up against some of the boobie in the pool and you know, they can just have a great sexual experience. No, that's for pie. The drill and sound saved that for pie when he sticks the drill and has had the end of the movie. I just wounded again for everybody. It doesn't make any difference. It makes no sense for watching. And you'll still like it. WCQAM. Hey, yes sir. Hey, I heard you mentioning earlier about your ultimate TV. Mr. Hever went to different one. Another caller. Right. I couldn't be happy with my system. I'm surprised you haven't so many problems with it. Everybody I know hates it like poison. Really? Because they just got lucky, I guess. And it has to do with the unit itself is just a lot of them are defective. They've had all kinds of problems. Well, you know, I will say that I did have to. I would have an all kinds of delays changing channels. Right. Was recording? Right. And I said, they actually said, okay, send the receiver back. Ah! And you're another one. Now you understand, he probably, what I do is the same thing. Get the receiver as mine as defective. Well, I was still as soon as they sent me the new receiver. I was still having problems when something was recording. I was almost always having it. It was just take forever sometimes. It's during the channel. Right. And then, now, recently, they just did a software upgrade. I turned my TV on like three weeks ago and it said, upgrade complete. And they just upgraded the my shows and everything else. And everything just works fairly right now. It works perfectly. Now I can per me. But of course, I haven't changed my unit 15 times yet either. I've not only once for me. Hey, question for you. The top part has been on a lot lately on the all over the edition. I've been checking out, of course. Every time I watch it, I always something always pops into my hands. And I just a quick question for your opinion. When they killed him and rothed the airport. When the guy just shot him, he was a newspaper reporter. Right. Right. How to hell with the hand convinced him to do that. No one was going to get blown away. He didn't know that. He thought he was going to get away with it. Yeah. I'm just like just like to be a Bella Legosi looking guy. I was trying to kill him by a smother with a pillow. He didn't think he was going to get it. Yeah, I wish they could maybe they just let me tell them, no, don't worry. We'll have all our people there. No. I'm just wanting, why the hell would anybody do that? He thought he was going to get away with it. But unfortunately, he didn't work too well. And the party's over. Thanks, Neil. Have a great day, pal. I'll do it. Okay, so he said he had to change his unit. Maybe that's what turns out to try. Well, let me tell you something, my friend. WQAM. Yeah, hey, that's George. Yes. Hi, George. How you doing? Good. You don't remember. Me, my name is Mikub. I'm a cameraman. That was out there a long time ago. And we should chat at a little while. At any rate, you know, I heard that on your show today, there's some like speed dating or super dating or some shit in my back. That was bad, sure. Ah, oh. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe that's what Clara's is into. He don't have time for it as long. Extended. They just like speed dating. It's a hand job. Oh, oh, look at this. Look who also is facet, which absolutely refused to read it. No chance. Now, what is your favorite George? What does he bring in there? something rotest thank you so much sir is it filthy and disgusting uh-huh uh-huh this weekend be near boy this weekend what what you laughing about I didn't see what he brought it in oh you haven't seen it this is the best this may be the best low-pitcher of all of you think absolutely yeah and look at this look at all and you know what he's got his teeth out don't you no teeth oh I know or your pleasure oh man here's some of the guthing attractions with a mommysher and our good close personal friend Aaron I didn't know those two were that tight did you absolutely there's a bean of voiciness yet have you seen it he's gonna get a copy emailed so we can put it right up there oh whoa whoa whoa it says late and it was it was sent to the mad dog it says late submission for the hot couple scontests oh the all-time best in that great it's a beautiful thing how much amolikes absolutely let's see what you know you have a sick and tear-to-hering about reality TV show is 34 scott and lacy Peterson 21 the new Harry Potter book 20 come on you can do better than that the hellery book 16 neals movie shows 14 oh I shouldn't play that thing the mid least road map 12 Martha Stewart eight how hot jack he is Johnson is on channel 76 weapons a mass destruction five the Florida Marlins four matrix two and golf appear for this is really something special you know I never realized this audience had the incredible artistic of Michael Angel each or hard out you know all they needed was the all they needed was it for us to give them the green light and time bridge call the days it okay it's it's safe the coast is clear give you audience to green light just as long as ask off to an old about it and put a bunch of that really sick and twisted stuff yeah you could that could that could be the caption on this gumming attraction five six seven oh six or here's one it says on channel seven news I think the black chick Robin's Simmons is the hottest of all the female reporters please play my shameless request when Eisner stole remas oh that's my least favorite of all of them is that so I'll start we can't do that well we could maybe we will next our consider it it's long it's a lot of good time is that the most recent one I think so okay I'll think about it oh and now we gotta get to some of these very important bedtime stories because we're busy you have it really great time but you know something is important pre-stupid brothers is arrested on suspicion of child molestations oh no this has to be a mistake doesn't retired clergyman is to be charged with alleged abuse of five children on the 70s and 80s between the ages of seven and 16 and cardinal lemahoni is a considered that he missed handle the case he aired in transferring the accusations of sexual abuse Michael Wempie was arrested yesterday on suspicion of child molestation the arrest of Wempie near his sealed beach retirement home took places they clergy sex abuse crisis dominated the opening day of the annual conference of Roman Catholic bishops in St. Louis LA County Sheriff DVDs arrested Wempie as he was on his way to play golf see what I tell you a lot of lifeless assholes out there in a courseman he's on his way to play golf let it go out there back a few balls around nice going father you'll see the whole surrounded website and also this one I am so impressed that I actually fixed my printer yesterday I just the miracle I had and you know if I had to do it again I couldn't do it I don't know how I did it because I had I guess installed the damn thing like fear for a different time I had an uninstall get out and then what you want to install something yeah and reinstalled it right and did it the right way this time though which is why you got color on there now wow hey listen for me that's a major accomplishment for a little farty farty buddy like me anyway this story Toronto police ignore pot party in front of headquarters dozens of green wearing pot smoking revelers party outside Toronto's downtown police headquarters yesterday smoking their joints, bombs and pipes without being harassed by a single police officer streams of sweet smoke walked into the air as cannabis crusader Mark Emory of Vancouver resident handed out joints to fellow potentus just urged them to exercise their law for right to possess marriage a we need marijuana is legal in Ontario to possess and it's permissible underlaw to smoke marijuana anywhere that is permissible to smoke tobacco in Ontario Emory said calling the province the freeest jurisdiction in the western world with recent court challenges of pot laws and the acceptance of game marriages although event was right on police property no uniformed officers were seen among the crowd inside headquarters policing this interested with the party and no officers make available the comment I trust if the police wanted to apprehend our path that could have done so I'm recited a not so subtle challenge to police I thought the most provocative places smoke marijuana with others would be right in front of the police chief's doorstep police organizations in Ontario have said they will not lay charges for possession marijuana under 30 grams until the counties countries muddled pot laws are clarified 30 grams now how I thought it was like 20 joints is 30 grams of that if you're right let me go get my scale I think you're heard how fat you rolled the fat in these were pretty fat like sure they were short fat ones too we're not talking about in the Toronto star newspaper 30 grams is an else more less yeah and how many joints can you roll out of an ounce about 30 really about 30 man well there you go that should be enough for a couple of hours right so there are even hours of american hours can they be an hours it's like really only 1.75 567560 pound 560 on a AT&T for rise line don't forget the mad dog doing a show at hoodas in temper of pines two to four the humperal being a studio from 4 to 7 this afternoon and then you got your marlins on deck at seven o'clock 735 why is that why I'm afraid that they play 735 is that correct why why not the other games are all 705 aren't they I guess they might make the hump or work the extra you know nobody gets a free ride right all week fat so so don't price the work next to half hour but the 730 is the game the devil raising a marlins boy that's going to be really heavy duty and of course like I said don't throw willas is a starting pitch in a marines supposedly and should be out on a mad dog this afternoon 9 but heads it's the one to two hour 23 Oh my god, hey, you want to meet her and you'll be hot looking man From my mouth we want to meet her and you'll be busy You can't even wonder, I'm the day my shape from me and say you hurt Hot wood wood and hot wood pipe with the shake clear air I smoke to go to where I get up in the car I smoke to go I smoke to go to where I'm the baby I'll get up in the every 10 thousand points I smoke to go to the car, it's time to breathe and do it in time of war I smoke to go to the car, I smoke to go to war I smoke to go to where I get up in the every 10 thousand points I smoke to go to where I get up in the every 10 thousand points Oh my god, hey, you want to meet her and you'll be hot looking man Oh my god, hey, you want to meet her and you'll be busy I smoke to go to where I get up in the every 10 thousand points Hot wood wood and hot wood pipe with the shake clear air I smoke to go to where I get up in the every 10 thousand points I smoke to go to where I get up in the every 10 thousand points I smoke to go to where I get up in the every 10 thousand points Oh, it was a brother's home, he's going to drive us to the home one. Oh, dude, I told you I wanna say that. Oh, dude, I told you I wanna say that. Oh, dude, I told you I wanna say that. Oh, dude, I told you I wanna say that. Oh, dude, I told you I wanna say that. Oh, dude, I told you I wanna say that. Oh, dude, Marilyn Blitz! Oh, dude, darling, he's wanna say that. Oh, dude, I told you I wanna say that. Oh, dude, I tell you I wanna say that. Oh, dude, I told you I wanna say that, darling. Oh, dude, I told you I wanna say that. Oh, dude, I told you, I wanna say that. Oh, dude, ard, doctor, do you wanna say that, honey? Can we go first or go stay here, darling? Oh, dude, I told you make me go last, I told you, don't wanna say that. Oh, dude, I told you I wanna say that. Oh, dude, I told ya. Oh, dude, I told you I wanna say that, honey. I told you I wanna say that. Oh, dude, cub podcasts, go  go back to bed This place is, I guess, a foreground conclusion. 800, 90 to votes for Frankenless but second place, Greg and Stephanie, 411 and Brian and Natasha 409. 411, 409. Got it? Got it. Woo! Then, after that, it's a fourth place, Holly and Terran 286 and Nameless, out of 30 about 34 and votes. Not too shabby, man. Pretty heavy duty. Here are one more shot for these guys because that's going to be it. When Mark had a Joe and Mark showed a night from six to weight at the south photo fairgrounds at 1967 Southern Boulevard West Palm Beach, for the Marooni use car sales of and stuff out of with Marlon tickets. Anybody want those Marlon tickets? No. Another price is too. And also Mark will be accompanied by the lovely Miguel. And the beast will be out tomorrow. The not so lovely beast will be noon to two tomorrow at the grand opening of West Marine. 2300 South Federal Highway and 411. Stop out of wind some more of our low budget QM prices. Enjoy free food or malignic city subs and maybe some naked pictures of the green two. That should keep more. I mean, get them out there and you think, can you see? Not anymore. 567, 0560, 560 and also naked pictures of what's his name? Terran says penis. I'll decide out of mine. You know, as he hasn't murdered his ugly head in your one's days since we started talking about this, I think you're right. Where there's a will, there's a way. And if you can't find a way, you might be gay. Not come on. Don't be saying those things. That's terrible. You're going to blemish his image. He's going to start. We're getting along so great clearance and all the rest of us. Even the boner boy got paid. But you're going to just like you through that big riff between me and the mo. Right. Create a tremendous. Cazem. And you're going to do the same thing all over again by suggesting that gay thing. 567, 0560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T Verizon line WQAM. Well nice hearing your message to operator. WQAM. 0660, 0560 on the AT&T Verizon line WQAM. Pull it ready on. QAM. Okay. Nice talking to you. WQAM. Hey, Neil. I have a confession to make. And I hope this confession earns me a sandwich with a friend. I'm going to get a bit of that goes. Where's all the balls? But the confession is that I am cracking down to a man and I am having a good night. Yeah. So you just descent to send another. You're the chronic that calls online nine all the time. Yeah. Yeah. Get out of here and idiot. See do I know him? That's why I thought it was way back in the beginning because when he called the first hand, that's also a second call today. You're a chronic man. We don't play that gay money show and the one thing we got a book for Rellup about a little bit is and we started doing that is just informing him. You know, giving me the information giving me heads up and down and in and out about who these chronics are like the guy with the eyes and that crowd. That crowd. So he ain't going to put up with that crap. All those chronic assholes. 560 pound five 60 on the 18. Also we'd like to find out who lets Gilbert and the estate here in the afternoon or at night overnight. Sometimes. Right. Should have asked you a question about that before. I'm sure it's not him or them. I didn't say it was. I should just ask out of curiosity what the deal is. I mean, this is the kind of place you wouldn't anticipate people just wandering around just that kind of a place. McDonald's asked me industry to cut the use of antibiotics. We spotted the public health concerns about the overuse of antibiotics in farm animals. The McDonald's corporation said yesterday that it would ask its meat supplies around the world. We reduced their dependence on antibiotics. McDonald said that expected it suppliers to face out the use of some antibiotics that promote growth and healthy animals. And it's significant reduced use of other antibiotics that typically protect animals against disease. It said it's making the change because of growing evidence that the use of antibiotics in farm animals was creating antibiotic resistance in animals and in the bacteria that caused disease in humans. So in other words, if you didn't have big max. You could pop like 50,000 penicillin tablets or tetracycling or whatever. It would be a risk for a risk for a box of cillin. Exactly. And when do you know good? Industry officials said McDonald's decision would likely help out of the way animals are raised around the world because McDonald's is the world's largest restaurant chain. One of the world's biggest purchases of meat and one of the biggest perveres obviously up to this time of antibiotics that you didn't know you were getting into one of the first place. And speaking of Canada. Detroit. Americans visit border town to take advantage of a new gay marriage law. Gay American couples are being in the head for the port city of Windsor on terio. How's my good buddy Marty Adler doing? To take advantage of Ontario's court-ordered legislation of same-sex marriages. By yesterday morning, 13 gay couples three of them America had a granted marriage licenses in Windsor. Suburban Detroit residents Jennifer Patty and Erin James are among those planning to head to Windsor just to cross their from Detroit to seek emerge license. They just need to do some paperwork required in Canada certifying James divorce 15 years ago. We've waited this long. We can wait a little longer. Patty told the Detroit news. How do you like that? They're pouring across the border. Side by each. To tie the old knot. Wouldn't that be great? Let's have Clarence and like I said the other day. Let's have Clarence and the Beast tie the knot and the entourage. You could take them up with you. Then we take them to a hockey game. Right? Clarence can get us a sports fill. They don't have to go anywhere for the honeymoon. They'll be right there. We'll give them the old hymn and sweet. That would be sweet. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. Pound, oh, it's already going. I've pitched your pound five, 60 on the AT&T of Rise Line. Our second poll of the day are Paula. Which of these are you most sick and tired of hearing about? Reality TV shows 48. Scott and Lacy Peterson 36, the Hillary book 30. They do Harry Potter book 26. See they don't agree with us. I don't think. Because it's, you know, he just don't knock Harry Potter. I'll knock him upside the head. And shake a rolling. You know what she was doing before she started writing those books. Right? Resonant. Resonant. She was on the dole. You know what that means? She was on English welfare. She was just a bum. Chamber made. Right. A bum. Unemployed. Living on welfare. You know, he had this brilliant idea to write funny words. Sniffy snatch. Sniffy snatch. Kuzelwooch. But all kind of sounds the same. Yeah. The Middle East Roadmap 18 are most as sick and tired of hearing about that. Neal's movie shows 17. That's only 7%. Uh, how how Jackie Johnson's hell, some of those 15. We decided that Jackie's not so hot. At all. Not even Luke warm. Wuppens have managed destruction 13. Martha Stewart 13. Gov 6, the Florida Marlins 5, and Matrix only 2. Only a pair. They like Matrix. Wow. I guess. It's an old already. They're still a hockin' about it. Oh. Matrix 2 and 3 and 4. Canner Reeves did this and canner Reeves did that one and. Wow. Did a whole bunch of guys. I know. It's 11 after one at 5. 60 W. Kuzelwooch. You know some time itself would have guaranteed three things. Heat, humidity, and hurricanes. You know you can't control the weather, but you can control how you protect your home during hurricane season. The hurricane shutter in window shop provides the best hurricane protection. We just one call to the hurricane shutter in window shop. They'll be at your home next day with a quote for hurricane shutter's windows and doors. Customize the engineered specifically for your home. From panels, the courty and roll-up shutter's impact resist windows and doors. The hurricane shutter in window shop will not be at a sold. They'll be any written legitimate coat because when you do business with these folks, you're buying direct from manufacturer and wholesaler. So call the hurricane shutter in window shop. 1-800-5-380-191. They also offer cash and curfew to do yourself handymen out there. So if you're serious about hurricane protection, customize the engineered specifically for your home and you ought to be. Call the hurricane shutter in window shop. 1-800-5-380-191. That's 1-800-5-380-191. And be sure to tell them that ancient Neil told you to call. And roll-up shutter in window shop. This is 4-205-60. You're way too way, yeah. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter. The hurricane shutter. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter in window shop. The hurricane shutter. The hurricane shutter. The hurricane shutter in window shop. I'm ready to go to South Florida. How do you like that? I'm so really correct. How do we hate sued George? That's right. This is when you go on vacation. I have four hours to fill a while. I'm in my delivery truck. But what they'll let's what the CD is for in Georgia. So, this is great in my spoke. Which is it? You know, I'll be behind the back way of St. George blows. But this way goes. 5, 6, 7. Oh, 5, 50. I'm sure it's the bus to. Pound by he might. You like me a lot, you know? Absolutely. Reality TV shows they can't stand it no more. They've had it up to their ears. But don't tell them I worse that. No tell little damage. Oh, hey, this is a great story. New car warns of impending crash. Do you read about this? No. Honda Motor Company has developed a new computerized radar system that warns drivers an impending crash with slight breaking and a tweaking of the seatbelt. Ooh. The collision mitigation brake system will be offered on the most expensive model of the new inspires it in that goes on sale for 30,000 miles a day. For 30 grand a Japan Honda official said. There are no plans to export the feature or the inspire so far, but Japan's number to automaker hopes the anti-collision system will someday become standard in all-hant a Honda models. The system comes as part of a package of options is not priced separately. Japan's biggest automaker toiled a recent that came out with a similar crash warning system, which is offered as an option for a luxury model sol engine pan, sales have been limited with less than 90 sold so far. The Toyota system which breaks and tightens the seatbelt ahead of a crash doesn't go on until the driver first steps on the brakes. Honda system is unique in working even before the driver responds. A radar in the front of the car is dashed behind the H logo, detects vehicles when the rain to about 300 feet ahead. The system initially pulls on the seatbelt and breaks slightly to warn the driver. A buzzer also goes off in a small light flashes on the dashboard. Just the subtle warning. A bad, especially down here can't hurt. 670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and the rise of world of science. We actually got everything going again. We got the stories under the bedtime stories on our website. It's good. We're going to get the new pictures of there. The new bizarre sick in the grotesque stuff. Including the one that's going to be, now we're going to find that one of me and my new found appendage. Where's that going to be in the appellate? Probably. I'll get your part. There will be a link. It looks like there already is. Look, look, kind of leaves that. Look, look. WQAM. My new. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. I'm kind of my morning routine perfectly after fine tuning at all week long. I now start my car exactly when Ferrell was coming on the air. Right. I miss everything before that and I stay on while delivering the mail straight through to your done. I get a little bit of the mad dog and I'm a happy camper. Good. That's good to meet you, too, pal. Thanks. Cheers to guys like everybody. He's a happy guy. I want to be sour nasty, miserable little hit. Yeah. Yeah. And I'll those people who are on the air. We know that you're pathetic, you're tragic, you're useless. But there are enough of people like this last guy. Just enough to keep us going, you know. Like my friend Rick the Mailman. Well, he already tuned out. WDQAM. Probably the movie shows. QAM, hello. Hello. Too late. WDQAM. Yeah, what's up to me? Speaking. No. Yes sir. Good job. I see that movie big trouble. No. It was like a pot comedy. It was a bunch of hitman and bunch of actors. Never heard of it. Yes, you have. Big trouble. Million calls on it. Never heard of it. Yeah, but the funniest part is it's done in Miami. Yeah. And if you only see the two scenes where the hitman are waiting in the car and what radio station they have on and the babbling sports nerds that are talking back and forth both highly. Oh yeah, I remember hearing about this, but I still haven't seen it. Big buschup. Buschup. Buschup. Okay. Just why go let's you down like that. Thanks, Pally. What is the Qat scene? Is it? Yeah. Well, a Qat scene is one thing, but is it worth watching the whole movie for a Qat scene? No. I can tell by the look. No. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 sleepers. Don't forget I recommended highly. We're going to put that on my list since you resist on my list and I'm pissed. How about corrals in the mist? And I haven't seen that in a long time. But if you're a, I'm going to hit him with my fist. Q, a, I think you can. I'm a, yes sir. Jackie Johnson has cow eyes. Cow eyes. Cow eyes. How high. You know what I'm talking about. You got the old brown eye. Five, six, seven, 0, 5, 60 Jackie Johnson's got a brown eye bullet and get it on channel seven immediately. Okay. Break into that regular programming. Whatever they're doing. What do they do? We said the Fox shows. That code drive. Nobody mean like now. What would they be having on right now? What is it on like 42 on our, it sure is not on seven. Oh, no matter what. Huh? Oh, fine. It's on 0, 5. Yeah. Well, that makes sense to me. Sure. Why not? What's this little like demanded the night or something? They see or he's not the. But I don't know. I don't see. I don't see no caralokron. Joe. It is. No. No. That's all. Okay. Great. So like I said, why do you do not turn on channel seven? WC, you way. Hello. Good morning. You're serving. Good evening. Good. And ask you a bunch of questions. Are you like a speaker phone? It's recording. It's recording. It's recording. It's a recording. It's a recording. It's Arnold. It's a great call. They've got the sample things like the thing that we loaded in the DCS there with the Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. Right. Yeah. Like having a conversation with just drops like you do often. Are you sure? Yes. WC, I am. Innovator. Yeah. That's true. Fuck is all he's got to tick. 567. 560. It's possible. 560 on the AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line. I get spilky's when I hear about bill keys. I mean, seriously, that shows you how silly those people are channels. I've asked that for years. Nobody's got an answer. What kind of a name is that bell keys? Especially for somebody on TV. Oh, hi. I'm bell keys. I just feel keys. I mean, what is that? You got me. Bell keys, what if they? That would be better. Oh, come up with the name. I mean, most of us have fake names anyway. You can do a little bit better than spilky's new array. I think that might be a real name. WCOM. Neal and funny subtle. I bring you something. What do you say? Neal and funny subtle. It means breaded. And. I don't know. He wants you breaded. WCOM. Neal. Yes, sir. It's for a really Harvey firestein. Yes. Okay. Have a good one. Yeah. Boy, they really have run out this arman. Just just this last hour when I was looking to leave here on such a high note. On such a note of enthusiasm. If I look at this. Oh, there it all goes. Right down there. Through these in here too. Oh, you want me to say the Mike Mayo thing, though. That's what he's legit. That's the only thing I'll leave here. I want to clean up my mess. I don't want to leave a whole bunch of crap here. Not that I'm not. I mean, it's only 125. Not that I'm like, you know, planning ahead or anything like that. I'm like, you're playing. Well, I mean, based on these calls here, it certainly seems like a seem like a good idea at the time. WKOM. WKOM. See what I mean? QAM. Hello. WKOM. Yeah, my speaking. What the fuck? Little Bobby down there. Why? You realize where you are. Where you're stuck. You all stand there. I don't want you to get depressed. But you do understand where you are stuck to late. Oh, wow. I mean, these are these are really special now. These are the cream of the crap. WKOM. I really tried. I'm really tried in like how we're David. I can't stand the guy. It's for well six to 10. Sounds good to me. Absolutely. 560, 560, pound, 560 on the AT&T. See what we have now. These are not people who want to talk to me. These are people who are the announcements to make. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. And there was no conversation that's going to take place. These are people who want to make statements announcements. And that's it. That's no conversation. No. Don't let something. Oh, listen. I'll take it. For another half hour. WKOM. WKOM. WKOM. WKOM. WKOM. Yeah. This is for all. OK, for all. Have a great weekend, sweetheart. WKOM. Yeah. Oh, money go. WKOM. QAM. QAM. Quick call. Oh, oh. That was good. WKOM. I got you the best. How are you? Great. Listen. Check it out. I don't know. Everybody's fashion jacket. Johnston. I take her over like Belky's for example. Spielpy's. What we're not bad. We're not bad. We're not bad. We're not bad. We're not bad. We're not bad. We're not bad. We're not bad. All right. We're not bad. I don't know. I don't know. What about Adam? What about him? What about him? Who is it? I have no idea who that is. I thought he would call him. You're like the skunkade yesterday or something. Skunkade? Something like that. Yeah. You're like the pony's a ghetto. Maybe she is a skunkade. I don't know. I don't know. When he finds out, Well he just like I said we're not gonna have a conversation. He's he's thinking out loud I thought that was his spectacular The structure, every day, hey, hey, we gonna be touching Who's the one touching? I'm the same touching for the new day, he's the way But I don't think we'll ever find them They're within the perfect Yeah, I know from house to house and under the roof To validate the spin of all those white house But if you still need convincing to me, I'll see you at it For the dead don't you lie in front Oh, baby Look, he's all touching Who knows, touching Keep looking for proof of all the new day, he's the way But you know, they're gonna find them Hey, never had the amazing way Okay, speaking of the search here, we got a real problem on our hands Now because I don't even know what it's called, but that thing is Here's a nice facts, it says, hey Neil, I'm a first day listener of your show Oh, right This is my first day listening to the entire show I love the comedy bits you do with celebrities There's one big unit when some guy goes to a gate club and gets raped I was on the beach when I heard last time I had to volume We allowed everybody was laughing their asses off Right, Tom, please play that bit for me, Christina for my me beats Thanks Neil, I love the show, I'll tell my friends of high school to listen to the best So we got Christina from the beach who's a high school student, which we love of course And we do know what the bit is But we're Brian, who made the bit He don't know what it is What is it called? Something QM dating, something dating Well, what the hell is that thing? I don't know I got some discs in here, I don't see it on the internet I just Christina, what are you doing to us? I mean, I'm sure you must have heard it, or maybe you know, maybe she dreamed she heard it Or maybe it was just one of the dozen or 500 other ones where Mow gets raped I don't know But we're looking, we're searching people's like Christina, thanks for the nice facts And we are the best you write 560, 50560 Pound 560, so what we're going to do is Georgian and I will look through the this while being a boy You're racculates And keeps the audience bit Aren't you supposed to be filling in the breach here where we look this important stuff? This is a new, a relatively new listener And she's going to spread it through the whole high school But about the sport whole mind, I guess that's not it That's the wrong hole Mo in the beast And now how it gets raped Now that's just the ordinary pedestrian I mean, that could be anyone, that was the first one I think Faggot orange and ginger, yeldees balls Huh? Here's why it's got an effin' it, look at that F and something F and something I don't really, I don't really, I don't really Doesn't really get any bells away, what you want it is You do? I can hear it You can hear it? Yeah, well sing a song Stunts Oh yeah, I know what you're talking about too, but what's all that called When he's got an old what it is, he's done it I sang it to it What kind of old one is Booker Brian to turn into I thought I got that stuff that worked St. Amy, can we have a real chicken? Sporhal mind? No, that ain't it Cheese We got it, this could be number one was for bullets Requiem for mode, that's not it That's the one where guilty's dancing on his grave I think Mo in forrowed Ginger and Mo gave a union Ha ha, rape by Rick and Suds Don't find it yet I ain't go research in Christina I have no fear, we're working feverishly for you Can't find it, huh? No, that pity WQAM Wack or line QAM Yes sir Okay Jackie Johnson is the state of mind Right, that's what I said She is to TV news and to femininity What the rascal house is to food Exactly, right Joe Joe Rose said to us another girl on channel 6 That's even better looking. He's right She is hot I think he even told us it's a Greto's hotter than she is Oh, he's gross Oh, that's safe Not pity what they, I know we all been arrived a long time But Tony's getting really long in the tooth He's yours and that Jackie's Johnson, I think you're right I think I think you're seeing it Oh my goodness Good luck to you pal, thanks for agreeing with me Yes, Mo in the beast That's it Mo in the beast You had it in your hand just second time I had it in my hand and you tell me it's about what was he seeing It was QAM Yeah, that sounds a lot like that, doesn't it? Mo in the beast and QAM dating It sounds like exactly the same bit to me Don't it? Mo in the lawn Mo in the lawn Did I actually read that one in my list when I was going through these? Mo in the beast, yeah Oh, she's done it now, you know what's going to happen now Now I'll go through this whole stack And I won't find it again Like I said, Christine or whatever your name was, we'd like you a lot But quit scrolling my show What's find it? What is it? Mo in the beast, Mo with Thegador and Ginger There's Mo hit by a truck Oh, how it gets raped Did it? Uh oh, hold on, hold on tight Everybody on the beast starts squeezing their real tights Squeeze your cheeks together Because I think I had it on this damn well better be the one No both Brian's over to that? Yes One moment please Yes, I'm for the W-U-A-F-U-D-E-M-B-S-C-S Let's meet our beast judges Start it with the unless-reus-we're pleased Thank you Thank you, ladies and gentlemen Now our next judge needs no introduction I'm sure you're all aware of our wonderful morning Alright, alright out of my way to the tapitan What the hell? Without any other point, I'll do the do I'll announce the award of the beauty and the beef contest So I can get out of here and go home Alright, give me the goddamn envelope Here you are, Mo! And the winner is Bachelor-ret number one Okay, peace I am the beast Yep, that's a little toy behind that curtain issue date Is it gonna be Bachelor-ret number one? Or Bachelor-ret number one Let me say number one I think as you can't think we're all that fat in your hand No, wait a minute, hold on to me Give me a minute here, I can't think I- Number one Take up your mind, hold your face We don't want to be on the ground Alright, in beast, meet your mystery date Spore-hole radio program director, Clarence I was hoping you'd take me I always thought you were trying to cue Maybe later we can talk about sports, you said sports Stop it Clarence I am the beast and you're binding my arms Alright, in two months it's not at all Get the back of your hand What for, Mom? Roger, one young moron No, no, no, no, no, no, no Now I got to the squat you son and date to the crazy horse he saw stripton Here we are kids Go have a good time Thanks, where's all the brunt? It's a game club, both I'm a mother it looks like a audience in New York New York audience? Ah, bad bad back, bad back, bad sight, forgot What the sport I can't hear your music, does that look at that Sports, right? I said sports What? Oh! Oh! What's the sport? What's the sport? What's the sport? Hey! I love it That was well worth looking The sport wasn't it? We probably never would have played any at once For her, yeah, a facelift Well, she's ecstatic I mean, it wasn't one of my all-time favorites But keep in mind, gang rape is funny You're a wif... You're a wif... You're a wif... You're a wif... Hello? I know Oh, yes? Mouse Oh, Mr. Mouse, good morning, how are you sir? I'm not good, I know You're not feeling well sir? I'm watching the television The ABC 50-year reunion special? Oh, what an amazing special What a night to remember Night to remember for you How many times were you on camera? I don't know I counted 75 Really? It was all about you, you make well You've only been with a company I've lost 10 years at whatever And you're running it into the toilet What did you think of my speech sir? I thought it was terrible You're awful Why did I give the speech? Well, sir since I am the president and CEO of the company I thought it was a... Yeah, I'm idiot Well, we did have some major talent I mean, we had John's revolts at Tim Allen Oh, Tim Allen Oh, oh, oh, oh he went to leave Oh, I'll answer I thought it was not that per second, so I'll ever say it Oh, is that? No, no one, it's just helping you You're saying about Tim Allen? That, that and not the remix No, no, no, no, no We called him sick today Oh, I got paperwork up to my speedy ears! It's REMA's business! Put him on! No, sir, so you were saying Tim out of the house? I am on! Is that REMA's? Yes, sir. Put him on the phone! REMA's great REMA's service is not that good. What'd you say? What'd you call him? Who's this? What do you mean who's this? I'm not a man! I'm not a man! I'm not a man! I'm not a man! I'm not a man! I'm not a man! I'm a man! I'm a man! REMA's? Yes? Why aren't you here today? You called and sick? I'm sick from the last time. You know, like, siblings, and I'm the old, PD Blue. I'm a man! I'm a man! You're a man! You're a man! I'm a man! I'm a man! I'm a man! I'm a man! I'm a man! I'm a man! I'm talking about that, Mom. I'm not your off the cliff, REMA's! I need a little reflection, Mom! Okay, I want REMA's. I'm almost done here, Mom. What are you doing over there? What does it do to you? I'm just closing! It's a view, Mom! Put the McWomen in the account. Hold on. Are you, is he? Sir. I'm just closing! Well, it's been very stressful these days, you know, with the false schedule and everything getting ready. I've been very stressed. You don't need a jacuzzi in your office? You're terrible! What stress? REMA's three months, three months. Why do we have Tim Allen? Well, Tim Allen, a major star for the company. I think your star, he hasn't even had a show for years. I mean, sure. First of all, it was funny at all to neighborhood attention. You couldn't see his face and Tim Allen made you all his crew. Hmm? That's running noises, but come on! Well, he is Santa Claus. I mean, two hits Santa Claus movie. What? Fire. Fire. Fire. Fire. Fire. Fire. Fire. Tim. Tell REMA's- It's all for- I'm talking to- I'm talking to- I'm talking to- REMA's- Mr. Mouse is talking to you. He's funny, Santa. I'm no doctor. I can't even read. Not doctor. I'm talking. I forget it. I'm talking to a loser. We're going to have Hosec and Succo just on CNN just only moments ago. Test positive for steroids. What a shock. And that surprising? That's not- He's shocked in the state. Wow. I wonder how that putts feels from Pennsylvania. That's been 25-year-long bucks to take him in his girlfriend. And hang out in Jose's house. I wonder if Jose's- Oh, there's more- Sure. Here it is steroids, Royce. Hmm. Poor Jose. He just can't stay out of the way, but you know what I'm saying? Just can't keep his ass out of the way of it. Senate votes to allow drugs from Canada, eh? But- Well, it sounds like good news, but unfortunately we'll see where this goes. Because the Senate voted today just to sure time ago to allow US Farmers to buy prescription drugs in Canada, where the same it is in self or less, and resell them here. Another attempt to drive down the rising, outrageous, unacceptable grotesque cost of drugs in this country. The 62-28 vote attached to the measure pending Medicare prescription drug bill moving through Congress, where approval in the House and Settos expected by the end of next week. Lawmakers, especially those living in state's border in Canada, have been pressing for the change for years, spurred especially by senior citizens in their states who board buses across the border and by cheaper drugs in Canada. But the provision includes a measure that could prevent it from ever becoming law. It requires the Secretary of HHS to help the human services to certify that the re-importation can be done safely. Congress passed a similar law once before, but HHS Secretary of the House, because Donna, excuse me for being at the U.M. Shalala, would not certify that could be done without risk to her patients. Her successor, Tommy Cheesehead Thompson, said the same. That didn't stop the Senate from acting, Senator Byron Dorgon, Democrat of North Dakota, successfully argued that Canada safety controls were just as reliable as those in the US, and US consumers have nothing to fear from drugs, law from Canadian Farmers' services. So what it boils down to, we get as much a repressive anassels, trying to like prevent people from saving money and getting ripped off by the drug companies here. And they gouge you if you save money. That's what I'm just saying. Right. They're trying to prevent you from saving money. And Republicans should all want to do that to them. No, they want you to like, they want you to empty out your pockets and give it all to them and their buddies is what it boils down. Just empty your pockets, empty your bracket and give it to us. Trust us with it. We'll take care of it. Hold it for you. Right. We'll invest it. Yeah. We'll invest it. We'll call off a mid-tourge. Trust somebody with a great track record. 560, 560, pound 560. Absolutely. On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Long, which of these are you most sick and tired of hearing about? Reality TV shows 74. Scott and Lacey Peterson 48, screw him. Who the hell needs to hear about those assholes anymore? What about, she's, you know, she didn't feel undercut. No. How's the baby doing? The Hillary book 43, the new Harry Potter book 29. Enough with Harry Potter already. Okay. Enough with that. It was nerdy little kids. Oh. They look like him. They smell like him. They talk like him. They're like a little bunch of torpey nerds. And that's sniffy snitch. Yes. Sniff this. Wasold in the whiff for which? The Middle East Roadmap 27. Neals movie shows 26. Uh-huh. Too bad. Weapons and mass destruction 25. How hot Jackie's Johnson is 22. Martha Stewart 17. The girl, the 12, the Florida Marlins eight and the matrix. You're right only three. So I guess that's old news. Right. Old news. Ancient history. WQa M. Hi. Yes sir. Remember that guy that was talking about the godfather with the guy who killed he m and rock? Absolutely. And it wasn't covered in the movie, but in the book, they, when the godfather wanted to get Michael Holmes say, fleeing, get him clear to the murder charge. Right. they would get somebody who was terminally ill to confess. I always thought the implication was that this guy had another sort of suicide mission to go kill Rob. And that, you know, they took care of their families and perpetuity. Well, no, that was Frankie Pentangeli, that was his deal. Right. It's got an abat tub it open up his wrists. Right. The his family would be taken care of. Right. Right. And that was, we don't really ever know. I'm saying in other words, you can assume that if you want, but I just got the feeling that why don't you probably write because how the hell was he going to get out of there? Right. Right. That's what I always thought because he just opened his arms up and let him blow him over. Yeah. Name you could be right. I thought he was running. Not too fast though. He was thinking good to the other guy. I think the answer is not fast enough. Thanks a lot, Pally. I have a good summer. You don't just do just fine. Don't worry about him. No, this is mine, but Okay. I will because it'll be the summer. Please again. Take the can only. 5 6 7 0 5 60 why do you like them chocolate cover can only. Stores Mark is got. Oh boy. Woo, we ever had those. No. Oh, don't chocolate cover can only. Now see he wouldn't like it because he'd only chocolate plus he likes crap, bland crap. Ever have linsor troubles the wife's been buying those lately. Linsor, linsor troubles there. They got his I had wins or Pilates for breakfast. Windsor is that screw? I thought maybe Doreen was doing it. She's the one with a big fat ass. Screw Anne is doing. I won't help that picture. You could make she wants smell any better. Screw Anne is doing what's she got the bellows out? Is that what she's doing? Yeah, she's doing the bellow thing with her legs. She's a bug hunter. Yeah, the bug master poor screw Anne. You know, she'd look you could you could stand on your head. You could twist it or press off. You're still going to smell the same honey. You're still going to be the same infection riddled the piece of turd that you've always been. What can you imagine what's caught around inside of that body? Wow. You know who could tell you. Roy. He's got the road man. To a piece. Oh, I can't move. This is course where you'll find sick. You way, yeah. You fudge back him coming up tonight. Inside behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. They got us chanting along to their hit for some sugar on me. But could the song have been about sex? We'll find out from death lever. What ever gave you the idea was about sex? Sacks that is rich. Death leopard vocalist Joe Elliott spoke to inside the behind, along with his manager, Slappy Gold. That song is not about sex. Right. Definitely not. I specifically told the boys, right? A song about sugar. About how much you love sugar. And you want to pour it all over you. Right. In fact, if you had the choose between getting sugar poured on you or the luscious love nectar of some hot babe poured on you, you would definitely not go with a sweet sticky, the listening moisture dripping from the, ah, nuts. It's about sex. It's about sex. I mean, what you got us? I mean, of course. So why? Asked inside the behind. Did they feel the need to lie? Listen, things ain't been too good for death leopard since the 80s. We've been looking for ways to make some dough. So we're doing a children's album. Yeah, we thought we could put some distance between us and love juices. But the fans are going to love this record too. Don't you worry, the boys ain't going to compromise. No way. We're going to rock you. You know, it songs like my best friend is neat and it encroached the street with care today. Right. And then must do what mommy and daddy told me. Oh my god. Oh my god. There they are. Come on. You want to do that? I want to take drugs and body. Oh, no, no, we all got each. Death leopard. A band's got to do what a band's got to do. But we'll all show them those references to female secretions. It's a big juicy, stopping wet-look at show business tonight on inside the behind. Get that oil going. Forget about Korean. The notes they're coaching at the right wing. It's drilling it over and over it to our head. That a rag has some. Femphens of mass destruction. 3000 people killed. Our now forgotten. Let's exploit him instead. Hey, there's oil to be caught in going after satown to play Keto's summer. There's no longer mentioned out the name it lot is but no it's even serned all. Come be in complacent. Believe in every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through me and the manipulation as a right wing is drilling it over and over and to our heads. That a rag has some. Weapons of mass destruction. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now. Not see ask property saying I have nothing to hide. Table partners all are saying I know beating and cattle don't have any reservation. Out of provoked battle ends. World annihilation. Old regime must fall and have a virgin installed with no objection at all. Till the crackdown has a fall and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our parade was dead. I rack has some weapons of mass destruction. All we're fine. Only I rack has some weapons of mass destruction. Bye bye bye. If I had the ability to do I take you out here right now. Check your goddamn teeth. Absolutely.