Anyway, let's check in with Neo, Neo, good morning. It's gotten peace. I'm surprised B showed up today. I thought he'd be in mourning for at least a week. Yeah, you know. Me too. And then the dolphins, I had the Coltson 3. I got everybody all flustered yesterday. You know what, uh, Beast binge revenge? That's what Dr. Phil says. Hey, you know what I want to, uh, Hey, Neo, I want to panterkin the other night. And they just got done six to two. Now let me ask you a question about how about those Leafs. I've had a lot against the flies. I was going to ask performance. We beat little girls team last night. But I went to the game. And I said, I'm sorry. There at that San Jose game about 30. Um, it seemed to me that there was probably around my guess was 12. Maybe 10. Get outta here. The paper said 13, which, yeah, then there was 9. 8 or 9, yeah. Yeah. It was definitely, I could have, I could have actually played. I think at one point they were going to just bring some people in for a goal. If you're into that. Well, they were going to pick a certain seed to need you to actually come down and do a shift. I guess the backup goal to get a human shield. No, he's not actually. Uh, when you're, yes, I have a stroke. Well, when I've never heard of a guy that has an attic, there's a problem right there. The hero Bernad has a stroke. I hope so. What do you mean you never heard of Alan McCalli, X maple, let me believe? Yeah, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I was calling. He's got a guess thing last night. I came across the last hour by accident. I was somebody would have called and told me, hey, Neil, be sure to catch the three hour CBS special 75 years. Oh, yeah, that was the network special. Was that good? I saw the last hour. I would like to see the other two hours. But Carol Bernad, I think I have a stroke. She, she looked a little like John Craig, change. She was talking to the corner of the post. I'm big on John Craig. Yeah, he's a really great guy. He's awesome. Hey, and there a team of one thing. He ain't no bush, myster. Hey, how'd you think the dolphins looked yesterday? I thought they looked great. Yeah, you know what I mean? Well, today I'm pretty good. One question. I'm serious. I'm pretty good. And they want to make the blast. I want to ask you this question, very seriously. Yeah. Aren't we cursed down here? We may be cursed, but I have a nice house. But I may actually be cursed. You know what I am. I ask myself today that my goal. Look at this chick with this scene. Oh, I'm really good. I want to. I often all in one of the cases. I was going to win tonight. The canes was your boy Tom Brady with a nice ass better cover for me tonight as all I have to say. Yeah. Yeah, I'm doing money tonight. He's about that. How do you know he has a nice ass? Well, you've been telling me he has a nice ass and you're a little quarterback. Hey, you're a little quarterback and a little hard there. Yeah, the orange George is the one who's leading up in the ass. How about your other day quarterback? They did a nice job against Florida State. I love this. That kid's ass is a great person. I'm a good pummeled. I love it. I mean, if Notre Dame never won a game in any sport again, it would please me like crazy. I was so happy with the dolphin loss just there was knocking my knees together. I just couldn't believe it. 34 seed as a lighted ovans eat. She sits in her seat and cheers for the other team. What do you think about Bryan greasy man? He's got this problem. He keeps so like falling down and dropping a ball. Why do they keep showing? Why do they show his dad in the game? I think he's going to get you dead, but if an Oculus up there. Yeah, well, who cares to look at him? He's a little long in the tooth old Bob. Okay, which team is my son on? Which team where which one is he? I think listening to the ABC games on Saturdays is torture. Awful, he's brutal. He's so boring. I put that work with him when you're a new mvsball tonight. Oh, I'm channel 33. You mvsball. So did you say you could play in the dapple? Ugly kid of the games. You know who is pucked with a little ugly kid was? Oh, Bryan of course. Yeah. So how many people are dead now in Iraq? Not that the war is over there. That's just this hour. Yeah, that's just this hour. When are people going to, I was asking George this morning? When are people going to start getting pissed off already? I don't know, but how many more innocent Americans, plus all the other Iraqis that we don't care about? How many more people have to keep dying over the screen and live before they finally say, Well, we made a mistake. Hey, what's the story with the Episcopalians over there? Neal, you happy with that scene? Yeah. I'm sorry, but they're jamming it right down there. Throw it if you're part of that expression. How about the cover that you have said today? Free speech. Just not allowed on camera. I'll see you guys because you're talking. You'll get in the trouble. I don't want to get you in. Yeah. You need to be making nice comeback. No, you. Okay. Well, I as long as I get advice by you and how to deal with the two face people around here, then I'll be alright. You know, they say one thing and do another. Listen to me. I'm going to give you the same advice I gave to Mad Dog and the Humperer. They both took it very well and they're doing great. All right. Take the money right to the bank. Okay. Just take the money to the bank and laugh all the way. Okay. I'm telling you. I try that every day in my goal and light now is to slow down in my car and not die in a car wreck. Move stress free. Just take the money straight to the bank. Screw all the rest of it. Do whatever to hell and be growing. I need to slow down a speed because I am a train wreck. I am a road rage. Take a lot of vacations. I need a lot of vacations. I need to I'm building my own studio now. I'm selling them shows and I'm planning on what my goal is to take over this day. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. Who's that? That's Scott delusional. I call him. He's delusional. He's telling you. He takes on bad luck. I'll say how bad luck I am. I'm going to scott him. That is that he's incredibly dumb. Other than that, he's over. He can pick hockey scores. I know that. Yeah. He said the Panthers get two on Saturday. He was right about that. He asked the other one by four. Yeah. I went. That game was ugly. I saw somebody going. I was ordering a beer. I saw three goals going. They weren't ours. It was Alan McColley had to have. I know. Never heard of him. Well, there you go. I knew who he was. Now I played with your boy, Kaverland, McColley and all those fans up there. You know when Jack, 1967. I said, I'm going to take my time. He got bushwack and curler. Your boys don't win. Jack. It's like every year. It's like the Philadelphia sports teams. They're the greatest teams in a regular season. And then you play out the eating. He's joking. Gagging sounds. Yeah. You're gagging it. Kind of like the Catholic Church. You're those gagging sounds. You think there's more mosquitoes, west, or east, and florid. I think it's west. So like every day I get attacked now. It says I'm in the swamps. Are you out west in Boko? Yeah, I moved into a big, big, big, fancy neighborhood. Bad movies. Why don't you tell your house, take the profit and buy a place like in plantation acres. Right. Just a year. So come on here. Like you're serious. Only old Jews live in Boko. See somebody misinformed you. You have no business living in Boko. You got that right. Listen to me. The other morning I went to lead West Boko to get something to eat for breakfast. And all I could find. For like 20 miles was sushi and Chinese and Japanese food. And I said, I am in Tel Aviv. Yeah. That's exactly what I said driving. And I started swearing. I drove fast, excessively. I flipped a couple of people off. And I went back to East Boko. So I could eat with the Jews over there. Oh, you heard me, Neil. You're so early. Breakfast. I got to go to the griddle. Eat breakfast. Because there's no. I got to go to pick your little sack. Go to the rascal house. Stuff some pickles and pickles. I still get a funny house for life. Valence for life. Hey, Neil. I still haven't. Jeff. I take him a month. I'm going to run a corner. Let along. Give me my bed. We're going to balance for life. Beast. We're going to hell is where the spots were. The food. We're doing all in this show. We need to. We have the food of Shelley. Bloom. Send me clothes. We're going to fit for a little boy. I wear extra large. I'm going to get it straight. I'm as pretty as a girl. Six three. One. I'm six three. I wear extra large. They send me women small. No, no. Those weren't for you. Those were for Clarence's boyfriend. I didn't use those. Actually, they must have sent him to the wrong guy. Just take two of those and knit them together. You'll have something good for the beat. I got to go to the sports jam and then I'm doing hard for him. He's going to be scared. Oh, he's got to see a nail. I'm going to throw. We did it. We did it. Hey. Stampship. Power. Puppers over. This performance by the dolphin. Oh. Oh. Miami has the dolphins. They're the worst football team. They've flopped the ball from goal to goal. Like no one's ever seen. They're on the ground. That's where they'll stay. They're never in control. And when you say Miami, you're talking toilet holders. They're the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many teams in the league? I don't know. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Don't bet on them. You'll always lose. They don't know how to tackle. They don't know how to block. Their coaches ought to tell them to. They're going to tell them to. What then? They're in their jock. Then they would run much faster. And even in defeat. When we go to the stadium, we'll see Miami. And they're the Miami dolphins. Oh. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many teams in the league? I don't know. I don't know. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. The team that hasn't got a clue. Miami has the dolphins, but the dolphins have no fans. Just 50,000 assholes sitting in the stands. They watch the game and all they do is mowing. Quite the pitch. I wonder how Joe Robbie got to be. So got them rich and they're the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many teams in the league? I don't know. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. I hear the crowd begin to boo. The dolphins have free feedler. That quarter, backs at you. Run down the field and he will go up past. Over you. I'll never win. A super bowl you shouldn't be surprised. When he gets cut, that does mean that he was circumcising there. The Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many teams in the league? I don't know. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. She calls his signals and he brews. The dolphins have no deep in saying their offenses. This is a joke. Like George Bush eating pretzels. You know they're gonna choke. They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race. With fewer points than Park Marks on high zingas. Luckily, they sent there the Miami dolphins. That's the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many teams in the league? I am the dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Now they're free. Absolutely. It's 11 after 10 already. How do you like that? It's almost break time, George. Oh, let's go. Almost. Here's the first facet of the day like I said. It says very good by the way Mark outstanding. Aren't we cursed? No, aren't we cursed? And then it says, And it spells it right too. I love that. Just the right number of A's and H's. It says screw the assholes in this town of Canaan, enjoy life. Unless the football teams win. I love the Canaan dolphins. Guess what? I still had a great weekend. Nice going, Mark. The rest of the Barbison and Goi. I'm walking around town looking like a close relative. They're doing everything but wearing black arm bands. I've been down here almost my whole life. And I still can't believe this. When will I learn? By the way, thank you for your story. Thank you for your story and a website occurred on theivadeこのatility. This is the screw up of the traffic lights, that was extremely informative in eye opening. I can picture the drivers fucking over. So first thumbs up and step it up. I will rest in by the way. To see my guys, I got the equipment I subscribe to S裝. Do you want me to see my girls? Each of you got baked and they run off and makes a check. They return may go. Now, I'll get on my Philip I'll fight over. weekend from seeing all the all three teams lose. I shouldn't say that about the Panthers because that makes me sound like anti-Panther but it's just that the organization these new owners man they haven't got a freaking clue. They haven't got a clue. You should have known that when he had Bernie Kosar as the face man running around like a silly little girl. Remember that with that day he was in the studio? No. He was running right there. Yeah he was giggling like a little girl. Oh we got the Panthers. We had like a play toy like some kid who just had like a new play toy brought in. Like playstation 69 or whatever it was. Chris Bernie they kind of liked shoved him into back and he's basically out. They were going to use him as the face man. Hey look at this we got a guy we got a jack who's involved. We on the team. Do we have any idea what we're doing? No but we're fans. I'll go maybe they can pay to get in. 1013 at 560 WQM Imagine this Imagine zero closing cost on your next house. Zero application fees. Zero credit bureau fees. Zero discounted points. This will be the last mortgage you will be ever need. The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group. Now with a low amazing rate of just 1.95% that's only 738 months for a month for a 200,000 loan for example. Once you be finance you get your new home mortgage from financial group you will never ever pay closing costs again. So call when it down check this out. 1 899 for Oland. Grab real financing power with low rate mortgage that you can move to your next property without further cost or expense. Only one mortgage from financial group. That's why they call it that call 1 899 for Oland for details. It's a whole new way to buy. There is zero underwriting fees. Zero dock fees. Zero prep haven't been paid. Zero closing cost. You will when you moved another property. Just like all the work that the top record puts into these accounts. Zero get financing. It's just 1.95% call 1 899 for Oland and never pay closing costs again. Call financial group today 1 899 for Oland 1 899 for Oland. 1 899 for OLA and V. There were an equal housing lender restrictions apply rates of the change monthly 5.19 APR. Okay, I'm going to blow. It's a whole world after all. There's a bunch of teachers that you can buy. You can give and lunch with a rail pole guy. Take your picture. It's a snap sitting there in the boat flat. It's a whole world after all. Out into a whole world after all. To enter you must be this tall. The bad. It's a good job. It's a whole world after all. In 19 at 5.60 WQM happy Monday to 8-year-old Kipper. It only comes once a year. Even a glam should know that. It's not young Kipper. So, quality long face. Okay. I don't want to hear that joke about the horses at a horse or what is it that goes into the barn, why the long face. I don't want to hear those old steel jokes. I think Tim Conway and who's the other one Harvey Korman were doing last night on that CBS special. I think it was probably a really great show because I only saw the last hour but that oh boy. And you care of her and that have a stroke or not. We don't know. We don't know. Well that's fine out. I'll call you. I don't know. Of course she's about 110 but man's like talking on which is bad because we like care of her not a lot. I don't really like her show all that much but we like her as a person. She's okay. Yeah, right? Never stole a freight train. Right. She never stole a freaking freight train. She probably never like to hit out on one either. What are these faxes that are born across here now? Well last week you were ranting about the public subsidies being used for New Marlins Ball Park. You then questioned whether site probably available on the bit. About oh, look at this. This story from Sunday's here $80,000 for restaurant with seats 73 people so they can move a block east. I guess he used a wrong news example. But you know something Mike Mayo wrote his one good column for the year in the Sun Sentinel yesterday and I'm going to read it. How do you like that? It's on our website. Or at least it was yesterday. Maybe it's on today. Is it today? Well, whenever it all was. Where it's. Where it's going Mike Mayo and I knew he would do it less than a week after he wrote his his gushing column about oh the Marlins. This was so exciting and now is not the time to be being on their parade about the public money for a stay in Mosherton. Take too long, Mike. I probably embarrassed him into what you know. Sure. Nice going Mike Mayo. I'm going to read it. Here's the pull result from Friday. What's your biggest beef with Neil? 1730 votes pretty heavy duty because that's the kind of thing that they love. I have no real beef with Neil 632 36 and I have percent which would have been a higher percentage except for the fact that we had it all these other categories to give them an escape film. Some place else to go. 36 and I have no beef with me at all. The biggest beef they have he puts George on to fill in 222 12.8 percent. Nice going George. Thank you. Thank you. Very the competition. Too many vacations. 159 9.1 percent. So I have too many vacations. Too bad. Just jealous. He's too epic negative and I'm sure that with the three floor to teams losing over the weekend that they were in of course I'm just rubbing assault in the wounds. They would probably like to double that total right now. You're too negative. No, I'm just telling you honestly the way I feel. What am I supposed to do? Just lie a lot. Like Greg Reed. I threw my freaking team. Tell you oh gee what a shame that the offense blew that gamers that after that intercepts and they had to chance to pull it out and there's poor Brian dropping them all again got sidesteped and just pushwacked. Brian greasy got pushwacked. Hey Brian. Not a good idea. Quit falling down baby. Even daddy would have an octopus. Well, if he goes to get right on the ground. Is this habit of falling down all I told you that then I want to public it that's got yes I did. He's too liberal 96 5.5 percent. We know what tough to be. He doesn't rip mo enough 96. I could change 5.5 percent. I don't rip mo enough. 96. He's out of Miami too much 73 4.2 percent. Sounds like jealousy again to me. Does it really make a difference? I'll be in Miami soon and it will make a bit of difference. In fact, Georgia selection is to see me that when I'm coming to town he's going to vacation. Well, we know what we don't what we look like. You know. Yeah, he's in behind the same year. Yeah, we got to take your own reach other by not enough reading. In other words, not in a bedtime story. 69 3.9 percent say not enough bedtime stories too many comedy bits 68. What? That's less than 4 percent. I know. I mean we put these on here. Somebody was going to vote for him. And this is a good outlet. This is goes to show you. You cannot possibly please everybody. We do our best to come in and like screw shut up a little every day. But you can't please everybody. It's free if you don't like to show. Go away. That's all I know. No, I know. I'm just saying we're those people who hate me the most. They're they're they're religiously including that asshole that call last week. Oh, I've been listening to you for 13 years. Like this whole day today. Yeah. Goodbye. I don't like these story. Like these story. Too much poll talk 58. Well, that's the audience. So, well, remember we never even used to talk about the whole example once in a while the result. But the audience has kind of forced us. It's all they responded. Into yeah, this is what they like. This is what they respond to and the you know what we got to go back into though. I was just thinking about this yesterday. What hit wonders? No. No, I've got to go to the movie stuff again. Yeah, man. Because June and July is when we were doing that stuff heavy duty and look at our numbers we had in June and July. And despite some of the people again because you can never please them all. Oh, you're talking. I'll tell you talk about this movie. It doesn't look like movies. Who doesn't watch me? Exactly. Only only recluse assholes who sit there a dittle and themselves in the corner sitting around a house in their underworld. You need a movie to watch to do that. That's true. Too much poll talk 58. He's too much of a Fag 38 to put 1%. Yeah. We also should put on here's not enough of a Fag. So pardon me. We blew that. So to speak. He's too much of a Fag 38. He rips mode too much 34. Now keep in mind doesn't rip him enough 96 and I rip mode too much 34. So obviously they want me to rip more a lot more. He hangs up on too many colors 33 too much reading 17. Well get used to it. Not enough sports talk 16 too much sports talk 15. Now that is really fabulous isn't it? It's fabulous. No, seriously like canceled itself. I know because it's just they don't give a crap and too much foul language you have only only 6.3% the last by too much foul language. So anybody who calls and does like the language done as goddamn show too bad because nobody else seems to really care. I think that's quite a testament and tribute to all of us. In my case the Old Testament. Here's a fact from Pete who says no more colors. They are the cancer of your show and they're slowly eating away the little thing called entertainment. More bedtime story. What you see the problem with your Fag speed it's very well intended and I'll read the whole thing. But it's you know here's a guy who liked those seven months when I said here in red is you'll discover during the rest of this fact. More bedtime stories anything is better than the boring colors web nothing to say. Even more moment clips when he rips you are our better or dead air or transponder repair anything but for God's sake stop at a boring asshole call is web nothing to say. Love the show especially those months when you didn't take one call. Pete see why I'm coming from an at last sense there. He liked the seven months when we didn't take a call. I like them. George like everybody else hated it. Just George and me and Pete that's it everybody else hated those three of them. I guess. Right? Well there must have been some people who have a bright life. Not a huh? But the bright life. Go there's four. Not enough reading. How many votes did that thing have? Let me look. 69. It keeps popping up. All over the place that 69 number. Not enough reading. In other words, more bedtime stories. So Pete I hardly agree most of the colors suck big time. You can you can just smell it. You can smell the smoke. I smoke right over the phone. But that's just the way it is. Never got to change and stop Florida. Is it? No. So we do the best we can't. Try to satisfy everybody. That's all. And we seem to be doing okay because the money keeps rolling in. And the checks keep clear. And nice going over there. Beesleys. And by the way, it's safe to come down from the three. That's a cakeel guy he's back in jail. Well you I don't think he done it. You know? I think he has to be like a while there have been an opportunity sacrifices already. That's not a good example. No. Let's see. What's all this stuff? Try my targets. $80,000 from move. Try my tie one of Hollywood's landmark restaurants plans to move from its well known spot of 2003 Harrison Street. But customers will never problem find the new one. It's only a block east. What you didn't read on that facts is he has their at the bottom. That said they suck. Who sucks? That restaurant. There are few sucks and he's right. Oh, it sucks. Try my tie. Yeah. Don't try my tie. Well anyway, the city's downtown community redevelopment. They commissioners voted to give them 80 grand to help with construction costs. They catch your renovation and improvements to the restaurants outdoor. Well that's nice. How do you like that? I don't. So the guy who facts me that notes got a good point. That is that governments are subsidizing private enterprise, which is a bunch of blockcrap. Sure. A case like this. A totally privately owned business. And which has nothing to do with the common go to the public good or anything like that's guys in business. Oh, here's 80 grand. Put a new sign up and the spiffy up the restaurant and do all the stuff. Maybe the fool get better George. What do you think? Oh. 1027 at 560 WCM. If you're looking to replace that tired old carpeting in your home. Let me tell you about lemon and soros. This is the easy low maintenance alternative to expensive natural wood flooring. Lemon and soros is the best place to find lemonade wood flooring from the top names and universe, parodore, pergo, will some are a uniform or a quick step. And all of lemon soros flooring is installed by pergo certified installers who know what they're doing. Here's another reason to be called lemon and soros. Their prices will floor you right now. Get their falls special for just 1495 bucks. Just 1495 dollars. Got to 295 square feet of beautiful lemon wood flooring. It's unreal. And lemon and soros will match any legitimate written offer free free and home estimate. Call lemon soros toll free. The reason I'm stumbling here is I'm looking for anything new in this copy because they set this to me like little while ago. There's not one word change in this piece of coffee. Who's cow cow does this? Is this Adam? Yes. There's not one single solitary word. What is it? I don't know. Anyway, lemon soros will match any legitimate written offer. If you like a free and home estimate call them toll free at 1 8777773336 and don't forget to tell them that it's starting to rub off on Adam even now. What could be easier free carpet disposal? Fever furniture moving at 25 year warranty and years of beautiful easy care lemon it would floor and call lemon soros today toll free and tell them Adam. Toe did you call 1 877773336. As you see can't hear. I can't believe I'm the weather. I am the weather. Well, it wasn't even close. I exterminated more of great day with. The people didn't seem to care. I grabbed the movies. I didn't little miss. California has spoken. I've been a lot of women said I borrowed them in all it was like 33 but that don't care and the water's okay because now I'm done to hope a native of the country for the year. Well, I used all of my muscle and I used all of my sex up here. I just loved those new people and I made all those people out of which is the school. Well, if you're honest with your public and you tell them you're adding badmows free trust me therefore give you like it me and the lecture to the GOP. Here I keep changing the song. Most of my auntie little badman, so my Mario brother never had a prayer. Heravos, the boy the start of our technique is he still packed man on the way up. If it was a tiny hole, I'm the victim. I'm the winner and my hot wife is a candidate. And now I'm the group one made of the California G.O.B. 1034. I love the way that ends 1034 at 560 W to QM by the way. It's just and some of you may have to change your travel plans. The State Department has just issued a new Iraq travel warning. Oh no! You ready for that? I'm gonna get the money back there. Change your travel plan. The State Department says. I mean it just between Arnold and all of the stuff. You just have to wonder. Is there any hope? What's whoever? No. I guess we must be really winning now after the slate is to tack. Oh, I listen with 19 Americans killed yesterday including 16 soldiers. We must really be on a verge of a massive victory. Don't you think this must be a really good sign. It's almost over. Yeah, just like George Orwell in 1984, good as bad bad as good. Keep it in mind. Anyway, here's today's poll. To try to get you out of your doldrums. Okay, I know that everybody's very depressed and soft Florida. Yeah, he bad. What person does this best describe? Someone who used to be great, but is now a real piece of crap. Could be an athlete and actor politician. Anybody any well-known person? What person does this best describe? Someone who used to be great, but is now a real piece of crap. I put that we got four on here so far. I put down youracle in Russ, which if you're not a hockey fan, you have no idea who he is. If you know anything about hockey, you know that he used to be great. And now, you know what he is got? It piece of crap. A real piece of crap. A list tailor. She used to be great. Remember those days? Sure. It's long time ago. She was a great actor. Everybody loved Liz Taylor. They admired her. And then she turned out to be a spaddle drunk. Michael Jackson. Now, a lot of people will say, oh yeah, we loved his music. We loved bad. We loved all that good stuff. And then he turned out to be a pre-vert and a lunatic. Yeah. And Oje Simpson, who we thought everybody nobody didn't like Oje back in his football days. And he was in all them bad movies. Runnin through the M airport with his, it only hurts. That's what he told Nicole and Ron. Roy hurts for a little while. So we got Eric Lindros, Liz Taylor, Michael Jackson, and Oje Simpson to start out would ought to be a very impressive list. I would think. I got it. I have to take your word for it that he used to be great. Yeah. Don't I miss? Don't I miss his excellent. That's very good. He did used to be great. Well, you heard, you heard, we went to get. That's just a wonderful example. Of the great humor he used to pump up when he was alive. I mean, it's tough to be great when you're dead. Oh, so when you hit with all the other one 15 times a day, man, I got to, I got to be honest with you. I'm not jealous of too many people, but I really am in awe. I'm in shock and awe of the I man. It's just, this is a dead man in a chair with a best dupe-ass cowboy head on who sits there. They all fall on. Oh, yes, I'm man. You're right. I am, and you know, I was supposed to let news go whatever it holds his name is. And he's, he's, he's your mumble, double, double, double, double. Into the chest. Yeah, he makes Tom Brokeau sound like the great enunciator. Man. Three L.A. prepschool students made sex video official saying, of course, on this show, we want to know one thing where we see it. Where do we send our money? The teens will legislate distributed on the Sepulvata pass campus of an expelled. Damn it. I thought they should give them like at least take a look at it first. No, don't you think that will be a normal inquiry. The side, maybe they have a budding career in the dorm. You could have it in query. In a query, three high school students, a sophomore girl and two junior boys of an expelled from an exclusive prepschool in the Sepulvata pass in L.A. for allegedly making a sexually explicit video and distributing on school grounds. The trio made the video last spring when the girl was still a freshman. I wonder if she was a true freshman. Said, ready, rubble, hold it. The inoken community high school, which is affiliate with a Stephen S. Y's temple. Oh, don't, oh, that's you, yes. Oh, you've been. Well, at least we know they were circumspect. She said, number three had records of disciplinary problems. Maybe they were just horny. Parents and officials did not know that the video existed till one student told us parents about seeing a copy of a 10-day ago, Rubble said. Rubble who did not release the student's names were ages. Said to the students in the video seemed not to know that the recording should be, would be shown anyone outside of a post-circle jerk of friends. They seemed, or they thought they were just doing as per fun, Rubble said in a showed up in school, dammit. While only few students admitted to have seen the video, Rubble said most students said they had heard about it. And when could they see it? Parents said they and their children were upset at the revelations. One parent was not to be named sitter son of China, away from telling you much about the film because he knew I would be horrified. Oh, don't tell me this is one of those one of the pink and one of those stick videos. Rotisery. Parents said they and their children were upset at the it's that old two-headed monster. Parents said they and their children were upset at the revelations like I told you before the show where I foster said that big gigantic black instrument that's laying around the studio there is a weapon of asked destruction. One period was not to be named sitter son of China, well I just read that. Rubble said she hadn't seen the recording and relied on the students but identify the teenagers who are allegedly involved. All known copies of many stretch. She said, oh that's what they always say. Oops, here's another one. All known copies of industry likely stood up those unknown copies. Parents expressed confidence the administration had only incident appropriately. I have so much respect for the school administration said Jessica sat here who sent Danny as acquainted with the students who were involved. He said they were hung like a moose. Counselors next virtually invited to speak with students at the school and coming we stood discuss issues involving six and relationships. Rubble said he was where the students were simply mimicking what they see on TV. There we go again without the benefit of an adult understanding of what affect directions might have on their dignity. The students understand this is not acceptable but they think it's relatively harmless. Well there you go and maybe it was relatively harmless you know what? Were any animals harmed in the filming of this but now? All right. Was there like any blood and guts and anybody is snuffed off and they maybe somebody got off but nobody was snuffed off. So there you go again American. You can all benefit about a bunch of kids just trying to have a good time. We will be putting the locations where we can get copies of the tape on our website. Right? What can you imagine? Can you imagine the action we'd have on there? 5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. What person does this best describe? Somebody who used to be great but is now a real piece of crap. Why? And local. We are sports radio 560-USUAM. Okay. How do you keep a morning rockwiler coming up in your life? I live on. Playbone. That's right. Playbone. The magazine for dogs and our magazine just isn't about hot bitches and heat. Wow. Like her? That's creepy. The sexy-shaped poodle from Lincoln Heights, Illinois. But you'll also get lots of great tips like wiping your butt on the carpet. Eat grass and puke. If you have an upset stomach, kind of lick yourself. For clenliness and pleasure, I'll not to get caught on Master's Cow. Hot scoops or where to poop where won't be found for a few days. Leg lifts. Good exercise in a way to mark your territory with wisdom. The reality, the story of the bad master. You like it, Bobo. Easy, fella. Get your paws off my and get your own. Bad Bobo. Playbone. Finally. A magazine for your best friend. You're dog. Let me see those bitches in you. Check out the centerboat. You're a dog. You're a dog. What a magazine. Bad Bobo. No bad. Bad Bobo. 10.44.5.16. WDQ. This is a pretty good article. This thing about talk without dittos. Yeah. You're it. My jove parish, a Seattle writer. This was in a progressive report. Thanks to whoever facts this in. Talk without dittos. In other words, no dittos. I'm not going to read it, but it's just about the fact. Was we all know that talk radio is dominated by right wing lunatics? By raw shit about Ali North and G Gordon Litty and all the other right wing assholes. It's strong handed. And it says just one paragraph with a handful of exceptions. Such talk radio, meaning liberal talk radio, essentially doesn't present exist and talks about his wealth. He should cover company that wants to put them in a couple. 10 million bucks up. You thought I wanted to just say no. Good. Anyway, proposed national network for elective center, commercial talk radio. They haven't called us yet. Have they? No. Hey, when these people call Scott then you can call me. Okay, don't come in when some assholes got to author with a book that wants to put on a show of Jesus. And Norm, stop calling here. You jackass. God damn it. It says with a handful of exceptions, liberal talk radio. Essentially, doesn't the president exist. It's hard not to notice this aspect about an American media. Not so much of a void as a black hole. That's what the what's his name said. Roy. He said he's got a good one. There's not there's no widely heard syndicated national liberal talk at all on commercial stations. Only a handful of liberal hosts. Neil Rogers in Miami, Bernie Ward and Ray Tallahafar on San Francisco, Mike Webb and Seattle at the local level. Even then such hostar buried on largely conservative stations, sort of like time company musical day, and then throwing the stones or 50 set at night and hoping for good ratings. And that's a good point. Even though this isn't a political topical station, he got sports crap all day long. And then they throw into the liberal old the juve fag for good ratings, which they get and gooses up the whole station. So thanks again whoever sent this article because actually you're like a little recognition there. There you go, a norm basically what it's saying is that everybody also syndicated, except for these are left-winged comic-pinko bastards, like your client Neil. A norm don't call here ever again. Here's an obvious one for the poll today and how could we have missed it. You know, are you sure positive? Feel hungry? Right. Used to be great when I was turned into a real piece of crap and you are absolutely correct to a refact that in. What a shame. 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless line. Here's Hialia, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hi Neil. Hi. I had a question for you and a nominee for that poll. Yes sir. What, where can I get a copy of that Miami's open from you played earlier? Can. Best of New York. It's on the best of New York. This year, yes sir. Oh, it's on this year? You know it. All right, there you go. I don't know what this just makes room for. Well, right to our website, Neil Rogers.com and you can buy a best of the home right there in Sonny. Okay cool. I'd like to not just cut Riley for that list. Pat Riley used to be great. Now he's a real piece of crap, but he's still got nice hair. Thanks a lot, Pally. Okay. Thank you, sir. Pat Riley. How they've turned on Pat. At least Pat listen to the show. He's the only sports type figure in all the South Florida. Well, no, I mean not the only one. Great Hudson. Remember his team? Sure. Hudson's good. He loves the show. And we had Ray Witton. Everybody else and Paul Laws. Remember the Laws are? Nope. Well, I'm sure that Scott remembers Paul Laws. Oh, no. You don't remember Paul Laws? From where? From the Florida Panthers. You're some hockey fan, man. You, you, you, you, you, you and your buddy Scott, man. Between the two of you, you wouldn't know a hockey puck if they stuffed up your eye and testins. I've been suffering with the Rangers for years. Oh, cut the crap already. We need to buy the way. They're not going to make the playoffs again as you read the Rangers. It's just amazing to me. Talk about flushing money down the toilet and speaking of money. George tells me 37,295 is still our total for abandon per rescue with our best in heel stuff. And we didn't get a dime on our website over the weekend. We had tremendous, uh, maybe a record breaking number of hits on the website over the weekend, but did we get a dime one and a purchase? Oh, nothing. They just take a list of new. What? They use. They take. They don't give. Yeah. What kind of crap is that? That sounds like a, a communist bunch of crap to me. The products are great. The products are great. The most ED is great, which is this guy just asked for something he likes. And being there, it is it's on there. The more Howard David and Keychain, whether you like him or not, affect the, the less you like him, the more you want to have it, right? Yeah. Sure. Yeah. And we, uh, we got the, all this other good stuff on there. We got cups and, uh, saucers and flying sauces. Whatever you want, car, flying sauces. God, dammit. Royal family out of touch as the poll in London. Eight out of 10 Britain's eight 16 to 24. I believe the Royal family is out of touch and over-prolidge, but good for the tourist industry of British poll five. Ha ha ha ha. I love it. The ICM poll for the news of the world published yesterday, surveyed about 500 young people by telephone, the margin of area to, although 81% thought the Royal family was good for tier or tourism nearly 60% said they wouldn't cross the road to see the queen if she came to visit their town. If I cross the road, I see a lot of queens. In fact, I don't even have to cross the road. I can just look at the mirror. Only 10% thought the Royal's were important to their life, but 79% thought they were good for cheerities and 71% believed they gave Britain prestige your broad. Now you're wrong about that. All they do is make us laugh that much more at how silly you people are. Asked which Royal said good examples, 88% named Prince William. The Queen scored 69%, 69 and Prince Harry in Princess Anne, 68% Prince Charles was a 55% because he's a phalanderer and because Camilla Parker Bowles is ugly as dog poop. She does. She poops like a dog. The pool of she squats. The pool was conducted late October just days after it's held on Memoiria and we know that by Paul Burrell. Michael Mayo's got this great column. I'm going to read it, but I guess I'll take some calls first because we want to build up some names on the pool. We got to fill a Henry and Pat Riley added to the original list. Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes. Hollywood's what I hear. My tides are. I'm not a doctor. And also. That's it. One per customer, not and also. My old old friend. What was he great? He remembers Jack Johnson. No, no, seriously. He members Jack Densee. And Jean Tine. And Max Schmelling. In fact, this guy's probably not Schmelling too good at this point of his life. I don't think we're going to put Mike Tyson on it. He was never great. And anything was never great bot. So he was never great anything. It was certainly never great. First he was always a scumbag. He proved the old adage once a scumbag always a scumbag. That's so ridiculous. I guess I better hold on this. Okay. I'm voting for Eric Lindros being the big hockey fan that I am. Because I was thinking about that yesterday. He used to be. I mean, so great. In his early season, but a flyers after they got him from the air, if he refused to go play with a Quebec Nordic, which proved that he was a dick. Because he's just there. Real in his parents van. Oh, geez. Who would have put up with him? Never sign anybody whose parents are in his agent, right? But Todd Marinavitch. Oh, that's dad. Why? Like Todd Marinavitch is dead. Todd Marinavitch. Yeah, he was the kid who was raised to be a quarterback from day by day. Oh, I know who that is. Yeah. Kind of redo that. How about Pete's going to end of it? Who's the basketball player who's dead who played for LSU? Pete. Um. Mirror of it, right? What do he die from? Do you remember Pete? Pistol Pete. Pistol Pete, Marovitch. He's dead. I don't remember from one. Whoa. What? Oh, I don't think so. Which person do you? Does this describe the best? Someone who used to be great, but now is a piece of crap. OJ has got 11. I see now, you know, he's going to win. And now that was George's fault. You put him on there. Sorry. But you're right. Everybody loved OJ. And now everybody with a brain hates him because he murdered two people. And he's just come back and a liar. And all the other stories there, every time you turn around, there's OJ in trouble again. I didn't vote for it. No, I didn't either. I voted for Eric Lindrow, some of the one vote. 24 votes, OJ's got 11. Phil Henry VI. Phil Henry's got VI. Okay. Michael Jackson, four list Taylor, one Eric Lindrow, one pair, ready one. Oh, Howard Stern. Now, who put Howard Stern on there? We never even mentioned him. Oh, it's on your fact, but she knows. What do you mean? I'm just working the head. I already found the beat. Great. And now he's a piece of crap. That's what I heard. Why do you say now he's a piece of crap? What does that? I just boxed it to you. Well, that doesn't mean we're going to put it on just because some facts are said, we discussed these things first and right off the bat, you're said it them off the Eric. I think they used to be great, but I can't remember when that was. Now, seriously, I don't want Howard Stern on there. He's not a piece of crap. I think he'll let you know. I don't listen to his show and you don't like it. But that doesn't mean he's a piece of crap. He should be able to answer everybody else's ask and just about every market he's in, whether you like him or not. I think he's a piece of crap. Well, I don't care what you think. You already got your one vote. You got OJ, man. Maybe we could introduce Howard to OJ. OK. Let's give OJ a blunt wake. That might solve your problem. Or here's the facts. Craig and Miami says Howard Stern used to be great now. He's now seen now he's marginal at best. But it doesn't say now he's a piece of crap. I can't go along with it. Get him off of the Eric and don't pay any attention to what George says. Most of you hear me say it unless I articulate it and he notes you. Kind of like that I'm a two and I see it's a little bit of this. I think I've been my tongue, which makes it going to make me talk like I'm a stupid. Maybe I can make that kind of money. Here's the Mike Mayo column. Let Miami take the Marlon's foolish bait. That's too long. I'll do it after the top of the ark because we got all these commoials. You know, we got commoials and commoials like her goal of use to say from her beds. What's wrong with my commoials? Boy, I'm going to write that book you were talking about. You know, in fact, I got several books I'm working on right now. Get going. All right. Here's a lady in for Lauderdale. Hello. Hi there. Hello there. How about a local guy in sports? I'm surprised. No one has called about him. Wayne I Zenga. Well, when did I know you're right? I was going to say when was he great, but in the beginning, are you right? He was going to be looking. He brought, he brought hockey to us. I mean, anyway, that can bring hockey down here. He has to be here when my buddy said it was. He was bringing everything to South Florida. He's going to be with the Marlins. Right. I mean, the best to the world. I mean, I'm a huge hockey fan. I see you at the games all the time. And I know those fans. Is that an? You happen to be much nicer in person than you are on the radio. Well, this is just a really good question. I don't want to tell anyone that I don't want to tell anyone that I don't want to answer. Well, just a video show. I keep telling them that it's just a radio show. I have to be a well guy. I don't want to be a well guy. Isn't that, I think, you might be too nice. I'm sorry. Well, I'll try to be an answer. Next time I come to a game. Okay. All right. This so many more folks that want to get on your show, but I enjoy it. Fair enough. Excellent choice. Thanks. We don't have a great day. Go, Panthers. Go, leave, go. Go, Panthers. Penguins will be here in Toronto tomorrow night. Anybody go to that game? No. Now, there'll be the 188 to be 19,000 and some standing remotely. Mirriot, I don't think there's going to be plenty, is injured. Again, again. Well, kind of like Nick Antropow, he's professionally injured all the time. But he sure looks pretty good. 1056 at 5.60 QA. My life can roll. This is Portugal by 60. You ain't too many, am. For David's butch, are you suffering from clinical depression? Life just not what it used to be. Stingling your evenings with your mouth might open, watching reality shows. Too much of a sport hole to think about getting laid. Is that what's got your down, monkey? We'll get a newly-signed life at the Dr. Mohower David Depression Clinic. Dr. Mohower David is born. Yes, sir, the pineapple. And is here to make your pathetic life worth living again. All right, sensec, what's your beat? I'm the first doc. I know that you're more on. That's why you're here, right? Why I'll have to know I joined many famous patients. Yes, like home. That was, uh, Ray Cones, and Terran Cacop and Doris. Am a doctor, not a chef. I give you 50 bucks and get the f*** out of here. Ray, I gave you a... You think I'm a f***ing people, poison? Spray! Visit the Dr. Mohower David Depression Clinic today. And receive a complimentary single-edge razor blade. Dr. Mohower David, don't go, I went, baby. Don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go. Absolutely. 11.01 at 5.60. Nobody can be in the mad dog. Comes back to work today. It's about freaking time. All right. Two o'clock, two to four to seven, no, and two much off-time, man. Talk about taking a good thing and really stretching it, you know what I mean? No, I'll be a chillie for the seven. We got the Ricky Williams show with a clear learn, 978 o'clock, that should be like a wake. Oh, and then you got, uh, oh, speaking of a wake, eight to ten, the big. Oh, any K10, and you'll mark overnight, two to five an AM, and then we started all over again with a mole-mysterine, Geldie, and then for Relay to ten. There's the schedule for you. Right at down, put it on your arm like a momentum. And then you've got it all over your body. 61 votes. What person does this best describe? Somebody used to be great, but is now a real piece of crap. Oh, Jay's got, how many's he got? About thirty, man. Exactly. Phil Henry 14. Are you sure? Michael Jackson 10, Eric Lindras 3. There we go. We got a few sports of people. There are hockey people. Pad Raleigh appear. Liz Taylor 2. None yet for Don I'mus or H Wayne High Zinga. Come on. She had a good choice there. Maybe he just went on. You think? I got another one for you. Used to be great. Not just because he would write about me, but because he actually paid attention to what was happening. I will the market and about radio and now he's a real piece of crap Tom Jika. Right. Right. I think that's a good choice. He just got lazy. He doesn't carry rights all these pup pieces about network TV shows and basically that's all he writes. And whether his ass is sitting there or I'm one of his highly paid and dying and wind that press tours in LA, where but it really is. He's always had a touch with local market because he doesn't really think about it. Other than Rick Sanchez come back on a year and don't put him on here because even before we hit that guy to Stadium who still did, he was never great. Rick Sanchez. No. Unless he has Tom. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Oh, you sure. Yeah. I mean, just mine, but I, uh, not Riley. But I got another one to complete so I'll call him Powell. Cole and Paul is good. Very good choice. Yeah. Well, I can't get back to work man. And he's one more thing. Let me see your aunt either. Oh, don't say that to condolize it. They will have all kinds of problems again. Condolize it don't have no antidae to that to anardvark. No, I think she's got like a penis. I really do. I think condolize is got a big alarm mark president. She has an arbor with a penis. And of course, uh, and Colter, she's got a gigantic strap on that makes. Roll. Hey, man. A win significance. Big black one. Big black seven. I got to read the hang on a second on the phones. Mike Mayo. Nice going Michael Mayo because I know he listened to this show. Take a little advice for me. Don't wait all year to write this column. He wrote it today. See, or yesterday, whenever it hell was, let Miami take the Marlin's foolish bait is what he says. Mania, Marlin's main in all world series champions. You know, let me reiterate for the thousandth time how morally repugnant it is for public money to go toward the private enrichment of millionaire athletes and mega millionaire owners. That said, let me repeat my mantra when it comes to the suckers in Miami date in Newton, Marlin Stadium. If they're buying, I'm driving. Except if they're serious about an orange bull site, which is only a massacist could love, then my mantra will be past its hips and the remote please. If the politicians and populists of the South are vain enough to fall hook line and sinker for this latest fish pitch, willing to give away the store just to see the teamy named Viny Marlin's pile means they should build it better than that us. Our fans might want a new stadium closer to home, but there's little political will for it for once we can be proud of our elected officials. While Miami date leaders were busy cozing up to the Marlin's and basking in the reflected glory of an improbable title run, our thankfully stated a chilly distance. Maybe we should call in the Miami date Marlin's. This might have something to do with the way the county's last euphoria field sports deal went. When Broward Gleefully financed the Panthers, $185 million hockey queen in sunrise, during the teams run to the stand at Cup finals in 1996 seems like a lifetime ago. Public funds pay for $69,000. There's that number again, $69% of the ruin is $14.5 million annual debt repayment. $8 million comes from a hotel bed tax. Two million from the state sales tax rebate, the teams for $1.5 million share comes from Marina Revenuse. Meanwhile, five years into the 30 year deal, the Panthers have gotten to keep $99.4% of the $54 million profit generated by the arena. So much for a public private partnership as the deal was touted, and just look at where it's gotten a team, even with this golden goose, the Panthers think there were ten instincts and their hemorrhaging cash. How does this translate for the Marlin's buyer beware? New stadiums might be good for subsidizing wealthy owners and players in sports that have insane economics, but they don't guarantee long-term success in the stands or the standings. Just ask the heat, or the Panthers, or the baseball teams that have not been magically transformed by glowy news surroundings, Detroit Milwaukee Pittsburgh and so on. So it's hilarious how the money politicians can't accommodate the team fast enough, meanwhile this latest plans has more holes than a fishnet. Forget the fancival members being thrown around of let's talk reality. The Marlin's water-be-tracked-to-bill roof stadium, which little likely caused $400 million, and I'd like a home on star island about it respecting one else to pay for it. The Marlin's are pledging future revenues to partly fund the construction and return they expect virtually all the profits. It's us like the Panthers deal only with bigger numbers, and more question marks. The debt repayment on a bond issue for $400 million would be roughly 30 million year for 30 years. At this point, the parties haven't specified where most of the money would come from, although the usual targets would be hit hotel bed taxes, state sales tax rebate. Expect the politicians to pull a fast one, especially with dates sitting on a surplus from its county sales tax. That money is supposed to go to transportation and roads, don't be surprised if they commission magically labels the stadium a mass transit vehicle because it has escalators in moving roof. In a perfect world, the Marlin's would build their own stadium, and a reasonable world everyone could pitch in to build a modest stadium in logical location. In this world, we have underpaid teachers, students sitting in portables and lane-brain politicians eager to siphon public money to those who needed the least. Meanwhile, when someone asked baseball commissioner Bud Seedley, who had lead doesn't have a central stadium fund, he says, we're not of a construction business. Why should we be? My name is Marlin's never sounded so good, this is Mike mail. Mike, that's going, we take it all back. Come back home, let's say, okay, the coast is clear. Good article, great article. Yeah. Huh? And he didn't waste all the time, he didn't like take weeks and weeks and weeks and kind let the dust clear, so it would be politically acceptable to write it. He took less than a week after his fawn and con and from last to Tuesday, whatever it will there was. Nice going Mike mail, there's one good Jewish boy. Oh, hold the mail. Not scum, it's whatever his name is. Okay. So there's a little reading for you, I've got a lot of stuff here. Website porn, website porn attracts women by the millions. Black support for myriam elephant is crumbling. All right, some good news. Here's for Lauderdale, hello. Any other way with you today? Pretty good, sir. How about for your trouble from the bullhole right off the people's shelf and has to. Trouton has to know his excellent. And your phone sucks, but Trouton has to know his good. Thank you, sir. You can't help it. He had a crappy phone. He meant well, any of the good choice, right? Chuck Hesons. No, they didn't like Chuck Hesons. I mean, after all, he was like Moses and God and Jesus and Abraham and Solomon. You son of a bitch. Sarah and all those people. And now he's a gun, Totent nut. And if you watch Bullonik for Colabine, you'll have to watch that interview with him at least, uh, many, many times. Not third man. Because you'll be squeezing yourself every time you watch it. And then when he gets up and he like, he, I would go say, walks away. He likes shovels, shovels, shovels. Huh, he shovels. He does the old sound. Be shovels. And just shovels away and tries to like run and hide. And Michael Moore is following him. But what about this little girl? No, no, no, no, no. Yeah. Just like all the people who are dying every day, I want to say it again in Iraq. 19 Americans that yesterday, 16 soldiers who thought they were going home for a little R and R. And guess what? They're coming home. I'll write in a box. Where's the anger? Where's the outcry? Are we going to take like years and years like in Vietnam all over again? Because the public is being buffaloed by the gutless media. And by the slimy Democrats who accept for Howard Dean, most of them don't really have the balls. Although now of course it's becoming politically correct. Now they're starting to open up a mouth, give hard and carry it. Some of the others. How could this be going on in West Clark who now claims he was against it all along? Howard Dean's only to one guy with the balls. I'll tell you that right now. Is he perfect? No, is there any of them perfect? No. No. Howard Dean be the man. Here's a call from Newport for Virginia. Hello. Hey, now. How are you doing? Hey, I don't know if you consider him great, but I used to enjoy his show on HBO, but now he's a right wing core and a piece of crap. Dennis Miller. Dennis Miller used to be okay. Right. And now you're right. Now he's more than a piece of crap. I see him. I get annoyed. I get very, I get outraged. Yeah, he's a sad case now, but that's my contribution thing. Okay. Thanks a lot, Paulian. Have a great thing. Dennis Miller. I wouldn't say he was great, but I mean, you know, I'm when we say used to be great. He was good. He was good. Yeah, he was okay. He was an okay standup comic. And now he's a piece of crap. Now he's just a shield for every anti-human right wing piece of smegma man for piece of mung in the new pull, by the way, for the first time a slight majority over 51% American public says, we don't like the way Bush is doing a rack. We're not too happy. And that pull was taken before the 19, the people by yesterday. I hate to say it, but we're in a craigmear, man. I hate no easy way out. There may be no way out period. Oh, good. And to recap, to recap, these says in the new view, I should also point out that, guess what, just like all the Iraqi scientists had said, then never wore any wet weapons in mass destruction. We don't have nothing. And Sodom was lying and posturing his usual to try to like, uh, I am bold in his influence in the Arab world and get everybody else intimidated and puff himself up, but they didn't have crap no more. Nope. How do you like that? They wanted it, but they didn't have it. No. But they have these shoulder, shoulder-pumped rockets now, right? As you saw yesterday, when they had not won, but two, to take out that helicopter, and they got, by the way, thousands of those. Yeah, cheap and thousands. Right. Sure, make sure you feel real good every time you hop aboard a plane, a commercial jet and they're port anywhere in the country, right? Because so we already know that they are hoping and praying in the trying. They've tried it. Where was it they tried in Saudi Arabia right? A few months ago? Okay. And missed. Saudi Arabia. That's our good friends. They've been ladins in the Saudis who have those public executions where they chop people's head off in public. Thank goodness they're not far very collected Taliban. Wish we could get that cart of coverage over here. Those evil doors, the Taliban. Twelve minutes after 11 at 5, 60 WQM, he won't be long now before all of the relatives come down for the holidays. Or maybe your parents are coming down to stay for the winter. Oi. In either case, if you need a new mattress, then do what everybody at QAIM has done called 1-800 mattress. That's the number 4 dollar mattress. The mattress industry is full of only plain shell gains BS artists. At dollar mattress, no false promises, no bait and switch, just discount prices every day. On the great brand names that you know and trust in love, now including Stearns and Bananas Foster. When you called dollar mattress at 1-800 mattress, you still get to pick the day and time for delivery within any two hour window seven days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 at night, which means like between noon and 2-1 and 3 whatever is convenient for you and guess what? They actually show up. I've been sleeping on a mattress in dollar mattress for years. My back is doing great and you ought to be doing the same. Honest sale prices, fantastic service everyday low prices, same day delivery and free setup and move loads easy to see why dollar mattress is my number one in customer satisfaction. So don't get fooled. Don't get sucked in by these so-called giants in the mattress industry or furniture stores. They can't match what you get every day from dollar mattress. So instead of helping pay for somebody's big overhead, pick up the phone right now and call 1-800 mattress. I've called him George's username, Miguel Booker-Bride, even Fat Boy. I had to give him the extra king and queen. You need to call him right now 2-0-1-800 mattress, 1-800-MATTR-ES or online mattress.com. My life and love all this is for 3-0-5-60. You way, way, way. Cheers. Oh, back to hell, you be low. Go back to a jay. We need to go into a next-door-off, moving the real. Check out the anger firing ass. What you say to me, you wash a fucking hot cereal ass. I've been having your water ass and put me in a fire shower, I gotta wait with it. You don't drink, you don't drink, you don't make mine. You are back, you have to wear, you don't drink that little hole. You don't drink that hole, you don't drink the hole, you don't drink that hole. You don't drink that hole, you don't drink that hole. I'd like to thank him about it for welcoming me for that neighborhood. It's all kind of a kingle killer, I like that. It's 1117 at 5, 16, WDQM. We need to do a runoff one day just like for an hour. Let's do it tomorrow morning at the beginning of the show. Right off. We'll do a runoff of vote a poll between O.J. and Mohour David. Okay. Starts to think that's a good one? Sure. Because they both are so universally despised and reviled by the people of South Florida. I think that could be a good battle. Neck and Neck knows to know is like a firm in Ali Dar. Ooh and G.W. though. No, no, no, no. Well, this crowd hates him. No, no kidding. No, no, no, no, no. Schmidt. Oh, it's big enough that there was rum spell making the tour yesterday. They preserved my image and tried to polish it up a little bit. The rum spell tour on all the talking head shows. And what does he say about the incident yesterday? The incident about the, um, all the bloodshed. He says, oh, well, you know, we're in a war. And these things happen. Schmidt happens. That was a really, a very, very sympathetic, a very empathetic kind of a thing for him to say. Since his little, like God, the MS, not only is nobody, but never had a hell of a zover there in combat. On, they're showing it again on CNN, a guy who shot his lure because he was pissed off. The killer hiding behind the tree. That was, uh, and the amazing part that was in the courthouse where the rubber plate guy here was going on. How do you like that? And they didn't even pause. Now they just kept on going. Oh, shooting. Call us when something really happens. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Back in 1988 when I first just started listening to you with great and now it seems like. Yeah, this is the, this is the chronic guy. Yeah, that is. Get lost. Get a life. Okay. Get a life. Yeah. Now it seems like you're only listening to call every single day. What we have here is a failure to educate. That's what we have. Are real moron, okay? You already had a chance to bash me all weekend long. I can take it. But that's, you know, used to be great now a piece of crap. See, it doesn't make any sense because if I'm a piece of crap and you're listening, then it's a really sad commentary about you and your lack of education, your lack of common sense. Your lack of being able to reach over and find the goddamn dial to get your hand on that knob. Listen, please. To call it. Yeah, listening and calling every single god damn day over and over and over again. Like they show us your own personal play toy. See, this is the problem with the chronics. Some of them may be a little amusing at times. It adds a little spice to the show. But there are some of them who think like your friend Reverend Jones and a couple of others. That this radio show is their own personal little play toy. Just like those little group of circles, your coolios, you know the ones that are talking about. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And all of us said, well, it's my responsibility to put on your show for my friends for my ami, yeah. It's their intercom system. Right. That's right. They're own little personal play toy and are sitting there with a radio cranked up real real loud and they're playing with it. God, get all life you crazy sparks are you. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Neil, God. Yes, sir. I was probably OJ's boyfriend. Yes, sir. Neil, I want to be traveling on Wednesday. So I wanted to wish you first of all and early happy birthday. Thank you so much. And actually, I had my initial instinct for the nomination for the poll was Brock Berlin, but then I realized he was never great. So my actual nomination is Pete Rose. Well, that's good. That is really, yes. So I mean, I mean, he was Mr. baseball. I mean, I mean, Charlie Hustle the whole thing. Well, I mean, Mr. piece of crap. You're right. Good or man. I mean, you know, plus if you ever saw my the race track, you'd wonder, is this man needs some help? Did we need to bake or act this guy or why? All right. Thanks a lot, Pauli. I just do want to say this though, because Wednesday will be my 61st birthday number five and uh, you get to a certain point. I think 60 is a good point at which we stop saying happy birthday anymore. How about like my condolences, uh, my commiseration? It's just not happy. Crapy birthday because, yeah, crappy birthday. I like that because, uh, and then would like my mother says to me, do they? Oh, what can I get you for your birthday? Coffee. Yeah, how about a Coloss mean bag would be good, Mom? Oh, and listen to this. I want the entire audience to get the news. My brother, who's nine years older than I am, so the math ain't too difficult. Uh, uh, he was in town visiting her for four days last week. Okay. Okay. So my mother and I says this to me on the phone the other day. Very excitedly. And what does she have to tell me? Then the four days he was there. He only had a ball movement the last day. I'm not making that up. Oh my god. And I wonder if during all of his attempts to have a BM. I wonder if she was standing outside the door waiting to hear the old clock clock fist. You know, yeah, let's use to do it. Oh my god. I know you have your level ball because every time you do a BM, it splashes the water. So, uh, now this is a woman who tends to be like a little deaf. She's 90 years old plus. Yeah. Maybe she has somehow, but she must be standing with a glass. You know, a glass against the right listening to hear those magical sounds of the, of the, uh, good hitting the water. I think she's got the room wired. So I think next time I come, I'm going to have to find out not only how with the quality and consistency of my brother's BM, but also, uh, did they float or did they sink stuff like that? Nobody wants there about foul movements, Mom. That's her claim to fame. My 90 years of constipation by Millie. Oh, it's going to be a supplement to the book that you write, right? I couldn't believe it. I mean, even coming from her, she's got to give me a report on my brother's bowel movement. Good. God, lady. Get a life. Here's the call from I'my Lake. Hello. Hello, yes, sir. Hey, Neil, what's going on? Not too much. Hey, weren't even doing a wiki really in shock from a funeral home or what? Yeah, it's going to be from one of those big big ones. Tell me about it. The guy I want to nominate Jerry Lewis. Jerry Lewis used to be great and now he's a real fast face. Yeah, I'm a real fast. I saw the other day I learned he was huge. Yeah, one more thing. We are so not blessed down here, Neil. We are cursed. And to have a great day. 11 winestein. Although I'm sure he's not Jewish. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Jerry Lewis is Jewish. Yes. See, this guy doesn't understand about his disease. And the pills he'd de medication he's taking and made is head blow up. And he's, well, we've got a good good next one point because we don't really, and then the guy to call last week about, well, he wants material. He loosened his own wonderful guy. It's just out of nowhere. We're talking about something completely different. And he calls to give me a lecture about how why do we rip Jerry Lewis? And we don't like him. That's why I'm this show. It's like one of those thing. Oh, there's the guy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. His lawyer is attention. He heard two loud bangs and realized they were way too loud for any kind of a car background. I love his. This guy is a beauty. He never seen the, yeah, he walks away. Right. The gun back in his jacket pocket. And he walks away like he's just going to be like, that's it. Like he, he, okay, I've taken out my anger. I was put off. And that's it. You know, the guy's going to happen. The songs are off now. And I love the flying tackle man. Who came in practically. It was, if only the dolphins could done that yesterday at the right times, you know. Wow, that was impressive. And they're showing it for the eight million time. They identify him as William Strire pocket. And remember he had two guns in there. So it's such an ominous thing. And it was ominous. It was so close. I think we're watching. We're watching it for the 45 million time. Because now they got more video. And they're showing everybody running to the scene and the yelling, you crazy bastard and stuff like that. Because gun, the American F and Y. Why should anybody be surprised? You get pissed off. Like that. Bit leave got a shirt. Angry, shoot somebody. Angry at your lawyer. Oh, it's crap away. Here's a call from sunrise. Hello. sunrise. Hey, what's up, Neil? Yes, sir. How you doing? All right. First of all, you know, you thought like those, uh, show the rock and launches. Right. You think the bottles of warm want now? Can you? Yeah. Absolutely. Right next to the oozees. That's very funny. Listen, I work an ominous you, but if that was chronic, I'm not going to so I'm pretty sure I get some out of material then. Okay, your item material. Well, I'm not going to put my name. You know, you can bash me in Georgia and we can handle it. But Christ, Almighty, it's stupid. I'm a piece of crap. I'm a piece of crap. You're okay. Better every day. I like this show is fantastic. This show on on this end. I'll say it again. If I was doing a bad show, I'm not going to say it hanging up because I can't afford to. I need like, you know, 50, 80 million. But but seriously, I can't, you know, I would, I would know it. I would know it. It's to feel it for consumer. It's going to be 61 on Wednesday. I'm still like a live. I sound to have a lot of them here in a younger than some people on this station. I don't mention no names with their stentory and voice or I'm sitting in pontificating it all you pip-squate out there. How hip and cool they are, but they're lying green-checkered pants, stuff like that. Even on the year and a half older than him, according to that phony driver's license, he showed you. He probably got that a guy named Walmart too. Right next to the oozees in the goddamn rocket launchers. You know, I probably went out and got fake ID just so he could whip it out and show it to you in the T-room. Oh, if he got it. Oh, if he showed his ad version the T-room, he said it was no big deal. I've said it one thing. He's kind of kind of young. If he that's really his age, if he's like coming up 60 to be having a big bag like that. Funny said, by the way, is he speaking to that dope call me here anymore? Is he all brother? Did I have phone calls here on Friday? All from people. I don't want to hear from. A good close friend. Is he the handy man who has no business having his phone number? My mother gave him the number because she felt like it. And Norma Kent, who just keep will not stop calling. And then of course Scott there would tell me about some author that they want to plot on a sure semi of book. See if it was really only they want to semi of book. You really feel that you have to ask me, or whether can they send you the book? You see what I'm saying? I just are in dirt and judgment. No, don't just say I'm dumb. Okay. I'm dumb. Yeah, we're not going to. And another hole. Gray, you're an asshole. I do dumb and see if it in the show. Perfect. 27 past 11 at 560 WQM. Hey, speaking of underpaid and overwork people like asshole Scott. Maybe a lot of you out there were lucky to do high-pank. We just don't know how to do it. How to go a booted. Maybe you don't have four years to waste on sit-around college trying to get the skills. If this sounds like you, here's an answer for you. Pick up the phone and call fast train at 1-86-6 fast train. Fast train can have you train in certified for a high-pank computer network professional career or a high-pank medical computer specialist career in as little as four months. That's what it says here. You heard right. You can be fully trained and ready for your new career as little as four months. Fast train offers day evening weekend classes. They've got job placement assistance, weight and volume. And financial aid to people who qualify. 6 can be in the floor of dull locations including four and south voters. So there is bound to be. It just makes sense. The odds are pretty good. There's about to be one close by you. So if you like to really change your luck, it out of your dead end job. Tell your nasty ass boss to kiss your ass. Call fast train today. Tool free at 1-86-6 fast train and check them out of the web at fast train.com. Tell them that Todd Greck. schmeck told you to call 1-86-6 fact that I was saying Greck because I thought it would be like a plan as name. And it is. 1-86-6 fast train. I thought I was prepared for everything but I wasn't prepared for Jimmy to flush his sister's ragdoll down the toilet and then use a hammer and a screwdriver to fix the situation. No! It is not until next Friday but we needed a new toilet yesterday. I've got a crout. I've got a tingle. Me so pay pay. With check and go branches across the country, our cash advance is going to help you make it to your next day. I can't wait any longer. Thanks to check and go, we once again can go. I already went behind the couch. I used the cat box. I made pulling the clothes to my shirt. I don't know. Because feeding is days away. Hey honey, I don't like the new fabric sauce, man. It smells like crap. 1132 at 5.60. 28 till noon. That's for mom. The crap specialist. What person does this best describe? Somebody who used to be great but now is a real piece of crap. But there's a lot of crap going on. It's a crap. Look at everywhere you look. You can see it. You can smell it. A lot of crap going down in this government. I'll tell you that. And the public is going, like that. OJ72 used to be great now. He's a piece of crap. They hate you. OJ annoys you. Listen to the show. You're not full of nobody in between drug deals. Michael Jackson 33, Phil Henry 25. Are you sure? They think so. Chuck has been 11. I was a good choice. Dennis Miller 10, Wayne Hypinga's good 10. Eric Lindras 8. What can you believe that? There are eight people in the sun and even who that is? Wow. Pat Riley 7, Colin Powell 7. Used to be great. Used to be that light-complexed sports that we all admired. And thought somebody could be present. Now it turns out he's a total sellout. Total sellout, Colin. And your sons of piece of crap too at the FCC. Liz Taylor 4. Tom Jika 3. Nice go a little Tommy. See now somebody would say well that's only because he used to write all that good stuff about you. No, that's got nothing to do with it. He used to write really good bad whatever it was. He used to cover local radio, local TV, something going on that. Now he just writes a pre-fabricated crap about reality shows. And a lot of other crap on network TV. Don I miss one. Pete Rose and Jerry Lewis together. They have the big onion. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's my enemy. Hello. Man, I want you to play something. Yeah, play this. Go play with yourself. Here's in the great of the ones that try to like be copies. We got the imitation bridge tenders. We got the imitation I hate the bird guy. Get a life man. God. I should be that fact to get about the colors. Here's the call from Miami. When is this? Is sir. Are you doing? I got one for your ball. Yeah. Tom Green. Tom actually a very very good. I love it. That guy used to be hilarious. I don't know what happened with that guy. MTV. Like everything else MTV touches they killed him. Yeah, he has to figure a sample. They cut it. That's the gold man. I think that did it. Okay, thanks a lot, pal. That's a nice one. Who was that thing he was married to for about 10 minutes? Drew Barrow. Drew Barrow. That's right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line. Tom Green is out there. One thing we're getting excellent choices here. Sure. People who used to be great but now for whatever reason they become a real living and breathing and spelling piece of crap. Here's the call. I see Davy online. It doesn't compete with me. Scott, I could be wrong. How much you want a bet? You're never wrong, Neil. Wait a minute. Is there somebody at my door? Maybe it's not a home invasion. Talk for like 10 seconds. Okay, because I'm going to turn over the thing on my door so that I can open up this time. All right. That cheater pair is really great. How pooring of affection, hot babes. Show gave me a call. How is it food? Food is great. When I guess it's the maid down the whole, who's just making a lot of noise, maybe the maid's getting done by the janitor out there or something. Hope you're enjoying it, honey. Now what was I just doing because I got so brutally interrupted? Diner enough. I forgot radio show, maybe? Radio show. How are you talking about? What's our freaking radio show? How we come in at, uh, uh, that anybody bringing that check for seven, a thousand? Oh yeah. Huh? No, no, actually it's only 20, 2700 and five bucks will get us to 40 grand. And I'm sure that between Greg and Skoran and some of the other high rollers in that place where I'm donated to Dime yet, I think a band of progress you would be delighted to take their money since it's already November the third. God. This is, oh, I was just saying, uh, line nine and Davy sounds dubious. Here's Davy. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I got a name for the poll. Yeah. Another welcome name. Paul Caster, no, though. When was he, Greg? Well, before he started to ripen off, we're concerned that everything will be there. Now he's been ripping off everybody every day. Thanks a lot, Pally, but the answer is people I used to be great. Was he ever great? No. He's still always the same ripoff piece of crap, never had an original ID in his mind. Get two bits. That's, that's just time to fame. Bill and Ted, that's led adventure. And what's the other one? Shave it a haircut. Two bits. No, seriously. What would they have? Oh, Sammy. Sammy Smith. That's right. That was his, uh, Oh, that's not it. Oh, yeah, that's not him. But there were three because he did two Sammy Smith bits. Well, that wasn't the Sammy Smith tumbler. Oh, that's not even in here. Where the hell is it? You don't know. Remlins. I swear. I don't know who the hell knows. I think what is in here, though. And we're still not going to go to the stadium, by the way. But the congratulations, David. 560, 70, 560. Oh, but we want to win or we want to win. Look what happened to us this week. And now we're so cursed. We thought we were blessed. See, this is the way it works. It's the end and the end and the is what it was. You can't you can't just, uh, you know, be champions with everything. World series championship, big ticket taper rates. And then this weekend comes along all of a sudden for all the sports nerds down here. It's like a big fly open or man. Like their hurricanes highly overrated. The panthers think they joined out of like Mike Mayo said, look at all that money supposedly they were making. Where'd hell do they go? Where's that 10 million they were going to get the free agents who when they a blue pop out because he was such a bad disruptive influence in the room. Oh, geez. One thing about if you've got a bridge to sell, if you've got 80 million acres of great swap land and Everglades to sell, soft food is the perfect place to do. It's the greatest con place in the universe. That's where all the old farts are. Every every baker, every make believe, Dr. who never went to school for 10 minutes, Erbie got with a magnetic bracelets. The golden, uh, whatever those things are showers. Golden showers. Those are pocket rockets from. Roll. Everybody comes this offload because it's the land of the giant con. Here's a call from Davy. Hello. Yes, sir. Um, fuck it up. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and where I've arrived in the world's line. I'm given it my best shot. Do cop'sтьq triggers conclusions. When you're in an hour cash to the world of country When you know when the people of the world you need As a matter of copy you say And just call me in for a storm like when no one on the train Don't go! But the tax code penalized marriage And so we produced the marriage penalty You know there you go! How about the gamers penalty? That's the going! Good! 144-16 till noon at 5.60 there's Dumball man only Meas is to flap them ears a couple of times to fly away OJ is got 83 votes somebody used to be great in his now piece of crap 83 for OJ Michael Jackson 41 Phil Henry 32 Are you sure? Dennis Miller 15 Wayne Hype Pinga 13 13 Chuck Heston 12 Eric Lendrous 9 Colin Paul 9 A list Taylor 4 Tom Jicketh 3 Jerry Lewis 3 Pete Rose 2 Tom I'm as one and Tom Green just went on there A 246 votes Tom Green will get some votes on you think? A couple shirt drew a vote Here's a call from Boca, hello I knew how are you? Okay you got an nominated John McHage dear list John McHage? John McHage, yeah he's too much or a waitman Republican John McHage is the right winner He's becoming one because he endorses Bush Okay I say no Yeah He endorses Bush, he's a Republican man what do you want him to do? Yeah, pretty weak 567, okay we'll put everybody on a history of Republican, how's that? Okay, hello there only the Republicans they don't qualify because most of them didn't need to be great Like this one It means more jobs Right there you go means more jobs baby 3 million jobs lost since this bullzo took over he's doing it Here's a call from Papino hello Pretty good sir Let me tell you something There's one thing you're not going to hear coming from the dolphin block room any time soon And you know what that is? What is that? Like a roll friend Jimmy Johnson wants to I thought it was going to say We got a shot We're not the one Or that or anything else Like we're super We're talking super bullcos where the you know that I could play the song with the hated they were number two yesterday Come make you song came in a strong second in songs that they never want to hear in Robin Williams That's good I like that Sure Robin Williams used to be great Then he started making a series of them awful awful horrible movies Especially that patch Adam's thing would have big shiny red nose And everybody said are you f and kidnose or what? Are you out of your mind? Are you off your rocker? This is supposed to be comedy? This is supposed to be talent? Robin freakin Williams? Excellent choice thank you Website porn attracts women by the millions This flies in the face of all the stereotypes And it's only horny guys head of a sexual guys and faggotts Or sitting there on that there are PCs Just tap it and tap it and tap it away and on our keyboard too After putting her daughter to bed Maggie 42 routinely said it or computer for hours Memes rise by an online world Or to be Roddick stories and real time sexual discussions Beth 33 usually clicked on the most visually graphic sites Just proving the theory that only men are enticed by pornography A lot of people don't realize this happens with women too So Beth were along with Maggie and asked if their last names Not be real like Hannah Magin why How about just square and spend a lot of time on it? See she don't read her come she just mounts the mouse She mounts the mouse She's like a ride at the Rosaline Park in Canada They would call the Wild Mouse and square and louser mount the Wild Mouse She likes to ride it The myth began long ago press because women were really Seeing walking in the CD adult bookstores Oh God forbid But in recent years the accessibility affordability and an Empty of the internet of made pornography undeniably attractive to millions of women While some women simply find it exciting others in battle addictions and other problems They're addicted to porno Now look The next the next paragraph in this door What is this from? It's from the Cleveland dot com new house new service The next paragraph got all these like it's all screwed up You know what I mean? Like the percentage signs like every other word Julie NF29 of Wisconsin sees nothing but benefits Internet pornography is pretty much an adjunct to my regular sex life she said She has to make she views less than an hour a week and is open to my with her boyfriend They estimate that 9.4 million women in the US access such sites in September We email each other saying hi ha look at this or he he look at that or oh that's good Oh that's good. It's healthy if you want all the mechanics or the logistics of certain things You can get education inspiration to do stuff plus I just find it brilliant. I like it Others think can lead the problems There's some evidence that Internet porn is living even women whose values oppose it Well, I gotta loosen them up a little bit Some speculated forbidden fruit factor can make it tantalizing for religious women in particular Good. Watch out for that forbidden fruit The editors of today's Christian woman and evangelical magazine at her anecdotes of church going women getting hooked on porno So they conducted a survey asking readers of their newsletter if they had intentionally visit porn sites 34% said how do you like that? They said oh god, that's good While the frequency of female porn addiction is difficult to measure psychologists agree that some women as well as men Do engage in destructively compulsively behavior fueled by the internet Maggie said she began exploring pornography to try to understand what it was that captivated her ex husband Soon she was spending up to 30 hours a week Not good man surfing the went for a rousal. That's like four hours and a half a day She realized she had a serious problem when I couldn't wait for my daughter to go to sleep so I could hop on it and the computer too The light went on that I preferred porn to spending time with my child Well, it's better than the list of your kid I guess and then I guess the interactivity the internet makes it especially appealing to some women said al-Cupiore staff psychologists at Stanford After off sex at the internet a guidebook for clinicians We see women all the time of me now feel that attractive, but they get guys 20 going after them at a time in a chat room email and instantly All right, no wait a minute. They get 20 guys maybe they're guys are 20 years old going after them at a time in a chat room emailing them instantly That's affirming to a woman that's hard to match when your husband is in the next room drinking a beer maybe asking you if you're going to exercise next week because he thinks you're overweight and maybe you are maybe you're a big fat slut Maybe you've gone to pot When a woman prefers cyber sex to real say I love that word cyber sex to real sex or become a secret about her online porno use those are red fat flags Said Cooper, but it contends that online erotic can be helpful if you share this with your partner because you need some variety to weigh the spice things up As opposed to going to a swing club with George and getting all kinds of diseases nobody ever caught no disease on the internet All viruses viruses yeah While porno may rounds a couple's interest for a while real man who's real real real women with real vericose veins and real body fat Lose in the end because they can't compete with the image of airbrush porn queens said don't arise use present of enough is enough and organization trying to make the internet safer for families Oh, porno sells sex without relationships sex without commitment sex without consequences sex without love sex without children And sex for one's own gratification is opposed to the gratification of the other to which we say Oh, right Said rice who's who's all this is you know, this is Donna rice Hughes. Oh, yeah, this is Donna rice who's 87 relationship with former senator Gary Hart democratic Colorado and it is presidential campaign So she's become born again now. Okay. This is the landering bitch This miserable see you next time slut see got religion Or he just affects me even in pages here. Yeah, we had a run out. What is this that's terrible Denver fan of mine is this. I don't think there's a medical example of your poll that Dan Marino Well, what's wrong with Danny boy? He was even on the CBS special last night talking to those funky lips By the way, he had two lines Danny and you blew one of them. He blew it Don't put Dan Marino on there to what what the house wrong with Danny boy They're just jealous because he don't have them big teeth like yo-way head Here's one that says my suggestion for any Murphy. Oh, that's good any Murphy used to be very funny We liked any Murphy and then once you got caught with that trans sexual transvest that a whatever wasn't a car Then all of a sudden he turned into a asshole and it also says crappy birthday advance. Thank you George Lucas Yes, you everybody agrees with that says he should pass O. J. Pack by quickly What are you Ellen? Nah I mean he's he's no different than he ever was you know, I mean right still a leverage lead guy from Antalica and MP3 Nazi no Steve Martin. What's wrong with Steve Martin? I don't know no. He's just your Ferrari Oh, it says no. That's for next year. Okay. There's this how come God let Brock Berlin down Saturday night doesn't God know that he blew Miami's chance for national championship. Yeah, God. What's that? That was wrong with you man or something wrong with God God must have been busy doing other crap Like maybe help it to put out them forest fires in California man Here's one from Tracy and Kendall says I would like to nominate Michael Douglas for the poll used to be cool in some odd hot Now he just makes babies bad movies looks like he's been shrink wrapped Oh, excellent Michael Douglas get a minor. I agree. I just like Michael Douglas. We used to be on like streets of Thamfront, Thicco with Carl Moldim with a big nose And then he just thought that he was a sex pod. He just all became obsessed with himself. He's about as sexy as a pile of monkey done Good going Tracy Oh, here's a good one some pull ideals from Tracy. I want to save this who was your favorite child actor? Is there was? Huh, I Fred Savage and Rick Shroeder, Jodie Foster worst then movie remakes. Oh, it's a couple of good pull ideas I put into my pool pile. I got a pile of poles on it. Thank you Pete and died because he only had three veins and it was heart instead of four How do you like that we asked about Pete Mervich and here's the answer Minister and Lakeland busted again and Lakeland for the third time. We'll give the story. Thank you very much good fascist coming in 567.0560 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line O.J. is off to the races Michael Jackson is flown into second place Here's a call for Miami when is the as Miami. Yes, sir. That's you Yeah, I suggest Martin Moll for your pulse Martin Moll is pretty dull But he was pretty great when he was on friend with tonight and Mary Horl what is he on now when do we ever see Martin Moll? Well, he's actually with squayers Yeah, he disappeared. Okay. I've read through that. He was such a piece of crap. I think they flushed him Maybe my brother flushed him out of toilet amongst house in the night. Thanks for the trip out Martin Moll very dull. Yeah Was he ever great? No, no. I don't know that. I thought five six 7 here somebody who was never great farmers. Yeah Town five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line don't forget best in the abandoned pet rescue Get on our website and buy a whole bunch of crap. Okay. It's for a really good cause and we're stalled out When in doubt we just stalled out nothing over the weekend. Not one dime. Not one single solitary donation Not a shuckle now. How about the pilot check you've had from inside the building already? It's not even oh, yeah I got miles and piles. We got piles. Hey, thanks a lot Greg and screw in and Todd Drek and Troy Stratford and whom I leave enough Gary Sarder Gary Sarner and Humper and Mad Dog and Ferrell I know at a case gonna come through we just just have to poke him and wake him up on these days. Thanks a lot for all your help The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Rifle Association Let's face most of us will never be rich help. We probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressing But as usual with every problem, there is a solution Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns They scare the shit out of people intimidate them and it giving you whatever you want That's right handguns think about it needs some cash from a bank don't have enough money for fear All the convenience store takes chips and fretsles wire at it's all free if you've got a handgun Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend kill him to simple solution a life's complex problems Why have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the court Well, if you don't want to wait the five days who cares by the damn thing of the street just buy a lot of handguns It's a great alternative to working problems out and you'd be considered a population control yes handguns They just might make it fans Come on and five sixty w i didn't play the annuna one No, this ever is a right law, you know one right huh? It's never too late. I don't want to do it. Oh, of course is Governor Graham will not seek reelection in 2004 and they just put it on CNN Bobby Graham is announcing today that he is not gonna seek reelection to a fourth term in he was he is stepping down man He's headed his VDIs are rolling around. He's loaded with cash like five grams too bad. He's got no personality Didn't have a whole lot of money behind him. And nobody knows who the hell he is outside of Florida, but nevertheless He told it like it was all along. He was he was one of the guys with balls He's one of the few Florida politics that we can be proud of who end of balls to say hey, this is a pile of crap And you wore on terror as a bunch of crap and you're not doing the right things and you were like, you know ragging the old dog Speak out of that black support for elephant is crumbling a rye that's good news At the opening of the African American research center October 2002, can it actually be new already? You know most days we say can it is it only like new rate and now it's new and this thing is zooming on by God Damn it. It's what we like it. Let's play some bits at the open out of the African African American research center Not October 2002 residents cheered in supportive and battle supervisor elections Miriam elephant brow account is only black elected official a year later, meaning now hardly anyone in the black community is supporting elephant good It's about time you dark folks came to your senses and by the way not only will dark folks not be allowed to own guns from now on, but also not telephones Early on Miriam had a very strong black support stronger than estimated synthetic commissioner Joseph Joseph Joseph is eggled What is kind of a name is Joseph Joseph is egg golden that's a Bible name No Schmidt They were willing to stand up and go to war even with Democrats however since then black support is Wayne A killer tell I don't I never saw that name before my life e g g el l e t i o n once the staunch support of the oxen supervisor Said he and others can no longer defend elephant because she is refused good political advice and couldn't explain the recent firing center office to their satisfaction He said people embrace Miriam as their child But when it comes to the point when a child will not listen to you you have to let that child learn a hard way in other words when in doubt kick them out Publicly sides formed along racial lines creating a rift that remains elephant became a symbol of racial pride against the crush of white criticism Black's bristle when counter commissioners of taxor and public it appears now There's a large group of influential black people against her said e padlock and they pompeto beats commissioner And there's a group of non influential black people a supporter because they still think it's a racial thing It's not a racial thing. She's in top and you understand you get it. He's incompetent non-compas penis man. She can't cut the mustard God How about those 80,000 balance it never gets around to voters in brown. How about the people like that like a whole bunch of extra ball Man, oh just in case they want a few of vote a few extra times Well, those people just take their extra ballot miller to the people that didn't get theirs I'm just given to us we'll take care of him 567.0560 pound five 60 on the 18 t and for rise on wireless line What person does this best describe someone who used to be great? But is now a real peace of crap can be like an athlete an accurate politician a douchebag Where what hell it is whatever you like? Here's a call from Pompano hello. Hi uncle Neil. Yes, sir. I got a good one for you Someone who used to be great, but is now a real peace of crap. That was a new tint Ted Nugin he used to be great. He used to be back in the 70s man. He was the best and now he's on the board of directors for the NRA Yeah, nice the right wing asshole exactly. Okay, good one. He always was you know Thanks, pal. He always was what a right wing asshole. Yeah, but we know that though. So We didn't know that much about him. He's talking about musically. He used to be great and then he turned into a It's like Dennis Miller. He may have always been a right wing asshole, but he just didn't open his pussy about it And now he's just turned into a walking ad for the bush mice to render a fancizzum as well Dennis Miller is and Ted Nugin too They're always on a bad wagon. You know always is showing up at these functions stuff like that Don't worry, though, cuz rum spell says hey It's war crap. Yeah shut up Yeah, that's right. That's a great answer to the question, Donnie you idiot. You not see bastard you hair-mon-garing junior I think it's hair-mon-garing with bad glasses as well as same guy reincarnation Here's the call from Kendall. Hello Hello, yes, sir How about David Letterman? David Letterman is a good choice. He's for his ratings are dropper like a rock And thank you David Letterman's a good choice in fact there's a big civil big articles. I didn't bother with it cuz it's yeah Media trivia But Jay Leno was kicking his ass and I'm gonna tell you something when Jay Leno kicks you as you know You got big problems any other excuses from CBS well we got a week tendable. I've been lineup all the other crap I know it makes a difference, but I'll say this to you because both of them follow the the evening news So it seems to me correct me if I'm wrong But it seems to me if there's a program that you like to have these amazing things called remote controls that even people who live in the tenements have got remote controls Right, right. Yeah, that's right. We don't have tenements in the ghetto We get to take out remote controls even down there at Karakas that time where they had like the little 10 Shacks with the TV and turn on top I've actually they got a remote cuz they sure live in a real place So if you want to change the channel. It's really easy. Just click it man. What? See just cover Okay, no like that real TV. I'm playing back. It shows the lost luggage Why like that city confidential on any it's a good show the only thing is that guy buzz me the narrator Because he sounds just like Vincent Price and it's not of course because he's been dead a long time and I know the guys Name it I can't think of it. Yeah, you sure I'd rather listen to him than both blue screen It's a vital you yeah, I get out of here and I hate him. Don't you he looks like another member of the abund Well, plus creed I guarantee he's got one of them cards in his wallet 5670560 pound 560 on a AT and T in Verizon wireless line. Oh bad news for the bush lickers too State of California says bush ignored fireplay. They say the officials warned him of a tinder box California officials accused the bush administration of ignoring urgent please months ago for emergency help to remove Beetle infested trees the expert for corn could fuel a catastrophic Southern California fire The US Senate passed controversial legislation last Thursday allowing the thinning a forest across the west and another debate erupted over Whether dire warnings about a bark beetle infestation where ignored in Washington In April governor gay Davis requested 230 million dollars to move on healthy trees on 415,000 acres of forest but the request for emergency funds went unanswered until last week and then was denied denied you ready I'm ready There was reason the government requested the declaration said they they've a spokesman Steve Maviclio And I'm sure there are a lot of families without homes who are disappointed that it wasn't approved Democratic Senator Barbara boxer speaking in the California in the Senate on Thursday's debate on the healthy forest bill Complain that President Bush had failed to act on the states request for help and that now Californians were suffering We name three of the four counties that are up in smoke and we begged him to declare disaster We begged him we saw this coming a mile away The bill passed 80 to 14 out of half the state burned out You ready for that? For more than a year California officials are fret about an infestation of native beetles that drilled in the trees mostly pine and fur They feast on barking carry off fungus that blocks the trees vascular system from carrying water Did you know a tree had a vascular system? Yes, I did I didn't know that sure a vascular system like a trees got a heart yep Come on Yeah, can you can you hear it beating art jokes Never eat an art a choke heart yeah, say there Well, be damn I feel bad now healthy trees normally can reject the beetles, but the bugs cartiofe are love of our Deshocen Italy man those those are Greece's man. Is you know how to cook you know? Yeah, they can cook up anything Healthy trees normally can reject the beetles, but the bugs have thrived because of a four-year drought as we can Tows the trees in Southern California leaving them brittle tender Well, it used to be brittle now they're just ashes probably How do you like that so once again this president just you know not not on top of a sleep at the switch Too busy killing innocent people 567 056 the pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Let me say it again When is the public ever in America gonna finally get mad how many of these tragedies like yesterday? How many more American kids have to die? Before the public finally starts getting pissed off. It's as hey, this is like dizzy wall overg it This is like Vietnam We didn't know what the hell we were doing there and we sure as hell don't know what the hell were doing in Iraq Because it was all based on predicated on a bunch of lies and it was all planned before 9-11 anyway Think about it and then get back to your sitcoms here's Miami. Hello And reality shows yes, sir. Hey fantastic good to talk even listening for years Oh, right. Yeah, it's been incredible you do a good job in part of the good job too I guess the poor and what it make was in regards to the guy's dying overseas It's just incredible that the country does nothing Everybody's quiet you don't hear any talk about it They're they're just de-sensitized to violence and death and destruction. They don't give a crap as long as it's not somebody they know or care about They don't seem to give a crap they just accepted and Secondly For the abandoned tech rescue how come they don't keep the CDs with them when they do a dolphin game Who's they I I'll the guy to the QAM I went up to the boot and spoke to somebody and I said that surprisingly nails so popular, but that we don't have any of the CDs Well, wait a minute. They said what? There was I don't know we wasn't one of the broadcasts. I might have been somebody helping out He said surprisingly Neil is still popular, but we don't have the CDs Yeah, he's no surprisingly Neil is so popular. Oh, I Like I guess maybe a couple of people all this times me had asked if they had any CDs with them Okay, that see you don't understand that would mean that some other part of the radio station was interested in helping us out and they're not Recruited yeah, I mean it's like you know you make the station Without you without you in George. I don't think I'd be listening to them. They can just shut it off and the turn of key and a lot. That's right incredible Thank you One said maybe when I first after a few months on a station he said before you came here We didn't have any ratings actually said that which was kind of a dumb thing to say but what you expect from Greg something dumb I mean why would you say that to somebody? He's like oh how much you want you want 5 million 10 million? What do we want? So let's work on it by the way We don't have new copy choice reference. He on vacation or something if you've seen his ball the dark Completed in our store. Well, what's what the hell's the story Troy? Today is November the second I got copy for Pompidopark that says for last week, which I know this is for last week God damn it Troy This seriously who is in charge who is running that God damn places? There anybody when I'm there next week I'm gonna tell you I'm gonna kick some ass I'm gonna put on my steel boots Would as spurs on it. I'm gonna start kicking some serious guy damn ass My foot is gonna be up most of the way. I know that joint especially the sales people that screw in course in her case You know everything else has been in there Why don't I hold my foot What are you can't complain about the job there? Do one cuz they're not doing any and that's all of them all of them Adam he's so I just to do a WWE he sends me a new piece of copy that's the same for Betham as the one from last week and a week before that He told me they changed the word they they changed the word. Yeah, but he didn't tell me which one I got a word for you Adam 2013 at five 60 WWE Tension horse racing fans Pompano Park is open for their 40th anniversary season featuring top class harness racing every night Well, I'd every night, but Monday went to the Friday and Saturday and high stakes poker New post time for the first race including tonight 705 PM. I bet your fat rich is their pludgeon is guts out People under G you lost a lot of weight. That's cuz he's been pludgeon is guts out they disappeared at Pompano Park 705 PM is first post time for harness racing in the poker room is open new to midnight Airv live racing day was like I said right now Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday Pompano Park's also got the best in summer casting every day's and night seven days a week The best in harness dirt about high-line action fall across North America and don't forget general parking and admission always free At Pompano Park new this season a 20% increase in versus a nightly giveaway of a $400 betting voucher and a revamped free power player rewards program That gives you points for you the betting the horses or playing poker the economy and for special gifts and betting vouchers And every Wednesday at Pompano Park is dollar my for draft your hop dog so does and more only a bucket piece Pompano Park where the action is don't forget first post two night several five p.m. Pompano Park is a black south Atlantic Boulevard on powerline road called 954 972 2000 for new race schedule or if you want to get the simultaneous and full schedule go online at Pompano Park dot com It's day You plan the town Have five six oh W You You Coming up tonight uninside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity news of biography profile story They had one of the biggest selling singles of all time with woo there it is But woo there what is tonight we find out from tag team Well, I was at the gastro in suralleges, you know cuz I'm my impacted bowel tag team co-founder DC the brain supreme and he finally gets me on cloud norm Sam and it just blasts out of me like you know Whoa and the doctor goes there. It is we couldn't believe our ears He was talking about popping a squad a great honest incorporates ever aspects of his life into his music Even that moment when your final in loose enough the squeeze one out again. Oh No, you're fucking kidding me tag teams warm-a-manager jet students nothing so five million copies You have any idea how rich we got off that song and now you're telling me it's about taking a **** dump that is beautiful Now at last unissuing of the steaming pile of his own refuse which inspired the song at Lentenated DC the brain. That's it all hang out during a recent reunion concert at the Fulton Georgia Kelly fair Tag team they made their money. See you might as well know we're going to mention foul movements one more time It's a big juicy shopping went look at show business tonight on inside the behind there you go I wonder if my brother said that to my mother you know when he came out of the room to hey my I got something here to show you I guarantee you're in damn Tia shaped like this here's the fact that says before he gets wump with taxes and birthday cards Oh, yeah, and all sorts of party favors. I want to wish you a very happy birthday many more says Hudson kisses from PR route. We're loving PR route even all enjoy George likes to him, but all the other or we can I can fly George or like to Reekens that's cuz all the space they all hate each other. You know, it's one of them things like did you use the orthodoxy and conservative to reform Look at that pigeon washer wish I had like a a P-shoer like Ted Williams used to have a VB gun. Yeah, of course I probably have to break the glass 108 votes man OJ they despise you. He's got exactly double the next to competitor Which person best describes that somebody you used to be great, but is now a piece of Craft speaking of that a lot of crap going around of day going down OJ 108 Michael Jackson 54 and that incredible exactly double Phil Henry's got 40 doing pretty good. Okay Dennis Miller 26 Wayne highs in the 17 Chuckest and 16 15 for colon Paul. He's Roland and he's lying I'll pat Riley 12 Eric Lindroshten. I was my vote. Hey Eric used to be great. You suck You blow jury Lewis five list Taylor five any Murphy five times. Rick has got full Tom Green three David Letterman Pete Rose George Lucas and Don I'm as two years. Remember the fast. Oh, what's George Lucas goes on here? He'll go zooming by OJ Right, he's all a way up to two vote Robin Williams won Michael Douglas and Ted Newgeon have got the big None so far I'll want you people to watch Oprah. I got some prayer warning for you Yeah feeling stressed unable to cope perhaps you should turn off your TV so this says According to a new study Fans of the Oprah win free show have highest rest levels than those who are not fans you ready for that. Oh, I believe it What did that? Yeah, it's enough to make you puke According to the study 5% of the countries that led population or nine million people so they feel so much stress They can no longer cope half of those said their fans of the Oprah show Do you watch Oprah? Yes, and I'm stressed out. Yes, but I'm not overly stressed No, I'm still stressed out no, I'm not overly stressed that was the question Then be the questions the study was commissioned by Hale Dwaskin author of the Sedanimate that which offers readers methods to relieve anxiety and preparation for the release of his book According to a news release announced in the study Either watching Oprah lead to anxiety or severely stressed Americans are drawn to work to look for solutions on her show He said the release however most likely conclusion we can make is that people who seek out Oprah her life Performing TV are probably just more aware open honest with her motions. Right. Yeah The study also found that 76 percent for 76 percent of fans of the Oprah show So they wish their lives were com or almost 20 percent higher than nine fans Fans of the Oprah show were also twice as likely as nine fans to say they were unable to cope with a stress in their lives So maybe they can turn on Dr. Phil He can he can bitch him out Ever see him together with judge Judy same person 5 6 7 0 5 60 see that's what that's what I totally this the other day That's where it's that bitching people out. That's what America loves watching somebody else get bitched out because for once It's not them No matter what it's for for being fat for being unfaithful for me whatever They want to see somebody else just get and bitched out and get and stabbed in the back and humiliated and treated like crap because at least it's not them And with that in mind are we cursed down here a cursive here's a call from Hollywood. Hello Yes, sir Hi, what's going on here? How you doing sir? I got I got I want for you for today's full Dick Clark Oh, he's going out standing He is a major asshole thanks a lot, pal. It's a good choice. He must have seen bullying for Columbine Dick Clark nobody didn't like dick and Then all of a sudden we found out from Michael Morthing good to see my I don't care what anybody says I'd vote for Michael more 50 times This guy of course he would never get in because he's not you know, he's not owned They don't have all the strings attached him like they have all these other damn puppets from me. No, no He's not too front page just these two unconnected. He's not owned by the big corporations He doesn't have to answer anybody which is exactly what we need what we want I don't care whether it's so Wesley Clark was just handpicked by the Clintons and then that gang of people you know and Any of them except for Howard Dean who seems to be like at least a little and of course Gebhardt the unions are pulling all of his strings Plus it affect you talk about wimpy. Oh, man Dick Gebhardt would be like another Michael Duke caucus in water mondial. It would be like just saying okay Why bother wasting your money on election? That's what we just we just can see defeat we throw in the towel We forfeit the game, right? Oh, yeah 567. Oh 560. We're looking at this Toby Dodge inventing a rack holes and how palp out here The Russians the French and the Germans were they were asked to help contribute troops and Financially and they turned the US down that's certainly the case. There's a lot of bad feeling about about how the war was launched about how the You were at the trouble at the UN but now now that the war is over now that there's clearly a lot of problems I think the French and the Germans are gonna have to be asked again But you're gonna have to bring in the United Nations much more sensually to allow other countries to pull in Let's take another cross-time's off of constipity You know maybe my mom can give me a good talk and do 567. I guess what mod is more to life than just crap okay? I realized that when you get to be old and you're waiting for that last breath But there's gotta be something more than Geez a lot like she said if you could just have a good one once a week She'd be a static Precisely she'd be happy camper just one really good one once a week She probably didn't take pictures the hook God Here's a call from Miami. Hello. How you doing Neil pretty good sir? I can't believe you forgot one person You always mention one the year how are Stern? Haven't we already been to that a great life Howard Stern I as much as I mentioned I don't like his show I'm not putting them on her because he's not a piece of crap It's one thing if you don't like somebody's working on like they're show But he's a giganticly hugely successful and he's not a piece of crap See that's what they don't understand. I mean granted is show used to be a hell of a lot of fun You're a lot better than it is now assuming you listen But the he and a piece of crap Instead of what George said because you're a journal like him so therefore everybody if we just put everybody Unless that we don't like We could like help this to the end of the year. You're like for that. He used to be something. He was the show used to be a hooter You should be very very funny. Okay, and he's another apologies for all president and say this war and everything Yeah, all right put him on there. He'll make you guys feel better put Howard Stern on there Okay, because I have no actually run on his be had that's for God. They am sure But if you want to put Howard Stern on there go ahead and put Howard Stern on a poll. Okay, and the only reason I sent you a facts of Howard Stern again Because it's one out of five. I'm only fact seeing one out of five Howard Stern facts is to you. Okay Put him on there. Hey, that's how it's how it's spam 1226 and 560 WCM. Let me tell you about a great place for all you died or is out there You know everybody in the world in fact you're even some of your cartoon this morning about the Edkins died. That's how popular it's becoming Everybody who's died in maybe 90% either run atkins south beach died sugarbusters low carb sugar free That's where it's in for most people The only problem is is that they're boring his hell and you need some taste You need something sweet something with some variety That's why the lights come in so strong because it delights a Westboker your search for all these good things is over They've got a worth thousand low-car product in the one great store and don't forget you can try any of me for your buy-in-two They got biggles and breads and cheesecake's muffins brownies chocolate's pasta Great sauces. They got pasta sauces very very low in carbs dips and soups ketchup's carb-light ice cream Champion light drinks and five great flavors walnut brownies by control carb apple cinnamon granola by carbs since crunchy pretzels by carbs Since and don't forget the Edkins products are on sale all day every day Act the lights til I says open seven days a week from 10 to 10 and you'll find them on the northeast quarter of glazed in 441 X to bought to market safely far away from where the moment lives column toll free at 1 877 low-carb L-O-O-W-C-A-R-B run web it's low-carb.com Delights a Westboker absolutely be your official atkins retail center. Oh watch out Dr. Bob The way I have a safe trip to Toronto ginger Be safe. Why don't you go back to Canada you too fast This is Mary Ellen fish box and I saw my opponent more at Morton and he's new your city bosses ran over a monkey My opponent Mary Ellen fish box has her period three out of four weeks a month My opponent Morton got fired from the mall for sexually harassing a mannequin Well my opponent Mary Ellen this box it's leftover fruit from dog glasses My opponent Mary Ellen fish box never off at a reach around Your frigid bitch Where you're a less phone Digs bigger For my friends of Morton and Mary Ellen fish box 1231 at five 60 WQM happy Monday to you What person does this best describe someone who used to be great, but is now real piece of crap We finally I came then put ourads turn on there after how many fashes Third man a bunch are you tongue tied now or what all right here? Okay, OJ Simpson 160 and I don't think nobody's gonna get near OJ now. They know what's good for him. He sure can't run Michael Jackson 50 even what I'm bad our three techniques playing golf all the time. You know 116 Michael Jackson 57 fill a Henry's got 40 are you sure Dennis Miller 29 Wayne High Zingat 21 Chuck has done in a colon Powell 17 of fees Pat Ronnie's got 12 people to slick here in the Ronnie Reagan haircut Eric Lindras 11 and then a single digits Liz Taylor six 80 Murphy five Jerry Lewis five David Letterman four time Jacob four time green three in everybody else like pretty tiny anybody I would zero. Yeah, did Clark. He just went on or you got none. He'll get some Out of 307 vote don't forget to mad dog returns to the sacked and oh right after a long long extended I guess vacation ever what that was going on wouldn't it be nice if they would tell us these things Call the trouble guys clearance or a mop or somebody yeah give us like a little information was Amanda John vacation last week was a these usual busman's holiday. What's going on guys? And instead what I get from the February morning is like his health report about how good he's feeling and about his heart is still in one place And he's still beaten it in his heart to yeah Mad dog at two the hoppers at Chulos 4 to 7 the Ricky William show which ought to be a real major embarrassment Which it already is seven away tonight to Cleveland or you know what they're saying about your rookie We signed the fact that you can't run or land a well security the big Any K from ten to two and Joe Markov and I tuned about 30 six yards on 13 carries my right Scott is that what it was he's on the phone It was pretty Paul tree was it was embarrassing was pathetic As the dolphins had that unbelievable opportunity in the last two minutes of the game on it in herception So yeah when and not pull it out they get all in the Mari finally came to field goal all in the money used to kick him far a no more You used to kick him far a well that's Canadian a and And then they have a chance to pull it out and here comes from blind side and Brian greasy gets built in from behind and there is the ball and Brian both on a ground That's Brian's problem he's far toward this for weeks now people haven't made from what I'm hearing He spends too much time on the ground on the floor Here's my me late. Hello You sure I have one question for you. Yes, they're in the Canada always time Have you lost your memory of your greatest friend? It should be number at least two on the list and who's that? $50 When the house he great Well, it was great. Yeah good good fun that you know No You got him confused with Stan Major God all mighty little the Larry King dropping doesn't have anything to do with me. I would load a 50 cent of has to do with everybody else that he knew in South Florida I Didn't it wasn't 50 bucks either was like 5,000 here in the thousand there in 10 ton not to mention all the bad chase He passed it Gulfstream They never paid anybody but Just guys got Larry confused with Stan Major ever seen together same person Only at least Larry don't want to borrow one of my corvettes. How is his car's in his shop? Hey stand don't ever call my house again. Okay, you and norm can 567 056 the pound 560 on that this business is good how people's phone numbers it just it's outrageous, you know Okay, other it's my mother whether it's normer can't people give it out your phone number isn't it custom early just The proper the polite the reasonable thing to do saying hey so it's a lot to get in touch with you. Is it okay if I give you your number is that what right normal people? You do yeah, but then again I said normal people then I mentioned my mother and normer can't the same sentence which of course is Major joke a stand major joke You mark my words that'll be next stand major be calling here. Well when you get back to town I like to borrow another old sucker from it times a kind of tight I'll give you a number after the show I should have no problem doing that for him because after I'm an overpaid talent That's right Cuban president Fidel Castro praised governor like Arnold Schwarzenegger's muscles But wondered how much brain power the former mr. Universe has how come a fidel can figure it out But of orders of California couldn't Judged from the photographs he has a lot of muscle, but they haven't tested him to see how much muscle he has in the brain The bearded goofball quit during a five-hour speech Friday evening closing a Latin American social sciences conference He may well have more force in his arms than in the brain cast rose 77 770 former Austrian bodybuilder who went from a beat movie acting a Hollywood star and governor of the richest US state At least he has the murder of having that a lot of exercise At a cast rule played basketball and baseball when he was younger how many years ago Anti-cast rice house in Miami have called on California's future Republican governor not to trade with the communist run island Where cashers been in power since the 1959 girl led revolution earlier this year a California in Furby can the first American company To sell seafood to Cuban for decades under a 2000 law that E. US trade sanctions to love the sales and agricultural products How do you like that? It's working pretty good to that policy isn't it? Oh, yeah, look at that one. You're pretty the bearded one in this area like on a verge of revolution and overthrow and the freedom. No, it's working pretty good. Aliana you crazy bitch 560 560 pound 560 on the AT and T and Verizon Wireless line here's for a lot of deal hello For a lot of deal hello yes sir. Yeah, I don't know if you've ever been great I know he's a crap. I do you're a rum field said yesterday about the disaster and I rack yeah I did I talked about it three or four times already today. Yeah Was he ever great? No, no, he's always been a piece of crap in fact Did you see the club they showed was on 60 minutes of the news shows from Nixon? No saying that we're gonna have to he's on a way out any way So we're gonna have to like eliminate him which we're not really sure what they were talking about which way but at any rate That was ancient history He's at least consistent rum spell he's always been a big piece of crap Here's a call from Miami. Hello Miami, what is deus? Yeah, sir. Any This above all loading your poll with sports figures all those just the Oh How about how about Kobe Bryant How about he's all adjacent but you know he's pretty much a piece of crap Is he been convicted of anything yet? Oh, it doesn't matter okay. Well there you go. There's a guy that just reinvented the whole justice system Yeah, the jury's still out on that one. Yeah. I mean I wouldn't put him on here He's still playing with a lakeers. He's still pretty good basketball player assuming that means anything which to me doesn't but never less Though we hit Kobe Bryant on our pool tomorrow. Oh, yeah, that's right. Which of these you least interested in hearing about for tomorrow See I'm doing polls days ahead Then we have to just back some in and go back to bed Query to what Tom jikers said. I'll just thanks to pull in to you guys then you can handle it all right Well, that'll be my contribution you have to admit that's the biggest It is true every day right coming up with something new and interesting in fact Eric what Eric ought to be doing in a spirit time since this is not one of those That we're gonna change today Maybe we ought to like go back here. We've done over a thousand polls now Yeah, we started doing right and we ought to like start rehashing some of the old ones I'm not talking about the graphics surveys or really, yeah, we do those like once a year They said Ellie on about some of the stuff we haven't done in a cool stage Right, right Ellie on Gonzalez. Send it back keeping here. Yeah, Ellie in Gonzalez. What do you think sure we keep him here? We send a band Ellie on Gonzalez and what about the Pope? What about that alien in the Pope table? Let me go to gold 21 till one at five 60 W Q a and what I tell you this thing is zoom it along today. Sure is Oh, you know it's the phone is there like really a slack off Yeah, so that's why I'm starting to talk a lot more slowly now good Well approaching Wednesday approaching that birthday man. I know if anybody would have told me You're gonna still be doing this crap on your 61. I just said, oh, yeah mama speaking mama What about you want to ask a jonder day what they want for your birthday How about I a provian friend here? Huh? My surprise. Well, anybody a present for my birthday certainly I think what I'll probably do is take a friend to a Ruth Chris for my birthday Winston or how's that so and all by time see I'm not I'm not one of those people I don't want presents. I don't expect from anybody else. I'm a giver man. Well too bad. I'm a giver not a receiver Go, oh, trust me what I'd say. Oh the pain. Oh God no Well, you're laughing, but that's your bad man. You want to inflict that all these poor women? Just because your wife keeps doing the rascal's to just because your wife keeps turning down That's how you like you're gonna avoid hearing that. Does she? I don't know I guess not does she what I'm not talking about that You know you don't make babies by sticking it there man. I'll say that right now in fact no God drama diaphragm Okay, I'm a real live-frame and try to instruct him because he seems to be having trouble lately finger ring Oh, I should have stayed the course. I wouldn't be in this. Yeah, that's right if you Hey, big news Halipani Xeam C is just in vote of the number one punty Xeam C theater in all of the county customer satisfaction And our friends Tom Lemon and Joe Prieto are pleased his punks and they want to thank all their loyal customers for their long amazing support Stop by Halip and why do they're be sure and check out the party act vibe? Normally retails for over 20 grand, but you can buy it fully loaded at the hell right now for just 16,500 plus tax and tag How does your truck headquarters with over 300 to choose from including the Yukon and Yukon Yukon and Yukon? That's what I'm sure must be like the X-Seller something. Yeah. Hey Bob I said, there's a misprint in a copy A head of a seat, but ourselves department does is they just take a piece of copy from the agency And no matter what it says, they just pass it along They don't proofread it. They don't look at it. They don't correct mistakes. They just hand you a piece of words on a piece of paper Hey, I'm doing my job. Where's my commission check you know Bob I sinberg you're a schmuck Come in soon to Halip the new on boy. It's UV the most unique as UV on a market Great Neil deals waiting for you every day at Halipani Xeam C 134.01 South Dixie Highway that's US one across from the falls open every day seven days a week If you want more info call the Neil Rogers Neil the Alhotline when you call be sure mentioned Bob Eisenberg's name and talk about his hairpiece One triple eight five three four forty two eleven That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven don't forget all offers subject to credit approval See the good folks in Halip for details. How did Pontiac GMC? Who most positively are? Professional grade And look mate She's really showing his age Make another little way China Get new to work like a slave they come to Todo Behind 15 9 till 8 소 Snク to She breathed her as the runs to each bag Pushed her as coolly wades to employees That he's got the Clarks of Beach Bag I kinda cut the white and the American to each bag And all the girl he's got he drives around in the dark fairer bed To each bag To got the gig To the place about boredom back at here In the back of this board and all we did And stand was bored to Clarks of Beach Bag Pushed her as he delighted And anybody would win the Ash prizes On the fear of mid, he never mind The Clarks of Washington's belongs to Beach Bag I never realized why The Clarks of Washington's after all the years I would want you to be Clarks of Crank Edo I would like to thank you for the help of the Red Wee Calvary To each bag To each bag Oh! Come 47 at 5.60 WDQM happy Monday too Whether you're like it or not I understand a lot of long faces down there Oh gee well we're cursed here we're cursed Just ball games okay if that's what your whole life is revolved around How about a revolver? That's something good I need to be a little Russian reluctant here Here's all curses I have an idea what you're not gonna like Cause of course you do the shawy now and when's days This week I'm a Schmidt Cannon and one to two hour Oh Well I'm looking at the stats page here Which you know I'm a big student of all the scrap Which you're probably usually doesn't mean anything But nevertheless And Wednesday is Tuesdays and Thursdays are really huge on our website Okay And Wednesday is the weakest which you know that And then Friday is and then the reason being that it's the beginning and end of the week Okay Always But Wednesday there's a lag In the number of hits and pages all of that stuff Not that huge but enough to make you say hey that's our cop out We're not doing our job man Four hours a day to get paid the kind of money that you and George are making Oh you anyway and Scott So I mean you know doing three hours and then playing a bunch of comedy But that was okay to carry over when you were like dodging and you know But that's pretty pretty good now you know plus Wednesday be my birthday It's right and I want to give everybody new audience how many we got left But third man a chance to call is a hey need on crappy birthday Or whatever you're up your ass whatever they like to say you know because they're not very loving and warm and kind like I am in generous We got a mini open lines on the board which shocks me because there should be many many more names for this poll today 567560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line Here's for Lauderdale hello Hey Neil Yes sir Here's something used to be great dropped off the face of the earth Who's that? No, he didn't drop off of the face of the who want to raise it to flambler last night He's he's here in Toronto way I don't think he's allowed back in the country no, not in the US He needs to be great as I'm when the whole program is a part he got banded Pump it open boy takes a lot to get band there man anybody would let Mickey make nickel back in was that said you You know okay paly no more harness racing talk to your Marjoon years god Mario by Arjan you see is there any other talk host in America with the who that is no No, who to come to trivial crap. I'm Tony. I got him all lit. I got him lit 567560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Maybe in the last hour since this thing seems to be we've reached the end of it. Maybe we got to do a poll on the Wednesday one to two hour Okay To me kills a poll And that would be for Eric changing the polar one a clock to think he can handle that. Oh, don't do it today. No, it's fact Eric didn't know you know you rip him all time because you hate him like poisoned And he doesn't want to be associated with anybody like you. Well, no, you're a good match because you both hate each other Don't say why do you say that? I say it because it's true that your arm is chill and you just are tired of being brought out of the closet all the time with its Rick Riley Eric, whatever it is you lie so much It's not funny about what all of the above No, they are going to matter a flowering way not Rick Riley, but certainly Eric I don't hate it But he hates you we think she's like an idiot. Yeah, okay, so Anyway, he did a really nice thing on our website. Have you noticed on the bedtime stories? The new format he created told me over the weekend in fact over the weekend the stories were the the Teases for the stories were like extra long Because he was in the process to make it a change and if you look at them now, they're nice and concise Yeah, and you can scan through the stories much easier. My nice going Eric, it looks beautiful. I'll see that. Yeah, you know what I'm known That's as pretty it just is more convenient For seeing what the headlines are and then picking and choosing which ones are interesting you which ones you want to read So what will do between one and two is decide the fate ultimately will I mean we've done it before But now that I'm considering Schmidt canning it and just doing a regular four hour show I'm sure that muffin clearance will hold on it. Oh, yeah, you're going to that deal just like a seven months I didn't take any calls between a two and guys there is it one nothing I mean at least John Crook and Tom Green, at least those guys have one nut, you know it but between muff and clearance There isn't even a little teeny tiny BB because during the seven months I stopped taking a call And you know as well as I do the reason I stopped taking a call is because when a stucca's on nine or one That was the death now not that the calls were ever great, but that was the end of the show basically So thank the Lord. Yeah, and we got ten to two back because they created a format there that was never going to work Nobody starts a show at nine o'clock in the morning Unless they do like nine to noon, which sounds good to me Five Oh, man nine to noon sounds great when they blow them all out and you're for all I mean blow them all Huh, we're never good for all six to nine. We're nine to noon mad dog number three, hump or three to six per crow Anything after six the be no I think that's the catch me owl baby Then that way they can salvage it or you'll never believe what Norma can't set me on a phone deal that he Friday when he called which I don't want to talk to He said this half seriously. He says oh, you want me to get together with Greg and understand your contract another two years He this is my attorney okay my agent my close personal fact Mama can't says to me Now you're always gonna happen. You'll call me nine say oh did I hear you I heard a rumor that you say you want to be to call Greg you get your contract extended They norm extend this you idiot Here's a lady and homie would hello Is this really a lady? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, this is a lady. Well, yes, you're so quick to judge you probably think it was Reverend Jones I didn't say that He's on the wrong way. Here's the call from Hollywood. Hello You're the intelligence you won't be working here with you. There you go. Oh, not to get that In case you're reading What do you say it's talking to his daughter I think 567 0 560. I have no idea what that was pound five 60 on the AT and T I told you the calls are great man. Let's stick with I wanted to hour That's another reason that we like it. Not just as it like an easy, you know hump in the middle of the week Give us over to hump, but it also, but I'm gonna I'm put it up to the audience and I'll tell you right now because usually I pay no attention And whatever they say whatever the verdict of the audience will be on that pool, which I'll write up during the break at that point will be a bye by it Sure, what do we say? Although if we don't like the results Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes sir. Thanks. Hey, love your show. I just wanted to call bright your date Not that Mohour David needs any reinforcements that these are absolutely idiots can't really hear you man. Okay, can you hear me? Oh, geez. Yeah Okay, good anyway not that Mohour David needs any reinforcements that he's an absolute bonehead He said yesterday said Somebody made the initial hit and didn't even correct himself Is he an idiot? Yes, yes, anyway I just thought you went when I said no, it's not the word. I think it's initials the word he's looking man Don't be correct in a moment. Okay. He forgot all the right words. You might be doing a drive by pretty soon, huh? Wouldn't surprise me The other reasons I don't hang out there too much. Okay. Thanks, pal. No 5 670 560 you see it's good timing because the Southern pool They're just aren't that many people that they think used to be great, but have turned it over bunch of crap. You know I think we got all the important ones on there already right every time you think that we've got them all those somebody surprises Like what like some of these names on the like dick Clark Are you trying to make trouble again now? Oh, yeah, that's my job. No, I'm serious They even last two or three people. They have no more names for us. Believe me. Trust me. All right, I'm something Don't be so contrary. I'll have that no one or error. K to you on that contrary What person best described the this best describe here's the last thing from this pool. I'm going to change it course you know what the new pool is it before we change it. Let's tell them what the new pool is that would be helpful What's your take you right in this down Should I write it huh you're gonna do it right on here the audience likes that makes it feel like they're in sunny and saddest stuff. You know like oh listen this what's your take on the on meals Idea of how do we say it? Just continuing getting rid of don't discontinue stupid. I'm worth oh so getting rid of the Wednesday noon to one Comedy with sir. I wanted to whatever hell that is see I'm back living in a past again wanted to comedy bits hour. Huh? All right, there you go. Here's the choices I'm all for it get rid of it Right, all right, I'm all for it get rid of it. Uh, are we need to care? Now now I read I'll listen anyway. Okay. I'll listen anyway. That's the loyal people that we love them. We consider and pick our nose. They'd listen. We love them. I'll listen anyway. Uh, no way I love it Right, and I don't give a Schmidt there's always gotta be an I don't give a Schmidt because we have a lot of people out there who don't give a Schmidt even van Patrick after Josh Retired said I don't give a Schmidt never van Patrick people. Sir, afraid you on the year and for a lot of it. And he's been long there. He's not even warm no more Three minutes till one at five sixty W Q a M. Hey, imagine this imagine zero closing costs zero application fee zero credit bureau fee zero discounted points Mortgage you ever gonna need in your life. The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group now with an interest rate. It just 1.95% That's only 738 bucks a month if you have a 200,000 loan of pitants and once you refinance or get a new home mortgage from financial group. You'll never ever never pay closing cost again So column today and find out all the details call 1 800 940 land grab real financing power to lower rate mortgage. You can move on to your next property without any further cost or expense The only one mortgage from financial group for details call 1 800 940 land. It's a whole new way to buy zero underwriting fee zero dot fee zero prepim and pedally zero closing cost even when you moved to another property Get financing just 1.95% call 1 800 940 land and never play pay closing cost again never play with it again. See every time I do this fine. I keep seeing it. confidential group at 1 800 940 land and a re-clousing letter restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR Just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon New unfox from the director have touched by an angel. So if you will just relax and push it Arnold Schwarzenegger star in touched by a governor touched by a governor Hey Someone who used to be great, but is now a real piece of crap. OJ Simpson, they hate you OJ 131 They despise you. Oh, it was you would die. Oh, I'll do very least. How fun a goddamn Something to get out of you. Oh, hop on a spaceship with a Chinese Michael Jackson 63 In other words, he's got him beat by more than two to one you believe that. Yes. I mean we know Michael Jackson's a pedophile on a scumbag But he did in the same league with OJ because number one he didn't kill nobody yet Phil Henry 47 Yeah, but wait yeah, but wait a second. Then it's number 32 Wayne highs in good 21 see we don't talk about him that much anymore, so even though was a very good choice He's only got 21 because he's small potatoes Charlton has been 20 see keep this in mind Wayne owns the stadium and the dolphins, okay? And with a bitter taste that's in the mouth of dolphins yesterday Maybe that would have encouraged him to vote a few more, but it's too late now Chuck has been 20 Colin Paul 17 Pat Raleigh 13 or not too happy with him because he's a loser Eric Lindros 12 Liz Taylor 8 Eddie Murphy 8 inch. They great Do you read lose seven David Letterman and Don I miss and Pete Rose five of peace Howard Stern four time jika four See you thought what's I put Howard Stern on here you get like a minute in votes no, I didn't four Robin Williams three George Lucas three C George Lucas once we put him on here He's gonna go zooming by OJ Ha ha ha ha ha Ted Nugin and Tom Green have three a piece I thought Tom Green only had one Michael Douglas appear and dick Clark never got a vote By the time we now let me just double check, okay? Used to be great and now is the piece of crap dick Clark none I's gone dick everybody loves dick not me five six five six seven. Oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and For lies in wireless line the new poll question is I Don't know what it is I it's shit can it Well, no because you see Scott doesn't realize that when he's trying to talk to me in the intercom The audio of the the program is so much louder I can just barely hear him mumbling in a back, you know, see I can't try to disable that He could talk to you. I don't have the ability to do that. He does. Oh No, no, don't give me do that because once he does that then I'll never give the program. No, you won't no so so just you know Let it walk or chew gum. Don't try to give him to do both of the same time So he's given me a whole sign as about oh Eric's in the connection is down He can't do this and he can't do that is the middle of a binge for revenge But all of a sudden magically it just all of a sudden just like that came back just like magic the question is yes What's your take on meals idea of getting rid of the Wednesday? One of two comedy that's out for you. So I'll hold foodie today, you know That's a seat when you read No, I just noticed it when you talk you sound like just like a guy, but when you read you you put on this you know I'm saying Scott you hear it Exactly you put on this fake thing only choose a different fake voice because the fake voice you use is fruity Which is why so many of these people think you're some kind of a fag They respect you on my show instead of by my association. I thought the eighth thing yeah, okay. Go ahead with support again What's your take on the old idea of getting rid of the world? I see how much better that is that you saw like a guy not a white pig take and he has idea It's fruity man you saw like a bag of God I'm serious. I'm giving you a little you can do you'll do what you want I'm giving you a little piece of advice not to like do that Boy's All right, go ahead. What's the pull again? You know, it's kind of a killer actually To the choice is all right, I'm all for it get rid of it I'll listen anyway right no way I love it right I don't give us yeah, yeah, all right there you go for good choices. I'm just a one hour little mini all This will stay on there overnight and then by tomorrow morning Then it'll give us a real good barometer right and give us plenty of time to prepare emotionally and mentally for Wednesday I'm gonna freak it on my birthday and well on my birthday I had a one just work three hours. Do I? No, I want to work for four hours. You're in that big fat paycheck So clearance and up here. Oh, you see the old fart the old fag is hot enough Well, I guess they're not gonna say fag the old Jew has you know Decided to give us that hour back with all the money we're paying him of course keep in mind that the hopper works about what six hours a week down I First of your invasions, so he's not and plus he's short an hour used to work for hours now He's down to three and most days like two and a half and he's looking paid the same and more power to a nice going hopper I thought these guys well before I came to QM these guys were working like long shifts and little time off Now we should all put no hell that we feel like it and making a lot more money too That's just the way it is Greg okay In fact, we don't want to be played butch boss with you, but to starting next week everybody 50% at race Right? Oh, yeah sure so with it. No, with a 50% race that means I can cut that three years that we're in a half And with the 50% raise look at what Scott can do huh? By gum he can probably buy some two and gum and also run give a get a multid milk if somebody will drive them out of that place on red road What's that place with hour drugs, right? Very good. Yes Here's Carl Springs, hello Hey, how you doing pretty good sir Actually, I tuned in to you late so I just want to know if I can jump on the other pole that you had previous go ahead Dennis Robin Wasn't he always a freak though? Yeah, but he was really good at one time And everybody was a good freak and he's a bad freak. Okay. Good choice, pali All right, great have a great end three. Have you heard that? Thanks a lot You're welcome. No, Dennis Robinson's okay. I mean once upon a time before he got so much notoriety He was just an outstanding basketball player and then he became like a real professional freak A total freak and Let me say it again when you consider the fact that allegedly he once had his tongue down Madonna's throat and the fact that she was kitten A kissing a Brittany and Christina man. Yeah. Oh, oh, just a thought of it. I've to make your gag ain't it Taint that a special there Brittany park that because now she's been defiled Yes, she has and if she really was doing anything With the Justin which we all doubt very seriously, but if she was talk about the file. Oh, God What is wrong with that girl? It's it's gotta be all the publicity stunts. So she can't really be doing all these ugly guys I wish he's gone with now is she gone with the matter? Who is it that in leakage supposedly doing suppose at an accord of color? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I'm thinking of your Lito. Who's he with? diet Come on you better start reading the tabloids, Mr. you're getting useless just when we started streaming for some Our shipments and I'm really distraught about getting your what the shipments of our shipments. I thought you said something else Yeah, get your shipments together. Will you who's her latest host Jose Jose Jose Lambe at the end? He ought to be sending because I'm very big promoter of the tabloids, especially the entire which is no one he writes for But there's nobody from most the inquire better than I do. Hey, Josie. We miss our shipments Yeah, Josie, set us the tabloids you goof all you've vault headed geek One thing about Josie Lambe which was a shock to all of us, you know You know what it is? I know. Yeah, why is she no? Yeah, that is shocking Here's a call from Miami winners tardes Hello, yes, sir good afternoon sir good afternoon Good to be great, but now he's a scumbag. That's a good choice to bet we took that pull down He's got a lot of votes. That's good. How do we miss him especially you your slip in George told you? What that we've forgotten a couple that's okay. This isn't like rocket science Okay, the boy audience understands as much as they take everything very very much to heart I say was a dozer but losses by the sport things over the weekend It's just for fun. It's just a kill some good time a little amusement litter entertainment a chance to real somebody an ass Which we learn a lot. Let's rip Robert Blake and ass. Let's rip OJ until we can't have nothing left to rip no mole Cascar of 77 huh What are I telling the old people that miserable nasty rotten bastards they live for other look at my father They're my mother. Look at my mother with her bomb movements, huh? Those to show you my you don't have to have a lot of BMs in order to lift an old ripe old age All the ought to be getting pretty right by now What's your take on Eels idea of getting rid of the Wednesday one or two comedy bits hour? Well, let's see I'm voting for I'm all for it get rid of it because it was my idea So I guess I better do that because I'm a little bit nervous about that. I think it's I think it's I think it's counterproductive You know I mean all there's seven votes. I'm all for it. You're rid of a three no way I love a three I don't give a shmit one and I'll listen anyway none out of the fridge. It's just a smattering there Just a quick like Hopped up on my screen Is there a cocazing it to be all right now? Sure. Well, you're waiting because he'll like he'll have like a voodoo hex on your ass He hates you another word Here's plantation hello Hi, I'm Kameel how are you sir? Okay? just two items Paul one field is now narrated for any city confidential How you Paul went field no kind of Dave right and the other item is is that I had a sighting of Brett summers on on CBS Saturday morning with Russ Mitchell two every time I see her I say oh yeah, clugman Now now Paul went field He does sound like Vincent price doesn't he? Absolutely absolutely In fact the first several times I watch that show which is a really great show I always thought it was Vincent price and I kept realizing these these stories are too new There are two recent because Vincent price but did for years, you know In the occasion of the question? Yes sir since I came out closed down on sunrise blah blah Right Uh, I think it's dinner in Toronto I've a great day pali How do you attack to buffet there at that buffet place next to the dinner with a fork in a knife and a spoon again glass Huh, bonsai charge yel screaming and against who know how do you would attack them buffet and of course like every other buffet You see these big enormous terms of you know see let me ask you this I was asking my friend yesterday we're eating in there. I said why is it that some of these people Load up the plates so it looks I mean they have no embarrassment factor Of course when you walk around looking like that I guess there's no embarrassment anyway But why do they have to pile up and plate what's in all you can eat buffet in other words? You could go back 80 million times and nobody would even notice See if it's clear like a moderate amount but they pile it up in a course I discovered the reason There is because every time they can know because every time they come back they still pile it up like that Right, but you don't want to make a lot of trips In addition to which the reason that buffet joints want you to leave the plate and then go get a new plate each time Is so they can keep count of how many plates are being used so they can figure out if they can make any money or not You're thinking about that no I hadn't Plus they also figure there's gotta be some kind of embarrassment factor because you're not gonna leave a plate behind eight or nine times See if you just take the same plate and go back they had no way keep in track of that. That's right. You can go back 50 times So unless you're a real big fat slob There's a lot of these people are you're not gonna like leave eight or nine plates behind for them to pick up because then they're gonna say they're gonna start taking pictures You know they're gonna be a surveillance camera And the next no next time you go come start to come in they're like so oh, sorry We're closing now stuff like that like at the animal coast Man, I'll tell you some of the people I've seen in that place. Oh my god. Oh imagine they make fat boy look like mini riperton They make Josh Friedman look like Karen carpenter 113 at 5.60 WQM if your carpets look and spell not so great Here's the answer for you dry concepts over the years over 20 years have been used in my house Why that's just because they're responsive of because they're the best in the world and they do the best job By the way you're long guided of wonderful jobs, or it's thank you, but he's very strange all right Dry concepts is the number one carpet cleaning company for over 20 years and the only carpet cleaning company the world Actually dry cleans your carpets hence the name and now our friends at dry concepts Office you which answer to say 15% on your next carpet cleaning just call them till three 1-800-2-4-8-507-1 Ask them to put your understand by list and then they'll call you next time they've got an opening in their schedule It's just like the same ideas when you fly stand by if you're available when they have an opening They'll not 15% off the price and do their usual spectacular job no stir short cuts and they still give you a written guaranteed price I've brought before they start to work so if you want your carpets looking and feeling and smelling just like brand new and dry and just a couple of hours This is the way to go call dry concepts today Ask them to put you understand by a list. They might even have an opening for you on the day that you call and they'll still Give you 15% off the regular already amazingly low price at a job call him today and be sure and tell them that crusty old Neo footage You call 1-800-2-4-8-5-071 that's 1-800-2-4-8-507-1 We're on the wicked web you'll find them at dryconcepts.com Well congratulations get a light Dr. Phil the element way solution is number one in the New York Tons the best selling book in America and there's not one thing in that book that is grounded in the scientific literature Dr. Phil off the top of his head and eat your good advice exactly. Let's go to your calls could delay an Idaho Hello, hi Larry. Hi. What's the question Dr. Phil? I just started a new diet my doctor gave me Any words of wisdom you are going to fail. You're not gonna get back to that weight Tampa flana. Hello Hey guys, hello on one second. I'm opening up a box of Twinkie Twinkie. What ever first step? What's the question? There are several other second. I'm reading a Twinkie. Great. How's the question? Do you know how late the dairy queen is open? 24 hours a day seven days a week. A bench for revenge one more call wins well, man. Hello Dr. Phil both my current works. I have to fix a lot of my own meals What did I have for breakfast ice cream cookie? Are you sure no question about it? I teach you said I should have food or cereal or something bad idea What that's not healthy. That's not good. We'll be back with more Dr. Phil the element way solution Number one on the knee or times list court. No calls after this 19 five more explosions That's what misfogging on a website CNN multiple multiple larger explosions heard in Iran Oh, no last few weeks and indeed the past few months the security has been on the west side of as the Bimbabwe that's unseen and right now the Tigris River The Tigris that number the website there can to tigger to it. It's on a website not gonna report what's his name Proficional authority of buildings the former presidential palaces of sedan the same Relatively freely without being a challenge until you 63 votes on a website so far on our second pull What's your take on heels? I did get rid of that ones. They wanted to comedy bits hour 63 votes. I'm all for I get rid of it 25 no way I love it 20 I don't give a Schmidt 13. I listen anyway five so it's not really compelling yet. You see what I'm still it's not it We've got a event. Hold them our morning got a lot of votes yet to be a tally Tint Mary a elephant on a sugar tell us straight now entirely sealed off. It's very difficult But for us to get there Impossible or you know as difficult as possible for ordinary Iraq is so yes There is a great sense in security here not just a couple. Yeah, this guy's just fuck up But because they don't know where it was yet and they don't know anything That's it. He said the yeah, yeah, he loved the outfit. He said he explosions were so strong at the grant He felt the earth shake under his feet That's what girl King said 560 5060 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon marvelous bond of course This is all part of the big Ramadan thing. This is like the Teta fences are comparing it to It's the Ramadan offensive here's Miami Beach, hello and the L. I hate to agree with George But maybe we Terminated the earlier poll to early I'd like to suggest the name yeah. I could have saved this till tomorrow, right? Yeah, but you know let me see guys with that we perhaps overlooked the obvious right? Yeah, I'm bought He used to be great. Well, I'll tell you in the radio world. That's okay. I don't like them. You don't like them But if you look at the money made in radio. Oh, yeah, you know, I have to say well, okay, you know We don't like the yeah, so so you know and now we got him one month later. Yeah, but you know something his Ditto heads his disciples uh from Corridor with the poll say his Ditto heads are like oh well, you know It's one of those things and he'll be fine and all of that crap, you know Well, yes, that's true. I don't think anything will persuade him even the fact that this guy who speaks for personal Sent his made out to do a tough work and came right was a bus she would get it He was also trying to repel's off from people who had the prescriptions for legitimate illnesses Oh really okay. Yeah, they shouldn't be surprised. Yeah. You know, he was a guy might be considered in the radio world National Association of Broadcast number one is a great guy and now, you know Great Nazi, that's right. Yeah, and as far as the other poll goes we want all meal all the time Okay, thanks a lot. All right have a great day and the old bye, bye. See here you go that was a good little job 22 past one And you'll notice how fast I mean I realize he's been wished away into some a rehab outfit again supposedly for five weeks But you notice how we hear nothing more no That's where we all know the sex cells That's good old air miles of Brian on CNN 567 What is it? 560 and pound 560 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line maybe we did cut off the other one too So in this guy apologize for agreeing with you. Yeah, I don't blame what's to do that No, I mean the other one was in a real run it's course. So it was fine and nobody was gonna catch OJ We need the top three or four on here. We could we get a put a few others on there and we got a couple of what what's the point right there? Whatever Now you know what I'm saying sure who cares basically we got the LA the land we got the The temperature of the audience we stick the thermometer deep inside there. We got there and they're running a high fever Here's a call from Boca. Hello Yeah, hey, how you doing? Pretty good. Yeah, I have a question in comments just in hang of an uh-and-Lesson Go read on my question is last Friday around the same time you read something from a woman writing about George W and I was just wondering if I could find out where to get a transfer for that and my comment is The that gay kid that they expelled over in a at a super Christian yeah Yeah, I wonder how many how many you know they went around asking all the heteros who were defining their bodies by You know engaging in pre-marital sex. I wonder how many of those kids got expelled the big Exactly, but yeah, I think that's their nervous about is the big oh Great day, paling. I think he's probably talking about the Molly Ivan's column that I read. That's the one is that the one Well, what is the bushader call me a bushader? Oh, yeah, that's on our website if you go back to go back on the arraggers.com and scroll through the previous well, what do we got that under features Yeah under features or whatever it's under and you've got some of the older columns from a couple of days ago It was on there probably on Friday Thursday whatever day was on there all still on there right for several days Yeah in the archives. Well, that's where it is. Why do you say yeah? So like a indecisively I think he's picking on you again Eric 88 votes on this. It's not looking too good for the one to two hour What's your take you rid of that one to two comedy bits hour and Wednesdays? I'm all for a get rid of it 42 No way I love it 24 I don't give a Schmidt 16 and I'll listen anyway six other the first 88 It's great to be in the sunshine state in the hotel is 88 and uh, that's the way it is and don't be late 567 05 60 pound 560 on the 18 t how's that? Van Apperrisky we got a van hit this week. I think we do I think if you go to our website they're on at home page This the internet is a little bit slow to there. You haven't had problems yet is it's a little bit strange all day today And even what's his name is coming oh there's screw-in with a witch is out of you look lovely screw-in You look just like you like a real slut like a real witchy slut How what was I just looking for the van hit right on top? Oh it is or where to house it on top of what on top of her pointed hit Hoppable spooky oh well when hell is Miguel's next fan hit I don't know It's not on there. It's not right on top you made me go all the way back to the top of member six There it is there's they never see from noon to two at the ben and auto supply 2959 north state road seven and market that should be okay. We never go to market right not enough Well we're doing it this time let's go to market what do you say oh my let's all get together And a big caravan and go to market next week and honor my birthday. That would be a good excuse right sure That's kind of a birthday gift to me even if you don't care about cancer dogs or ben and pet rescue Just do it for me and then take the stuff and pawn it sell it Stick it somewhere 26 past one at five 16 WQ and it won't be long now before all those relatives start pulling in for the holidays Maybe your parents are coming out of stay for the winter in either case If you need a new mattress do the smart thing like I always do it everybody also QM seems to be doing Call 1800 mattress and talk to our friends at dialometres. You know the mattress industry is full of phony claims and shell games At dialometrist no phony promises no baton switch just great legitimate discount prices every day on brand names You know and trust now including stirrens and foster you it when you call dialometres at 1 800 mattress you pick the day in time for delivery with an any 12-1-07 days week from eight in the morning till 10 the night I've been sleeping on the mattress from these folks for years and years you ought to be sleeping on a dialometrist too For your sake and your back on a sale prices Fantastic services every day low prices same day delivery. Let me try that again on a sales practices Fantastic service every low cedar you're wondering why screwed up because there's no punctuation in here Well, poke it Jesus Christ back what's the matter you want to have a lonely sandwich too many The problem you thank up a crap see I'm trying to think how come I can't read this right that's because there's no punctuation you schmuck Fantastic service every day low prices same day delivery Freestyle up in a mobile so it's easy to see in spite of the skeptics out there in a fat people by dialometres is ranked number one in the world of customers satisfaction God you can't complain about our copy of QM because we're not getting any we're getting crap on paper Isn't that you anywhere you put it? Short ones up don't be fooled by the so-called giants and that this industry or furniture store They can match what you get every single day from dialometrist so column right now and come that fat boy Totally call 1 800 mattress. I'm using them George uses a Miguel is using them poker Brian even the umptious fat boy And you should be calling them to call 1 800 mA TT RIS for non-bitable deal around lying to get more info at mattress.com It's Monday Oh God Friday He runs wrapped in this old first to stay I feel like crap because it's Monday Hey Coming up next I'm queer I for that call us dinning and die we make over yes They're arousas you're trying to take over the PLO again from that Muhammad What does thing if he's to succeed he needs some help no kidding? I mean what is up with that do rag? So five minutes ago really and that's scraggly beer. I mean who are you it's going to be our biggest challenge ever But we're ready to scrap that drab or drop and transform yes or from a ringo star look alike to a Well, it's still gonna look like ringo, but just cleaner We need to do something about those glasses too. Oh, we're gonna be doing just a ton of things on the next queer I for that call us dinning guy Thursday night tonight Okay, look at you two at five 60 let's see what the Washington Post says about this so thing in a rack From his fudge his website see I give credit where credit is due miss fudge you piece of crap Strong explosions were a herd late Monday and central Baghdad and it appeared the blast were coming from the western side of the Tigris River is this broad said this is so he is big now out of Baghdad with more What are you finding out Matthew? Well, obviously a great deal of activity that's just coming filtering free to us here on the ground In fact, that will start without explaining what do I did that whole Great, this is the kind of a time that has become come almost a daily routine here in various areas across Iraq We're hearing from the military people in to create the military spokesman into create that one US soldier at this one has been killed When he's vehicle but when over a landmine or was a Attacked by a roadside bomb detonated as the vehicle went past we understand that he is a member of the fourth Infantry division, but any other further personal details have been withheld until the authorities are contacts There is a relatives, but just another example of the kind of daily tragedy that is being faced by US soldiers the other coalition for shouldn't be there in a first place country on a daily basis Let's turn now to the other developing story that we've come here to report to you a number of loud explosions Rocking bag dad shaking the sort of ground that we were standing on we've come up here to try and observe Exactly what the situation is we've also sent a team out to the location where we're going on over It's a make along is through a short here's about any idea what he's talking about. Okay, as soon as you guys have some idea What it is let us know in fact there it is because of these series of explosions unclear, which means We're just feeling a lot of time to get some info find out where it was and what they'll happen and the Tigris and the Tigretu Cell phone uses have been on a complaint about poor service, but one New York man's mobile literally went down the toilet The man was on a suburban train from Grand Central Station Wednesday night when he went to the bathroom to make a phone call Drop the phone into the toilet bowl and then his hand and arm became stuck in the bowl trying to retrieve it You ready for that For nitty it no, it's true. I don't Metro North railroad staff could not help the man so they stopped the training called police officers and firefighters to extricate him a Process that took 90 minutes using the jaws of life rescue equipment those are the news The toilets are made of aluminum so I imagine he was down on his hands and knees with the shirt rolled up and handed arm down inside trying to flesh out his cell phone don't you hate it when you go to the bathroom and there's some guy down there when his hands and he's I just do my business anyway He said that because of the design of the desk probably what he's doing his business He said that because of the design of the train toilet the mobile probably ended up in a chemical holding tank A spoiler rail road that serves the northern suburbs of New York and Connecticut identified the man is Edwin Gallard 41 of New York We suffered a minor injury to his arm as firefighters cut the toilet apart when it doubt cut the bowl apart The track was closed and thousands of commuters were delayed during the evening rush hour No, cuz there's a pastor's got his hands stuck in the toilet The bad news is the phone has yet to be recovered Damn it I mean how valuable is your cell phone, right? Can't always go get another one. Yeah, I think that valuable no not that I would stick my hand deep inside the toilet because gotoing those one else He might have come up with you. Turn 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line Well, here's air miles of Brian trying to give us some explanation about what happened Give you a sense of where they see as in trying to west side of the tigger population about a half million US troops have been finding a lot of resistance there of blackness still had no idea 126 votes on his pool. What's your take on the ELSI idea of dumping that Wednesday? One to two comedy with star which I think it's on a way out. I think we've heard last one I'm all for it get rid of it 64 no way I love it 31 I don't give a Schmidt 20 And all of a sudden anyway you're 11 64 31 West troops can try to thwart this kind of thing in the future. Okay There's still their full in time they got all their talking hits on her they haven't got to clue what they'll happen 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line here's Miami. Hello No, you can only with a singer song right about the name of Steve roll Steve Earl never heard him Well, why do we hear about that? Well, because it's not too often you see a lot of I guess so-called show business pipes that you know We're spoken here and Etc. Not you know go toe to toe with Someone like the little while you and a debate which I think it's gonna be interesting. Okay They be somebody else well, okay You too Anybody wants to see a bill or rally that smuck all spin all day By the way bill or rally we never talk about his ratings in the four-laterale market and they were when the rating books somehow you want to know why he doesn't have any he doesn't have any He's got at least his consistent. He's got a point As many oz as you can make it a row for infinity just put O and he infinity symbol Oh Right, you know have anybody listen I'm whatever he's on. I don't even know what station is is it that the light bulb junior whatever it He's on and oh I can remember that who the hell was it wrote that breathless thing was it one of the south sort of fish rappers About Bill O Riley and about his radio show and he's gonna take on rush Well, whether without rush he ain't got any audience on a radio He is strictly the only people who care about him are the the right way Illunit takes for our tune into fox morning day and I they're the same as the old Cuban to listen to the radio mom being morning noon and I Yeah, did it all the same is the religious fanatics who watched Pat Robertson in the 700 club morning noon and night and then it's like a religion It's the same crap and these people are all mesmerized by the all spin all day from the fox locks network from the fox Nazi network Here's a call from Miami. Hello Yes, sir. Hey. How you doing? Me. Oh, pretty good here. Listener. I want to check you at my Gordon's years ago Never been at my Gordon's I have you spoke to me. I know it's anyway Let me see my Gordon's in my life. I didn't know it. Okay, maybe it was another guy. You didn't buy it. There. Yeah, anyway I want to you know your colors on Friday for God an important fact about that shooting of the teenager Hello the shooting of what teenager the 16 year old and Broward. Oh Okay, right right I've got one important fact Yeah, one of them was hiding in the bushes that the guy noticed and as soon as he opened the door He opened fire it only takes one second to turn your back and that wouldn't hold up in court But the guy you know was shot in the back. You don't take a second That's my son. In other words. You think he did the right thing. I don't think he's a murderer That's you know I Really what do you mean you don't think he's I Didn't my bushes at 12 30 morning and another guy at the door. I would open door and open fire before my door You know what I would do I would slam the door shut if I was that concert I call 9-11 I wouldn't be shoot man see you believe As well West mentality they're outside. They're not inside. They're not clawing on the door They're not trying to not the door done. They're not trying to come in and do harm to him in his family or take away to God damn lunch They're outside It's just a maze is me. You see this goes back to what I've said for years and years and it's like it falls on deaf ears I might as well be talking to my TV screen here This kind of insane violence this kind of gunloven all will see if there's somebody hiding in a bushes Well, I got news for okay. Lock the frickin door Call the police card your next door neighbor call off an actual guard call a president God almighty all you people are want to rationalize and make excuses and by the way Never was that Mike Orton's in my life. Okay. I have no is my Gordon's a seafood restaurant. I don't know sounds right I don't know who he's talking about sure. So I wasn't me. I never been there I don't know what it is where it is but he bought you another I do know the Gordon fisherman 141 19 blast appear. Look at his three or four mortars in the hit central Baghdad We don't know what the hell where it was we don't know who got hurt or killed or whatever But they're still doing whip the little like this. They have no clue And I'll tell you if you have no clue because your job is a piece of crap in your paycheck is right in the par with that Here's the answer for you. If you like a new high-paying career and you can't figure out how to do it How about this one easy phone call? I think even you can handle that say good buddy your bullcraft boss Say good buddy or dead end job and guess your suffer career Which means you're gonna get a big paycheck that goes along with it if you don't have four years to wish them college Well, here's the answer for your call fast train tool free and they'll train you one eight six six fast train That's why they call us fast train get it Fast train can every train and certify for a high-paying computer network professional career or a high-paying medical Computer specialist career and is little as four months That's correct. You can be fully trained ready for a great new career as little as four months So what's four months out of your life just a piece of cake fast train offers digging a weekend classes They offer job placement assistance and financial aid to people who qualify and they got six convenient floor Locations two and half and the other four in San Florida, so it just makes sense there's not to be one close and convenient by where you are Check them out of the web at fast-trained.com and then finally make that decision to change your life You're ready your nickel and dime job and get yourself a real career and some earning power that goes with it call fast train today toll free one eight six six fast train My Local your sports radio five six easyens you. T All right When Life will be sweeter when you pack your heaters, carry a life than to be deadly. Come on and join today. If the American way to be a member of the NRL. And for the lead, and for the chest and all the same for the head. If they're wearing love, that's sharp in your skin. You can't afford a car, but you'll be there to defend your life. Come on and join today, and you'll be proud to say you're a member of the NRL. Oh, oh, oh, right! 147 mad dog is back. He'll be here two to four today. Here's the way to start that Iraq situation by the ticker. A Blast near a holy issue, muslim shrine on the city of Carbolo, the Colt tree people in Andrew 12 wouldn't have said, meanwhile in Baghdad, strong responses were heard downtown after sunset. The Carbola Blast occurred on a busy street less than a hundred yards from the gold dome, Imam Hussein Shrayah, stride in the city, 65 miles off of the Iraqi capital. Cuppital? All the dead apparently, well I'm having trouble with this. All the dead apparently were passed by. I in Baghdad, five strong explosions were heard in quick succession to about 9-10 pm Baghdad time. And it appeared the blasts were coming from the western side of the Tigris River. That's Tigris, you stupid bitch. The US military command had no information on the incident. And then we had another dead American soldier today, which you heard about moments before. Just day after day after day, is there any end in sight? No. Do we have any exit strategy? No. Did we have any business going there in the first place? No. Did the president lie in all of his men? Yes. How come there's no impeachment going on right now? You spymous, miserable, democratic assholes, you, man. Clinton gets a couple of blow jobs in the whole country as to spend millions and millions and dollars and waste two years with impeachment crap and with the, the, the, ex-raded report from Kenny Star. And in many times, we got all these American kids have been set off to be slaughtered like a human sacrifice based on a pack of lies, which was decided to be for this man even stole his way into office. And little bit like that. Because the democratic party are a bunch of spymeless cowards. That's exactly the reason this is going on. And the media are a bunch of enablers. They're the enablers. There are coplices. That's right. They're absolutely their partners in crime with the administration. On King, offers Palm Beach County site for New Marlins Ball Park. Boxing from other dime, King is offering the Florida Marlins a new stadium set on a property he owns in Palm Beach County. King owns a high-life front on a magnolia park, which is just north of West Palm. Well, that sounds great. If you live in Dave County, you don't want to wrap up to West Palm Beach or if you live like in plantation? No. King owns a high-life front on which, uh, spokesman Robert Wenex has a been ideal site for the world series champions proposed park. If it's dome, King could say it's boxing asses in the off-season. Fixed, of course. King says that would help the Marlins pay the estimated cost of $125 million for the stadium. He says he hasn't talked to Marlins officials yet. However, the Marlins in Dave County have already announced a plan to commit to it in $10 million to her new ballpark in Miami. The stadium will have a retractable roof. We open for playing 2007. Now if we move into Palm, they're going to be the West Palm Beach Marlins. Is that it if they go there? Yes. Because we know they're going to be the Miami Marlins if they go there. I wonder about if they go like to Washington, D.C. or Yihai Jotchen? Yeah, or maybe like to Portland, uh, Oregon or Portland, Maine or Batavia, New York. 560, 505, 60, pound, 50 on the AT and T line. What's your take on our idea? Get rid of the ones they wanted to come. It's our 168 vote. I'm all for it. Get rid of it. 85 86. No way. I love it 40. It's like more than two to one. They hate it. I don't give it Schmidt 28. I'll listen anyway. Isn't too strong, or you see that? Like, usually is. Here's a call from a beautiful Miami. Hello. We wonder world series. Thanks a lot, Dave. Dave is becoming as funny. He's working on it at this panic accent. Because if he's going to be moving to Miami, no, he's going to work on it, right? A lot. Oh, great. But 560, 705, 60. That's more Howard David. It's new Maine man. By the way, David Samson. Here's a call from a lot of Dale. Hello. Dale. Yes, sir. Can't you just drive the highway shoes? Yeah, I'm trying this. OK, asshole. Can't sign the LaRalee shoes. Well, great. Go suck his ass. OK. Go stick your tongue deep inside his rectum. OK. And see how it tastes. Go have a hot pot Sunday. Or Saturday or Monday or today or Monday. OK, too. 560, 705, 60. See, this is the great. We, the retort from the right wing assholes from the Ditto heads. You could never join out of one of the Chinese shoes. OK, I'm making up money out of the Chinese shoes on a street corner like you do as well. So that's probably a shoe-steemed boyfriend. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. I'm just calling to say that Bush has everyone so controlled in the media that the families are not even allowed to grieve in public. The coffins of the soldiers that come back aren't even allowed to be draped in the flag for fear that they'll be covered with it and shown on the evening news. I think it's really sad. Yeah, and we had that strunner website. Hi, everybody. Everything has, God forbid that the public, in addition to what you know, it's really interesting. You remember right after the war was supposedly over. And the networks got in there and they put up the satellite dishes. We were able to get these live pictures like when they tore the Sodom statue down. Oh, yeah. All of that's those stage events. You think that now that we have all of the ability to show these live pictures from over there, we'd be seeing a lot more of what really is going on every day. You notice that that ain't happening. Oh, no, they have a lid on it, if you would say. Yeah. Thanks so much. Have a great day. Hang in there. Bye, bye. Yeah, what is it going to take? How many are going to have to die? How long is this going to have to go on? How much more BS? How many more censorship? How much more bull crap? How many more Patriot X parts 3, 4, and 5? Before finally, the American public wakes up and says, you know what? This is a polycraft. And low. This is 420560. You wait, you wait. Yeah. Oh. Now, the longest running motion picture music on history has been reimagined for the 21st century. Jerry Brookheimer presents, so Vester Stallone in. You're how you're going. I see you met my. It's for anyone. You're Paul. The Rocky Horror Picture Show. You're a good enough fish net stockings. You're giving better nature. You got a nice tight little. What are you saying? It's just a bunch to the net. And a whole different ride. You'll make you way through a rice of meat. Because it just got very rocked. Yeah, but Mickey Waysley Rice of Meat. Stallone is back. And Rocky Thunder Boa, the Rocky Horror Picture Show 2003. Absolutely. Come and really, really soon. Straight to radio. 157 at 560, if you have mad dog standing by his back, he's going to be psychotic. I'm sure that. And he pressed this thing. You've asked me about the report links to the back deals, the Bush donations that I read on Friday. Yeah. I read it on Friday. Okay. But just in, we let see. Bob Graham is not going to run for reelection in the Senate. We have five loud explosions at Baghdad, but we don't know what hell it was at or what happened. Supreme Court rejects 10 Commandments, Voniam and appeal. The Supreme Court refused today to win it along running fight over a monument to picking the 10 Commandments and the renegade judge that Yahoo dripping Redneck who wants to keep the river for the list on display in the Alabama Court House. The court quietly rejected appeals from suspended Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore, call me Yahoo Redneck, who would argue that the monument properly acknowledges God is the source of the community morality, so essential to Wayself-Governing Society. More was suspended as Chief Justice for defying a federal court order to remove the monument. He goes on trial before the Alabama Court of the Judiciary November 12 on to face a judicial ethics charges for his refusal to comply with the order. The Supreme Court's action is not a ruling on the Throne Equestor, whether the 10 Commandments made to display the government buildings or the public square. It merely reflects the high courts unwillingness to hear the appeal. Lower courts have splintered on the issue allowing the purchases of the 10 Commandments in some instances and not in others. So he went to the Supreme Court's is, oh please, pretty please, let me stick this up. There he said. No way. Go away, come back another day, even you're too embarrassing even for us. I feel like that. I like it. Well, I guess we ought to be, are we happy about the result on this poll here? Do we like it? Yeah, whatever. Depends on how lazy we feel on Wednesday. 23 votes. What's your take on the Osirah idea getting rid of that at once? They wanted to come at a bit of a hour on one day? I'm all for a give it a bit of at 97, like two to one. No way, I love it 48. So a little more than two to one. They don't lie. They hate it. They're sick of it. I don't give it 37. I'll listen anyway, 21. Now I look into promising. And also we have like a sudden surge when it votes from the outline of this risk coming. And after the show when you and I get a chance to vote like 50, 60 times a bread. Watch how we change it. Yeah, I'm getting. Okay, mad dog is coming up next and we can all, what was us? We are cursed. Are we cursed down here, mad dog? There are hurricanes. Take it up the ass. The panthers take it in the ear and the dolphins. What an embarrassment. And just unbelievable. Bye, bye, bye. Show me a weather show on five screens. Don't need to weigh out the plan before you learn. The mad dog. He gets on my nerves with this constant screaming.