This is Jim. Love you so much. Love you. Welcome back to another acting actor segment. I'm the WQA. Is this him? I'm him. And we're on it to have on the phone. Coach, Jim Morris. Coach, hello coach. Hello, and how you're better. Good morning. I know you're gonna ask me for my change. You should say that Coach, because we do want to know what your take is on that game last week against the the Mercy College whipping point. I'd say it was a best film. How can I say it? We play really badly. We're all mentally played badly. If it was we'd love the game. I don't know what goes there. How the tens of fans that did show up in. They were pretty upset. Port holds our strength. They're never happy. Never did they never fall alone. Man, was that too bad about the game yesterday against him. This is Grab Dree's Thane Graders. It is... ...Dree's Thane Graders. ...Rain Now Fire's Door. They're playing the game. No further points were scored. They're playing the game. They're running play the whole game. You're not team up getting so close. I call them new goals. They're playing now Fire's Door. Now thanks for joining us Coach. We wish you luck with the remainder of the season. We'll be back right after this. And we'll be back right after this. From Zanzo Pepsie and Maria and Alvigetti. Hey, it came in fourth yesterday to Morrison. I'd be like that. Should've been higher than that. Today's three votes on yesterday's pool. We would have had a lot more of George Wooden to be such a hard ass about Stevie Ray Vaughn. And of course. It's certainly the younger punk sub there. We have like four or five of them. They have the word of vote for. Give me one name on this list that we had yesterday. If you're all time favorite did we recording artists. Who's somebody out of the age of 100 would vote for. Kurt Cobain? Alright there you go. Yeah, I mean that's as close but even today. Kurt Cobain is like ancient history. Yes today's news. Right old news dead old news. Kind of like Jerry Garcia kind of like Karen Carpenter. Oh, but not quite that old and quite that dead. Today's a big day boys. Wednesday we got the big noon to one hour. All comedy bits noon to one. Jagannic day. You want to know why because it's only two days before Friday. And you wonder what Friday is. Bookday. Right the book. The rating book is coming out on Friday boys and girls. Right. And everybody from coast to coast and all the ships that see are going to have their eyes on this one. The fall book. Do you think there's something symbolic about that term fall book? Yeah some people are going to stand and some people are going to like Don't fall. Could be us. Could be like a precipitous decline you know. Ask us if we cared. Do we care? No now it's beyond that. We're beyond the proving to somebody else stage. There are some people around who still need to prove their case. Not to mention no names of course because we don't want to get into personalities. Here's the poll from yesterday. Let's give the poll for today first before we give the results. Cause it's about 400 names on it. And again George wants to apologize profusely. We had people call an inch suggesting to back in the notorious BIG and notorious FAT and all these other red dead people. Stevie Ray Vaughn would have got a lot of votes but George said. Ah ah. No way Jose and whatever George says on these polls because he's the poll expert. I thought you were. I'm the poll pervert. You're the poll expert. But yeah you're the expert on bad polls. Here's today's poll which I think is kind of timely since USA today says. El Presidente's popularity speaking of falling. Is dropping? Presividestly. Still pretty good number but of course. See it's hard to tell because you're measuring these things like week by week. So you don't know if it's 58% on the way back up or 58% on a way down. And I think we have a feeling that we know of it. Anyway. Here's the poll today. President Bush's popularity rating is lower than any time since 9.11. How do you rate his overall job so far? Got it? Got it. Five choices. Outstanding. Good. Fair. Week. Or he's a total disaster. Once again covering from pillow to post the entire spectrum of human Senate and choices. We have a call on there already. I can't believe this from my any. How predictable that you're going to start off your day with a poll. Yeah. God. I'll vet your listening and congratulations to you. How predictable. We do it every day. How predictable. And that great. Here's the guy who was on their right-off to bat. Give us a stuh. How predictable that we started the show at night of clock? No. How predictable we started today with an asshole on the phone. That's pretty predictable. Wouldn't you say? Yeah. So we didn't want to let the audience down. We do it every day on the show asshole. And I'm sure you already know that because you're faithful listener. That's read at one more time. President Bush is popular already reading his lower than any time since. And of course the reason we start the show every day with a poll, by the way, is because if we wait for like spontaneous comment from the audience, what we're going to get is the Swill, the the vermin that we just heard coming through the phone. We got today in my bugman. We got our friends Steve from alternative. Turn my manager. We're going to have to come in here and spray this joint. Or put his Schmerer stuff around. Just to get the cobwebs out of that crap when you agree. Yes. We all agreed. We just took a vote. Sir, we agreed. Your puke on two legs. Which a poll. We took a poll on it. That's right. Here's the poll today. And see this guy again. He's one of those right wingers. He's all better. Because you know, you were saying that he's reporting. I mean, they just give the numbers. If it was 83% that if 58th you'd be happy about that. But because you know that he's probably going to get a little low still here on this poll today from our crowd, you're not too happy about that. Because you can't handle the truth. You're an emotional cripple. That's what Jack Nicholson told me. You can't handle the truth. That's exactly what Jack told me. President Bush's popularity rating is over the eight times since I'm 11. How do you rate is overall job so far? Outstanding. Good. Fair. Week or he's a total disaster. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Come on in. Here you go. Okay. Wow. I'm just taking him one here in there. You know. Okay. I'm going to be saying that's our push that started us off with a stuhle the shot. I'm actually a pretty good mood. Good. I'm a funny segue. You just mentioned all turners the term I. I used them about two months ago and it's unbelievable to answer. That amazing. And I'm not the one to plug it. I know nothing about them. I'm going to work for them. Right. It did work. I think if you have a sponsor or you mentioned someone to work with. They're not a sponsor, but they just happened to be nice people who came into Georgia's place and ended my house. And the answer all gone and the uncles are moving out next. You know, I had those little tiny ones in there gone, but let me just throw one thing. I got the tiny one. There you go. I'm not a real politically correct person. I don't really follow politics all that much. But you know about your pole with George Bush. I do have. I had quite a bit of money in the stock market. Now I have a couple of cents in there. Would you blame him for what's happened there indirectly directly? Partly. I don't know. Partly because he's doing a same thing that Reagan. I mean, it started before he came in, but now he's doing the same thing. Reagan did with his phony supply, site economics, the trickle down. Which of course don't trickle any, but you know what's trickling down your leg right now. Way behind me over your portfolio, how little is left. It's bogus. It's a forest. It's a forest. It's a traditional steal from the poor. Give to the rich. Give to the big corporations pretending that it's going to create jobs. Demulate the economy and it's not working. And never worry. And one last thing. More hours. I fucked him. Oh. No, he's supposed to go. Are you. What the hell was that? Anyway, so there's a good start. He's a little bit better. Modens. Despite of the fact they lost all his day money, or at least most of it. We got a few cents. We didn't have any common sense, but we got a few cents left. We, if I would have had common sense, I wouldn't have concerted with Mitch Hirsch. I wouldn't have listened to my good friend, Rimmer. See, Rimmer's great for doctors. Nice again, Rimmer. You're the best on doctors. Stockbrokers. Not too good. But doctors the best. My podiatrist, my new cardiologist. I saw yesterday. Of course, I don't want to start whacing. I don't want to be too enthusiastic because you know the pattern over the years has always been. I go and see a new guy in the first time. It's all my gosh. This guy was great. And then, I don't know. Then you fight out. They had no idea what Ellie were talking about. But these got both of these guys seem to be really great. Okay. Seen. Like on tremendous. Not on my mic. So you're going to start with a pool. I haven't even given a pool results from yesterday. Which I'll get to because how unusual that we start to show with a pool. That would be like how unusual we start to show by saying, hello. You know, and finishing the show by saying, bye, bye, bye. How unusual and that unusual? Revolutionary. Ten minutes after nine and five, 60 here in the last of the summer. You gave the time before going into the break. I didn't go. I'm not going into the break. I just said the land of the tower. Now I'm going into the break. See, interrupting me again. See, it's all Georgia doing it again. Say, please sweeper. He's interrupting me again. This little stick rhymes with prick. Just cut the crap. You can be replaced by a Carlos. I can't stand the smell of that toothpaste in the tea room there. I go in here to take a leak at about a quarter to nine. Or whatever. Eight twenty. Whatever it was. He just has come out of there, obviously. And somebody's in there doing therftir business. And the combination of the smell of the toothpaste combined with the aroma of the whatever is going on in the stall. They're I'm going to tell you. There's another good reason. It's enough to make you swoon. Anyway, can I do the dance spot? We got we don't want to get too far behind. It's Wednesday. We're going to have time to catch up. Dalam actress is one of the great bunch of people in the world. And the reason I say that is because when it comes to getting you a new name brand, mattress and unbeatable price would deliver that you never heard of like in your life. This is the place. And the best part of the whole deal is you don't have to go anywhere. All you have to do is sit there on your ass and make one easy phone call to the Paramatrice at 1 800 mattress. 1 800 mA TTR yes. Now have you sleeping like a baby all year long with the best name brand, mattress. And like I said at every day low unbeatable price. They got the best. Seagully. Surred a Simmons King court letter besides in style. And when you call that 1 800 mattress number, you won't be just talking to an eye an order taker an operator. You'll be talking to an expert vet and consultant hook up with exactly what you've been looking for. So if you want to do yourself and you're back a big favor, this is the way to do it. Miguel be doing it. George has done it. I'm doing it too. And as far as deliveries concern, you get to choose the date and time and they'll show up right on time when they say it. In fact, they got a 99% on time record. What is convenient for you? That's when they'll be there even today if you call right now. Here's the toll free number again for Dalam. I'm at the best in the business. 1 800 mattress. 1 800 mA TTR ES. What a great way to start off the new year with a gift for you and your back. A new mattress from Dalam. I have a local this is 560. There are years old yours. I'm not a QA in. How like meals pull? The Thornwoodian Lucky. I was standing there one day. Not thinking I would die. From being able to make the digital. For the fact you never keep thinking down on. A big back must be trapped inside my bowels. I'm at the best in the business. How can you die from the fact of thoughts? You're the only one who's just like this. You're the only one who's just like this. You're the only one who's just like this. You're the only one who's just like this. You're the only one who's just like this. You're the only one who's just like this. You're the only one who's just like this. You're the only one who's just like this. You're the only one who's just like this. You're the only one who's just like this. You're the only one who's just like this. You're the only one who's just like this. Why did you let me so too good at? Why could you lose and get it right? My bow will look locked inside my honey. Can I take my turtle out? If you're the one who's just like this, if you're the one who's just like this, I've 15 and 5 and 60 WQA. That's how the sick I'll tell you that right now. And that's why we like it so much. Oh yeah, we'll leave it to you to start out with a disgusting book of Brian. But yeah, that's right. In fact, we've already played two book of Brian. But it's we've played the Gimors one and we've played that too. How pretty could that guy. I'll be calling him weights a vote. We hear from him anymore. I gave up. He gave up. He gave up. For no help. That's not good. 34 votes already. I was supposed to like that first at Oshia on provoking two of the called moments ago. Hey, to write the madness to you. But this crowd, this audience, a very area-dite people. This abulient crowd of ours. 34 votes about president pushes overall jobs so far. Total disaster 22. Fair for outstanding three. Good three and week two. So if you combine total disaster in week, you've got let's see 60, 9, 70.6%. How do you like their apples? How do you like their road apples? 70.6%. But I sure was impressed yesterday when he got under was talking about Sodom and about to Iraqi inspectors. He's getting a patient. He's getting sick and darn tired. A waiting for right here. Putting up with his changing his mind and doing this and doing that. He's getting sick and tired of it. Another was come clean now. Or we don't care. We're going to blow your ass up anyway. Because I think basically what a boils down to was we're going to blow their ass up anyway. And curl out of innocent people in the process, including many Americans. Yeah, but they didn't find anything. Oh, and how could I start without getting, we should have been for the guys right before the Polish We should have talked about contract. Did you see that story? He was telling me about it. Wow. I don't want to give people nervous or anything like that. And tracks. But there's a story going on this morning. Postal service test facility for Anthrax. Washington. And I love these stories. Possible bacteria found in Federal Reserve sample. They didn't say what kind of a sample it was. Yeah, I might have been that. The US Postal Service began testing for Anthrax at one of its Washington facilities. After the Federal Reserve said, It's own testing of male-led indicator. Potential presence of the bacteria. A postal official said yesterday. Tom Day. Vice-I wonder if he's related to Dennis. Tom Day. Vice-President of engineering at the Postal Service emphasized for that the test being performed out of the an abundance of caution and said that there's no evidence of Anthrax contamination or any health risk to post the workers of the public. And well, what does that mean? That sounds like double talk to me. Out of an abundance of caution and there is no evidence of anthrax contamination or any health risk to post the workers of the public results of the test are expected any moment, like earlier today, which it's getting later than you think. It says it's not clear whether the possible anthrax might have come from a letter or any other piece of mail they said. Though the sample was, and what I'm going to do here is the sample was generally gathered from the mail process that a government-only male facility in this area of Columbia. It was generally gathered. What does that mean? I have no idea. I don't want to say that they're double talker. That's something like that. But it was an abundance of caution and it was generally gathered. But it would, but about, but it would, it would, it would like that. Maybe they got some cuteness. And don't forget it's not a question of if it's a question of when. Don't forget that. Okay. We don't know what or where or who. See these five guys that they got kind and had fraud that hoaxed these five herbs. What about the other eight hundred that they don't know about who probably are the evil doers? See, that's what I concerned about. Because they always seem to find the scancers that come up with this phony crap. Oh, look out for these guys. They're the band that come to find out that the guys who are like standing right behind them. They're the bad guys that we don't know anything about them. But nevertheless, just the, that's right just covering yourselves accordingly. Are we still monitoring the most show you bet? From the moment I get into my car to the moment I got here, I was monitoring every single word. Every nuance, every breath, every squeaky word. I mean, everything that was going on, man. 66 votes on air and, oh, oh, oh my god. 66 votes. Can you see it on air? Look at the person. The percentage of people say it's a total disaster is 44 out of 66. You know what percentage that is? 2, 3, 66.6. 6, 6, 6, 6. Oh, hey. First we get a story about anthrac, and now we got the old 66. I don't want to get you nervous though, because it's one day it's hump day. And no wonder what we'll put a big smile on your post with some good stuff. How predictable that it was that you'd play comedy with, no wonder one. You know what? You're so transparent. I know it. Just like a pain of glass. Here's a call from Miami. Hello? Yes. I'm shocked that you started to show with a poll, and I think it's affecting the tone of the show. Yeah, you're right. I don't like that tone. Well, how did you like that asshole? I don't like that asshole. I got my, my big CD though, and I'm tickled pink about it. That's fantastic. Is it a great? You're available now, and they're actually sending them bow. I would trust me, because it's the first time I think about two years. They really put anything on there that we set out. Very high quality as far as the production value. If you guys ever write off into the sunset from 2 AM and resurface, you should be on FM. Because you could, your bits would sound so much better. Oh, amen. Amen. Put a mug in somebody's ear. Hey, I'm called out the FM radio theory. The out that I hear a story of a news this morning was I dreaming that they say they foiled some sort of plot. There were some A-Rabbs going to blow up. Yeah, that was yesterday, stir from the York Post, which somehow we all missed. And with somehow the news media don't seem to, evidently, it turns out that was another, there was nothing to it. A-Rabbs. A-Rabbs. Right. Right. So we're going to have to put all these people on to tell the truth. Will the real gangs do the real terrorists? They real evildoers, please stand up. Anybody else sit your ass back down again. I missed a lot of yesterday's show. Did you, did you, or I'd talk about the death row guys getting all wet out, no one, or? No, we talked yesterday about, about music people, about dead recording artists. I mean, what I did make a comment. I said it's going to be fine until we have the first woolly horton come along like Michael Duke Caucus. And the first guy that he let off the throw, ah, it kills a few people. Then they're going to say, oh, not a good idea. Absolutely. It's called throwing the baby out with the bathwater bathwater. Try the rest. And have a great day. There you go. Try the rest. Somebody wanted us to take a pool of member there and I don't forget about that. On the death penalty. We're angry, man. We know it's wrong. We know they're not supposed to kill people. It's hypocritical. But the Bible says, right? And that what the Bible says, and I for an eye, a two-four-two. Things like that? That's what the Bible says. And if the Bible says it must be written by some idiots. Here's, can I get to the results from yesterday's pool? Oh, speak to the Bible say that. Man, I got so much good stuff here today. I might not have to take too many damn calls because we don't have it in any way. Good letter to the editor in the Sun Scental Day, the core problem with religion. I'll get to that by J.M. Herzgebits in Fort Lardell. Go on, J.M. Get yourself a real name now. I don't, I just don't go for these people who are like by initials like J.P. and J.R. and J.C. and... Well, what is that? It's a thing. What, what is a thing? Get a name, okay? Not an initial. Vorset's sanctity of life day will get to that. That's enough to make you puke your guts out. But we don't influence the outcome of our pool. Here's some really good news. Suit versus Dicees gets go ahead and broward county. Case involving two priests, even though the cattle and church try to block it. And a turtle in the Sun Scental. Time for Miriam elephant to step down to which we say, Yeah, that's what we say. Let me get to the pool, please. Yes, today's. See, it's almost 9.30 already and because of that one guy with such a sarcastic idiot, we haven't got to the results from yesterday's pool. He's given with our agenda here with our gay agenda. Who is your all-time favorite dead recording artist we asked yesterday and again, we apologize for George being such a hard ass. Because definitely Stevie Ray punch it a bit on there. Even Stevie Watership and on here isn't dead yet, but someday. John Lennon wins. And of course we know the John Lennon was killed by the CIA. When you liked that call yesterday, that guy was, uh, he was interesting. Too much bad drugs. Too much bad drugs, kids. It'll affect your mind for years. Look at Norma Kent. John Lennon 180. Jimmy Hendricks had some bogus votes in there, but nevertheless, what are we care, right? Do we really care? No. And you want to know why I don't care? See, or nearly I care, but in this case it helped them beat out Frank Sinatra. So let's say, alright, Jimmy Hendricks, you go boy. 180 votes for John Lennon 136 for Jimmy Hendricks. Frank Sinatra 113. I just, uh, and Jim Morrison 109, Elvis 100. Those are the people that 100 votes are more, though are those five. Now how can Frank Sinatra and Jimmy Hendricks be like you Morrison? But again, the question's here, why do I do that? I didn't say who is the best. I said who's your favorite all-time dead recording artist. Obviously we got a lot of old farts out there who like people who talk songs and set a sing and they like Frank Sinatra. And search for notes. My way. Searching for it. And the note too. Elvis 100, which is a little better than we thought he would do, isn't it? Yes, he was languishing in the middle of the pack to later on the day. And then all the Elvis people, they must have gotten their Daisy chain going. They probably called up their pals in Graceland. And so get on that website, they're good on anti-oirages.com, and vote until you can't vote no more. Don't say mo no mo. 5 barley 89. 5 barley 89. That's all our, all our drug use out there. Freddie Mercury 72. That's all our queens. Frank Zepho 58. And you didn't want to put them on there. Frank Zepho 58. Jim Crowche 54. And I forgot to begin by Jim Crowche album that I got. Dang it. Man. Marvin Gaye had 50. Roy Orbison 45. Did we find you got it yet? No. It's around here somewhere. It's in this room. In fact what I'm going to do is let you and Carlos make gutterwell sounds. I don't have time to be doing the show. I've got to be looking for that Roy Orbison. You got it. I love that. In fact, there was some spot that I saw last night was it on Smallville. Oh, by the way, Smallville was pretty good last night. But it was okay. I like the way that they were all swatted up there. Clark and Lannon the beginning and then from there went downhill. They always give us the tease. You know, like something's going to happen. Except how come she was looking for that. You think that he's got since he ain't doing anybody. You think he's got like a super grip. But anyway. Now it was pretty interesting. And of course that scene where he had his mom. What was his name? The your her boyfriend that got killed. I don't know. Well, all shows actually was a dicholation. I was all about lesbianism. And this was her name Tina. The horrible the evil the evil doer with the Tina. She was had the hotse for Lanna. Right. So was a dicholation. But anyway, the middle of the show. There was a spot. I think it was on that show. And the music that they used was Orbison and you got it. And I thought, oh, my God. There's our psychic powers again. I say our cause yesterday. So pretty soon developing cart cancer powers. Of course, nobody be getting any from anything alive. But we'll just that x-ray vision. I could have some fun. There we go. Well, he doesn't. He said it'll pick too often. More than 5 10 times a day. 27 past 9 at 5 60 WQ. Did I ever give the results? Well, we got to do the break. How predictable. See because that guy. Ha ha ha. Oh, he was great. Anyway, hey, the new year's here. This is not the right copy. I don't think is it. Oh, see it's a damn good thing that I took my time there. Well, that's because Todd's wreck is he's all over the place. You know, he doesn't have any clue what he's doing. And he also never shows his push in here, which is probably a good thing. Whitney. Whitney, thank you. Not Whitney Houston, but Whitney the uh, blonde goofball. What was I saying about Whitney? How did I? You were. Oh. Another year's gone by and you're still underpaid and stuck in your crappy job. Well, if New Year's resolution is a high paying career in getting out of that horrible job. All fast-trained, they're happy to recall 1866 fast-trained. If you enroll now, you can be certified on the way to New High paying job by April. That is correct. You can commit if you can commit three nights a week fast-trained and have you certified as a computer professional by this April, which is only right down the road to peace. So call fast-trained tool free at 866 fast-trained because they offer you job placement easy financing. They night and weekend classes too. The best-trained's got four convenient locations there in Miami, Kindle, Pemper Pies and Four Loderedale. Just one easy call there behind your way to a new exciting career so call them right now. You got to know that crappy dead end job. Say good bye to that crappy old boss and get your real career. Call fast-trained one, 866 fast-trained right now or check them out on the web at fast-trained.com. We're supposed to read your five six four. You a-m. God, Neil. On Family has captured the imagination of all of America. It's Al-Kidda in the family. Healing golden, spin-dales. Nundilny, let's go to hell. Living in the cave that smells. These are the day. Ostar of in Lodden's favorite son, Tsar, is taking over the family business. Funny business, that is. Oh, shut up in it, you'd be dead. And where is that no good meat time in the man? You called, but... Hell, kid, hey, in the family. If something you've seen before, oh boy, two moms don't read. What are you going to do? Eat the great Satan's and the dead and man, Jesus. From your part, to build up my strength for the Jihad. I do. Stop feeling up and start blowing at them. When the son of a jack will get the son of his own, the hilarity ensues on Al-Kidda in the family. Only on Al-Jisirat TV land. 9.32 at 5.60 WQM wouldn't you know it. I think we're getting a freak down our poll today. Oh, because it's the polls only been on her for like 15 minutes. We got 1506 votes. Is that possible? No, that never happened to 50 minutes. In addition to which the result of the poll, as soon as I gave the first result there, all of a sudden it took a dramatic turn. Dramatic change because see one thing about the right wingers is not only do they do you have to share their opinion, but if you don't, they'll make sure that everybody thinks you do. See what I'm saying. Otherwise they're going to make up your poll as they go along. It can't just do no minor old business and do their thing. And they'd be like 98% of the public. They got to like muscle in on the other 2%. So they can't even let us have our thing. 156 votes. The overall job the president doing so far total disaster is 77. Outstanding suddenly went from 3 to 42. Do you think that's just a coincidence? Week 16, fair 13 and good 8. As we continue watching, what's that one website? What are we're freeping us? The gun nuts free, what is that? I don't know. What did he just fart? Burped and it's like acid. Oh, no. What was from that toothpaste in the aroma from that dump that somebody was taking in there when he was brushing his teeth. Not to be really good idea to be brushing your teeth while somebody's in there taking a dump. Oh, that's a really good reason to do this. Because I get the few in my fucking ear soft against. And then all of a sudden when you're perfectly. All right. That's what I'm saying. That thanks for blowing it right on me. Oh, man. Carl's in there blowing fumes on George. What was it? Free. I've got my children. Samuels with no shillofabee. Oh, thank you. Check that out. Carl's check out and see if there you go. You'll have to scroll up and down because I got 8 billion things on there. But they're the freepers. The freepers and the creepers, jeepers. See if they were a creep in us today because that'll give us a better idea whether this pool has got any chance at all or not. Because I get really sick and tired of being freaked. What does that mean? It means they're like invading our space. They're invading our pool. Is it possible that a few people express your opinion what they got into a stick there and ozone it? And get all of their wackos, all of their right wing, sick of fans, all of that though. See now everybody. I don't care. Do whatever you want. Wouldn't you know you'd be talking about a pool? Well, look at that. George is lighting incense because I think he's a little bit incensed about what Carlos did do. I'll do it. So next time it'll just burst into flames. Man. Make sure you don't stick it. There is. Fractom. So anyway, what did I say last? Bob Marley 89 yesterday. Freddie Mercury 72, Frank Zepha 58 and Krishifier. I did those. Didn't I? Where are you? 45. That's why I stopped because I was talking about not having you got it. I love that song. And so I have a lot better than a battle of John and your quote. I'll take it right now. Sorry, Duff. When you agree with me. Oh, man. Everybody say, yeah. You got it. And, in fact, when it comes to tasting music, you don't got it. Where are we? 45. Kurt Cobain 42. Karen Carbiter 33. We played a little bit of Karen yesterday, which is why everybody's so depressed now. Do you agree, Garcia 31? I still don't understand that. Nor will I waste any time on it. It is what it is. George Harrison 27. Let me just say this. When Jerry Garcia beats out George Harrison, that tells it it's a really screwed up world. Right there. Just a little bit. I can pull poor our pulls all he wants for right there. That evidence is that the world has got a lot of serious problems. As in like number one, a lot of bad taste. Harry Chapin had 21. Harry Chapin has either won an, no, that's not him. It was, what's his name? That became the, um, cats Stevens. I was, for some reason, I was getting confused. Cats in the cradle and cats on your roof. Something, I don't know. Maurice give 19 more. Some sorry, sorry, Morris. He won't care now. Patsy Klein 18, buddy, Holly 18. So in other words, Jerry Garcia had 31 and Molly, but buddy, Holly had 18. Oh, my God, you people. Janice, japa, and 14. Rick Nelson had 11. That's criminal. That, that, you know, something whoever voted those 14 votes for Janice, Dublin should be arrested right now. And if the president's going to need to about, you probably will be because we know that she was like a radical probably coming pink or whatever she was. In fact, well, what happened to a German? Bobby Deren had 10. Sam Cook had five, Otis Reading five. Mama Cass had four, Dill Shannon four, Dusty Springfield had four, Boca Brian and Jackie Wilson Lee had one, which I again, to see that Jerry Garcia's got 31 and Jackie Wilson has got one vote. That says to me that there's a real serious problem going on in this world again. I think today just, just investigating these polls, we might discover all of your problems in a world, you know what? Even though that guy's pooping it, or he maybe's just pooping. Look at our poll, man. Look at this. Whoa. Are you finding anything on there or not? No. No. Just the old gun poll. Ha ha ha ha. Okay. 206 votes so far. How do you rate the president's overall job? He's a total disaster 104 outstanding 48 week 27. Fair 16 good 11. So if you had the percentages of a disaster in week, that's 63.5% which leaves 36%. That's like almost two turds. And this crowd. I realize this is a different crowd, but that's good. Because at least we still have a different crowd. And if you're not sure how long it'll be allowed by law, once we get that USA Patriot, I fully enforce, but at least for the time being, at least you have the opportunity to express that opinion here on the show. Even though don't verbalize it. Don't say it out loud because they may be tracing your call. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's a facts from Jimmy. How you doing, Jimmy? Jimmy says, hi, Neo. We love your polls. Broker Brian rules. Get rid of the calls. It says most working people can't call any would go back to the bedtime story. Jimmy, we don't have any calls now anyway, Jimmy. Yeah, look, we got a choice. Yeah. So I'm going to do some bedtime stories. They're new to one, we'll play our stuff. Because we don't have any calls now anyhow. Because these people have nothing to say. Well, it's because you're not having another poll building show like you mentioned. Oh, I see those are the ones. I told you that the other day. We can do that every single day. I mean, get a little pond or isn't you going to run a stuff to ask polls about. But if we do a poll on the ear thing about who's your favorite musician, who's your favorite dead musician, what state has got the most boogers? I mean, whatever. We're still getting suggestions for that poll. Good. Let's put them on the ear. The big bopper. No. The big bopper. Well, I was, see, this is a poll that you can say no to. I mean, if that's their opinion, but I don't say, I don't believe that. I don't believe that. Do you think of all these names we got on here that really the big bopper would be somebody's favorite, then recording art. Do you believe that? Name besides chantilly lays. Name another hit he had. Otter. Yeah. I mean, it was a fun record. You know, not fun. It was goofy. It was a fun. Novelty record. He tinkled on it. Hey, we like saying, the 1910 Fruit Gum Company for your favorite group. Right? I mean, they had some fun novelty records. It was silly crap. But she's, if that's the extent of your musical taste that the big bopper is your favorite, there'd be courting artists. Again, I think we have to have a mass lobotomy. I'm not saying everybody needs to agree with me, although it would be a good idea. But what is that all about? Seriously, because they don't understand, look at that, just knock my thing off here. They don't understand the poem. Get a little bit too animated for my own good. Not good stuff around here. Good thing I didn't run into Mo and a hallway. I'd had to knock that thing off his head. Change the color of it. You think it's like a comedian wanted changes color, depending on the, what it's next to. Have you ever seen comedian stuff? Yeah. You've seen comedian change color. They get on the green leaf and they become green. They get on like a purple vein and they become purple. And they're those, then there's those paints you'll see on cars sometimes depending on the angle. You look at them, they change color. Oh yeah. Based on the angle. Like my car used to be silver and now according to Mandog, it's white. I've had this, you've seen some microbecebine like that. That from a certain angle they look green and they look blue. And then it looked like they're gone because they go on and get a new one. Well, I just do it to piss people off. 2410 at 5.560 WQAM total disaster 110 outstanding 51 week 34 fair. 18 and good 11 out of 224 votes. We may set a record today. Oh, right. Keep your nose to the grindstone there. We may set a all time record. 224 votes in about what time did the full go up? Give or take. That'll be 10. He must have made us. Huh? They have out of quarter after. That's 20 minutes ago. 25 minutes ago. At this rate we're going to have 72 million votes. So this guy who's pool pooling our pool will guess what? Pool pool to you, okay? Idiot. Anybody think they're going to get a response in this town of the Silias Sports Show? Well, what's your take on this weekend? I heard some calls the last of this past 24 hours, man. It's just enough to curl my toes. I mean, I like Oakland 24 to equal 7. What do you guys think? Click and then like what is that? Let's call off this Cleo. See what she thinks. What kind of a conversation is that? Do you like Carlos? Who do you think? What's the score? Hey, how about those maple leaves? Horrible again. They played last night. They still won, which is a miracle. And today we got to Panthers and the Bruins at the Macarena. Tonight we'll see who the real fans are. I'll be there. Not because they've been, you know, I mean, they had these two embracing moths. But a lot of people stay away. Anybody can support a winner. Anybody can jump on a bad wagon when things are going good. It's what things are going bad. And they need us to be there. That's when the real people show up. So we'll see, this because they lost 18 to four and last two games together. Well, that's the way it goes. Get it out of your system. Loosen 12 to 2 is no different than losing one and nothing. It's the same thing. It's no point in understanding. It's embarrassing. But nevertheless, Bruins and the Panthers at the Macarena night. Let's see who the real fans are. And I'm not talking about Bruins fans. I'm getting tired of seeing fans for the other teams except the Leafs. Show up in that damn place. Well, what's wrong with that? That's my team, man. I'm not the real shame to say it. 45 years this year. Make believe. Remember that's three about the crazy. Well, that's three about the crazy old religious bitch in the belly there in Toronto. Oh, yeah. Why'd she run with legend you? Well, I said make believes. Yeah. And then when she ate the kishki, she was trying to convert me when she came in there. And I actually talked to she, well, what's good here? I said try the kishki you love it. She ate it and she loved it. And now she's Jewish. Hey, snow and Miami. That's right. Tom Limit and Joe Prieto are buried in it. The fact we've said how it's so many cars. There's no place to park them. Even Tom Limit had a park car in his driveway and all of them are still there, which is amazing. So they need to place a car in yours. Or a vehicle anyway. Hell is blowing out all the new vehicles regardless of profit, including the brand new Pontiac Vibes starting only 13,998 bucks and giving you up to five grand off and every GMC I'm boy and stock. Plus gets 0% financing or up to a $3,000 rebate. So they're not given a boy, but next best thing. Of course, have it also as they stupid a selection of dependable pre-owned car as trucks and SUVs. Let me say it again. If you drive it an SUV, you don't have to apologize to anybody because if you're a subsidizing terrorism, everybody else who's driving like anything that's using gas. Right? Even a load load. Anybody that's got gas. You're subsidizing it. So we make no apologies for some great SUVs at Hell at Pontiac. And if you have credit problems, if every other dealer in town turned you down, this is the place you ought to be turning to because they will find somebody to get to in a great car. It's a winter blizzard emergency clearance sale going on right now at Hell at Pontiac GMC. And you'll find them in the same stupidest location they've been treating people great for over 35 years, which of course is why they're still there. 134. 134. One South Dixie Highway that's you must want to cross on the falls open every day. Seven days a week. And when you mention you heard the Neo-Riger show, you'll save even more because they love me. They love George's not too fun to Carlos. Call right now called the Neo-Riger's Neo-Dio. Hotline and toll free at 1.534.42. They heard he's a trouble maker. They heard that from Eric. 1.534.4211. Hallett Potty, G.M.C. who'd be professional grade. The Neo-Riger's is for 20th place in New York. 2.534. Bait that jader meat. 3.534. I'm smelling something that's right to please him. 3.534. It's a very dangerous control. It happened the second New York off your shoe. 7. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 15. 10. 10. 1000. 10. 11. 50. 10. 15. 10. you take them. And you take them. 13.5.60 WQA M5.60, 705.60, pound five. 60 on the AT&T of Verizon Wireless Line. This pool is in generating a spectacular response today. I bet you we have more than 300 votes by 10 o'clock. In the history of the Enviderway, what's all these heterosexual agenda magazines that you guys are swapping? Miguel, you'll be pleased to know what's looking at some TV magazine in there. What is it? Maxim? Maxim? Yes. The Keene Blitz. Well, at least he's got good taste today anyway. See, I could declare that at least finally somebody brought in somebody looks good besides Brittany. Oh, here's what? Here's what it says. I really missed John Denver. How about Bob Denver? He's got that. I didn't say he was there. But don't we miss him? I sure don't because that was a horrible show. That was an awful show. Of course it was. I mean anybody that watched that show without at least one finger up on nostril. I mean, you know, forget about it when you're a little kid. No, I didn't, at any age, I didn't watch that show. What show was it? Killigan silent? Yeah. Wasn't Jim neighbors on that show? No. What's he always doing neighbors on? Go for polytheid. Oh, I'll say it's the same stuff. Exactly. Sure. Beverly Hill, Billy's. What's the one with David Gabor? Green acres. Green acres. And the ones and the love vote. All the same. All the same trailer trash watch those shows. trailer trash. Right. Watched all of the shows. I just mentioned. Green acres. Huge prime time. A gallery decent day. I don't care. trailer trash watch that. I didn't say they were the only ones who watched it. Just like trailer trash watches your springer. College kids watch your springer too, but with a different perspective. College college kids are laughing at it and with it. And the trailer trash are believing it. The fact they're beating the crap out of each other in sync with the show. It didn't say in sync, didn't he? Oh, gee. I'm apologize. 284 votes already. President Bush's popularity rating is dropping. It's not a 58% the lowest in sign 11. How do you rate his overall performance so far? Miguel says, excellent day. Didn't anybody say he said the best. He said the best president. He's we got right now. 204 votes total disaster 132 46.4% week 59. 20. Ha ha. Outstanding 57. That's slow down pretty good there. The outstanding, isn't it? Can't imagine why 57. That's 20% fair. 21 and good 15. So outstanding or good is 25.2% which leaves almost 75% in the other categories. A spectacular response if I do say so myself. We're going to break the records today. Good. Which indicates that there are a lot of people out there just ripped up into an epi-pluck to Apple. How do you say that? Appi-pluck at frenzy. Can't believe I couldn't say that. The Georgia Supreme Court struck down a 170-year-old father that made it a crime for a married people to have sex. Oh, right. He liked that. The ruling Monday came in the case of a 16-year-old boy discovered having sex with his girlfriend, the bedroom of her home. The young woman's mother made the discovery. Don't you think mom ought to butt out? Get her ass out of there. He's getting a late in there. Of course we don't know how old a girlfriend was. Our opinion simply affirms that the government may not reach into the bedroom of a private residence and criminalized the private, non-commercial, consensual sex acts of two persons legally capable of consending those acts to keep us disnorm in Fletcher Road. Under Georgia law the age of consent is 16. So as long as she was 16, there wasn't anybody in there breaking no laws. Fletcher also wrote that nothing in a relationship he read to address parents rights to regulate what occurs inside their home including who enters their house under what circumstances. Four occasion laws remain on the books in about ten states and the vestuative Columbia courts of struck down such statutes in Florida, Virginia and New Jersey. Following his convictions Jesse McClure now 17 was ordered to pay a fine and write an essay explaining why he should not have had sex. He wrote that it wasn't the course of business. Good for you, Jimmy. Jesse whatever your name is. Invading personal privacy just isn't just isn't right McClure said Monday and now goes that way for everybody. In 1998 the state Supreme Court overturned the anti-Sotomy law ruling and violated the Georgia Constitution guarantee of right to privacy. Well, how do you like that? So all these this business and those people out there we do have so much is just amazing to me who believe that the government has to write to stick their nose into somebody's bedroom. Your people need mental health. We need a mass lobotomy. You probably also voted for Jimmy Buffett. He's still alive. He's still eating cheeseburgers in paradise. Oh, I forgot about that. Wouldn't that be a great theme song for Moe show? Cheeseburgers in paradise already been suggested. Is that a fact that's on the back burner? Oh, right. Let's hear it. Do you think I stuck him? Do we ever discussed that before? No. I stuck him powers again. Maybe it's because I'm monitoring him so closely. I'm like, you read into the whole vibe of that poll. I was going to say show whatever that thing is. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Let's hear some more names that we left off yesterday. Some more dead recording artists that George and Sister we even put on. Because I look up and down at least and I do feel bad. You believe that I feel bad? I don't feel bad, but I just think we didn't incomplete job. If you're going to do a poll, don't be half out. Let's do it over again. Now you came up with a great idea. Just to piss off that first call of the day that O'shael provacatur. That's scumbag, douchebag. I mean, there's just nobody on here. I'm not saying what now, what do you think? And at you, you don't count. You're just always, you know, Miguel, he don't count. But like I like a 25 or 30 year old guy. What does he think of John Lennon? Does he give a crap about John Lennon? That depends on who it is. But I would say you're a liar. I would say you're a liar. I'm not. Right. Exactly. Oh my god. Look what the catch is dragged in. And he again, he's dragging his little daughter around like a prop again. We do leave her alone. Stop. He ought to be installed and bring his daughter home and bring his wife. He knows better than that. Were your concern, okay? KJ's in the building. I just thought I mentioned it. He slept in his little girl around. Maybe it's somebody else's little girl. I don't know. But what do they, I mean, Frank's an opera? Oh, no. See what I'm saying? I don't want to get relate to that. That's for old farts. So we do apologies profusely. And I think George had agreed on. He will start all over again. Five, six, six, seven. But after we finish with the president's popularity, of course. We're not going to slide by on that. Are we? No. Not what the kind of response we're getting here today. And here we start out with a guy that's making fun of our pool. The audience likes our pool, okay? They want our pool. Bad. They want on it. 301 votes already. It's only six minutes until 10. Mark my words, Mr. A record breaking turnout today on this pool. A gigantic humongous turnout. We're going to send a message. Oh, here we go. See? Roger Whitaker. But you mentioned for the, for the uncrowed Roger Whitaker. Right. Now what was that song he had Roger Whitaker? Derham tone. No. Derham tone. No. That's not the song that was really, nobody ever heard of that. He had a hit. The last farewell. That. Now is that it? I named the one I knew. See now you got me back to yesterday. Show me I thought we were only joking about that. People don't want to hear this again today. Do they? Do we care whether they want to hear it again or not? Roger Whitaker. Here's a white lion. White zombie. White snake. Watch out for those white snakes. Roger, but here's the last farewell. Like I said, that was his only hit. That's the one. It was in Palm Beach on WGNW. I played that 1975. That's the year I lost 100 pounds, George. And I found it. Lot of it anyway. 560, 560, Palm 560 on the AT&T. Line George wants to personally. In fact, I think he's going to make a public apology for leaving all those good things off yesterday. Forcing. I had a twist as arm just to get friends. Zap on there. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. All right. A difficult bit of information for you. I know you don't care for them too much. But American is going to be doing some not stop search. They're very good. That's the end of the month. Yeah. And on the news from where Miami is for loaded. Miami. Okay. On the WISCIP, the black guy on the NBC 6, willard something. You don't talk about the guy on the news. NBC 6, the black guy, the anchor, willard is. Willard somehow. I don't hear me better than the last name is. If I have the listen to them, make another reference to him being a golf war vet. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. And also, and all the fine. I was watching on the news yesterday. Yeah. The black people that were helping supporting her. Where's this coming from? I mean. Well, what does it have to do with race? Now, on the day County had David Lee, he was a white guy. But he was in confident. He, uh, they drummed his ass out. What difference is it make what color her skin is? She's in confident. And lead editor on those sons and then they, by the way, says that it's time for her to step down. Get out. Well, we have, you know, we have those. Of course, those professional ethnic to serve her. Any, any time, I mean, this woman, I'm black and I can see the sheath and confidence. And I don't even live in Broward. But I, you know, I see enough to notice sheath doesn't deserve. And that, uh, that's the whole that job. And every time I see black people out there trying to, you know, shout about discrimination and all that. I mean, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just card. You know, I mean, this woman deserves to be kind of any black person that was up there on the news, talking about this. If she was her, she would still be exactly the same thing in confidence. And they say that well, if you give rid of her now, make our voices heard and come election time and all that. Yeah, just like we saw this last election, uh, November when after all the belly aching about what happened in 2000, and nobody showed up this time either. So everybody talks to a good game, but nobody wants to put their, uh, ass where their mouth is. That's true. They're a good. Don't gotta rape them. Okay. Yeah, George wants to put somebody's ass where his mouth is. 957 at 560 WDQM is probably on a front page. Just gonna say that there's my psychic powers again, but that didn't take a genius to figure out of that, the Max magazine. She's really hot and she's naked, but you're not seeing anything. So what's the big deal? It's kind of like, titillate. I'll fill in the blanks. Hey, everyone presented it with an opportunity when you should've could've or would've done something but didn't do it well. Here's an incredible fany-may mortgage rate out there waiting for you at 3.45% so do it, do something about it. This rate is available by calling financial group toll free at 1-800-94053-63. If you were to compare a 7% rate with 3.45% you'd say yourself, $3,500 in the very first year alone for $300,000 that you owe, $100,000 cost you only $447 bucks a month. This is an opportunity that isn't going to last long. It's a 40 year low. So if you think about refinancing or purchasing home, here's the way to do it. Call financial group toll free at 1-800-94053-63. The process is simple and the call is free. There's no obligation they will explain to you how it works. 1-800-940-LAND. Financial group has been an equal housing lender to 1,000 of borrowers with a fany-may program. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are something to change if you delay. 5.34 APR, call financial group today at 1-800-940-LAND. $5,000 in local. Here's sports video 5-60 suing, suing, suing, suing, suing. Give South Florida a major blow job. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Don't worry about that, what you would know from your work? I went to So I would not feel for more spoon. No! And I would not be ashamed. About a ginger and moke, union. Just hold it and stroke it away. For if it kill me you're not my type. Just sound like a nine year old kid. It's a... Only a macho menlady guy. You don't know this. That makes me lift my wig. If ginger was a lover of mine, I'd bury my bonus penny, no. Inside is simply re-written. No, I would not feel a spoon. Oh no! If I was not a clause at the fae, That's why a ginger and moke union would make me feel to be in pain. Everybody follow my thousand calls. Yeah, ginger and moke union. That would make my sorrow fully as to sleep. If we had a ginger and moke union, then he wouldn't have to get me raped. 10-0-2-560-WQM-4252 on a fantastic Wednesday. Great letter to the editor by J.M. Herskabits. Get your real name, J.M. Maybe just when the fit on the line. In Fort Lutterdale. The core problem with religion. Typical of what our governor in sites when he is beholden to faith, But at times for gets his family, is the letter for stolen Christians that declared that the Christian community has contributed more for the benefit of mankind than all other religions combined. Putting aside the fact that nothing has caused the deaths of more human being throughout mankind's history than religion, or faith as J.D. calls it. It is the letter writer statement that pinpoints the problem with faith. My religion is better than yours. Sounds like a comedy bit to me. That's why we must proselytize and convert you to our good faith. When when you smart people were being propagandized into the ground wake up. Excellent. Well done. Short sweet right to the point. Nice going, J.M. Whoever you are. See you, K.J. What I was good timing by K.J. wasn't. He's a hoot. Right on target man. Oh yeah, we're going to course you in our way. We're going to make it off for you. Can't refuse. Which is what religions have done since the beginning of the time. Since the invented the first one. Since they made up the first three tails. To try to get everybody else to conform to their cock-eyed ideas of what I've been supposed to be for everybody. Do no harm, man. D&H. That's my religion. I've been preaching it for years. It makes sense. That's it. Do no harm. You don't have to have any money. Any religion that cost you money. It's a scam. It's a con game. Well that leaves. If a cost you something to believe in something, then it's a con game. Well, but yeah, cost might maintain the church of the temple. We need to go to the church of the temple to believe in a religion for. To have somebody pat you on the head so you know you're doing it. It's a club. Okay. A social club. It's a social club. It's a place where people go on Friday or Saturday or Sunday or whatever. And they go there so they can sit around with other people. And they're singing songs. They're chanting a bunch of stuff that they have no idea what it... You know, they're being off Tomatons. They're being lemmings. They're being sheep. A mutual atmosphere. It takes a very, very different breed of strong-minded people to think for themselves. Not necessarily to agree with me or Georgia or anybody else, but just to think for yourself. Instead of quoting a bunch of gobbledygook that a bunch of primitive idiotic people wrote thousands of years ago. That's what really cracks me up. It's supposedly we're like progressing. You know, we're evolving. I hate to use that word. But at least mentally we're evolving. We're coming out of the dark ages. We're becoming like more thoughtful and more intelligent. Except in this one area, which is the most important one of all. Because this is the one that's held all of our heads right now. That big mushroom cloud. Oh yeah. We got to get on that road arm again. Come on. Let's go. No thanks. Come on. That's you only we're going to get the Lord to come back. You know the one they need a lot of time across? Sick. The whole story is sick. The whole concept is sick, sir. But 159 people say the presence of disaster. El Presidente W. And he's getting pretty sick and tired of all this dillon around here by Sodom. And these inspectors, he wants a matcha now. He wants the smoking gun. Can't you just see what his big boots on? Cobo hat? Six-shooter? I heard Mad Dog yesterday talking about John Wayne. He somehow doesn't impress me like John Wayne. More like John E. Newman. Yeah. Yeah. He's bright. 149 votes already, which is shocking unless than an hour. Astonishing. He's a total disaster 159 outstanding 74. Week 71. Fair 24 and good 21. 21.2% outstanding good 20. So it's like 73 to 27% on the negative to recite. They're finding a catch an eye to him. Now plus the passage of time allows people to stop doing what they feel they don't have to be obedient anymore. Even though it says in the US pay fee act, we have to be obedient. They say, well, screw that. And 15 clean and you notice all these people now said not all, but more and more from protesting out there against the pay fee act and all this other fascism that's going on and restrictions of freedoms, etc. under the guise of protecting us against the evil doors, which we don't know who they are or where they are, but nevertheless. Bush sets sanctity of life day, more of this stuff, right in line with a lot of us just talking about. All the more reason to be terrified to be scared crapless of him and his ilk of these evil doors in DC. Anti-abortion activist, hell, Sunday observance. President Bush pleased anti-abortion activist yesterday by declaring a national sanctity of human life day and pledging his administration's commitment to build a culture that respects life, which is code for no more abashing. No more women's rights to choose. Talk about pandering to a bunch of loony tunes. As we seek to improve quality of life, overcome illness and promote vital medical research, my administration will continue to want to our country's founding ideals of equal dignity and equal rights for every American, and the document that connects no change in policy or program by working together to protect the weak, the imperfect and the unwanted. We affirm a culture of hope and help ensure a brighter future for all, except, of course, when it comes to things like stem cell research, we can't do that. Because that gets defeat of suckers all better, out of shape. He proclaimed this Sunday National Sanctuary of Human Life Day. Mark that down yet? Oh, get with it. This Sunday is National Sanctuary of Human Life Day, urging Americans to mark the occasion at home where in places of worship to help others to help others to reaffirm our commitment to respecting the life and dignity of human being, except those godless atheistic and other who don't believe the same thing he believes. The six paragraph document was enthusiastically received by anti-abortion activists who said it precisely summarized the philosophy behind their movement. You can almost smell it up here. This is exactly where we're at, said Darla St. Martin, Executive Associate Executive Director of National Right to Life. It helps people understand our cause, it helps people to understand what we're working so hard to defend unborn children. The ones who are already alive, scrum! To help with them, but unborn children, that's what we're obsessed about. The National Abortion and reproductive rights actually did not return to call for common, and of course, you can understand why. They're probably peeing in their pants and boarding up the doors. As he has done throughout his presidency, Bush appeared to be seeking to burn us his anti-abortion credentials while trying not to alienate moderate voters. Well guess what? He heard of the Born-Alive Infants Protection Act he signed last year, which amends the legal definitions of person human being, child and individual, to include any fetus that survives an abortion procedure. There made it to people around the world hurry yelling fetus, please cause we're starving to death. They're dispelling it different. Bush also underscores administrations efforts to champion compassion and alternatives to abortion, such as encouraging abstinence and adoption and passing parental notification and waiting period laws. He called unborn children those without the voice and power to defend their own rights. Unlike minorities in this country, of course, he don't give a flying crap about, unless they happen to be part of his administration or bexicon. Well that's because he speak it peeing at a party. They're in the family. Let's see today's poll may get a lot of votes, but it's nothing that could say anybody's bloodboring says that you're full of crap. It doesn't get her bloodboring, and of course it does. You out of your mind? This man's got his finger on a button, dammit. Although you should have heard Mo talk about this more and say that Pat Boone was not, no so the poll could be authentic. Pat Boone's not dead. He's really obsessed with you when you show, tell the mayor of the morning to stick to sports, talking about anything else is not his forte. I would rather hear Joseph Gackie in the mad dog yapping over football game, those in the jagger monster. Talk about ginger and gage George, tell him to get a life in shut down. He's a pedal to a stick and I'm monitoring every moment of it. I didn't hear about Pat Boone, he died. No, no so what else I got to do with our poll yesterday. Good, golly Mo. I'll tell you when you wear your hairpiece too tight. It starts affecting the circulation of there, you know. And then, of course, then your Vircos veins start popping out even that much more because of the pressure in on say. It starts working his way down all the way to your back. Back to him. 10 minutes past 10 at 5. 60 W to Q I M. 50 million votes on a poll and doesn't get people's blood boarding. Are you out of your mind or what's there or whatever you are? If you've all grown your home is your family getting bigger and you need more space for an at home office, nurse resowing room or new master bedroom or bath whatever it might be. When you need more space for your place, call our people at Strictly Additions is the one stop shop more space for your place place. When they worry for your approach to expand your living space. They show up exactly when they say they will. You won't have any hidden charges that you don't respect. They're the experts at pulling permits of the work gets completed on time. And now for the new year you can use your income tax return to get the work done. All of you folks out there shopping for new home is why bother. By the time you sell buy clothes move, you might as well just put some equity in the out of your current home and call Strictly Additions. I could say, here, pull it out. Some equity that is. You'll pay for a new addition to a home you already love. Call Strictly Additions today call 954-791-8100. That's 954-791-8100. They're less than an insurance professional. Call at number for free estimate call Cregor Patrick at 954-791-8100. Strictly Additions will save you a lot of time lots of money you won't have to move to improve. Get you a whole new house with the same address call 954-791-8100. For Strictly Additions today and be sure to tell that crazy PD Lenny told you to call. And more this is 425-620-821-8100. Oh, R-O-N. The next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the the next day, the last day, the next day, the next day, the next, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next Day, the next day, the next, the next, the next day, the next Everyday, the next, the next time, the last, that day, the next, we'll have hours, we'll have hours later, we'll have hours later, we'll have hours later, we will have hours later, we'll have hours later, we'll have hours later, we'll have days later, we'll have hours later, we're at the different location, we're at the different location, are the different location, it's the different location, it's the other location, the different location, it's the different location there, all the different location, the different location there, the different location, the different location there, the different location, everything park, all the different location, everything park, all the different location, work deer and R  ago looks that's where there are the footage I said, lonely is scared So if this right we break the old pole That's up to Lord, mine just been here's a door Psycho-rich never be known On the radio Lord, as well as the shudders You die Lord, as well as the shudders Lord, as well as the shudders He's every tear you know I hear she smells worse than Carlos's breath 10 16 at 5 60 WCQA I'm 292 votes on a pole You know it's amazing that somebody could burst their teeth So I just scoured them with pepsonate And still have a stench breath Oh, when he was grudtsing That would be a good pole to take Who's got worse breath my little dog or Carlos Now that I see that he's got Oh my little dog he's got Why do you know he's got tart around his teeth Are you familiar with that whole thing? Yeah And the scam Because if they're going to clean your dogs teeth They have to put them under Under what? The table? Well seriously they have to put them under They have to knock them out Because most dogs have no bite You're the other, they're not going to say That's why they're still trying to steal While you burst their teeth and rinse them out Yeah right Maybe crushed but not the other stuff I mean that's what he's in there Brushing with in the morning is crushed I never thought about that Maybe that's why he's so frantic when he's in there By the way your microwave just went off Carlos Thank you That's my stupid Oh Here's a good fact The fact machine has been really good We haven't even got what's his name's Faxia today Greg Man oh man If we could find out what he does that See I think we've been experimenting this last year on a show And I think we're finally finally the winning formula You know, call over here Yeah, I might be one over there But in the meantime all kinds of other cramp You know You thought I want to say What do you say? Oh and also let me just say this Cause I'm reforming some of these people out there Cause they have this desperate need to reach out to me No they really do this is their only contact with humanity And I use that term loosely speaking about me Anyway, this is Jeff Heiz neighbor again Who actually is a good fact so when he refrains from writing about F.I. unless it's a Costic fact like they're one of the other day That was pretty good So Greg and this guy Wait till I get to this one but first It says Neil I woke up this morning thinking about a show you did a few years ago About the stars in Hollywood with the big Johnson I remember Warren Vady Ed Begley, Jr. and Milton Burl I wonder if you can get a hold of an updated list with popular guys of day Like Ben App like George Clooney Russell Crowe Mad David etc Please I need to know who has a big one and it's sign Alice Rantell No sign by How do we know who's got a big one? Now I will say this in the town that Mr Ripley I'm one that's seen where the very pasty did you see that movie? Where the very pasty Mad Damon is walking up his green bathing suit And he's the guy that he's like searching for He's laying there on the beach with his girlfriend And Matt Damon has got a bathing suit on a bikini Now what are you nodding you saw that? Anything he's got like a sausage in it or we can basically tell his religion His recent sexual experiences and if he has any sexually transmitted diseases Maybe it was a prosthetic like a marquee mark was it could have been a prosthetic Maybe it was like a aesthetic I don't know And see it wasn't the least bit titillating even to the son old fact like maybe because he was so pasty He was like a ghost of Matt Damon So if you really want that information Yes, he has a penis there are sights of a That's right. I forgot about that. Maybe somebody can give us the information about which are the websites with the large penis people in Hollywood I don't know why it's just interesting like you know chat to chat Sure coffee table conversation He's got the biggest feet right Tom well in size 14 He's I'm telling you he's disappointing there. Keep your clothes on Tom that seem where he was in the swimming thing He was in the bathing suit last season He's got like a scrawny body for a kid that big and he's got like a little tiny just nipples He doesn't even have like any nothing. It's a lot's you got like nipple s which are like next to raisinets Like Vanne white and I don't care what anybody says she's got raisinets There are people saying oh you're wrong about vanne she's got a big giant hooters Maybe in a closet somewhere maybe she keeps forgetting to strap him on they're not big us or them. They're just not even you saw him She's got naked pictures of her out She wasn't pleased. What do you mean she's got naked pictures of her or naked pictures of her out vanne white vanne How do you know there real breast? Maybe there's stunt breasts? Huh her earlier days Don't you remember Ron's here me talking about stunt penises in the porn movies? Oh brother this somebody's vaccine me an article at 600 pages long. Wow wow wow wow just relax, okay? All kinds of stuff coming in but here From our good close personal friend Dave who's Jeff Heiz neighbor. I know it's him because it says the name where he works up in top of which he is want me to say it's called Anyway, he's got another great pool The ugliest celebrity's passed in prison and he's already got a whole bunch of mon here What a great idea all convenient. You could just tax that maybe we could just do a pool every day all day on the show Just to piss off that guy and it started to show this one. Oh what a surprise How predictable another pool to start your show And you know he's listening right now. He's got his finger so far up in the back dome coming out his tonsils By the way sir, you're age you really ought to have your tonsils out. It's not good for it. I'll give me a celebrity's pass in prison. What are you Alan? Alice Cooper Venicio del Toro who the hell is that? He was in didn't you see traffic? Yeah, he was the Mexican cop the good guy Larry Drake actor L.A. Law See even not only has he got the names on here, but even after where he's got like That's the idea. I mean there ought to be a rule Bob Dylan Morty Feldman. It's pretty hard to be Marty Feldman. We talked about that a few months ago Remember Bob Dylan's got it. Five-oosh Finkel five-oosh Finkel actor from picket fences in Boston public five-oosh Finkel putting old fat people on there How can you do it if you're old old fat people? It says I'm really a celebrity's past in prison Maybe he was good looking in his youth Fiveish. Well we're talking about when they were celebrities See he still is That's what I'm saying he's a celebrity Michael Jackson Now see when he was younger he was not a weird growth man Once he started like doing those interchangeable body parts he became really gruesome and a Mick Jagger He's pretty ugly Yeah, well guess because you know hundred years old. Well, I'm sure you're a keel Or you're keel's not ugly Actor from James Bond movies Do you know who that is? Yeah, jaws the big giant guy Oh, I'm taking this somebody out. Yeah, he's pretty ugly I'm thinking of there must be another what what's it? How Howard keel I'm thinking of who? The way before your tongue. Larry King. How do you like that? He almost just did us. Wayne Knight actor Newman on sign fell. I watch that show. I was the one to watch his show He's just fatty Martin Land out Martin Land out was not ugly I mean he's not good looking but he's not an ugly He's just exactly very well put he's just a guy and Barbara Baines. He's just a gal And never the twain show me what they were good together. Another divorce had a big split up And nasty hostile just like the way they let the show fish n impossible. Remember that? They demanded big pay increases and the whole day of big solid it in and of course they were married back then Not all but not a good idea that hire husband and wife teams. Not a good idea It's like the leaves with the brother and laws, you know Shane Corson and the Darcy Tucker Brother and all not a good idea that and Shane Corson and we were doing better before you came back We liked to better when you were injured. What? What is he battling about Mr. hockey? He didn't know that had the microphone up. What? What is he battling about? He took the pole right off of Mr. Paul and the internet. So Jeff Heis neighbor is a plagiarist That's okay. He did the work. What do you want to knock everybody for you? You're such a prick, you know? This is not going to him. I thought you're the one. It just said that you I was using a set that Jeff Heis neighbor is a plagiarist Didn't he say that? Yeah, but you're the one. He said he don't know from Jeff Heis freaking neighbor. Okay, you're the one that you got to say these are plagiarists. And he is a plagiarist. That's what Carlos was saying. Yeah, I was passing it along. He doesn't even know his neighbor. Wayne Knight actor Newman on Sonfield. Do you know who that is? Yeah, he's a right guy. No, he's just that. Martin Lano. Getty Lee. Rock star from Rush. There can 80 of those. John Leguizog. Who's that? Just another guy. Peter John Lovitz. Well, how about John Levitt? Uh-huh. He's ugly. Merlin Manson Tom Petty Prince Todd Rungren. Gene Simmons, Joey Slotnik from Boston Public Howard Spurmer. Karratop, Pete Towngeon. Oh, I'll pick up Pete Towngeon now, all times. He was just doing research. Stephen Tyler. Uh-huh. Yeah. Well, he's got a mouth of size around my Rushmore now. He's starting to like his faces falling apart. When he was younger, he looked pretty good. He would have been a big mouth. Even you to agree with that. I'll take your word for it. What? Stephen Tyler? He always looked like a freak to me. With that mouth. Hey, Carlos, when you want to start producing the show. Alex Van Hielen, Irbe Villashaze. And put another pick at our midgets. Next he's going to say Timmy from Passion's Rest in Peace. Irbe Villashaze. He's also dead. Yes. Let's take a poll on your favorite dead midget. Okay. Now it's kind of like a report. It's kind of limited. How about Johnny Paleo from the harmonic cats? No, you don't remember that. Yeah. He used to blow in a harmonica or something. Ron Wood from the Rolling Stones. Ozzy Osborn. Yes, you're air fart. Tiny Tim. George Jones. Rick Ocasek from the cars. Okay, sir. Oh, it's speaking of the cars we left off. Which one died from the cars? Benjamin Orr. Right. Very good. And Iggy Pop. Definitely. We left off a lot of very important people. They have to engage George once through a poll. He'd like to come personally to your home and a poll. I was leaving off E.N. Curtis from Joy Division. You know, E.N. Curtis? No. You know, Michael Hutchins from in excess. We talked about him. We might say name. Enjoy Ramon. Stuart Adamsson from Big Country. And the Big Hit Big Country. See, we're a little bit too many repetitions for me. Yeah. Big Country sings Big Country. What am I smelling here? My soup. Oh, stinks. And Ben Orr from the cars. See, I told you there was somebody from the cars on here. We got a tremendous response on there. I think yesterday from that. And look at a response we're getting today, man. It's going to blow all these other polls right out of the water, Eric. 438 votes. Shocking. That's just over an hour. President Bush's popularity rating is lower than any time since 9.11. It's not a 58% which is still out of bed. Number, how do you rate his overall job so far? Total disaster 200. Week 85 outstanding 82. Fair 32 and good 31. So the reading negative categories. You got 66.2 and about 70%. Not too great, huh? This isn't exactly what you call your Bush-looking crowd yours. My life and love all this is 4256. You weigh 2.5. Thank you in the butt, honey. Welcome back to the particular model of the MO. How would it be to the show? Now, where we got here. Hey, my God. If you see I'm trying to think. I just want to tell you, you leave it over my lap again. I like to let you smoke a bunch of drugs. It's a problem with you. No, I'm white. Oh, I split my bag here. Get there a lot of my way. Where are my supposed to go? To help you squeak a little bit. Hey, I don't think I got some easy boys. You don't know. I think you need your balls examined. My balls! That's right. Now drop your pants so I can examine them. No! You're the one I like in this business again. Yeah. And all pretty my command. Okay. Oh, that's the good of the Oscar Maya truck. Yeah. Jesus, look at it. Let me go. I flash light over here. Where's your ball? Did it? Your pack and a python in your pants and no balls. You get balls directly. Oh, yeah. Let's see what happens when I swear my foot down on your feet. Oh, yeah. That hurt, ma'am. Hey, your voice. You sound kind of the normal. Yes, quite right. It's a far, far better way to sound. I don't believe this. Hey, let me see if I can get a hole. I'll say something. Ball off the bone, baby back ribs. See that? Your balls dropped. Really good. You're still the rockies. You're like that. Thanks, ma'am. Yeah. You're like that. But it's even that happens when I put a pack on. I'm putting a pack on the sea. So I'll be the face when you get a bit of a voice to me. Hey, hey, hey. What are you talking about? This thing's right for me. Like a cobra. I'm a cobra. I'm a cobra. I'm a cobra. I'm a cobra. I'm a cobra. I'm a cobra. I'm a cobra. See, there's a first guy that I'll be in the list of a gigantic penis's celebrities's guilty. I knew like that. We got one right here in the building. That's the room right here. I wouldn't be surprising a maternity was just a big lie. Just a big. She wouldn't have lied to me. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and no tell Doreenet should be chasing him all over the building. Here's Haley, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You started the morning with a plow? Yeah, right. What? I wish everything was done morning with a plow. Anyway, I never said hello. He gave him. I haven't called you in a long time. I just called him or he is on. But we need to help. Yeah. Anyway, just one of us to catch that load of bread and chuck. No. See, this is great. He hasn't called me a long time to see him anything to say. No, he's nothing to say. Just sucking around. Can we care about Fred and Jane? No. Jane, I speak to the Jane. Jane in the forlaterative when a regular listener's in chronic facts. She says, like how we had managed on for background noise yesterday. I actually heard something amusing. Was talking about cordel and cordel. Jane, steward, a quarterback of my kid, Farron, he said, I can see him at the bus station buying tickets for Titsburg. Well, that's kind of cute. See, it's a sports show, so that you can say that. If we say tickets for Titsburg, right away, everybody's going to have a nervous breakdown. Notice how I'll present a guy who never saw combat as somebody to send other people's kids into harm's way. He's not alone. Only one guy in Congress has a kid who's listed the military. There are going to be peace demonstrations this weekend in DC in other major cities, but be sure. Be sure not to see him on the corporate media. See spammy coverage. Oh, speaking of that. Speaking of cover ups. Whoever sent me this OSR Frank Glenn and I will make it up for yesterday's Intempo to the facts. Good one. From MSNBC no less. Did ABC censor crowds disapproval of George Bush. George Herbert Walker. This is the former president and father of the current president. Delivered a tape message at the American Music Awards Monday night and the sources who were there tell the scoop that the crowd booed him. When the band Alabama received the award of merit, the other Bush's face appeared on the screen. A very proud of he part of the night's tribute honoring one of the most highly successful bands Country Music's ever known, said the former president, but his image was met with a loud course of booze. A loud voice. Baka. One source is Randy on the lead singer for the band was pretty shaken by the crowd's reaction. The booze from the crowd, however, were not audible in the broadcast. Late leading some to believe they were deleted by the censors. How do you like that? Told you. This Bush we got in there now. They're censoring everything. To be honest, I can't tell you a spokesman for ABC told the scooper referred to the question to his A spokesman for the production company. I don't know when I can't tell you said a spokesman for the production company refer to the fact that we see. How do you like that? They're not talking. In other words, yeah. In other words, it's true. They don't even deny it. They just can't tell us because they're a fear of telling us. They're a fear that the USA Patriot Act is going to put them in jail for 100 years Nobody over seem again. Look at that pool. Man, this response today is enough to just send you off the face of the map 459 votes. It's the polls only been up there in our 20 minutes. That's more votes than your polls getting what? Six months? All summer? 459 votes? Most of the stop to instair roads you idiot. That's just, this is, this is, his head looks like it's going to like pop right off his neck any minute. I want to be here with that. Well, when that happens, what is head pops off? 459 votes. He's a total disaster. 213rd teen week, 90. Outstanding 85. And you know something? What do I always say? What percent do I always say? Do we get from the bushlookers? 18 percent. What is outstanding? 85, 18 and a half percent. Fair. 38. Good. 33. So a disaster or week. We got a total of 60. 6 percent. 66. 6 percent. Maybe he's the anti-Christ. Do you ever think about that? He qualifies. Not smart enough. So the Sun Sentinel says, Miriam elephant time for her to step down. Editor, I lead Editor on the Sun Sentinel today. Which I got right here in my hand now. Don't forget to go to thearages.com. Not sure to vote on her pool. We got some very important bedtime stories on there for you. And since I'm not sitting here wasting everybody's time reading him on the air, odd nauseam, hours and hours of the time, you better go on there and check it out because Carlisves works feverishly to get all those on the river today. And even Eric's got a couple of cute lines that he must be in a good mood. He must have had four meals or 8's not even loving a clock. He's in a great mood. You know how Eric puts some good stuff on there? Some humor stuff? About the first example. How predictable? Another pool. What a perfect, perfect first call today. That defines this town perfectly. That guy, if we could just get a photo of him, he'd be the postage up for South Florida. Sour. Baaaaa! Like that. Just unleashing his hostility toward the entire world. And since nobody else in the world can hear him, he's talking to us. That's what we're here for, right? We're like an outlet for these assholes. That nobody else will even talk to. It says, Miriam elephants fall from Gratian service and objectless in propositions. Don't run for a job you don't know how to do. That's really where olifans problems begin. As Broward County supervisor of elections, she was an over-orhead from the outset. Then there were the unusual demands placed under office by legislative and congressional redistricting, and a whole new method of voting which might have caused some problems even for a more capable hand. In all of the ends case it added up to a disaster waiting to happen. Sure enough, it happened. Now the county and its city's must figure way out of the chaos olifides created, and they must do so in time for the municipal elections that are only weeks away. It's not easy. One city already is postponed, its vote others are discussing that option, although the legal ramifications are unclear. It may still be possible to salvage elections but not with olifan at the helm. The time has come for her to go. Time may be too short for things to improve much in time for these elections, but one thing is fairly certain if olifan remains things will only get worse. Her office continues to hemorrhage. Confidence in a leadership is eroding by the hour. She's lost election administrator Joe Carter who is on after she fired intergovernmental affairs liaison Bob Cantrell over Cottors of Jacket. She's lost to returning in her office manager, her computer technician is now in charge of election planning. What a mess. It's embarrassing and humiliating not only for olifan personally, but for the county and state as well she must go and go now. The best course of action would be for olifan to resign, some local leaders have heard sure to do so. The leaders are for modern-day olmergeum, the alcohol and old friend, Davy Mayor Harry Venus, not Harry Venus. And can you remember Harry Venus? And County Commissioner Jim Scott. It's an olifan's own interest to take their advice on the spirit which it presumably was intended as a way for her to exit with some of her dignity intact rather than have to be removed from her orifice. If olifan refuses to go gracefully govern her bushy step in his suspender, it may not be politically advantageous for him, but he must rise above his politics and do his duty. The electoral process is too important to much an integral component of democracy to leave it in the hands of someone who can't do the job. There's no pleasure in any of this, not in seeing olifan squirm, not in seeing the hand-winging in the cities, and certainly not in seeing elections fall apart. But further deterioration seems inevitable and it's completely unacceptable. Olifan must go. Absolutely correct. Leave it a tour on a sunset, Lv. Better late than ever. Better play that supreme song, you just keep me hanging on. I mean, come on already, Miriam, time to say bye-bye. No hard feelings, just go. 6,000 votes on the poll to present a tune to it. They're not going to be too happy about this one. This was George's idea by the way, this poll. 20, just cover my ass. 20, before 11 at 5, 60, W to Q, I am. Oh, I guess what we got. And I can't find it anywhere. What? Balance for life. I think I lost the copy. Oh, you ought to have it memorized. Do you think it's in here somewhere? Well, I don't have the phone number memorized. Do you think it might be in my pile somewhere? I saw it only now. That was the key. Maybe I lost it because what's his name was in here. Troy. Maybe it's something personal with Troy. Oh, here it is right here. Well, it's just our Troy strapper. It is getting to be a real pain in the NC. It used to be a great guy. Not a good guy, but a great guy. We like to have a lot now. Now it's hanging around with these assholes. We got in the sales department much too long. And now he's becoming one of them. You know, it's rubbing off. That's why he's growing a little gangster beard and a whole deal. He's just not, what? He's not the same guy anymore. I don't think it's him. You saw a small village last night. Right? Oh, I think it's Tina. A shapeshifter. Tina is doing Troy. He sits not bad. Now she doesn't want him. She wants to screw in. Anyway, the holidays are over. No more excuses for losing weight on you. Tubby's out there. All you've had people. In fact, I saw my new cardiologist yesterday said, if I lost 25 pounds, I would have just like Brad Pitt. He said, I would be in great shape. Seriously. Well, like an old Brad Pitt. And with a lot of loose kids. Maybe I misunderstood. Maybe I looked like the pits. Maybe that was it. Anyway, if you're overweight, everybody in their brother wants to put it up pills. And that stuff you supposed to drink over the weekend was 80 pounds before Monday. Forget about that stuff. It doesn't do the job. It's full of crap. Balance for life will help you lose that way. Just like the beast. Now we're going to be seeing him again because beast is the new guinea pig. We're just a pig part so far. But he's lost 60 pounds. It may be even more now because he's getting the food again. Right? And I will say this in my hand of the sky up on my hand right on the Moses's ass. The fact of the matter is that the food this time is sensational. I had shrimp, uh, Sampy with a little bit of green, uh, Fettuccine and veggies last night for dinner with sensational. Everything is fresh and delicious. They don't bring any frozen crap. Another prefabricated garbage and little boxes. All the food is in like containers. You pop in your microwave. And like I said, three gourmet meals, two snacks. And I have to keep you full for the entire day. And they deliver it right to your door to your home or office. Where everyone by six o'clock every morning. So they take all the guests work out a loose and wait. You don't have to count carbs. You don't have to count calories. You don't even have to do any shopping. Just sit there and wait for them to show up at your little black sack. And all the stuff that you pick. You choose between two choices for each meal every day that's run a program. So if you really want to lose weight the quick and delicious way in the safe way, here's the answer for you. Balance for life. And do all the work. Call 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29. I guarantee you know, Time at all. You'll even look better than the beast. 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 or check them out. There must be just as website. If you like it, balance for life. 5 5 5 5 6 5 6 3 is on yours. I'm not you, man. That's too sad so. Look in graduation, get a life. This is where I work. There is never a dull moment at Walmart. Sometimes we head over to the GUNZATCH in grab of lots and out, millimetres and litter rips. It's more than a story. It's a fun place to be. We lots to eat at the little cafeteria because they clean up my bed. He's vomit flashed through that anymore. We never know what to go find at Walmart. We just came in for the fun. Last week, a bunch of them liberal idiots had a protest out front, but only took two warning shots. Scaramage! You're like my morning routine. You can speak all the in wake up at Walmart. It's a 1047 and 560 Georgia's very upset because the came marks are closing down left and right, including one up by me is our close. Why would I be? Because came art is the competition to Walmart, which you ate like poison. You're not even like Target. Oh. That would be an excellent pull question. Which store did the trailer trash prefer the most? Walmart or came art? Well, but on the heels of the planet. Is that what it is? Yes. Now what kind of people eat at the cafeteria at Walmart? People with really good days. So yes. Oh, and I'm wrong. I said I had to be formed the Jeff Heiz neighbor wrong. Now he's vaccine me profusely. I almost, we don't want anymore. Okay. And if you send me anymore, I'm going to give you your vaccine number out on the ear. And also the place where you work. See, you can't control these people. And the point you always make is right on target man. What kind of a life? Look at look at this. David. Jeff Heiz neighbor. All I do is just say he sent me the one that I was finally with two pages. Now he's speaking out all of these quotes from people. I don't want this crap you idiot. Jesus, give it a rest. Go have a few lunches with Jeff Heiz. Who, by the way, is no longer the post of child for a balance for life. We've been back to the beast because Jeff Heiz, a-it's a lost cause. You know, we're just counting the days. Gorgeous. We wish him the best, but I have a feeling he's like the Buffalo Sabers franchise, you know? Just a matter of time. Like cable. Right. Like kick game art. I won't great thing about the game art by me, which is no longer open. But the one good thing is if I need to like- He pains socks. No, and I wouldn't buy underwear in there, but like socks or like, you know, whatever. What was that? I bought that Martha Stewart-Tath Batman. I'm sorry Martha. But because there was nobody's to hate. There was nobody in there, but even though there was nobody in there, always backpired because if there were like four other customers, they were all in line in front of you. And there was only one cash register open. Now the one good thing that they did have that I'm going to miss is that self-checkout thing, which nobody seems to be able to figure out, but it's quick and easy. I got a great pool. Yeah. Did we do this before? No. Which changed story department store? That's the long-term business, do you miss the most? Jordan Marsh? That's my vote. There's there's Moorven's, Jay Byron's. Right. Oh, there's so many. Sure. Wow. Yeah. Maybe we'll do that tomorrow. Okay, Mark. Come and soon. They'd close in three more down. And of course that's bad because a lot of people can lose their jobs, but that will take you to work at Kmart. Go flip burgers somewhere, okay? What kind of people work at Kmart? What kind of people shop at Walmart? And look how successful Walmart is. What does that tell you again about America? Wall to Wall? That's where the wall comes in. Wall to Wall Trader Trash. Keep cheap crap. Are you picking on my Chinese friends again? There's something on your Twitter. That was yours. It said that. I love the Chinese people. You hate them for some reason. I tried to reach it over to an animal coast. And if you ever come there, he's going to pee in your soup. Right, oh, horn. That's exactly what he said. St. Bernard Far. I'm good friend, Richard from Toronto. What other stores have I got a business chains? Jordan Marsh is just shocking to me. That was a dang good. You know what it was? It was like between bird ions and JC pennies. It was more upscale merchandise than pennies. And it was cheaper than bird ions, which is a rip off. Oh, God. Exactly. Now, dillards I like, which I always tell you that, but there's never anybody in there. So they're probably going to go down the tubes. Every store that I like. That's it. That was back in May's when I had like eight million credit cards. Jefferson's. Oh, then I mentioned that. No. Jefferson's, which was also, uh, Montgomery Awards, right? Words, letters and slash. Here's our another facts from Greg. Wait till you're this one. This one ties right in with our problem that we have with David Jeff, He's friend who won't stop at a crap that I don't want. We give you a little bit of, we try to pat you on a fact. David, say, you're not so bad after all. You're redeem yourself. That's it. But now he's spewing. Oh, he likes me. He like any, you know, I didn't say we like you. I said we're trying to, huh? I bowed call to report that he works out of his house. So that's why he has all the time in the world. But we have the name of his business right here. Well, that must be it. I see. And the last part of it is support group and anybody in one of these is support group. It's David. And you're a good one to be picking on our fat friend Jeff. Okay. Just because he's only days away from the box. Let's take up a collection out here. We're going to send Moses out on the street corner. Give him a few bucks so we can take a collection for a piano case. For fat boy. Didn't I think I'm going to bury him in like a regular box? My fat friend who died, who was like 500 plus, they had to build a special container for him out of particle board. How do you like that? He slapped it together really quickly. If I were a carpenter, if I'd Bobby Daren, didn't he sing that? I know Peter Paul and Mary did that by the way. Bobby Daren recorded that too. I'm pretty sure he did. Ask him off. He'll tell you. Anyway, here's Greg's facts today. And this is pathetic. And he would admit his pathetic. He admits that he's pathetic. You see how I wear them down eventually? Daren Neal. I'm not so sure it's a good idea to keep sending you facts. After all these years, I never fully realized what it was like to be on the wrong end of dealing with a pain in the ass. Or as you call it a chronic. It's been over a year since I've heard from my friend Andy. Then about two weeks ago, I picked up the phone and there he was. I don't think he can handle the fact that he hears my facts on the year. But yet you won't give him the time of day whether on the year by facts. Therefore he's trying his hardest to get me to facts to you for him. I absolutely refuse. Nice going, Greg. But I think he's ready to explode even over the deep end. I point his end of a fully realized what it was like to be bothered even harassed on a full-time basis. Over and over until there's nothing left to do with supply your brains out. The bottom line is I'm not sure if it's worth facting you, David and combination, with dealing with my own chronic. A chronic of a chronic of your show does that make sense. Please help three exclamation points. He's asking for help finally. That's a step at a right direction. PS. In order for you to be more comfortable in the Florida studio, George would like you to show up in your speedo. Greg. Who's doing so well till they got to that? What? He had to put a silly line on there trying to be a comedian. Not funny after all he's depressing stuff. He's admitting he's coming out of his chronic closet. He's admitting to be a chronic. And as far as his friend Andy, we don't know who that is. Rose auto stores, they're out of business. Somebody's fact that rose auto stores out of business. Rose auto parts. Okay. They were big. They were all over the place. They run federal highway in the Florida now. Not too far from Skyline chili. I got it out. Rose. Skyline chili is still there. That's an even better pool. Well, that's another pool. The places of business that have been around the longest. Of course, there's always Hall of Pontiac. No extra charge, Tom. Huh? They've been there 35 years. Skyline chili. That's been there since before I came here. Have you ever been to Skyline chili? No. You've been there? He's a big cutie. What? What? They've county people. What's that? Do we have such a thing? They even live there. Ah! Don't want to be easy to endure drugs. Man, oh man, you gotta be kidding me. They've never been to Skyline chili. I've been by it. Do you know what it is? Have you ever had chili mac? Yeah. There's a matter of fact the Starlight. You're gonna run by the Van Delle's Jimmy, really. Good chili mac. Who else? The Skyline Deli. Starlight. Starlight. Sorry. Skyline chili. He's been there for 5,000 years. I mean, you can go, I mean, when you've been here as long as I have, which is Daymany or 30 years now, 27. You can be driving around. Oh, yes. So it's so used to be there. The Hungarian Charter that Hungarian plays that used to be on a federal highway. Or whatever it is, this game. And then it was Rocky Graciani's. Sam couldn't confuse between the two poles. Everything between the ones that are no longer there. And the ones that have been there a hell of a long time. Remember the original McDonald's on Disgain Boulevard in Miami? Indeed. Gone. And I ate there. Did you really? I ate there two as a matter of fact. Well, we did our part. Don't play moss. And what's the a diner that's over there? Those are the ones that have been there. What's the more made diner that's right over there across the street? Was that on purpose? No. It's just, it's just, there's a cap to my pen just flew out of my hands across the room. Like a what watermelons. Maybe it was Carlos's magnetic personality in there. I doubt it though. Here's a call from Tamarack, hello. Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir. I'm throwing out from my trip to Rochester. Speaking of life. Sure, good timing, man. Oh, man. I tell you one thing I'll tell you though about Rochester kneel to people. What a contrast from their, their nice, their, yeah, we know. Sound here. They're so freaking hostile. And fans, you know, say what you want about Buffalo. But Buffalo at a football game. They didn't mean anything. And what do they do? They sold out. Buffalo blow his man. Yeah, but buffalo is a parent place. It's crap. But I mean, you know, you talk about, you know, what a fan is. And down here. Who is the chronic stadium? Oh, no. Yeah, you are. You got it. You got it. Yeah, you are. You got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. I always told you in years. But your voice is like, uh, very familiar. Here's a voice in my sleep. Where can you go in? I'm sorry. Here's that. That's okay. I know. I'm not. Um, yeah, getting back to the fans, you know, it's like down here. There are no fans. If you're winning, we're number one. Yeah, we know that. We know that the people out North are more friendly. And nicer and polite like in Toronto and Rochester and Buffalo blows. And at the down here. And what's the point? Uh, you know, hey, ugly, ugly celebrity. Yeah. Andre burn heart and down. Okay. Thank you. Now you made the call worthwhile. Thank you. All right. Dead singers. Yeah. Played almond. Yeah. Somebody fasted. We apologize for not putting on it. Thank you very much for your call. Thanks for making your call. 10. 5. 50. Who don't you recognize his voice? Yes. Who was that? One of them. What about them? What about them? Was one of them? We'll figure it out. We'll find like pop. Just like that thing popped off my pen. Everyone presented with an opportunity when you should have could have or what had done something but didn't do it. Like most of standing there up against the wall right now. Just winking at me. Yeah, he went to maybe fry saw that. What kind of crap is that, you know? There's nothing worse than a. Please. But anyway, if you passed up a great opportunity like I did right then. There's an incredible fanny main mortgage out there right now 3.45%. The rates available at calling financial group at 1.800 9 for 0.53 63. I'm not into like a muscle bound guys. Moses, sorry. Just found. If you were to compare a 7% rate with 3.45% you'd say 3500 dollars in the first year low and free 100,000 you owe. I don't know. Let's try it. 100,000 costs you only 447 bucks a month. Here's an opportunity that won't last long. It's a 40 year low. So if you're thinking about refinancing or buying a new home call financial group at this toll free number, they'll spend you how this works and get you a hell of a deal. Call 1-800 9 for 0.53 63. The process is simple and the call is absolutely free. There's no obligation. 1-800 9 for 0, L.E. and the financial group has been an equal housing winner of the 1,000 borrowers with a fanny main program. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are something to change if you wait too long. 5.34 APR call financial group today and get on the road to save and lot of cash. Call 1-800 9 for 0, L.E. and D. I'm going to the Poyo Paracan. Where both your eyes go looking. Right under my clothes is my biggest asset. Underneath my clothes there's a great big booty. Bigger than jails is my huge protruding and that is my nobody care. The night's singing show, bringing fun and pain. Underneath my clothes there's a great big mimey. When I'm trying to pay pause it's anything but I need somebody's own assets. The night's sing so, bringing fun and I sing so, bringing fun and pain. I love it. Let it out to it. 5.60 WQ and we got the mad dog in the studio. Hank is in the studio for the first time in months. That's for your clock to set. No, no, we got Chitko pants and pre-boots. Pants are in a brawns at the macarina 730. Be there, come on. Let's support our team. Even though they've had a rough ride. I'm sure a lot of you have had a rough ride. Anycalf at a hockey game from G.A. in Joann Marko overnight. That's the agenda. That's the schedule. I think we've got some good past. Don't let me forget about those. Good possibilities. Places that you missed the most. Restaurants, places of department stores, places that we used to love. Like Neals on Alt & Road. Long before your time. Yeah. You know, in Sonic was here for five minutes and then they left. The drive up. Was that any good? Yeah, because I went up north, well, up north to the south. And they had Sonic all over the place and they were phenomenal. Hmm. That's why it's the gone. Although we do have steak in check now. I want to apologize again for turning a lot of people under what. The milkshakes are great. The burgers here so far. Not too good. Not too well. I like falling apart. Or like, I don't know. What is the problem there? It's steak and quake. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. We got poles up the ass here today, man. So to speak. Places that have been here longest places that you missed that aren't here anymore. Stuff like that. All of these things that the common people out there can relate to. We don't have a bunch of rocket scientists out there. Certainly not once we've got time to speak to us. Or facts to us. Like a guy boys neighbor. 548 votes can add possibly be true. And then some of our even for real. President pushes overall job so far. We're asking you about today. He's a total disaster 254.46.3. He's weak. His job performance is weak. Like El Martino's voice. 107. So you put those two together already got like 66%. For close to it. Outstanding 98. 17.8%. Fair. 45.2%. And good just 44.8%. So let's say hardly negative response we got on L. President. They on W. who's getting really impatient and sick and tired. A waiting for the inspectors and saw them to get off his ass. He wants a action. He's salivating for some action. Kill some people. I think that maybe Mo had his dumb on it. I think that's exactly what he was talking about yesterday. He's getting impatient. What a president wants most in this new year. In fact, he should have made a new year's speech during 2003. Let's kill some people. Yeah. Anyway, here's a picture of Josh Cron. Have you ever seen Josh Cron in the building? I have any of their Georgian cyst that he would have were empowered on the hall. You know that crap they played on the hall. But you have seen him. Not that I want to see him. Of course he's Luke Cron. Sunson probably stays away from me. Luke Cron the former general manager of WNWS. I was going to say my former mentor. But in his case, he'll be tormentor. Who used to sit in his office in the dark smoking a pipe. I knew people like that. Yeah. That would sit in the dark. I was serious. So my very strange guy. But anyway, I'm sure Josh is not a strange guy. And he's going to be on the vascular ret. And the good news for America is there. I just checked TV guy. There are 622 shows this week. The bachelor, the bachelor, the ret, you'll millionaire, you'll billionaire, Joe, the slipper, the blind date, not blind date, the first date, last date, dead date, ugly date. Yeah. Figs and dates. We got 4500 of those shows this week. Just because there's greater originality in TV. First it was the quiz shows. We just started out with that millionaire thing. And the tourney they were going to kill it. And the first I thought it was a bad show was it was. It was an awful show. The trusses. And then they put it on 15 nights a week. People got a little bit tired of that. They even started turning on their buddy readjust. And we had Chuck Swillery with greed. See, the whole idea is to exploit people's bad nature. Not good thing. What's Carl? What's freaky Carl? What do you open the door for? What does he want? What is he want? Susan Lucci is coming back with readjust. He wants to tell you. Yeah. And singing her Broadway tunes in West Palm. What do you mean she's coming back with readjust? What does that mean? I thought you might coming back here. I can't believe it. No, it's a West Palm, I guess. Who cares? Hey freaky Carl, what are we doing? Are you sure you're going to hear you silly queen? We don't give a crap about goddamn Susan Lucci. You fag? What's wrong with you, man? Seriously, that bugs me. Professional faggots. I just buzz the crap out of me. How couty couty it's Susan Lucci. Who cares? Nobody cares about Susan Lucci or Tammy Faye. Or Joan Crawford or Lies of Anelli. God, almighty. Go watch my fairy lady or whatever you want to watch. Get out of my face, Carl. I'll show you idiot. Not you. I mean freaky Carl, you too. Anyway, so freaky. He is freaky, but compared to the other one, he's like a Joe Vanilla. All right, that's on Tuesday, eight, Joe Vanilla. Right after Joe Vanilla in here. I mean, what's wrong with you people out there? I mean, how much of the sameness over and over with the same concept? Oh, it's a hit show. Let's make 50 shows like they've been doing that forever. They do it with the movie. Say do it with everything. Oh, yeah, buddy cop shows sci-fi shows, explosion, special effects shows in the antigenes and the pillar of your ass. All the crap. All the same. If somebody gets a hit to do something or right away, everybody in their brothers doing the same damn thing. Be a region like George, you know, boring, but, but at least different. We'll say that for at least when you do the show, it's different. Thanks. Right? Plus who else in America talks about eating ass beside George? No, what? Nobody else. Nobody even, well, Linda Samuels, it marrs the fact that you discuss eating ass. I think, I don't know. Well, she'll, she'll email. She emails every day because she let, you know that she doesn't have the show from start to finish every single, she doesn't miss a word. Doesn't miss a word. And you want to know why? Because she knows that if she wants to truth, this is where she comes. If she wants to hear a bull crap, she'll go produce her boyfriend mad, graduate show. Well, I thought it was because she was a fat gag. Suit versus Dicees gets go ahead. That is a good point. Case involves to hook her up with Alice around tell. Okay. She's probably getting worn out with the same self-hating fact. Kirka up with a new one. Hook her up with Alice. Hook her. Not that we have any Malice toward Alice, but suit versus Dicees gets go ahead. Case involves two pre-th. I mean, he really opened the door to tell us that Susan Luce is coming to West Palm. Who cares? You idiot? We're doing a show in here. And I'm sitting here thinking like something important school. And I'm living like dead here up the ass. And then I, what is it? Oh Susan Luce and Rieges are coming to West Palm. I mean, we like Rieges, but if he has to come with Susan Luce, he's screw him. And oh, maybe he's going to sing. Yeah. Probably sing her right into the ground. Susan Luce. Oh my God. In a case involving a Broward County priest, the judge is allowed the first sexual abuse lawsuit against the artisans who might be to go to trial. Even though the former altar boy who filed suit alleges the abuse happened three decades ago, they'd circuits judge Ronald Friedman rejected the Catholic Church's argument that the statute of limitations to sue ran out years ago, saying only that there were sufficient issues in the claim. Jose, a curious junior, now 45, plenty was sexually abused by two South Florida priest in the early 70s. And a lawsuit filed last May, curious alleged that Reverend Ricardo Castellano's 56, pastor of Sanacid Road Church in Palmetto Beach, sexually abused in between the ages of 14 and 16, at St. Kieran Church, Anlas Al High School in Miami, and during overnight trips to Disney World. Don't let your kids go on overnight trips anywhere with priest. Okay, you idiots. You crazy people? Courierous, also alleged, Reverend Alvaro Guisher, molested him at the church of a little flower and crowgables during the Sanford. Remember these stories that was from last year? Well, now it's, uh, now it's hit in the fan. Castellano's and Guisher, 62 now pastor of San Francisco, sales and Miami Beach, Denyde accusations. The arts dice is in place both priest Adam and a straightively well-o-church lay committee and officials review the allegations. And Anika, Anika, Anika, the whole thing. It's not our website, right? We got this on our news. It's on our news of the day. 31 year old makes reality TV. The show is first cut on the Bachelor rep. And this is John Josh Crowe, one of 50 remaining bachelor's competing on a bachelor rep, which debuted last week with high ratings. I think most of the people who are watching it were high, including Jeff High. But the bottom line is it says will the power 96 FM advertising executive make it through the next round which year is tonight 9pm. We don't know, but he'll be honored, night if we want to see what our FM sales staff looks like. What? Well, we'll say this for him. He don't look all that great, but compared to our AM sales staff, he looks fantastic. Man, oh man, I look at our picture of our sales staff and it made me look really good, especially since John penis left. Not that he was good looking, but he was like just a guy. He's the normal look. And right, like a guy who in an including, you know, our other people look very strange. In fact, little Todd Rick was in a before. I respect to pick up the cap for my pen that went, I almost stepped on him. Todd, Rick. Copy Todd. Copy. I'm going to do your spots. Copy. Baby. Seriously, you should have seen the look at his face when I said, copy. Look at me. What's that? What's that? Copy. I know I'm just being a pin in the ass again, Todd. How's the Colion man doing you idiot? From that, it's after 11 at 5.60 WQM. I'll tell you some people are doing great, and that's because more and more you folks are catching on dialometrist. That's right. Nothing will have a bigger impact than the way you feel every day than getting a good night's sleep. Anybody can tell you that. But if you don't have a good mattress, if your mattress is lumpy bumpy and warm out, then forget about it. You're going to feel like crap. Get you a great new name brand mattress. The sensible, the easiest way in the world by making one smart phone call. To our good close piezons at dialometrist, like George does, like I do, like Miguel did too. In fact, Miguel said he never got so much as an ass in his life since he started doing it. I'm that great new dialometrist. That's what he said. They carry the top brands in the neighborhood. Maybe you ought to think about that. Seeing sort of Simmons and King Coral every size and style. I'm thinking about it right now. I'd even like to watch. Dialometrist will have it there on time too. That's right. You picked it to our window when you're going to be home and it's convenient for you. They pride theirself on their 99% on time record, which is just one of a zillion reasons to either rank first for customers at a certain point. I don't know what your laugh at about because it happens to be true. I don't know. What does his girlfriend look like for the hot up? Anyway, so give you a great dialometrist and pretty soon you can sleep with your blow up dial or maybe the real thing. Call 1-800-MATRIES. That's 1-800-MATT-RES, redialometrist. The great way to start you and your back off for the new year with a great new name brand mattress at an unbeatable price from dialometrist. I can love this course when you'll find something new. You and I. Yo yo, let's rate, oh, three, yo big y'all. That's how we've passed the time away in the geo jello. Everybody loves peer factor and everybody loves blind date. Well now, there's a new reality show that combines the best of both worlds. Date factor with yo hoes, geo roguin. This is our first couple. Taylor and Tyler will start your date by hanging from the toenails over a pitful of poisonous snakes. Did you guys get in fun? Date factor where getting lucky means you might live to see the closing credits. It's nice going. Okay, now it's time to climb in the car. Oh, God are we going to the restaurant? Nope. We're going to suspend the car 100 feet in the air while you climb out the window and grab a flag off the luggage rack. Date factor. Don't miss today's exciting climax when Taylor and Tyler finally arrive at the restaurant for an intimate dinner. Okay, dude, and do it. Here's tonight's mouth watering on tray. Steamed rap pig, reiss in a light blood sauce. Yeah! Oh, come on. Date factor. As if blind dates weren't scary enough. Come on, sir. Come on, sir. Viver and not sir, Viver. What do you call it one not sir? I'm dead, dead people. Eight thousand of these shows, all the same crap because it's reality base. Not. Just a lot of board people out there. Let's face it. 1118 at 560 WQM. We got 584 votes on the pole presence. Not doing well. Total disaster 274, week 114, outstanding 117.2 percent. Good 48, fair 47. Not doing well on this crowd. 584 votes in 2 hours. I bet you at least be your four of those are like real votes too. But like Eric says, bring them on, man. Bring them on. Help subsidize our geoginda. Here's Miami, hello. Morning. Yes, sir. Are you doing today? Great. I heard you guys talking earlier about the new boards. The new boards? Yeah. Is that a group? Yeah, the new beats, remember the new beats? I remember the beat. Yeah. What about it, sir? I was wondering what you guys were talking about because it turned out the radio and just caught the end of it. Well, what do you mean, what aren't lost guys with top? What does that mean? Click. Click. Idiot. Total idiot. He had somebody turned out the radio for me. Just caught the total ass. Let's go. We took five six seven. Five six. Five six. Five six. On the AT&T. And Verizon. He just, he ought to go to a local that first guy. They called us morning round of the box. How predictable. Starting to show with another pool. And then we got this guy. Who wants it or what the new beats? He's a bread and butter by the new beats. In fact, because we got so much stuff in here, we got a purity on everything that's ever been done. Like, yeah. How do you like that, maples, huh? Don't put butter on your apples. I can't take too much butter. It shoots right out my ass. And for hand-havering up, blue mean to the can. Who are my dancing skills for a singing character? I'm most often seen down. I'm a school star. And I'm a free-laborer. And I get so much better. I can't take too much butter. I can't take it at all. I ask Verizon's from all less drug. And especially, Sorbit Call. I'm a teacher at Miami-Cricketsaw. I'm a free-laborer at Miami-Cricketsaw. I can't take too much butter. It goes through me too fast. Every time I eat it, I have two chains by hands. I can't take too much. So thank you very much for calling me because we never would have played that otherwise. So thank you for whatever you were babbling about. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I like that bit. That's one of my favorites, but I never think to play it. So we thank him for being up the new beats. And then it was always the easy beats in Friday on my mind. I have Friday. He was a big fan of Dragonhead, Joe Friday, and Harry Morgan, and Jack Webb, and Frank Alexander. What a memory man. For me, it was crap. Well, that's old stuff. Let's talk about news stuff like two pack and notorious BIG. Talk about that crap. Here's Sunny Isles. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Okay. Two things man. I don't know. I don't know. Looking at these commercials that they're playing on TV. There's one of a kid there and they're smoking weed and he has a gun. And then he actually definitely shoots the other kid. And then it says, Mayor One, our harmless. Mayor. Have you seen those come right? Yes, I have. Of course the gun isn't hard. Let's see. We know that. So it must be the mayor of one of the dangerous things in this spot. Yeah. And look at that. And I'm like, I can't believe it. I never get like that. Grace is called George. We got another one of those pops. Well, because you're going to come. Hey, one more. Actually George wants to say something. I'm going. I'll buy it from you. I'll buy it. George wants to buy them from you. Oh. I got up in the cell. I'll buy it from him. Okay. This is one more thing. It's JC Mursex, right? Who? Jake. Oh, that's all one of the sports shows. I'm not going to use this show, which is not a sports show to start ripping poor J feedler and that's okay. And then we get these idiots calling. Oh, what are just picking on him because he's Jewish. They're not picking him on him because he's Jewish or ugly and has big ears. Who cares about that? I mean, it's nice when your quarterback is a great looking stud like Tom Brady. We can't all look like that. You know? But there's a good pun. They're the quarterback. The worst they play like art like manning. Sandy Peyton Manning. I mean, he really blows. I'm going to talk about overrated. And the people on this radio station who pretend they know something about sports, I see more NFL games because every single one of them who's on the ear here is watching one game. Hank is a side ESPN. They said it in one game every week. The mad dog is doing it off in game. I'm sitting there at home with my NFL package. I see parts of all the games, at least if they're interesting. You know? I see parts of Tom Brady too, but I can't tell you which parts. But, you know, so what? What these people know? Oh, pay our patent manning. He stinks. You're looking at a space and you see like, I start thinking about the president when I see him. Yeah. I start thinking about Fredo from the godfather. 560, 560, pomba, drew blood. So he don't look too bad. I'm not great. I mean, like, you know, he's like a human and he's not that bad. He's a statue. But he's not all that bad. Look at the really. And then see the problem with Chad Pennington is he was doing okay to we so that he looked like with a helmet off. We saw those big ears pop out and all of a sudden. I thought they'd join out. That came the other day, right? Soon as you let those ears pop out. Shoulda kept the helmet on Chad. And then who the hell was talking about it? Wasn't a hanging Chad problem? Was that on a pregame show the other day? A hanging Chad? I think it was Neon D on doing his pimple team on CBS before the game. Oh, the hanging Chad isn't the dummy here. So Chad Pennington. I, I still believe he's got to be driving a big yellow civil. Deon, which is it? He ain't driving a big $50,000 or humvey like that kid. And then, well, why are they all screaming about that on this station? Is that their business? Is that their business? I think they're going to talk about it. I think they're not going to have nothing to do with it. Nothing else going on right now. You're a good point. See, George is a sports expert. The one thing he knows, nothing else going on. Except, of course, the Panthers are playing at Bruins tonight. I'd like to hear a mole critique that came tomorrow morning. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, I was missing the rest on the bumper. The bumper Dicks on US one and South Miami. How about all the bumper? Yeah, that was an especially good one, you're right. It was in the turn into a similar. Oh, and it stopped ever going back. Good for you. And you know what else used to be on down, I don't know if it is because I don't go. Black Angus is that out of business? Yes. Yeah. The black E.N.S. Thanks for our excellent suggestions. See, they liked that. That's the kind of stuff. We'll get a lot of calls when we do that. Like maybe they were good. Black Angus. They were? Yeah. What was the one we used to go in and with the sizzler? With the sticks, the little stakes and the girl there, y'all. Garlandy. Yeah. That was sizzler. For what, you know, if you didn't want to go out like to someplace fancy, if you just wanted to lunch and pick out like if you were really, really high. And there was dust mortgess board there right over an hour old neck of the woods there. Sterling wood and that's sterling. Tom and pines. And that chopping plaza was duff smorgas, but I think was a chain. That's when I always tell you that you could gum the food. Everything tasted the same. The lasagna tasted like the roast beef and a spaghetti taste like a potato. You could gum it. Think of the demographic in Pembroke lakes and Pembroke pines. Death plus death plus 10. See, this isn't a place for young people, so it's an end of the thing we don't have any here. Because it just ain't. I mean, we got like a smattering, you know, one here, one over there. And the old farts aren't too happy about it. Five, six, seven, a fact when they brought Brian Sears in the drive in Tompano Park, they said, We don't like that. He's too young. 34 is not like a kid at too young. We're like old guys. Bring back Tommy Winn. Bring back Levi-Harner. Bring back Satch Warner. All the old guys, all the autococcus we like that. The old guys, it like fall out of the bucket. They have my opul. Elmer Conrad. Harold Snogress. 26 past 11 at 5.60 WCU AM on our great Wednesday man. We got that big noon to one hour coming up. We got 50 million votes on the pool. What's not to like? The price is right. I'll tell you that right now for this show. Free entertainment in a very, very boring place. Even my new cardiologist yesterday, he said that he's in a car a lot of every day. So we listen to the show. He's a big fan of the show. And he asked me why I said, I want to talk radio because it's an LLU on talk that one radio question. It was about Randy Rhodes about. And he asked, does she really take yourself that seriously? And I said, I guess so. I don't really know. But pretty sad in a George. Back from those days when she was like the goddess and she was fun in games and telling the management there and I would do to stick it up there. That was different. Different Randy right. But now she's here saved the world from itself. She wants to be a female rush on the other side. Just like whatever. Maybe she'd like a line of two on. Maybe she'd rather go to smallville. She could fight with our team as Ghana since she fell on its spike. Huh? She was a pale. She got spiked at the end of the show. Maybe next week, Tom Orleans here will be spiked. Twenty seven past eleven at five sixty W. How tell you what? He looks really good with this clothes on. I'll say that. Just keep your clothes on Tom. Another year's gone by and a lot of you folks out there are still underpaid and stuck in a really crappy job. If your new year's resolution is to change your life and get out of that dead end job and get a new high paying career. Call our friends at fast train because they'll help you do it. Call one eight six six fast train. If you enroll now, you can be certified on the way to a new high paying job by April. You heard me right. If you didn't commit three nights a week, fast train can have you certified as a computer professional. Make it a big fat paycheck every week by April. So call fast train right now and get out of your dead end rough. Call one eight six six fast train. Fast train offers job placement easy financing data and we can classes and they have four convenient locations all over Tom freeer. They're in Miami, Kendall, Pemper Pies and Fort Lauderdale. Just one easy call. You'll be on your way to a bread to excite and career call them right now. Tull free. There's no obligation. They'll spate you what it's all about. Call one eight six six fast train or check them out on the web at fast train dot com. Fly and local. We're sports radio five sixty two a. You a. Count. You. Do. Do. Do. Do. Miami. How it. And I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm.oden. I'm. I'm. I'm. Oh. I can't afford to be. The reason I dismiss that stick at fan-fast that it's because he wouldn't shut up and he can't play Kinesk. I'm somebody talking over there. Nobody talked when I ran. I wrapped a new talk. Like, look at me. I'm hit hit. I ain't nowhere. I'm a thing done, buddy man. I'm really dead. I ain't by the ready what I want. I don't care. But believe they make me flip my wig later. Svelly green hair. I got fired myself and even happens to the greens. Once one said you'll get out of here, we break your legs. So now I sit by the pool, life's as good as it gets. With my paladin come down, placing bets on the gins. And paradise. paradise. I don't kiss somebody's hands and paradise. I'll be sure that none of the screw gets when I get the gins. But the cleaners aren't ready with my line-green pants. I won't hesitate. I'll be calling them, like, it was just a little thought. So when I left this day. I guess I can touch money when I know the sandwich buddy. I can do what I want. But the management loves me. If somebody is something moose, something you ought to know. But alone is time I want to give to me my own. Oh, who am I to tell? Now I have to be a pal, though. Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? So Spagga and a scoogans guess what's it across from pop at a park that I just noticed? Must be brand new. Scoogans? Yeah, good guess. And of course it's up there by pop mare and win more. Spagga and a people with bad hairpaces guess who this is written by it. It wasn't written to us, but it's a copy of it. Steve Ziggler. Ah, our good old engineering buddy from IOD. Oh, I don't know. Don't you remember he actually worked for Paxon for a while to over at IOD? Did he come in and do some stuff? Or my dreamy. I don't recall. Yes, he did. I don't remember him yet I've been there. Yeah, because they were building those studios. They need like a strange old. That's why we recommended partly our good friend Steven. He brought in that big screwdriver. He always used to care. Nobody asked with Steve Ziggler because he had a screwdriver to size a Vermont. But anyway, it's about to mark. It sent to Barbara Winnery and the for injury family and the point being that there's going to be a McWinnery website. It said it's ready for public showing. So I guess when he gets the I'm just mentioning that so that McWinnery people will be able to look. I don't know what the website is, but I'm sure we'll find out. And then we'll link it. And then we can link it. I guess. Here's the fact that says there's a hot dog stand on biscuit in about 73rd name dogma. That's cute. It's new. I'm at full menu of a sort of gourmet hot dogs and is drawing your crowd. I had the Chicago dog. It was great. That's one of my favorite things is a Chicago hot dog. Well, the real green with the real green relish and onions and the. You know, man, how does Chicago dog? And then the peppers. They have peppers real real green relish some special kind of a relish and onions. Hmm. Sounds good. You know where they have that? Why do I do this to myself? Is it hot diggy dog? Is that the name of the place? You're crossing the lake and working with you on federal highway and for a lot of day or sunrise? Huh? Don't know. Why not? You better get out a little bit more, Mr. I can't. The whole world doesn't revolve around Burger King. Burger King. There's 10 years. Oh, it says usually about 20 to 30 people hang out in the hot dogs open about three weeks ago. See, that's the sign of our real city. Maybe this is a good almond. Biscayan in 73rd. Biscayan in 73rd. That's only a few blocks away from our good friends at Flores, which says about the one D's right there. Yeah. Right. A block away from that. It's not gone, is it? The one D's? The one D's? I don't know. No, I'm sure it's still there. The one D's in the Taco Bell right behind right. And you'll push you can't right across the street in the Playboard Club. Gone. History. So there you go. So things that are gone and things that are coming in. Hot dogs, weeners. A lot of weeners in Miami. 560, 50560 pound. Look at that pole man. President pushes popularity rating is lower than any time since 9.11. I didn't make that up. That's in USA today. And it got a lot of color pictures near to prove it. Hot dog heaven. Thank you. Hot dog heaven. I can that I do know where it is. Oh, by the middle. They got great Chicago dogs. You ought to try. Are you the like it you love it. In fact, maybe we can get some of these over here. That's a great idea. I was going to say, yeah, because I don't have a lot of fun. I can do it with a knife and a fork. But a better idea would be a special delivery. Save us a trip. Special delivery one. If they, especially delivered here. Who? Then? Hot dog heaven? Yeah. Who said they know from us? They don't necessarily. But I've actually had somebody that knows. You have any idea what they'll talk about besides talking around for another video. Somebody will tip them off, baby. Yeah. I wonder if Rochester hot dogs has Chicago hot dogs. Ah. Anyway, here's the poll. How do you feel about the President's overall job so far? We're talking about he's a, he's a, he's a total disaster. 2947.2% 289.612 votes. 12 votes. George. Week 120. So you put that's 19.6. So that's 67% those two categories. That's two thirds. You turn of all the votes. Outstanding 102 16.6% good 53.6% Fair 48 7.8. So outstanding or good 25. 85.2% which means then you're 75% are saying not too great. Not too thrilled at this moment. 5670560 pound or reminiscent about we need places. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes. Are you doing the list? Cardinals, your Air Force guy. Are you doing? Great. How you be? Excellent. I called George while you were on vacation. But I wanted to call you to officially welcome you back. Well, thank you so much. How's everything going? Good. Good thing you called now before I get there a lot of here. Yeah. It'll be a while. It'll be a while. It'll be a while. It seems like I always hit you up on your way out. Yeah. I'm here. Hey, did you hear this morning when I on low Howard show some guy called up asking if George Jordan's plane tonight and in classic form. Oh, my god. George Jordan will not be playing that. Joe Thornton's in bad shape. Oh, yeah. George Jordan not doing too good. He has a save as I'm that one. He got he seems to be going around. Michael Redberg got that infected hand and they thought he was going to lose his arm. Now he's okay. I hope he comes back soon. We need him and Joe Thornton had to say kind of like an infection too. Hospitalized for a few days. Oh, yeah. But I'm not going to take a more of your time. I know you have very, very much more important calls. And in case it case, Mo is monitoring Bobby or will not be playing tonight either. Or Derek Sanders and orgier achievers. Have a great day Carlos. I knew they care about her. Have a great day. I wasn't talking to you. Carla and our Carlos are so soon. Oh, oh, should I have a great day if you want? And if not, that's okay too. It's free country. You're well to a point. Although the USA Patriots is illegal aliens. Elegal aliens should not have a great day. Maybe the aliens can solve that whole of Bosch and thing, huh? Instead of like, uh, multiplying the traditional way, we can just start cloning people. The aliens can handle me predicting a rupee dot the stuff. The rabbit stuff. You know, this we don't hear one word anymore. He talked about the biggest egg that was ever laid, Humpty Dumpty's laugh at his ass of. The biggest egg bio-ed you assholes in the media. Oh, the aliens are holding a press conference in Hollywood Florida. As soon as you heard Hollywood Florida, you should have, you should all go to Rosa Lopez's house and look for the virgin Mary. And when you saw that she wasn't there, you should have known. This was another soft photo scan. And you know what? I love it. We keep pulling the biggest scans out of rest of the world. We're, we're, we start to take a whole different altitude about it. Screw you people, okay? We don't have any shame anymore anyhow. So the fact that we're scamming a whole world of all these goofballs that keep, uh, gravitating to us, we enjoy it. Hey, there's the judge's looking up with that eye at the chair. You know, well, screw you. We sure made a lot of fun out of it, didn't we? Of course we didn't get a good result, but nevertheless nothing's perfect. It's not perfect. You can take those old Jews and Palmbees and vote it for Pat Buchanan. You voted for Pat Buchanan, okay? And it retrospects. Yes. Yeah. And retrospects not too bad. Yeah. I do like that. Sure. I don't care what anybody says. And I sure wish I could find out if they're getting any numbers because I hope it stays on here. Buchanan and press 2 to 4 on MSNBC. And like you said, the other day, Pat is actually, I mean, on some subjects he's, yeah, he'll never be, he'll still always be a Nazi, but in certain era, many areas he's like a hell of a lot more reasonable. Uh, he's not like he used to. He sure know Tucker Carlson or Bob Novak or George Will. I get the Willy's thinking about George Will. Man, I want to put out my damn boots and start just stopping when I see George Will. The goose stepper. 19 till noon. Could we get no food in here today, huh? But to late now, I didn't bring my sack. Dr. remind me to bring something for my sack. Remember I used to do that. Right. I haven't been doing that. Although we did bring soda because well, we're a little short on soda. Couldn't you, wouldn't you, wouldn't you? Or rains like I would be glad to even pay for it. I'm not that's unusual. Like buy like maybe a who, Jeff ponytail. Or your good friend Scott and Ira. We could arrange to have like a delivery like I'd pay for it. I'd buy it. Can't feed free whatever. Okay. I just mentioned that in passing something free to work on in between all the other hard work you do in there. Which we still haven't figured out what it is. Reason now that the was who names gone. 19 till noon is five sixty w q a and what that was. You said Shannon. I'm not going to play it. I'm not going to get great too carried away. Then we'll be getting another facts. One a day is okay. Like vitamins Greg one a day. Because if I play that he'll spend some other facts. Hey, it's a new year. A lot of people out there are thinking that they really porked out during the holidays and over New Year's Eve, etc. And they were really just gigantic and not an idea look like a cow. But it's really unhealthy. And low and behold, these genius doctors are discovering fat and good for it. What a concept. That takes years off your life. If you're trying to lose weight the atkins weigh any of the low carbohydrate weight, there's a marvelous sensational story that's dedicated to you. It's called the lights of West Boca. It's a mega store for atkins, dieters, or many low carb sugar free diet because that's all they carry in the store. No fat and crap. None of that garbage. It'll make you fat as all hell. They've got over 600 delicious low carb food products. And man, what a what a pleasure it is to have some choices as opposed to just an unusual steak and shrimp and shrimp and some. I mean, that's fine, but you got to have some choices. That's what you'll find at the lights. Like their new low carb crunchy granola by a black semile in two scrumptious flavors, only one and two carbs per serving. So whether it's carbohydrate ice cream, bread, chips, muffins, cheesecakes, pasta and sauces the lights of West Boca is a place you'll find them all. And whatever it is you're looking for there, you can try before you buy it in the store. They got a staff who knows their stuff inside and out. They know your public. They're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10 and they create a most complete line of Atkins brand products anywhere and the best part, always 25% off the regular price all day every day. And of course, like we keep telling you, Atkins, they finally become a respecter. But again, he's become okay. Even though he's an old funny dirty because the study showed at Atkins really works. It can lower your cholesterol, your triglycerides and help get that way off too. So check out the number one sugar free low carb store anywhere in the United States. And you'll find it on the Northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to it at Boston Marketing College in 1877. 7 low carb or on the web find them at lowcarb.com. And low. This is 4205. You wait and wait. Get baby. Got it. Great. We will bring great sentences to it. These are the uncle. Hey, Mr. Telly. Come give me a lot. And if you say no, we're gonna drop a bomb. We ask you to prepare the holy water. Big deal. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. I'm a place out of the left, right, you come from above You got my long white smudged I'm going to the geohawk of Been lucky night in coming out of his cave Salaban, monkey step to rent and raise Black male women begging in the crowd But bodies only know ladies and loud Let's rock, we're done I'm a place out of the left, right, oh come on Put on my bloody white smudged Don't you the geohawk of Wake Muhammad for us in Checkmate is the American Truth position Ali, watch me in the video, CNBC For God message your next mission in America Going to the geohawk, don't be late Coming in from everything of their mistakes God for you, and many rock you are Are we stepping on nice suicide from the front There's another lesson out of your spot Come to the field and the long white smudged Going to the geohawk of She I'd do says to her my sports Get the boys ready for a holy war Sparta, do says to my three Come on in kill some women and children with me Let's rock, raise our no less rock Then got my fear down my long white smudged And I'm going to the geohawk And boys to the geohawk Bring great sadness to his knees Oh, kill me in the dead swine Kill them all I don't think you're going to die I don't think you're going to die I don't think you're going to die I don't think you're going to die Love it till the last five six get it Wanna step on a really bird Anyway, this is an online one we're trying to Above before Milton Burrell's death leaves Largest penis void So the speak The death of comedian Milton Burrell The longest penis in Hollywood is left several celebrities Loving for the much-heralded title of entertainment's biggest Member including actor James Woods, comic Bob Newheart And singer this will knock you off your chair Wayne Newton Look at that, they both just hit the floor World identity 93 but his age never appeared to be a factor in the Long-running rumors that he possessed the largest penis in the entertainment industry Now that he's passed away many celebrities are positioning themselves to Overtake his title I have great respect for Mr. Brill but now that he's no longer living I'm not ashamed to tell the world I have an enormous tallywacker Said Woods best known for his role in against all odds I think it's important for the world another than gifted and proud of it You think this is going to be tongue in like Brackham cheek Newheart begs to differ with Woods assessment of himself I've lived in Milton Burrell's shadow for far too long He said he asked anyone including my wife and Suzanne Closet And I'll tell you I'm Hunter like a horse Taking a backseat to nobody especially James Woods Newton Meanwhile said he's prepared to put his package head-to-head with anybody He's got a son right to hold roses for blue lady He's got a red hose for blue lady See we forgot that today we're doing dog and Shane how about red roses for blue lady huh? Is that small fatent is or what he is crap man And who the hell was saying about well he's a terrible singer but a great editor I think I was mosa and I wanted to moderate the other day to stay more let's pretend it was anyone it was it was Terrible singer but a great entertainer. What does that mean maybe he'd try maybe he's as good as Susan Lucci Cucci Cucci huh? She can't sing she can't dance she can't act but she's a great entertainer She's a panic Milton stated the topic because he had both liked and girthy famous Las Vegas performers said Newton That's what I bring to the table as well He later read out there in the table people were aghast Most guys here in Cincinnati are just banging showgirls, but I feel like my Johnson is too good for them I'm very selective with whom I've shared the big Harley It says so who gets to decide that a stick on a ghost away small nonprofit group and Beverly Hills called Personalities receiving infinite Who do's the acronym being PRI CK? Anybody why it laid claim this most precious prestige is said it must come to our office in person and have themselves measured by the staff Said dick judge president of the organization to be honest. We've never had to do this before because nobody would come close to beating Mr. Burl if you'll pardon the pun We're set it over the prospect of having a new pool bearer. There you go Everybody likes a good pool like it said right there on our website President is doing very poorly very very bad. Maybe some of you people 650 votes 309 309 people say is a total disaster 126 a week that's 60 almost 67 percent Right around the two thirds mark Here's a call in four-laterdale. Hello Yes, sir speaking. Hey, the place on on Sunrise Boulevard just east of Andrews talk. Hi, dog heaven exactly. Yeah, they deserve Vienna beef hot dog, right? Out which are brought in from Chicago used to be able to buy those in the stores in the in the frozen section But very few stores like public's carrying them these I ask the managers is they'll ever carry them again and they say not enough interest I think there's a lot of Midwesterners who we buy them I want to also tell you about a website There's a lot of garbage on the web. We all know hey, but this is one this is one that is that makes the web that you know Make that for all the sins of the web. It's called absolutely Brady dot com you must go at your first opportunity I've got a right here's matter fact. Yeah, it's great. It's fantastic. I especially like to make it pictures exactly. Thanks. Thank you too. Yeah, we already a carl company got that he found it. How is he looking for that? I wonder What does that mean absolutely Brady isn't that what's on my yeah? On my desktop Run underneath all those icons and he's got one covered like a very important place to which I wish you'd get that off of there get it off 567.0.560.0.560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line hot dog heaven. That's in its detouch. That's been there. I think as long as I've been here The egg and I and the egg are we what is that place called? I'll tell you another place that's been here as long as I've been and they were like nothing. They were nothing when I first came here and I put them on the map Not I wish I had crispy cream 160 third now you talk about a neighborhood that's gone to the dogs my goodness And yet everything is gone from there peaches the old wolfies I mean 160 third street mall shopping center is still there, but huh, but anyway Crispy cream is still and I what's the joint that's right next door to what is that the egg place the what is agree? It's around there. I don't think that's the ham and egg. Well, isn't there something there. There's one that's called the egg and I or the egg and you and the egg and you And then I think that's that's it. No, it's you're gonna confuse One of them is on federal highway and for a lot of Dale and the other ones right next right next door to crispy cream somewhat although Crispy cream has been there like a hundred years and nobody around you has a donut shop little did we know at that time The incredible increase in diabetes somebody's on a phone. They're probably gonna give George the answer to our thing here right now The egg and what is it? Egg and you is federal highway egg and you say my federal highway and what? And then I have an egg raise right next to it a crispy cream those places have been here for a damn long time That's what I say you really got to respect people can stay in business like forever and ever and ever and ever Because especially in this time and he's people are really difficult to please in addition to which the population keeps turning over so dramatically because They basically two things number one and say transient area A lot of dead beats and vote people and the population keeps dying all the time too many old old Dying over there so between those two factors. It's pretty damn hard to like maintain any continuity I think we're gonna be talking about that a little bit tomorrow. Make a list all you people out there start making list Places that have been here the longest that are still in business that have been here about 5,000 years not too many restaurants And places that aren't here anymore that you just are dying for Like needles on old and road. I just mentioned that in a frame particular reason Good. Yeah, that was that was a good place not a fancy restaurant before they had good onion soup And they had some of the best damn onion soup. You know the real thick baked cheese in The crock now most of what's left is a crock hands in your place that's great the Amolco's Chinese buffet They're still around and they're gonna be around a long time because people love to go in there and pick out Three locations for you now sunrise North Miami Beach our newest location in Pembroke Plans please don't tell Richard what the George keeps saying about the Chinese people Richens if we got from Toronto big maple leaf and how about those lace Richard? They got six different kinds of great oriental soups. They've got just dozens and dozens of suckers on trees Not just oriental but all kinds of other good stuff too like a surfing turf on a weekends near a strip steak made ordered their gourmet center That's a sizzling Asian grill with teriyaki steak shrimp chicken seafood even handcar of permit cooked to your order Be sure make a pit stop at the Gorbati Asian grill and of course Emerald coast doesn't use any crap like most Chinese restaurants Most of those Chinese joints. They used a lot of MSG cornstarch all kinds of artery or clock and stuff Not the Amolco's they cook all their fine cuisine with cholesterol free oils no MSG no cornstarch no crap There were faith features a full salad bar a new sushi bar fresh room cocktail and their famous lobster faces back featuring lobster thermators And lobster bisc and if you have any room, I'll try to pace yourself So go in there and spend a couple of hours because you gotta leave room for dessert They got a zirt part that'll lock your shoes off pies cakes pastries ice cream and all your favorite toppings and even fresh fruit Three locations like I said in sunrise the original one pine island of 44th street They're on Collins Avenue just over 163rd north by me reach after eight there you can stop buying go to the dunk it and the not the oh Sorry crispy cream right you can dunk it at crispy cream and at the other section of flamingo and pepper grows in pepper pines The accept reservations take on delivery available as well and be sure and check out the new Oriental chicken salad to at the Amolco's call nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two for the best Chinese buffet in the universe at the Emerald coast Get the Miramar diner. Oh my favorite Republican this is Madras at his time for the Skills bag I'm loading it's time once again for the Neil Rogers 12 to one hour So for the finest and online casino given call 1 800 it called that Remember him on the read it it it it it it it it for the fence Still spray listen up to boy remember that bomb I drop them to mouth. He's toyed by glis over there One Yeah, but I ain't throw it at me at sea. It just so happens. I got another bomb to drop No, not that kind of I'm your moron As you knew ginger rages does his show up in tinder dear Yeah, but what you don't always ginger flies has love and that feggard the corn a fair every weekend Yeah, for hot gays and nothing Don't believe what you're here in the end and talk and grab any other TV eggs for years now I ain't throw yet stupid I pay the great deal of money to a fellow staff member who loves it and might as well The leave ginger spot open last weekend. You see What you're about to hear is that pipes mocking ginger rages and that train monkey faggan at all and dancing together in a romantic and They got it! They did so quick! They did so quick! They did so quick! They sure us, we got each other out there! That's right! That's right! That's not so bad! Oh, fuck! You're mad! Oh, fucker! You're so fucking mad! You're mad! You're mad! I said we're not scared! I said we're not scared! It's not a problem! Stop here! Stop here! Why are you screaming? We're going to get your fucking bootleg! We're going to get the bootleg! We're going to get the bootleg! We're going to get the bootleg! I hear Mr. Mouse! What the hell are you doing to me? What do you mean, sir? Why am I reading in the paper? You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn? Well, sir, we're just scouting locations. Jeez! As I'm scouting CEOs, you are killing me! But Sir, look what we've done with New York City Times Square, 42nd Street. Hang on! Bring it! Bring it! Pull off the vacuum plan, Raybus! Get the blue burn all of here! Okay, boss. Bizarre, but Sir, look what we've done with Midtown Manhattan, 42nd Street is incredible. I know what, publicly I support it that, but you took all the pouring away! You're killing me! I'm going through a gathering of scom like pets! We're just scouting areas calm down. Let's go to the new bus! Hang on! Raybus! Raybus! Pull off the vacuum plan, Raybus! Just like the green burn all of here! Okay, boss. Bizarre, but Sir, look what we've done with Midtown Manhattan, 42nd Street is incredible. I know what, publicly I support it that, but you took all the pouring away! You're killing me! I'm going through a gathering of scom like pets! We're just scouting areas calm down. Let's go to the new bus! Raybus! Raybus! Raybus! We're all going through a gathering of scom like pets! I'm a Margueram, a Kishizam, a Kishizam, a Kishizam, a Kishizam! We're gone, well, man, we're well-beating! We just look to drop, bro! We'll do a conference, we'll meet you, man! We're bad! Then we'll lay down, scratch our butt, and say, watch you, I'll turn red! Or I'm a Kishizam, a Kishizam, a Kishizam, a Kishizam, we're all my kishizam, we would and would want to be a donvettin O horse or cow? worstendoey, and we like it, and we learn the things you say! dada, come with and be tinlu. x widsung, y widcm, y widm ?! brainstorm music a con music i native south may chairep I'm singing this song and I'm feeling kinda sad. I got my smile from home, but my truck came for my head. I got up, body like a driving range mat. When it's cold outside, use my nips to hang your hat. I can blow in your ear and give you a lap dance, but you won't notice me to get some implants. I need a guy who ain't got issues feeling up a chest and find in tissues. I'm feeling this and pretty, I'm not lonely job, I've got a nice ass and girl like a kiss me, but I can't get a man because I got no titties. How go today? The wonder of growth is something I can't afford. When you lay on me, you'll swear you're on a diving board. When I turn 11, I started to get used. Now I'm 24 and so waiting on my boots. I guess I am cute, this am pretty. I'm not one who needs your pity. I've got a nice ass and girl like a kiss me, but I can't get a man because I got no titties. How go today? I've got no titties. I've got no titties. No titties. I see you, I like that as much as I do, but I love that. I'm just obsessed with it and I still can't figure out what that is. I mean, it's a song parody on something. Right? I would assume, oh, I know it is. And I would bet you at least half of your salary. $40. That's a frank saposong, but nobody seems to know what it is. Nobody has any other alternative suggestions. But that's okay. It's our big Wednesday noon to one hour where we just dummy up and play a lot of good funny stuff. And you sit back and stick a finger in your nose and have a good time doing it. Hey, listen if you're sticking a finger on your head and you're finding there's a big nasty ball spot. I noticed, Duff on a way, did you notice that? Prior tuck. He's developing a big one. I'm talking about a ball spot. Man, prior tuck did you say? Yeah, you did say that. Anyway, almost guys sooner or later we get the big balls, but because it's guys nasty gift that he plays on men. And if you want to get your hair back and look like a real match, and especially you guys were like still under the age of 100. I mean, what you get to be my age who cares, you know? But if you're like under, you know, 90, 85, like about mosaids. If you're younger than that, you want to have a nice looking piece on there. Not some mouthy looking deadly thing. It looks like a dead musk, right? Or maybe like a dead rat. And Charles Offier is to gotta do that for it because for over 25 years working with the famous and not so famous, Charlie has been able to get guys looking great. Because he's got the natural hairline system and natural is the operative word. It doesn't look like some artificial piece of crap. Like a bunch of straw was sewn on your head or like somebody drilled a whole bunch of Swiss cheese holes in your head. It looks like it's real hair. Like it's growing out of your scalp. That's the key. So if you want to look better when younger than you ever thought you could again, give him a call. There's no obligation. What they do is they make an appointment. They give you a free consultation and Charlie will show you just how much better when younger you can look with his natural hairline system. And when you do call, we should have mentioned you, Rogers take advantage of the $200 of Neil Rogers discount at Charles Alfiery Studios. Here's the toll free number to call. It's 1-800-3-2-1-2413. Look what we did for Byr Eisenberg. He looks almost human now. In through way that at Muskrat we said over to Charles Alfiery, he looks almost human underlying the almost part. Call toll free 1-800-3-2-1-2413 and get your hair back from Chuck Alfiery or log onto their website. If you like at Charles Alfiery.com. The Fudge. There paints. I don't think I like you anymore. You used to watch me shave. Now you do stare at the floor. I don't care. I don't like the way. You used to think you and me a paper towel in a dirty bag. That's so we needed to get back. Now it's the same thing to change that I think that you're the one who's playing their paints. I don't like you anymore. He sings. They're running. I don't think I like you anymore. Because when you get to drink it, you put me places I've never been before. They're running. I don't like you anymore. Why can't we just get a grip on our man to hand really shamp around? I've got to turn the truth away, feel. If we put our heads together, we just stay on forever. They're painted. I like that I can laugh throughout. When running, while you're shaving the shave of my mouth. I don't like that. That's so fun. I don't like that. Okay. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's play who wants to be a millionaire. Let's play who wants to be a millionaire. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. I don't know what else. Well, that why did you call? You heard that magic word, didn't you? Sweet. Right? Ah. Isn't that what you did? You heard Neil say, sweet. Hello? Hello? Yes? You want him? Yes, I would like him, I would like to. Hold on. I pledge allegiance to a non-specific symbol of my choice. A united state of America, and to the Republic for the existence. One nation under a non-specific religious or a non-religious representative, divisible or indivisible. With or the outwardly and unjustest for all, or some. Oh, right. I hope to join in the morning. I hope to join the night. I hope to join in the afternoon. I hope to join in the night. I hope to join in the afternoon. It makes me feel alright. I hope to join in the night. I hope to join in the night. I hope to join in the night. Oh, my daddy, you want to meet me. You'll be our lucky man. For my mind, we want to meet each other. You'll be best you can. This is the only time that I met him. I'll give him to me and this you've heard. Thought would good, and I would find. But first take care of him. Oh, now I hope to join in the night. When I get up, in the car I hope to join. I hope to join in the night. When I beg you, I'll give me. And that everything I was in voice, I hope to join. I hope to join in the night. I hope to join in the night. I hope to join in the night. I hope to join in the night. Oh, I'm a daddy, he was so pleased that you three are looking back. But my mind, he was so pleased that you two did best you can. But then one day I met him and he gave me a chance. You turned. I thought you were a good boy, so take your hand. That's why I hope you're the only one. I hope you're the only one. I hope you're the only one. It makes me feel alright. I hope you're the only one. It's time to be a true and time for me. I hope you're the only one who's the only one who's the only one. Come on! You don't getangle even that? I'll take good gums. I hope you're the only one who's the only one who's the only one. What a sensation, LARP. Yes, people look out for me. So anyway, we asked it in our pool. It's still on there. President Bush's popularity rating is over the eight times since 9.11. What's your take, baby, on W? On the jet overall job he's doing so far. Total disaster out of 751 votes 354. 47.1%. Week, week, 146.94%, outstanding 121, 16.1%, good, 71, 9.4%, fair, 59, 7.8%, that's a great. Not too hot. Anyway, the man dogs coming along next. He's always hot. He's on fire. He's smoking it. He'll be along for more than three. We got Hank in a building and then tonight. Don't forget Panthers and I'm going to throw in anybody can show up on the team is winning. When the team is getting a crap out of it. That's the time to see who the real fans are. The real hockey fans. And I'm not talking about the ones that are going to be wearing a bruise outfits tonight. I'm talking about the Panther fans. I'll be there. Anybody going to be there? No, I'm not sure up tonight and root for something. Okay. You're going to be there, George? Where? Put. Anyway, the man dogs coming up next. Bye, bye, bye. We'll table and rate me.