I thought this is how Florida's only real is. It's very anybody out there. I'll be for the other day. Our reason podcast competition. No. And tell you QAM.com. Where are you? Yo yo, it's straightforward. Three, two, big shot. That's how we've asked the time awake in the geo jail. Jump in the taxi car, but don't drive a central car. You look dead in me. So quishickling. I could tell she was in the dark. So I acted out my pop show read and with my arms the trees I made. There's no bug speaks English and I'm all over. I want to down to my head, and I'm at the beach where the weather is nice and shunning. I walked into a liquor store, but I got their talks real fun. I asked him for a pint of fortune, and he said, no, it's the end of what does that mean? But the butter's cooking wish. I got him all. That corner deline. Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan. It's English smelly. All you can go back to the hour, right? I came here for many years ago. I've learned my ABC. I don't say much as gross here. I said pretty pretty. So get yourself to a classroom and you're in America now. Stop making me sick. You know, butter's being English. Come on, let's go. I'm right. That's not 0.560 WQM, but I'm sure it fits in here. Don't you hear? I just like a rubber glove. Where do we start today? We got so many things on the plate. We got a full plate. I'm thinking by the way since it's Wednesday, and we do that thing on Wednesday, noon to one. We're thinking very seriously of doing it nine to ten. Instead. What? Why is that funny? You think that's funny, huh? Yeah, I got something funny for you, Mr. What the hell's funny about that? Don't you think that's a great idea? A spectacular idea. It's matter of fact why instead of... First of all, I don't want to sound like sour grapes, okay? Because we're number one in the book, although we're following a dead hour. I mean, when you got a two-one in your mobile, that's about as close to dead air as you possibly can have. That's even lower than a two-two. That's lower than a two-two. It's a matter of fact, what percentage is MoGun on our pola? We took overnight when they phenomenal a lot of pola, but nevertheless, a record-breaking number of votes. He's got a two-one. Two-point-one percent, last place. But it will get to that. But since we've had this fantastic, Beesley promotion, about moving from ten to two to a back-to-nine to one this last year, and the nine to ten hours just a killer. Because everybody else has already got the MoG. Mentum, we just got MoG and they got the MoG, and that's the problem. When you like to swap and rather have the... If I growl, tell you, I'll make you a trade, like in sports, you know what's the sports station? We'll make you a little baseball deal. We'll swap you MoG in exchange for some MoG-mentum. And by the way, that doesn't mean Paul Castro nova, PD-Lenny and Fatboy, it doesn't mean Castro nova. You ought to see the way that they're in here this morning, putting on a full-core press. He must have naked pictures of them doing it, you know? Must have. Maybe they figure they can sell that, but... Oh my god, he must have naked pictures of PD-Lenny mounting Fatboy. Lening over on his walker. Can't you just smell that right now? Oh my god, thanks for that. Because I mean, we took that poll here a few months ago on his show, who would you most prefer to hear it in the morning? We asked about Mo and D.F. and Bob and Tom, and we were concerned. And we put Castro nova there. And he came in not just last, but so far, last week the mom Palomar telescope to find his name on there. Remember that? Yeah. I mean, is he a talent? Does he fit in on his radio station? Is there anything he brings to the table? He's had recycled old material? No. I'd rather follow Mo any day than that. And PD-Lenny again, who called me not once, but twice in Toronto pimping for Castro nova. Oh yeah, Paulie called me. What do you think? What do you think? I want to go to Bat for him. What a... How do you like that? If these guys spend as much time out selling as they do yenthing in a marketplace, with every other station in town, all their sales department buddies, their general manager buddies, their on-the-year buddies, yentas. Is there a bigger yentat in the world than PD-Lenny? I don't think so. Professional yentat would leather-puss gets me the wrong food for lunch yesterday. By the way, thanks again, a floor as it was delicious, but not even the same family with what I ordered. I ordered chicken parmesan and I get a big thing to spaghetti with mushrooms. I mean, it's similar, I guess. Isn't it fairly similar? Is it a tight-in-ish? It was very good though. We thank them very much. A good friend of the floor is up on 79th and the skin is a little free plug for you. Thanks, but... See, in the food pushers, here comes fat boy Waddling in here this morning. Not on his walker, he wants brownie points for that. He waddles in on his cane. Oh, let's hear it. Ah, he's on his walker. Not even his wheelchair is on his cane. He's making big improvement. And as he's asking me, how come he didn't ask trash rat for to his face when he was sitting here? Of all we're as food is for balance for life. Maybe he's as scared to truly. I see, and probably with good reason. Troll kick his ass. Troll-lisco and after handicraft people. But at any rate. And as he's asking me about, did you talk to Troy yet about my food? Did you talk to my little brother? And he's got 16 bags of food there from another one of our sponsors, Bigel High. It was very nice of our friends at Bigel High to feed the morning crew in there this morning. Good thing they didn't tell Mo that it was one of our sponsors. He probably wouldn't have touched the food, you know? You don't think he might have been a little... Tainted, do you? Tully. Like that... Cupcake, the other day. It wasn't for him. He's not touching it. So anyway, we got a little problem here that's nine to ten business because it's just it's a killer. You ought to... and yesterday I asked about that, we only had one call about that because they were all foaming at the mouth about still what places that are out of business. I'm going to tell you folks if you keep it up, we're going to be on that list. I'll never cue a hand boy. I was a lot of fun cue a hand. But, you know, nothing lasts forever. We're going to be out of business. If this keeps up, if somebody here don't take the bull by the horns. Does anybody see Moffier this morning? No. Clarence? No. Anybody other than our saleshold? No, what do we... they must have something special going on? Maybe they're having a meeting about those numbers. I got the hour by hour the whole breakdown now. I'm going to bore you talk about having a breakdown. I hope I don't get any more historical calls at home about these. Because look at that morning show. Men 25 to 54 are target demographic in the fall rating book which is October, November, December 2002. The dolphin book, the fall book. There are at six of time by the way overnight the dirty boys and Joe Costello, haven't had a little bit of a pull. Let me go get a spy report on that. Because we got 50 million extra votes on a pool overnight and Joe and Mark got most of them. So they obviously work campaigning to get the people to put phony votes on there for them. Although I will say, Dufflensie's penis talk shows got 150 votes, which is number five. Not too bad considering it hasn't even started yet. I guess the people that are on their dealing with it are looking forward to it. With great anticipation. So Joe and Mark were dealing with our pull overnight but they didn't do much. In men they had like 2.5 to 6 a.m. they had a good hour. So anybody who listen to this, anybody who had complained about having a week lead in, that was the only hour to talk about. They had a 5.3 sharing an hour that 3000 average person men in the 5 to 6 a.m. So that's a good lead in. So anybody that would like to blame that on them. I would say shame on you. Okay. Those are balls. Yeah. Shame on you. And then of course it's six o'clock. Here are the three hours from morning show. At six o'clock a 3.0. At seven o'clock a 3.1. And at eight o'clock we're following a 2.1 share. I'll grant you to send her the whole station took a hit. But nevertheless even if you like boost that up a little bit, it's uh... Pretty weak. Yeah. Pretty weak. Those are balls. Okay. Be in denial. This is the man that was going to reinvent sports talk radio. So all bits from nine to ten every morning is that what you're saying? I-I-Well, let's continue discussing that. I think it's something to think about. I want to err this out right on the ear. Get some ideas from the audience. Although they won't respond because they're always got their own agenda. Oh, you remember Johnny and Matt by the railroad track? Yeah. Yeah. Since it goes over obviously swimmingly the pole building hour, the night of clock, both a pole building hour every morning. That's a joke. What does that mean? We make a list. No. Like with the sponsors. That's a joke. Obviously. Let's see. I mean, like, cash and over and the morning, that's a joke too. Obviously. Seriously. What's wrong with these guys? These are supposed to be pure and a little bit about the business. They're out there selling. Our livelihood depends on them. And they're touting cash and over. I guarantee it. Seriously, I believe beyond a shadow about how he's got pictures of pedaling mounting fat boy in a hallway. I'm positive of it. And as a result, would you want those being passed around? No way Jose. On either end. So I mean, that must be the reason that he's got them pimped room in this place because this morning, they went another, a last gas attempt. An addition to which that's kind of like stab and moan aback, isn't it? When you're supposed to be out there selling his show and you're in here like pitch and me, I'm not getting involved. I'm here doing 9-1, which I'm not too happy about that. We tend to do work magnificent and they screw that up. So Greg screwed up two day parts at the same time. Not just one. He screwed up two in a fit of peak. Going after DFO and Joe and even little Jeldy there, even after little Wimpy whiny guilty. Wimpy. Wimpy. What are we going to do? Wimpy. 10-pash 9 at 5-60. Wimpy. If your back isn't feeling good, I'll tell you what you ought to do. We call our good piezons at dialometrist. That's right because they'll make you an offer you can't refuse. It will deliver right to your door and set up for your great brand-new name brand mattress and unbeatable everyday low price. The top brands in the world without you even leaving the house. And they'll breathe there like in a flash. They can even be there the same day you call them at 1-800-MAT-T-T-R-ES. They carry the best, like I said, Seely, sort of, Simmons and King Corlaner resizes every style. No bait and swish exactly the mattress you want to be sleep at on his Instac. Ready for practically immediate delivery. And of course they've got a 99% on-time record which they might be proud of which is why they're ranked first along with 100,000 other reasons in overall customer satisfaction. So if you want to waste a lot of time and money going to your bedding and department stores be my guest, help to pay for somebody's gigantic overhead. But if you want to do it smart, just make that one easy call, talk to some bedding experts who we know they're crap. And as far as delivery like I said, they'll be there when you want. Any day of the week, any tour window that you pick when you're going to be there when it's convenient for you. So if the old mattress is headed, you want to get a great night's sleep and feel a lot better every night of your life. Make that easy call right now. They could be there still today. 1-800 mattress, 1-800-MATT-R-E-S-B-Shernt-T-I'm at Fatboy Tour de De Caves. My life, and love. This is for 3-05-60. Anyway, it's really great. Finished with the sewer of this place. You love Shakira's turn to his underneath your clothes. Oh, I'm feeling dark, while back in the room of the story, there's the man that you're on. And now you'll ever knew album, Chikyu is in other people's heads. It's a problem. Oh, I'm bored. She already made music history by recording her first English language album. And now she's taking her art form to the next level. By re-recording songs that were already heads and English, only this time they're in English. Look at her. I'm so sorry. Look at me. I'm here. Chikyu is in other people's heads. No, no. It's in that that more magic. Chikyu is in other people's heads. Just a full form of my life. It's in the bottom of my heart. If you really, really like Chikyu's CD, laundry service, then you really, really, really like her new CD. Chikyu is in other people's heads. No, the name was in this manual in this document. I love that. To think that that damn nearly fell through the cracks is shocking. That's one of the all time great bits. 1916 at 560 WCM. So, Duff was just in his very pleased to see how well his new, uh, show penis talk is doing. Not even on the area. And it got 150 votes on the pool. We asked yesterday other than Neil and George. Which QA and personality do you listen to most? A loud, do believe Eric and me are correct me if I'm wrong. But I think that's a record even though we know that tons of them are bogus and inspired by Joe and Mark and the penis talk of them. But we don't care, see, when we look at the total number votes, we say, Wow, look at all the votes we got. We don't win, we don't care. 1886 on a weekday poll no less. Jim Mandage 538th Mad Dog. Oh, right far in a way the winner. I mean, just don't even a contest. 28.5%. I still want to listen to Neil showed damn it. 255, 18.8% but when you take away the cracks, it's still about 25.6% exclusive audience. Uh, Joe and Mark 2114, which is highly suspected best. Do you know what I'm saying? If I go into 14, isn't that more people in the hand average quarter hour? In fact, wait a minute between, you're going to find this very amusing between one and five A.M. I have it right in front of me. You see right here in my hand of the numbers two. Average person's men 2554 300. So the fact that they got 214 votes. It's almost your name is here for Joe and Mark. Hank over 188. See, I don't believe that that's true. I think the humbers got a lot more of our people listening. First of all, who'd house up at 2 to 6 in the morning anyway? No, buddy. Maybe some of your people degenerates. Dolphinsies penis talk show 150. Oh, how do you like that? You call that a penis? Orlando, Elzagiri had 126 votes. The crow, the very popular and very, uh, a different crow had 82. Joe Rose was a late addition. We apologize to Joe. He probably would have done better with the law. If you would have done it on the right away, you think? Or not. Joe Rose had 78. Any K and Kaplan 60. Kimbo camp for 54 and in last place, which I find shocking, but never less that 2.1. And number just seems to be, uh, I don't know. Maybe it's just stuck to them. Maybe it's under that hairpiece instead of what we thought was the 666. Maybe there's like a 2 one under there. I'm getting pound 40 votes. A 2.1% of the whole out of 18 every 93 votes. Not an overwhelming, uh, endorsement for the morning mayor. So what can I tell you? Look at that 2.1. Okay, before we get back into this business about the 90, 10 hour about the comedy, but it's not all these other things. West and asked outstereve all of fan six, uh, appearance. That's going to be our poll today. Let me give you the poll. Although, you know, we really got to leave that up for just a couple of moments to get up to 19 number votes or anything. 1893. Well, then. We'll leave that poll out there momentarily so we can get up to 1900 votes. Put it in the record, folks. Oh, you know, I would say probably like, do you think 10 or 20 Marwheel? I mean, man, that's just a phenomenal turnout, considering nobody's supposed to be listed by the White Castro Nova. If we wouldn't have gotten screwed in December, this is not an excuse. We would have beat him head to head in that 90 10 hour. Now, stop it to go this. There are 100,000 white class C FM. They got three hours of their own leading on there. If you follow what I'm saying, other words, they got the mole. Mentor, we got mole. They got the mole. Mentor. And it was like 5 3 to 4 7. And we give you the honest number. I mean, now you know, they beat us. Even though Howard sperm beat the crap out of both of us 9 to 10, and of course, he always will, but nevertheless. So if we wouldn't have had that bogus december where allegedly, see it, we still definitely both agree that it was the ethnic waiting. A lot of times you'll see that in the third month of the book, because what arbitran does is when the sample is too small. In certain demographics in the third month of the book, they waited. They, in their all of a sudden, you get more Hispanics and more blacks and more the, and therefore, you know, and not the Hispanics by the way, about number the sparring to number one. But that's, that's an old story. Why are they bringing that back up? Because you're Catholic and you reproduce like rabbits. So you, you even have one either one. And why you didn't watch us to show you because subliminal limb, I see. The Pope planted that scene in your mind back when you were young and impressionable about you know, going forth and whatever you're doing, having unwanted babies. Here's the poll today. What's your take on brow election supervisor, Miriam Olafant? Four choices. She's totally incompetent and should be fired. She's doing a good job. She's the victim of a racist campaign, or who's Miriam Olafant. Those are the four choices on our poll today. I'm sure won't give as many votes as the one we had yesterday. Although you never know. 1899, the next vote whoever cast the next vote on eoribes.com will set history folks. We'll be the 19-Hundredth vote. In fact, if we left it on there long enough, we could look until 2000, we don't want to do that. We can't afford to stop our momentum following that 2.1 share. Why would you notice the color of this here? I walked by and we haven't even had one of their break little meetings in a control room. I wanted a commercial breaks and guilty was up against the window. What am I going to do with? Doing that. And Mo was sitting on a look and a action look on his posts. And I noticed the color of the comedian hairpiece that it was turned like a piece. Kind of like a piece green. Did you notice that? It's a cut of greenish. So I'm thinking maybe he saw that number 2. .1. Wow. That's a week hour, you know what? That's really weak. What are we going to do about that? Because he's got two more years to go, him and guilty. They're not going anywhere. And we're not going to campaign when we don't play that game on this show. We don't sneak around behind a scene trying to get other people can. You know what I'm saying? We don't play those games trying to mess with people's livelihoods in their lives. You know what I mean, George? I guess we do. You and I not Carlos yet because he's still small potatoes. Let's plant the scene somebody's mind. How about getting Carlos fired? What do you say? Huh? I'm getting pounded. So here's that polling in today. What's your hey listen, if you think I'm hooked up into a frenzy you're right? Because I'm watching Greg read this madling this place. This is this picking apart the pieces we've seen that happened before. And we're watching it again. And I also see that WRFX Fox Sports is starting to like, I think I've like 1's in 2's now. Where before they had fractions they're starting to make a little bit of a move. And you want it a while. Number one. I mean we're supposedly got billboards coming up in this place one of these days soon. Allegedly. We'll believe it when we see it. Yeah. No promotion. They switch around the whole then times they move up and put manage in there. They put me instead of 10 to 29 to 1. They got mold. They bring in for what reason we don't know. And nothing. Do you know what he's had since he's been here at that one little ad. The first the day in the newspaper. Remember that little ad. And the same thing we had a quarter page about New Year Rogers 9 to 1. And that's it. That's the end of it. Any year. See the people who run this place. They're fat and lazy and sassy. And they think they can just sit back. And what sassy. Yeah. This is sassy. Lassy. Underline the ass part. And they think they can just sit back. And we're just continuing turning it out. It's turning it out. Pupping the money machine. You know. Meanwhile, power 96. They're giving away $50,000 a minute to try to get people listen to that crap. And it works. They're on every freaking bus. Yeah, they're on every bus. They got ads up the ass. They got TV. They got billboards. Everywhere you're low. You got power 96 in your toilet. Okay. Which is where most of their music ought to be. Well, sorry, kid. We like you. But your music sucks. And. And a kiss. I don't know. Kiss. Who the hell knows what that's all about. The country music kiss. They got a kiss. They got a kiss in this book. All right. They had more nose pickers. In fact, I think they must have dropped all the diaries in the trailer parks. That must have been a little bit. That must have been a little bit plain something. And what they did is they probably just dropped one of those. Uh, what do they call it? Like they, the one of those blimps like at the hockey games, you know, where they dropped them. Yeah, the leaflets. A little leaflets out. And they dropped all the diaries in the trailer parks. Here you go. Y'all come back now. Here. Kiss it. Kiss it. And that one. Oh, he says. Kiss it. We got a good bubble story later. If we have time. Hillary says he needs sex therapy. Why? I spit. Oh, and if you want to get your, uh, Lieberman Yomikets, only 1295. Did you see this website? This is great website. I won't let. But I don't want to pay for it. You might. Wow. Here's the picture right here. The Joe Beanie dot com website. Maybe they'll even send us one. Just an exchange for us. Give them a plug. The first ever presidential Yarmuka is here. Use your head to get the word spread or to the original campaign. Kippa today. And there's a picture of this group. All who started this. This Joe Beanie guy. He's wearing the. And it says on there. It's a white embroidered Yarmuka. And it says there's just Lieberman. I don't know if there's a couple of people who are in the two thousand four president makes the four. You see, that's kind of cute. Two thousand four president. But there's only the one style right. Oh, so far. You can't get any and like golden. It might be two. There might be one. Milks are in one place. I'm not really sure. Anyway, can we get back to our pull. Please, is this a very important stuff? Because Western is pissed off and fired up. Western City commissioners on Tuesday. And this course was simultaneous with the fiery meeting. They had in, uh, the Broward County commission. You see any of the clips on that? No. And now she wants more money. Oh, yes, she wants three million more. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. West and City commissioners on Tuesday said they have no confidence in the county supervisor of Elections to run the March Municipal election. The commission pastor was a loose-nastic governor Bush. The gutless governor Jim Bush to remove very relevant from office. Bush has said he will not remove or unless prosecutors find wrong doing. Commissioners said they will ask elephant to appear before them for more third to discuss the election. On March 11, the 11th, West and voters will decide on two city commission and the other city commissioners will decide on three ballot issues including whether the mayor commissioners should get salary increases. Commissioners, Dan, Sturmur, 40, a lawyer and a jick of the 73 retired lawyer have seats that expire in March. The city is offered a higher 15 poll worker's throw, but while the make a long story short, they want to meet with her and put her feet to the fire. Which is one of many, many reasons since this has turned into another racial issue in his town, which everything in American hours a racial issue was opposed to people who get jobs based on merit, people who continue having jobs based on merit, things like that that are billeted and performed, everything has to be a racial issue. So what's your take on Broward election supervisor Marym Elephant is our poll today. She's totally incompetent and should be fired. She's doing her good job. You know, he took the poll off he provided since we get to 1900's, want to be sure we did. I'm sure. You know, talk about a little bit too quick on a trigger finger there, Erica. What is he on a doggy upper is something? He must have gotten a batch of the same acid that Dick Finder was doing at Pomp and O'Park last week when he was told me about how bad the drivers it would buy in our. Who are you, kiddin? Dick? She's totally incompetent should be fired. She's doing her good job. She's the victim of a racist campaign or who is Marym Elephant. That's what I'll make it all just said when he came in. Who knows that? Has he got a clue that it's probably because he lives in Dave County. I'll David Leahy in Dave County. He resigned. He did the right thing because he was incompetent. And finally after all these years he said, Guess what? I'm a bozo I can't get it done right. Bye-bye. You know, of course he's a white guy. 26 after nine at five, 60 WQM. You know something? What? It's a good thing I just thought about that because today is Wednesday, isn't it? Yes it is. And I'm thinking that the Todd Dreck who we never see anymore. I don't think he got me any right copy for Fastring because that seminar was last night. Those seminars at Fastring? Yes. And I think I may have Schmidt-Kan the other copy because of the fact that this new stuff came in, which is now outdated. This is a man who refuses to service what he sells. I want the people of Fastring to understand that the guy that's handling your account is the most incompetent bozo that ever came down to pike. He did not that he won't do what he just refuses to do with. Okay, not that he can't. He just won't. So, what can I tell you? So I guess we'll just improvise, okay? Or move it. No, what do you mean move it? We don't have room to move it all the spots we got here with. We can't swap it out. When it doubts swap it out, are you crazy? You know what they water not see what to do about that? Don't mess with my log and she don't say mess either. Don't effort or log, okay? So, you know, somebody that's on a stenesis you are. And you want to start moving spots around? You must be nuts. I take the bad date of quick sniffing glue. I guess. Anyway, the new year in full swing now is the time to act on a new high paying career. And Fastring is the place to get all the training you're looking for. You'll find him in Miami and Kendall for a lot of it on Pembroke Pines. And don't forget they had that three seminar last night we hope you were there. Call 1-866 Fastring and make 2003 the year that you're in a high paying computer job. If you're overworked underpaid or in a really crappy job go and nowhere. Well, here's the answer for it could be the most important decision you ever make to call Fastring. That can have you certified ready for your dream job in just four short months. Call them at this toll free number. 1-866 Fast Train. They've got convenient day evening weekend classes. And of course pretty soon you can be a train computer expert just like Carlos. They're going to big bucks he's making in there because of the fact that he knows his crap inside and out. Call Fast Train or check them out on the web at fastring.com and you can be on your way to a brand new high paying computer career in no time at all. Fast train subfloor is leader in computer training who remind you that Todd Dreck well he's an asshole. And local. This is 42560. You can weigh him. For mind you that Todd Dreck well he's an asshole. And local. This is 42560. Angian the butt honey. It's the most outrageous video ever because it features real girls. And not just any real girls but real girls on video going. Oh yeah. Just the way you'll love them. Real girls on video going. Oh guys the real girl's on video going. All the cross America real girls on video going. And each copy of real girls on video going. This is a group of loser drunk guys going. That's right. You get real girls on video going. And loser drunk guys going. And hey act now and you'll receive a half price real girls on video going. That's real girls on video going. And the focus. Hey real girls on video going. And the cross loser guys going. Oh yeah. Just like the word out. And pretty well video will throw in real girls on video going. And. That's real girl on video going. Real girls on video going. And real girls on video going. And. Dark punk Oh. And lizy Trum. Guys go in. Oi. Papa.uber darker. Thehmm. Well well. It's in the 2356 utility claims too. You got laid over that. Yeah. But it actually discovered the 9 to 10 just comedy, but so every morning. And that's not like a throw away. I mean it's not like saying, well, like the station is doing Sunday night. I'm embarrassed for us for that, you know? That would have been a perfect time today, but you do a new show, penis talk. And instead of that, we got ESPN radio. That would be a good pull to take some time. What would you rather hear ESPN radio, penis talk, or dead ear? Because I don't see an awful lot of difference between the first and latter of those. But because we're forfitting the sports audience to the Super Bowl, which unfortunately we don't have the rights to this year. So we just, though, 6pm on Sunday, we're turning the switch. And we open up that pod on ESPN radio, which they'll be talking about the Super Bowl, but anybody who really cares about the starting center to be doing it, 500 hours of pregame festivities and analization and yati yati yati and Warrensapp said this and Warrensapp cut that. And whatever else, you know, are you a little bit tired of him already? Who? That's sad. I mean, he can be mildly amusing and very, very small doses. But the fact that he weighs 600 pounds, I look at him in quite frankly, don't see an athlete. Oh, it's bigger that bad news. Marty Hablatt heard his elbow the other night then that I came against who was it, Tampa? But look, fucking he ain't gonna be playing with that for Ottawa. So I am trying to pull some strings, make sure that he sits right behind me if he's gonna be in a stance. What would he laugh about? I talked to the rimman. I said in exchange for getting him the free meals of pizza lock. He's got to pull some strings with Steve Dangerfield over there. And see that Marty Hablatt sits right behind me in civies. Or he nothing if he wants right behind the game tonight. Ottawa senators and the best team in league. And your Florida Panthers tonight at 730 of the macaroon. You're gonna be there? What do you mean no? What does that mean no? No? No. He doesn't have any tickets. All be there. I got tickets and you're not getting them. Last night on Wolf Blitzkrieg on CNN before we get back to this other very important stuff, which is much more important than almost anything in the world except that we're gonna blow the world up. So they took a poll on Wolf Blitzkrieg now. There are some people, especially the assholes that watch Fox News the right wingers out there, who think that everybody else in order is Tommy Pinkle liberal. I hardly consider CNN to be liberal. If any of the three talking headnetworks would be considered to be liberal, it would be MSNBC because they got down to who I'm there and Jerry Nachman, who's just fat. And whatever. But CNN is about as much down the middle as you can get. They take the poll and here's exactly what it is. Who's views are most like yours when it comes to the Iraqi crisis? President Bush or Senator Ted Kennedy. I checked it before the show this morning. There were 7,868 votes. 5,935 said Ted Kennedy that's 75% only 1933 said President Bush 25%. So it's not just in Britain that the polls are turning really negative to re-tour this whole salivating at the mouth. You know, this rerun of the old movie that he's getting tired. You don't want to see the movie again. Let's go in here and start kicking ass. That stuff. And the Germans in the French who also are saying, ah, not so fast. But it's the American people. And all those thousands and thousands and thousands of demonstrators that if you watch C-Span we saw them out there over the weekend. But if you watch the network news you saw them for about a half a second. All those people are getting a little bit nervous too. In addition to which the people that really know their crap about terrorism are saying. Oh, all you got to do is start dropping one bomb over there and that'll be the instant excuse for crap like you know. So how many American lives are we're willing to sacrifice not just in terms of our troops. But in terms of the kind of horror that we would unleash right here. That's a question you ought to be asking yourself. Also on the news last night here, they were hyperventilating about Palm Beach. They had the cameras up there and here's this house in Palm Beach. And I never quite frankly, we'd heard much more about it. Did you know you see the story? Nope. About they were investigating this house that was terrorist related. Well, here's the story from the Palm Beach post. Of course. Green acres. Oh, this is written by Scott McCabe and Elliott Clymer. How you doing, Elliott? How come I don't see the Clymer's at the hockey games anymore? Howard? That's how our Clymer is going to not. FBI agents last night searched the former home of a Saudi family who had neighbors headed in Rold and adults son and nearby flight training school and had left in her hurry two days before the 9th-11 terrorist attacks. You following that? Neighbors and state records identified the head of the family as my Hammond Almas Almas 357. According to state records, others who lived in the house in the Upscale neighborhood near jog road in 4th tier Boulevard were Madawi Almas 26. Turkey, Malmah's, 22. An R-off-I-R-E-F-47, another Turkey. Neighbors said Almas were lived in the home of his wife a son and daughter and the late teens early 20s, a younger son and daughter. Several agents some of them in white bio-hazard suits arrived yesterday afternoon to home at 1606 to R-R-L-Driven, fairway aisles a gated community neighbor said. Into the night agents went in and out of the home carrying plastic and paper bags and dug up parts of the front yard. Neighbors said they saw the agents carrying what appeared to be metal detectors. A large pickup hauling a large metal trailer was backed up to the front door. Miami FBI spokeswoman Judy Orwella said last night that the agents were looking on the search warrant, she wouldn't say what they were looking for might have found, whether there was any link to the ongoing national terrorism investigations, at least 12 of the 19 terrorists who arrived at the Jets 9-11 address you showing they once lived in Palm Beach County. Lisa Dickerson said she watched Muhammad al-Mazrihusseless family in their car on September 9, 2001. She said that a few days after the attacks when the news reports began focusing on possible connections between the terrorists and nearby Lenten airport, she called a special national FBI hotline. It was just the way he put them in there because and said it happened so fast. He just janned them all in the car and they hauled ants. Neighbors milled last life behind the Al-Kram scene tape that stretched in front of the home and across the wild drive to the front yard of Rodley the Marca, the Marca said al-Mazrih told him he was an engineer. The Marca said the FBI had searched the home about two weeks ago, he didn't know what they'd been the agencies first visit. The Marca said the other backlight gangbusters, the Marca said they must have found something. The Marca said home on a association present they remson told him FBI agents had said they were moved to computer in discs. Remson told FBI agents said the family packed up so quickly that food was left on the table. Now keep in mind this was September 9, two days before the attacks. The following that? They left so fast that food was left on the table. It was a very important thing that was a little very direct said. Ever seen him and Todd rect together, same person Van Herkhaid. Martha Ruth Dickerson's mother said he was told a couple of sons Turkey 22 was attending one of three flight schools at the near land by Lantana airport. He was just learning to take off. Clark Kent last night. Hey, by the way, nice small little last night, excellent. They may have been the best episode ever. They got rid of that mushy crap. You know, Lana this and the Whitney, I mean, you know, they're never going to do it anyway. We're getting tired of all the big teas there. But last night was some heavy duty stuff as Les Luthier turns to the dark side. Yeah, the dark side. Or can't say that anymore. And of course now, you notice how hostile John Stad is. You want to know why that is? Because he keeps looking at the mirror. You remember how good he looked and do. He has it now. Crap he looks now. He's getting old. Yeah, he's not too happy about it. He did look good on that show. I don't care what anybody says, boy. He may have been a crappy singer, which he was. He may not have been much of an actor. But he sure looked good. John Schneider. Now he looks like a craguel fart. And of course, then he's got to look. And there's a Tom Welling. You know, nobody wants to see John Schneider anymore. They're all looking at Tom Welling's big 14-sized feet. So last night he started to fly. In fact, Freaky Carlos left front this morning said he could relate to it. So anyway, that's the latest of what's happened up there in Palm Beach. Does it look real suspicious? Oh, no, no, no, no. Of us, you know, there are no coincidences anymore in the world. Wouldn't you agree? Though 19 till 10 at 5, 60, WQAM, on you guys out there, it's so coincidence that your hair is falling out of clumps because male pattern baldness is one of God's great gift men. That's right. Just a little tricky plays on you because he's a sadistic prick is what basically bulls down to. And so when you look at Mary, you say, where does my hair gone to? Here's the answer. Charles Alphiurek can make you look better when younger than you all were thought you could again. Because he's got that natural hairline system. For over 25 years working with a famous denazzo famous, the rich, the slupper's and everybody in between? Charlie's been making guys look better like I said any younger than they ever dreamed they possibly could again. So if you want to look beautiful, lovely, or at least like better than you were before. Maybe even like not so hot, but maybe Luke warm. Here's the answer for it called tool free 1-800-3212413. 1-800-3212413 mentioning the arrages you get 200 bucks off this cut off the regular price and don't forget you get a full 30-day guarantee money back. If you're not ecstatic after 30 days with the way you look and feel with the way you smell, if you're not getting late at least 5-10-15 times a day, no problem. Charlie give you your money back. So like I always tell you the only thing you have to lose is that shiny ugly, grotesque, aging, bald spots. Say goodbye to it at the Charles Alphayory Studios. 1-800-3212413, or you can check all of this out on their website if you like at CharlesAlphayory.com. I don't have a penis. I've never had one. I swear. Mr. Howard, all of us here at Westwood-Non have reached a unanimous decision. Oh, they're getting your right. No. The put up a statue or a plan. Not exactly, but you see, we want you to leave. To go far away and never come back. How dare you! You know who I am? Why am I more ordinary than you? That's why we prefer you never darken our doorway again. The boy but also best in his life. Why I'd sell my soul to exact revenge? Yeah, it'll be a cold day in hell and down. What a hell are you? Consider me a friend. West come to fulfill your needs. Yeah, right. I will make you an alpha radio star in paradise. I have very dear, I never republic in friends in certain religious organizations that can make it all possible. Okay, watch the catch. Oh, I ask for in return. It's something you never use anyway. You're so... That's it? Put it away, sign, pal. And sign right here. What a room, bu bu. Ah! Welcome back to another installment of the Mohauded Davidish Show. Everybody in paradise. Get out of the way and I'll sit down. Okay, let's sit down. Let's sit down. Let's sit down. And in funny what we do it, that's human. Yeah, let's sit down. Let's sit down. We don't talk about sock on the show. Understood? Yes, my dominant master. Oh, I've got a smacky. I'm in a good mood in it today. Oh come. Right, I've been high to about that. If I get dawn, get an all that water over the comedy bitches and playin'. Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Straightley OH YOU!? WHAT!? What do you say, Prince of Douglas? I've come to collect my path of the bargain. Sure, go ahead. So like I'll say in a fake. What are you talking? You don't have a told reach. Oh, part of the bargain now. Can you drive, bro? I'm more in the mind than long, can you join me? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. The real face for the shpatch. Oh, I got some wood for you. Oh, I'm good as a good guy. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. It's a good table and rate me. 12 minutes before 10 at 5, 60 WCM. Let's take a look at that schedule. There we got your mad into one. Just a nice pristine schedule until you panther game. Add dog at one. Hank is out of the Super Bowl from San Diego with three. And then you got these shit co-pantern people with seven Panthers. And the out of what senators. How does team and league, maybe 730 if they macarooner? Will all be there. Any K from the Bahamas, a 10. Any K from GA in the Bahamas where we plunge in his brains out. And Joe and Mark overnight. Who really dicked with our pool big time last night. Can you believe that? Yes. Why does everybody who goes on the air? Does one show develop such a big ego in his business? That's a curse. Everybody who goes on just the first day. Oh, I'm a talk show host. And right away, they got this gigantic ego. And they want to start puffing up their ego. We'll all these inflated nonsensical things like that. They're getting on our pool and goofing up all those phony boats. I looked at it last night at the pool too. I looked at my pool and I kind of cried a little bit. Just like when John Schneider looked in the mirror. Oh, I speak of that. Here's a facts from Nadine who says you'll have to fight me for Tom. A.K.A. Clark, Tomlain Clark Kent. He's cute and so are you and says Nadine you're a great personality. Yes, I am a great personality. He's far as cute, right? Get some glasses, sweetheart. 100 votes on today's pool already. I don't think we're going to do no 1900 on this pool, do you? No, not necessarily as highly motivated. Because is this nearly as important as no way. No, no way. It's just a deluxe and thing. Right. Well, plus of course, a big part of our audience doesn't live in Broward County. Some of our people actually live in... They'd counties too. Oh my God. I know. It's kind of frightening to think about it. 106 votes. What's your take on Broward elections who bars a Miriam Olafant? She's totally incompetent and should be fired 77. Who's Miriam Olafant 19? She's the victim of a racist campaign six and she's doing a good job for her. Not exactly what you call overwhelming your vote of support yet for Miriam Olafant. I don't think. I don't think she's victim of a incompetent. Yeah. 560, pon 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. As we debate the future of these Wednesdays, actually debate the future of the 9 to 10 hour. Because 9 to 10, let's be honest about it. They just put a signer to go set the morning show. Right. Any roadward or what? Gooseen it up a little bit. It doesn't really make that much of a difference, especially when you're following a 2.1 shift here and men in the 8 o'clock hour. So what they've done is they've harmed us. Not that we won't still take the bonus money, but it's just an, and not that we don't like the schedule, which we like a lot. But is it good radio? Does it make sense? Does it work for the audience? I don't think so. And so I still think at least on Wednesday, we ought to try it next week. What do you think? Alright. 9 to 10. I mean, what if it doesn't make? We're still doing I want our comedy stuff. But instead of doing it like noon to 1, which we've been doing out for months, we'll just do it 9 to 10. And maybe they'll give people a more immediate reason to 2.9. 1 and number 2, then when we started 10, see the problem now, because obviously in the numbers proven, I've been saying it all along, did I say this the first week that we did 9 to 1. Remember I was crying like a child like guilty is now? Right. I was whining it because of the fact that you could see. People are creatures that have it. People listen the morning shows from 6 to 10. I've been on midday for about 70, 80 years now, 10 to 2. And so when people are tuning over to us from where everything even listen before, but it's how it's sperm or the handful of people listen to your friend Paul and Ron or whatever else there's a national public radio, whatever. They tune in and the show is in midstream. Didn't know what the hell we're talking about. The pool is already a done deal. It's already on their farting away. And so it makes it very difficult. And one thing you don't want to do for your audiences, make it hard. I've seen some of them not too many. Very, very few. And that's what we're doing. We shot ourselves in a foot. That's what you did, Greg. You shot us in the foot. Shame on you. And even though we'll be delighted to continue taking the money, the big, big bucks on this side of the window and the really measly bucks on the other side of the window, well look at it kind of evens out, you know, it's where it is. Few guys are making a lot of money. I'd be making a little bit less. And I can't afford to make it less because I was remembering to do some of these things. Yeah. Yeah, I must be a really nice guy because the guy that does that to me, and I turn around and get him free meals at the pizza law for the rest of his life, I must have a good sense of humor, you know? You're an old softty. I am. I mean, when people are wine into me about, you know, well, what am I going to do? And I'm like, I'm humoring their hysteria. Yeah, no. No, no, I'm just, why am I listening to them? People will participate in an ongoing effort to try to destroy you and me in this show. I'm not talking about something, a fantasy. I'm talking about something really sinister and nasty and unacceptable, the likes of which I ain't never seen. You hate? I hate never seen it until, uh, here recently in this past year. 124 votes on there and 90 people say she's incompetent, ought to be fired and I say they are. That's the rule, because it's what I say. Well, sorry, Bert, tender, I chopped them right there at the ankles. Which is what we should have done to Greg when he started a mess and went to schedule. That's what if I had a real agent would have done? That's what Norma can't shoot it on. Well, that's right. I forgot he's just gone off the air a little while ago. FDL still doesn't show up. I should point out to your, uh, norm. Still doesn't show up. Your big hot shot. Do you know that he was talking the other day and about that eight to nine hour day, this and FTO when I had the opportunity to see him. Eight to nine, like somebody cares, even they highly touted Bill O'Reilly from Fox Fashes that work. Does he show up? No, no, no. No. No. One large ass is enough, okay? So they thought that they put him on there in the light bulb. No, those right wingers will turn off Limbaugh and I go, no. No, they want to real thing. They want to real blow hard. They don't want some self-aggrandizing pompous ass. Like I said, there, everybody got one of those. And now that Rush has got his hearing back. Forget about it. Well, they thought that all the volatures were like moving in. Remember when he had that problem last year or the year before? And he was losing his hearing and thought he was losing his mind and going to go off here. And they had the operation he got his hearing back. Let's go out to the, and he's back to doing this thing again. So Bill O'Reilly in this market went over like a pregnant pull of alter when I hot your line day. Bad. Kind of like our morning show is going over. We can talk about that. Here's North Miami. Hello. There was something on how you doing. All right. You know, I'm not a racist or anything like that, but you know, I really hate the fact that black people don't hear. I'm a racist car. Right. I think they took it from the Johnny Cockman School of a Race Cards. Yeah. Because I mean, the Martin Luther King phrase, you know, they didn't want the mayor brought with it because you wanted all the fun out. Right. And basically the whole day, they would just think, oh, you don't want her there because she's black, you know, and it's not about that. It's about just just look at the facts. Yeah. Just screwing up our election. Right. You know, and back in the primary and then again, November, Brewer County was the laughing stock. But the whole country, remember how many days it took for them to count the primary votes with Reno and the Bill McBride? Yeah. Exactly. I think they're still counting them. I was watching channel 2425 when those government channels. Yeah. And the commission that kept action, you know, what happened to all the money that we already gave to you. Yeah. And she was just like, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Exactly. That's exactly what she said. I seen it last night. And I heard now she wants another three and a half minutes. Yeah. And they said, wow. We don't think so. My staff is preparing a report for you. I just didn't have no idea about the money. He's just working on it. So I just say just fire. Thank you, sir. I was in the United States. God bless America and all the ships at sea. See, there you go. There's a dark, complexive guy. He knows what side it's on. He's not playing. See, when you look at things based on whether you're black or you're white or you're gay or you're your buy or you're this, your Hispanic. And that's just stupid. What that says is you don't have a mind of your own. You can't think for yourself. You're a herd animal. Exactly. You're a lemon. You're like those flamingos at the track while stick their heads in their ass. Yeah, that's right. They stick their heads in each other's ass. Just like PD Lenny was doing with Fat Boy in a hallway. They're in Castro. He's got the pictures. What a horrendous group. Tessk thought that is. And luckily, I spaced enough time between breakfast and lunch now. See, I didn't do it too close to lunchtime. Because that would have been really bad to be talking about PD Lenny hump and fat boy in hallway out there. Real close to lunch. I know you're getting very nauseous again. I really, it's got to be that while they got to know that we don't want him on his station. Castro Nova. I mean, he's talk about small potatoes. Remember those little potatoes were always asking what the hell those are. There's a lot right. He's not even that size. Castro Nova. He doesn't even amount to, he doesn't doesn't amount to as Craig Warding would say a peer hold on the snow. So what are they talking about? 9. 57 at 5. 60 WQM. I'll tell you a place if you're on the ackeens died. Many of their low carbohydrate or low sugar died. And that's the last of us. Boca. A lot of people get frustrated because one thing I can tell you about ackeens from personal experiences. It's pretty limited. It's pretty boring. If you're just going to have meat and cheese and seafood, it sounds great at first. But man, you're going to have some other stuff there to give you the ride. Keep you on a straight and narrow path. That's why it's when it's a business in the first place to create an entire store that's specifically devoted to you and all your dietary needs. They've got over 600 delicious low carb food products and stock. And all this week, try their new Enchantment low carb cookies in six delicious flavors. Only one or two carbs per cookie. You'll be in snack heaven. So whether it's carbolite ice cream, bread, chips, muffins, cheesecakes, pasta, sauces, the ice-west boca is a place you're going to love to shop and don't forget you can try before you buy it. Always at the lights. They have a staff who knows their stuff inside and out. They even know PD-Lany Delta news stories. They're open seven days a week from 10 to 10 and they create the most complete line of ackeens brand products in the world that are always, by the way, 25% off all day every day. You've heard the reports you've seen that ackeens is making a big comeback because while people have a lot of other things, this is the one that works for so many people. So head for the number one low carb sugar beast or in the world. The lights of us boca on the northeast corner of blades and 441 right next to Boston market or column tool free at 1-877 low carb or on the web. You'll find them at lowcarb.com. Don't forget there's only one that lights of us boca. It's your official Atkins retail center. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. You're a smart guy. Guess what's under my row. And pinned up the lame on the parent. Make a difference to your child's future with the Catholic Church. 10. 10. 2. And 5. 60. And what's your take on Howard Luxon supervisor. Merrim elephant. She's totally incompetent. She'd be fired 123.6%. 73.5%. She's totally incompetent. And should be fired. Who's Merrim elephant 31 say that? She's the victim of a racist campaign. 8. And she's doing a good job. 5. 5 people say that. They probably live out of Broward. Probably live in Palm Beach County. They're still voting for Pat Buchanan. 5.6705.6. We're not going to get any input. You know what to see? The thing with programming is just go ahead and do it. You know? Yeah. You're right. Well, we will. Next Wednesday between 9 and 10 and we'll just try to as an experiment just on Wednesday's only morning. We'll be going to the next Wednesday. We'll be going to the next Wednesday. We'll be going to the next Wednesday. We'll be going to the next Wednesday. We'll be going to the next Wednesday. We'll be going to the next Wednesday. We'll be going to the next Wednesday. We'll be going to the next Wednesday. We'll be going to the next Wednesday. We'll be going to the next Wednesday. We'll be going to the next Wednesday. We'll be going to the next Wednesday. We'll be going to the next Wednesday. We'll be going to the next Wednesday. We'll be going to the next Wednesday. We'll be going to the next Wednesday. We'll be going to the next Wednesday. We'll be going to the next Wednesday. We'll be going to the next Wednesday. That'll be it. Because I think that we have to be in, you know, it's just, it's screwed up. It's really screwed up. Those first days that we brought it on a clock, it was like, well, you know, people wanting us to start to show all over again for them at 10 because they were just tuning in. Well, that's unacceptable to us. I mean, you know, we could just keep floating along and take the money. I got a good contract. George has got his great new contract that he's going to be signing any day now. Have you seen yet? But it'll be. No, I have tried to either. That's coming. Is that what normal? Yes, you know, a normal cantola yesterday or today. Hopeless. He is absolutely as useless as a frog's ass. He just, you know, he just is. He's a legend in his own mind. He'll tell you that. And he's dedicating his life to a being an important guy now. But other than that, but nevertheless. So we could do that. But I just, I don't know. It's just not my nature to take the easy way out. Although it is a cop out, of course, not reading those bedtime stories all day. Right. Which is long as I live before they put my nasty cold body in the ground, that will still be in my mind. That bitch. Calls up George. I'm back in town. I'm in a really good mood. It was on at Monday, I guess, before I came back to work right before the new year. Well, you know, you're the only one George on the year anywhere that's taking me opposite point of view from these right wingers in here. The only place we can do. And then you try to explainer that I've been doing nothing all year long. Well, yeah, but he says that nobody cares. Is it just too hard to do? Is that just a cop out? I got something that's too hard for you, honey. Okay. It's my foot. I'd like to put it right up your ass. And nobody cares. Nobody wants to hear that. I mean, what's the point of my destroying the show? To try to make a point. I mean, talk about being stupid, you know? I enjoyed it. But the show isn't for me to enjoy your George or little Carlos to sit there in Sucker on here. He'll say he enjoys anything because he needs the money desperately. And he's seeing the midset. Get a free meal every now and then. Like yesterday. Thanks again to Flores, who's damn good. Although we didn't need the 40 pounds of pasta. And you saw what I did here. I sent eight or whole bunch of that. Yeah, which I had no business doing. You see, I don't want to make excuses. But that's another great reason for me to be doing a show from out of town. Most of the year because if I'm here all year, that's at least at least 10 pounds extra that I'll be at the end of the year. At least minimum. That's what I've been back. I've been back about three weeks. What's today? The 20 years second. Yeah, three weeks. We've had, we had Wayne Arnold here twice. You're doing the first time mine the second time. We had Flores yesterday. Factboy comes in here. We're way 600 pounds in Catwalk. He's walking with a cane. How old would you say he is about 3840? 40 to say 40. Let's say 40 is. Showcase like a not an old man. But because of the fact that he's such a tub, a tub, not just fat, but a tub. He wears a sack to work. Talk about a fashion plate. By the way, no such as spiffy. I look like me. But at any rate. Huh? Except you're straight in your buttons a little bit because you're talking about your weight. No, I'm not. What are we talking about? Yesterday we were pulling on him a little bit. I was pulling on yesterday. The buttons. I'm looking at him in Ricky's picture. Maybe that's what maybe I was getting ready for a small last night. Anyway, the fat boy comes in here. And he's, he's bitching on a one head about the fact that Troy's got it for Walter Hook. I'll come back up with balance for life. I mentioned this already. But it's worth mentioning again for the people just tuning in. And he's got, he's got bags. I'm not making it stuff. He's got bags and bags of food that he's supervising from Bagel High. Lots of food, Patty. And he's offering me this and offering me that. And he does have this thing of rug a lot back here, which is just, I'll and how about the, the rain feast that I had the other day. Two cupcakes and a chocolate lace. Right. That was called arsenic and chocolate lace. I know that. And now these rug a lot, which I've already had two from Bagel High. And there's three more sitting in here, little ones, but never last, I'll eat them. Cause I'm addicted to this crap. So, and then when do you, when have you ever heard me eat on the ear in Toronto? And I'm, Amsterdam, I'm forget about it because I'd have to go up that whiny staircase. I get killed doing it over there. What's you, what got a weenie out of the fridge? I got a piece of cheese. I did need a cold weenie. Yeah. Which is not your business a piece of cheese. And I had a piece of cheese. And that was it. If it's colder, it got to be something. And plus that's all. And I can't have proved anyway. There's no problem with that. Am I the only one that eats cold weenies? Do you ever eat the like, you don't? Well, you already did anything anyway. Don't remind me, never to ask Carlos about anything. Okay. He doesn't like chocolate. He doesn't like, uh, well, what else? Anything. Things that everybody likes. Now, I'm asking about hot dog. You like hot dogs cooked at least. Oh, they, okay. Not great. Yeah. Maybe. So, if you don't like it cooked, why don't you like it raw? You know, I can think of things that fit in with that category. And in fact, definitely talking about this is Sunday on his new show. But, uh, so what did I ever eat there when I was on your all those months? Nothing. She's the way. Nothing. Just an example. And we're looking how spelt I was when I came back in October. I waited 1806. It was my lowest weight in a coonzade. lowest weight in ears. That's a bit of the walking that you do when you're there. Or when I'm anywhere. But here anywhere. Here. Basically, what you do here is you sit on your ass and you watch TV. You go to your garage, you get in your car, you go to wherever you're going to go. And then you go into work and you just take about four steps. You can on the elevator, you're coming here, take another eight steps. And you sit on your ass. I was thinking this Monday night to track Monday. I was in here on my ass for four hours doing the show, okay? Four hours. I get to pop at a park about six o'clock with a fat man there. And I'm there till about 11.30. There's five and maybe I got a twice. What's to go take a leak? Another time just to get up and stretch because my ass was killing me sitting on a chair. So there's nine and a half hours right there sitting on my ass. Well, you're not going to lose any weight. You're not going to burn off any calorie sitting on your big fat pimple. Older than we asked. Nope. And this is pretty much what most people do because make no mistake about it. That's the American fucking way. Right. She said it so well. So being here is it's a very a necitori turned my health. Both mental and physical. She's a mother and little. She's just put 20 o'clock sick. She's a two-way ham. Good. Good. She really stops it down. And she has backed on her pills. Don't know how much she must wait. Sit around all day in a blue gown. When she's in dollars and you're bossy, she keeps packing it away constantly with the gallon of fucks for all. And she said something to count and don't go out. I'm pretty sure she's got the gout. She's a lazy, the fat girl. She's a lazy, the fat girl. Yeah, and Rika's going to be doing a call. Sorry, George. You're out. Dr. Skim into what I said. We appreciate all you've done the last 11 years. It's been one of our last few years. We haven't got your new contract yet. Not that I would turn on you. I mean, it would never abandon you unless of course. There was a greater alternative. It would be a nice case. It's not even close. He speaks better, Panna. Then you because he's Spanish. He's not Cuban. He's a spandard. He probably is actually from there. And he and I can relate better because we both have very, very tiny penises. As a matter of fact, I don't want to let the cat out of the bag. But in Rika and I are going to be dust first guest on and show this Sunday at six on penis talk. You just like to spend your better because they list from Barthalona. Yes, they do list. Okay. And of course, they have a good excuse. What's yours? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. So I guess so we just decided next Wednesday, 9 to 10. Comedy Bends. But anyway, here's my programming suggestion. I mentioned it to Duff. And he was like, eh, you know, of course, what does he have to say? He's just the operations manager. The program director showed his face in there yesterday. Clarence. Although don't not Clarence because Pate is coming up Friday. Pate is Friday, by the way, boys, the 25th of Saturday this month. So Pate will be Friday the 24th. Am I correct about that? Yes, I am. I just want to plant the seeds in our mind over there in Naples. Just in case the pony got sick again or the FedEx. So because of the bad storm, I don't see any bad storm down here. Maybe go to cold weather the pony got sick. So the FedEx went to New Orleans and then I went to Houston and I went to San Diego, a Hank presented back to Naples. You know, I like the last time. Whoever heard such a pile of crap. Remember that dog and poncho? Yeah. And I checked it. Duff me of me months and months ago. Remember that one? It still hasn't done to him. Found that one. So these are people who resist Pate. They, they fear it. I'm sure that when it comes pay day, that the people who work over their Naples in the accounting department, just they don't get out of bed real quick. They kind of like look at the clock and then they shut it off the alarm clock and they call back onto the cover. Isn't it kind of take a peek? You know, see if the daylight is showing yet. If you want to want to say, they really get a very reluctant because they don't want to write those tracks. And even if they do write them, they don't want to hand them out because you might cash them. That's their greatest fear in Naples at the Beesley or corporate headquarters is that we might actually cash those tracks. I do. I deposit that baby in there. I take it right to the bank. See, here's a big fat one for you. Okay. And as I'm driving away, they're probably thinking, yeah, there was a big fat one. But that's okay because it's my money. Yeah, that's probably what they're thinking to set my good friend, Kiro. Hey, we love you, Kiro. She's the best. She's about one of the only people left over there. I have any idea who they are and who knows me. And watch Chobia, which used to be for Stunin, which used to be a family bank, which used to be something else. I never called my good buddy Matt with the bald head, Matt Korschoff. Great guy. I'll get to you Matt one of these days because he's probably older than everything that anyway. Huh? Good episode on Smallville last night. So here's my programming suggestion. I want you on it. It's to listen to this very carefully to evaluate it. To chew it a little bit, spit it out. Like Dr. Ramirian Gravowsky used to say, Remember Dr. Mirian G, Dr. G? What about her? She was from you of him. Do you remember her the sex lady? No. She was the sex doctor. I thought that was Aaron. Big fat, Aaron. Come on. Aaron had a great ass. That's why Steve Nichol hired that bitch. She wouldn't know how honey bear from a honey jar. That bitch. Seriously, what did she know about sex? Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. That's showin' over like I said before. What was I saying before you interrupted me by the sexual? Oh, the new schedule. Here it is. 9 to 11. The mad dog. Alright. 9 to 11 am, right after Mo and Kelly. Right. Which in my mind, I think that's a good marriage because it takes the play by play guy there. Right back to back with his color man. You got that dolphin factor. Plus there can, it's a sports. There's some continuity in there. Right. Now mad dog and I already have a continuity back to back, which is obviously in a sport. The last hour we got a six, five. He's got a six, three. He maintains most of the audience. There you go. So whether he's on first or I'm on second, or whether he's on third base, it doesn't make an awful lot of difference. So he does 9 to 11 and we do 11 to three. Which means you get to sleep later. I mean, for a dog. The kid to school. Yeah. Right. There you go. But I mean in my case, I get to sleep later, which are like a lot. Then the audience is still got the hump run. And whatever else we got. And I'll tell you why they won't go for it. Well, who won't go for it? Man, it's been here. The fuck was just in here. He's part of management. Not not not much. You know, they actually talked to him to humor once in a while. He didn't seem to have be greatly opposed to it. Of course, I looked at him and his fate and said, but in his mind, I could think he was thinking other things in terms of changes. Remember the whole reason that they wanted to get a one of them and he was thinking other things. I don't want to say what they might have been. He didn't definitely didn't say it. But Jesus Christ. Yeah. He might put Jesus on the morning. In sandals. Go ahead. I'm sorry. Oh, the whole reason they didn't say it. Let me tell you right now. Nobody on that show is going anywhere. Oh, I know. Mo and guilty. There is solid as the rocket your brother. They got a two one if they had a one. If they had a point one, they're locked in for two years. Right. Because like I said, only moments ago, this company doesn't like paying people when they're working. They certainly don't want to pay people not to work. You follow what I'm saying? They don't want to be doing that. Go ahead. I'm sorry. We're saying the whole reason they moved you to night to one was to do something morning drive. Yeah. Yeah. But it isn't having that big of an impact. Don't you want to do it? In addition to which will you listen to me? In addition to which, manned it might help morning drive more. Because there's the logical sports tie in there. And people who are listening to them all, both of them will might keep right where they are. Supposed to right now there's about as much crossover as you've got money in a bank which ain't too much. Right. Now I almost insignificant. But they will maintain that they need you on at nine o'clock to bring that morning drive number. Did you hear what I just got to say? Yeah. I just got a little bit louder maybe. Until I should do a whole that window. So the sound kid would bring you there. I heard you they won't. What do you mean they won't? I just got them off. I just talked to the head. Handsho from that penis show. And he said there. It's something to think about. It sounds okay to me. What? And then they need the in objection. Other than that silly crappy just talked about because I'm going to give you the answer for that. I think it's an excellent idea. I think it says now we'll get the audience's idea to that. Lots of time in the morning to eleven at three cents and say shuddle to me. Because following the mad dog, can you imagine the audience he would turn over to me at the level of clock? Yeah. And we would build on that. So like she doesn't like on your hands and knees and on your ass on your rainous. I think it's magnificent. Of course you won't be here to enjoy it because in Rekeas coming in Monday. We'll get to when we came. Got all the tablets came in yesterday. Joe made an Eric's post including his shocking gay scandal. Got all the good stuff here. But hopefully we'll have some calls about these very important programming decisions to make. Which I don't see too many. Here's a call in Miami. Yes sir. Get that bitch, maybe I'm out of there man and go wait. Okay. Get that bitch, Mary, my number one and number two go wait. Oh I didn't hear that last bar because I'm rooting for the box. Sorry. What? I live in Florida. I'm not a Tampa Bay Bucks fan. I did say that they were going to win that game last week and Philly, which nobody believed me. I was right about that. And I think they can go all the way. I don't like their quarterback, Brad Johnson. I think he's pretty marginal at best. But nevertheless. I think they can still do it. When in doubt they'll pull it out. I think opens overrated to be honest with you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. You know what's the tremendous response? Now let's go back to the thing about businesses that are no longer around. Look at contrast the response we had to that. Because all that basically required was mentioning a name of a place or about ten places or your favorite 700 place to one or bit as opposed to like having something to say. Thinking about this very important dilemma that we have here at WQAM where our future where the future of your listening habits are at stake where the future of your free entertainment is at stake. It's enough to make me want to drive a stake through my own heart. Which I think is what they did to us about a year ago. Thank you, Greg. Ma, but they don't take it out of studio. Is it one hat? What was that have to do with anything else? What time did I mind? You know, building studios in Toronto on Uranus on a moon? What does that have to do with the time that the show is on? Absolutely nothing. It's kind of like saying to us, well, we want you to sacrifice the, everything you've worked the last 15 years to build up in midday. Want you to sacrifice that in order because we're going to build you some studios. Does that, is there any logic in that? No. Here's Del Rey Beach, hello. Del Rey Beach. Yes sir. Can you hear me? Yes, it sounds just like you. Listen, Neil, I got some more. You want these to come on? No, get out. Are you crazy person? Oh my god. Oh my god. See what I mean about this town? Was I right? I mean, I probably blew it. I probably blew it. I could probably carry that on for another month. And they'd have been happy campers. Oh yeah, here's a bunch more of it. Let's just get out the old yellow pages. Maybe some people saved those, most of us throw them out. Maybe some people got the yellow pages about 10, 20 years ago. And you just started A and run through Triple Z. You know, for a pest control up to Zebra, your ass, double A, hardvark. Right. And we'll just name every business in the yellow pages. That'll kill a several miles. I mean, that's sad. That's tragic. But to try to orchestrate a conversation about anything in this town, if it just, you know, doesn't fly. You won't play the game. Well, do it. Can't do it. Here's some rise, hello. Hey, Neil, I've been listening to you for about 15 years. Yes sir. Then you understand my predicament, I guess. Well, that general manager of the owners of this station, I mean, I'm surprised you survived this long. Number one, you got to get control of George. This guy won't let you speak. I know. You're not a part of this. Just like Tom Jickus, he wants to be an equal partner on a year. I mean, ringing in and regate. Okay. And also, I think also this show took a hit when you went away to, well, according to Tom Jickus, when you went to Toronto, you lost your pulse on the town. Yeah. Just like Tom was been Hollywood right in stupid tough pieces about network shows for last month now. And I haven't missed his, he's a crap article ever since he left. I wouldn't read that guy if I wouldn't use his article for toilet paper. But I was female. Keep it handy, okay. Thanks. I want to say about you, there's a great letter to the editor, which you'll find most, here it is, Stanley, Pete Kaplan, and today's hero on the editorial page, Lansky Wrong. Ray, the January 15th, Harold and history item, Myrlansky dies a looting law final time. I'm the attorney who prepared Lansky's will, provided his estate, and was appointed as the trustee of his estate. Lansky died on January 15th, 1983, and not the day later is reported. Neither he nor his widow film of where buried in Jerusalem, their final resting places here in Miami. Your reference to him is the great evidence of organized crime is high purbally that goes back to the hero reporter, Hank Messick in 1970s. Lansky's notorious reputation is a fiction that explains why he was able to laugh off a near lifetime of determined but feudal investigations writes Stanley, Pete Kaplan his attorney in Miami. You find that most amusing? Yeah. Did we amuse use? Well, that's right. You're still pissed off because it's Lansky. I said you better shut up because you won't be speak. So you're just dumbied up. We wanted to be speak, and like that now, because that last guy that called, sticking his nose in it. Although Tom's you could say we're going to be an equal partner on the show and I'd be calling in. This is my wind-dicated from anywhere in the world to do the show. Hey, how you doing everybody? It's a Thursday here's George. Have a great day. I like that. You think Tom might just be some kind of a idiot? I'm starting to think the same way. Why? And local. We're sports video 560C. You a- There's a butt-ass smell. Welcome back to the glittering legendary of the Moja winner, David A. Show. We have a full duck at today. Yeah! Include the gavel cane of our stick-dialet at the lead of yours. You know that tight smoke is still at it. What? Why? Why singing with those songs? Make it fun of me. They make fun of me all the time. I don't know. Why they don't adore me. Yeah, they have everything of the already, Mo. It's a hands-off me, a fairy. You queer? Yeah, Tom jumpa. Real men don't touch. Only during the game. Yes, master. Stay once singing. I'll give them singing. Get on a piano. I'm in there. Okay, Mo. Now, hit it. Back in my day men was straight. The end day is hip today. That's why I care the dollar-raised. She's got slid gays. For those were indeed back then. Don't stop at your moron. What's the matter, Mo? I went fell off again. Okay. All right, where were we? For those were indeed back then. I'll take it from here. The guys that like to worship men. Click, think we won't see. Pull it, nor wailing and not on my game. Didn't mean to suit, brush-taved, didn'tce. Or to tickle, hairy taint. Jesus Christ, I really hate. Jesus Christ, I hate. That's the one we did lucky. That's 33 or 5, 60. We have a little technical problem on our fax machine. So if your fax is like the end of the world is coming or something, we didn't talk about it. Don't get all that out of shape. Because we got to fix up. Big fat holio came in here and he'd like banged on it. And the fax machine too, and just because it's a scared to him. It worked again now. Just imagine all the names of businesses that we probably missed in the last hour and a half. Okay, let's see this some very important ojane who's been beyond chronic. Oh, I know why you hate religious folks, but this guy, yaddy, yaddy, yaddy, yaddy, yaddy. Okay, thanks, James. Well, at least it was like a test to see that it worked. And I work, thank you, Jane, for testing our fax which works. 255 votes on a poll on theorangers.com. What's your take? I'm Broward Electon supervisor Miriam Olafon. She's totally incompetent should be fired 187 over 73%. Who's Miriam Olafon 45? She's the victim of a racist campaign 17, 6.6%. And she's doing a good job six six people. She's doing a good job 2.3%. Disgraceful. Here's Tamarack, hello. Tamarack. Hello. Yes sir. Neil, I think that Miriam Olafon definitely should be fired. Yeah, I think that's what I'm talking about. And the black's always played a race quote. What was the time? Well, that was an first time quote. Okay, thank you. Don't do it again. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound time. We're getting a lot of older folks today. You know, I realize that it's that time of the year. When your bone start to ache wheel bad because it's cold out there. It can be like 36 degrees or a Friday night or a Saturday morning, whatever it is. Gotta be really, really chilly. So bundle up, turn the uh, put some uh logs in the fireplace. You know, Ben right over. Drop a couple of logs in the fireplace. I can do it. Mine does it all the time. Drops logs everywhere. And the fireplace. We don't even have a fireplace. Here's a call from my mind. Don't do that, Neil. I think we need to do that. I think I knocked him off there. I got a pepper pine, hello. Hello. Yes. What did I ever do to you? I wasn't on that left pole. I missed you, Neil. I have no idea who that is. No, do I care. Some chronic, some lunatic. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, you know. It was really very sad. I got a fax from New England Paul. He was upset. He was not the chronic's poor. Then this just goes to show you how desperate people are. It wounds their ego that we don't put them on or something that's really hardly complimentary. That's extraordinarily derogatory. This is basically that these are lifeless assholes who have nothing to do but annoy me and a show any audience who couldn't find a friend in a goddamn pickle patch. In fact, I asked them off how Daring was doing with that fee food from publicsity. Well, if you don't see her today, that's where she's hanging out. Publets? Pickle patch. Here's a fact that says, Danielle and George, the Israeli- isn't a supporting audience. Oh, this is the same, same virulence. We're not interested in hearing about the Jews and the Arabs and the Arabs and the Jews. We'd rather hear about Chris and a rendezvous in a rendezvous in Danny and Danny and Jimmy. And John Grootin and John Grootin and Al-Tavis and Al-Tavis. Don't want to hear any more about that crap. Okay. They've been killing each other for 5,000 years. Why should it be different now? At least if they're not good at least they're consistent. Right? To kind of like our morning numbers. Not good but consistent. Like it. And that will not that consistent either. I wouldn't have minded if he had a three share or something. I need a clock. A 3.0, a 3.1 and a 2.1 and 8 o'clock. Now, see nine o'clock has always been a dead hour on every station. They're always air-be buddy. We work for a try to use me to go stuff they're not a clock hour. Disney did it Bob Green everybody. Try to use me to go stuff they just put out. Nine o'clock is there two hours to the daytime in the radio. Nine o'clock in the morning and six in the evening. Right. There are two of the dead hours. Because they're both on the ass and after drive time. Now, nine o'clock. Let the tech. Let's take a look at six. Hank is a three and he's got a 4.4, 4, 2, a 4, 2 and then a last hour, 3, 8. His lowest number. Why? Because six o'clock is a very tough artifact. We ought to kiss the ground that we got him on here in 6 to 7. It's a bit of a tight time. Everybody's got a one eight. Because of that pantheid droppings. Because there's no Richardson pantheid droppings here. Pantheid is not a one night any interest. Marty have a lot of any plan. He's sitting on my lap. Good check boy. Sorry I called him Canadian. Sorry Marty. Whatever do that again. Two point one and a need a clock. They got to do something to goose up that show in a morning. Maybe like maybe he's wearing a wrong hairpiece that hour. Because Gildi told me that he rotates from one hour to the next. Huh? He just spins it on his head. He has a different piece for each hour to morning. It's like a mood ring. Maybe it's reverse. You wouldn't wear the same mood ring at nine in a morning. You'd wear six in a morning like right after people get enough. So maybe if he would like reverse to mood rings at nine, we might be able to get like at least a three share in there. So we don't have to follow like the next best thing that that air. Come on, Mo. Go stop the number in there. When you're pleased you silly old koot. Give us throw us a number. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey Neil, how are you doing? Great. Did you say your numbers went down when you were Toronto a little better? No. Oh, I don't even know. No, no. See, I don't, you're getting brainwashed by Tom Jick again. Okay. In fact, what do we have? We had a gigantic, the month of November when I was in Toronto. We had a big month. Okay. Let me ask you this. Let me ask you this. Does it sound different when I'm in Toronto doing the show? No, the only thing I was going to say was, I don't want you, when you reach the top down here, the current events, the top. A lot of the stuff. I can't believe George didn't tell you when you'd read it up there. It was like a day later. We already knew what it was about down here. A lot of those articles of stuff. Like the lecture results that I was getting right off the internet was ahead of everybody else in town on it. And they were, it's got a little added already. A lot of them. We knew it already. No, no, no, no. No, no. The sun sent them. They didn't have it already. Because one thing about a newspaper, they print one edition. And so the sun sent them like the Wednesday morning after the primary election. They were, they had nothing because they were still counting the votes. Well, I was reading it off the internet right off the state elections result website. Well, I don't have to worry about anything because I'm not doing bedtime stories anymore. So you don't have to worry about that. Did you want to hear bedtime stories? Yes, I do. Okay. Well, goodbye. What's he talking about? He's trying to suggest that if he's trying to plant a seed again, then if I'm not doing a show from right here, I'm out of touch with what's going on. Like the morning the stuff was going on on alligator rally. And we were talking about it giving out was given a play by play because I was watching on CNN there in Toronto. Just the same way you're watching it right here. And just like the same way I was watching, see an end in Amsterdam. In most cases, not in a 10 cases. You had things on days before they hit the news don't hear. Right. If it was a national article. How about those columns like Marine down that I would read the column on a year one day. And like two days later, which you're up on a local paper is here constantly. Because those are syndicated newspaper columns that they pick up and they put in whatever the hell they feel like it. In addition to which if you really want to know what's going on, go to our website. Carlos is doing a hell of a job in spite of what Eric says, Carlos is doing a damn good job every day. During the week weekend, we can't bother on the weekend. He's busy under the overpass. Trying to clean things up over there. But during the week Monday through Friday, you want to see what's going on. I'll give you an example. I'll go to it right now. Give you a little preview of the stories. The bedtime stories that run theorangers.com. If you don't have a computer, if you can't afford a computer, then certainly you got no business trying to figure out what's going on in the world. Okay. You should be worried about it. Germany won't back attack on Iraq. Northwest Airlines, Palo Reste at LaGuardia, let's have loaded gun and carry on luggage. FBI searches, Saudi families former home nuts to struggle from the Palm Beach Post, which I did read. Because it's damn important to know what I was going on with it. The class president, journalist on WSKM, wrote that he had been admitted to the L.S. A legacy at the Adi Adi Adi Adi. Ken the accuses bush of divisive policies. A abortion battle at the crossroads. Ritter case has ripple effect. He's been accused of molesting underage girls. Scott Ritter. And there you go. And also if you want to go to CNN.com slash wolf, you can see for yourself if you don't believe me. It results in that nationwide poll. They took on CNN yesterday. Worldwide poll excuse me. 75% of Green Morbitz Senator Kennedy's views on Iraq and the Presidents. And it's part of my own political meetings. I guarantee a Senator Kennedy in one of the most popular figures in America are far from it, though. But nevertheless, in this particular case, they're not too hasty to jump in there like suffered consequences. 19 before 11 at 5.60 WQA, are you in need of current assurance? Have you gotten tickets to the past? Or maybe had an accident? If you have bad credit, if you answered yes to any of these things, here's the number you ought to call the strain that all on for you. 1. Triple 8. 506. 7283. That's the number for Florida first insurance. They have the current assurance policy for everyone regardless of your past record. They have load on payments. You get the current insurance. You need for as little as 35 bucks per month. Call them now tool free at 1. Triple 8. 506. 7283. Florida first insurance offers free quotes. Their family owned an operated with years of experience. You deserve the current insurance. You need for you to call them now. 1. Triple 8. 506. 7283. If you need home, life, health or commercial insurance, Florida first insurance can get you covered. And right now is a special promotion. Stop by any Florida first insurance location. Get a quote and you receive two free casino cruise passes. Compliments allows biggest dollar marketing. A $60 value. Absolutely positive to free. That's right. Call 1. Triple 8. 506. 7283. Get a current insurance quote from Florida first insurance. And get yourself two free casino cruise passes at the same time. Don't forget no matter what your car history record is. You have to call 1. Triple 8. 506. 7283. That's Florida first insurance for all your car insurance needs. 1. 88. 85. 506. 7283. My wife and local. This is sports radio by 62. You weigh 2. Yeah. Oh, are O.N. You call that a penis? I went through the sausage party. I wasn't bad at the priest. He said, come with me. I have some friends to see back in the bread, Dury. When we got to the sausage party, there were some other priests in the book. Then he dropped his pants and said, Did he have good land? Your face I want a stuff. And I realized now. I didn't do very well. You see, because the priest couldn't get all so It had to be some sense. 1. 88. 1. 88. 1. 88. 1. 88. 1. 88. 1. 88. Then the priest at the sausage party said, have faith some try it again. He did my hand and he said that me. He tried it on the stand. He said, there's something I must remind you before you give it another chance. The holy man who wrote the Bible, Words, where it didn't pass. Now I'm all right now. I can do that very well. It's good that I can please anyone. And I won't go to hell. It's a 12 to 11 at 5, 16, nobody came. So anyway, so we had two faxes on this. Obviously from the same person. New year, this is shocking. Yet shocking that anybody would put it in on their website. This crap from the self-hating mag grudge, from the grudge report. I really believe that he's a cross between gay and gohuber and right-clone, the worst of both. I mean talk about self-hating. He puts under this morning, which already it's him. magazine 25% of new HIV infected gay men saw not virus his San friend health official. Right. Who would believe that? Nobody. Nobody in their right mind or said, I think he'll be real good. Miss Grudge at the Agast chambers. You know, he can stoke up the ovens. I think he'll be real good at that. Sorry, Lynn, but that's just the way it is. There's one that says, please ask George of he saw meet my folks last night at NBC. No. He didn't see that meet. No. My folks? No. There was a hot tub scene with a 7-4 girls. Now hold us a son. I don't know. Oh, sure. He took turns kissing all of them and the girls took turns kissing each other right up George's alley. It's a fool. Sorry, he said that. I'm sorry, but he doesn't leave her number. David. Ow. Meet my son. Maybe that was on. I certainly hope was not between nine and ten when the rest of us were watching smallville. Probably the greatest episode in history that show is outstanding. I can't believe that you asked me about the key. Like why do they keep going back to me? Well, because they did that already. But the key, the other thing. They've been searching for it and now she's fine. And she's looking into the flower sign. I see that. Now next time they go to meet some of them. Cranberry muffins that she makes. You know, I sure hope it's not. John Schneider that gates the one. It's got the key in it. I thought it could be a little dark. You know, it'll just roll off his back like so much crap. Right? Right. John Schneider, but it's in that. Then he'll really look bad when he looks in the mirror. And now he just he's got real sour. In fact, she is two. Mom is getting sour too. Did you see the previews? Yeah. Like about how he's got a lot of luck. We kind of like a super spy. He's going to continue working for old man Luther Lionel because, you know, he's going to find out what the ruptu. Now that they know they had to file on Clark. And now that Lex has turned for the dark side. Oh. Freaky Lex. Let's see. Here's one says you can have that. Good. I'll take Canadian Jamie, London Mark. I don't know who that is. Check them out at this site. Check them out at this site. Hosted by Go Leafs. Girl. No less. Well, I don't know what that is. Scored to find the rule last night's five nothing route of the Isles. He had a range of solos and looked up last night. Anybody want to talk some hockey? No. I'm sorry. Leafs lost. That's not. Can't win them all. Here's one. It's. Now this is an interesting fact that says from one of our very, very chronic, but, uh, knowledgeable factors. You see how I do that chronic, but knowledgeable as opposed to chronic, but pain in the ass. I mean chronic doesn't necessarily imply bad. Right? Right. It means. Obsessive. Readletless. It says Neil. I don't give a shmit about what's going on in South Florida. I don't think that 90% of your honest does it. See this guy that called me for he gave me that same crap, uh, while back. Same. Same. He called me that with. Oh, did I hear you say that your numbers dropped when you were out right? Where did that come from? That's a call to make a point. He's trying to suggest that somehow because I'm not doing to show here all year long. I'm out of touch with what's going on. What did you ever say? I came back here. I asked everybody what did I miss and the air, everyone, including you said, not a guy damn thing. Nothing. Nothing. And I was searching. I didn't want to say nothing. I was searching hard for something to tell you. Nothing. And everybody told me exactly the same thing. In addition to which don't these people think that almost every day, I'm talking to people down here on the phone. Whether I went to Ronald, I'm stood on wherever I'm alive. They had these amazing things called telephones and satellite dishes and the internet and the hour and a half pre-show confab that we have every morning here where we're right. Exactly. You could date on that. That's what happened. 730 every morning. Georgian, I start confabulating. Because I hear I'm listening to Moe in the background while I'm checking out what's going on in the world. And I want to send out here. And that's the end of the morning. I feel so much better already. Because I don't hear that sound anymore. I don't hear that either. And then we start talking about what's going on over there. And then we start gossiping about this one. Did this and this one's an asshole and good stuff like that. So I'm not missing anything. As far as missing anything inside the building. Listen, I can't handle this with a food. Okay? Being forced that food by a bunch of food, pushers, including Mr. Fat, fat boy himself. And what am I always told you, fat people want other fat people to continue being fat. They want you to fail. Maybe because it makes them feel better about themselves to kill you before he goes. It's just like me in the deserted Pompano Park in front of Fat Rich. And I don't want him to fail. I want him to succeed. I want to stay alive. He's stealing the rules by the way. You people at Pompano Park. If you don't stop bringing Fat Rich rules, I'm going to have. I'm going to put a demonstration on air like you never saw in your life. I'm going to pull a Tommy win in jump right out of the sulky. Right there. I'm going to jump over to right over this railing. I'm going to the floor. And then sue you guys for a faulty railing for about 50 grand. Seriously, stop bringing a man rules. My friend Derek, he pulled aside away just don't bring him any rules he's dying of. And then here comes the bus boy. Here you go, fat rich here. And here's enough rules to fill the guy in Chinese army's ass. He's got his own rules. He's got rules. He's got jelly rolls. He's got rolls. He's got rolls. Roy sitting outside. Who's rules with that down? There's a more. What kind of car was that I saw? Wasn't a rules, but who's fancy? Car was that? Maybe what's that? No, that parks in there backwards and like where Philos usually parks? Perhaps. Oh, it's a good thing for him. She's on vacation. The water Nazi shows up here and finds him in her parking spot. Man, she'll she'll kick his ass sideways. Uh-huh. I don't want to think about it. She'll lock his wig right off the cow across county line road. Anyway, it says, did you have it a catch American idol? No, no. If not, you really missed a racist comment by Twinkie host after this Asian guy saying a song the host asked him if he knows kung fu. I know this is not a huge deal in the scheme of things, but it pissed me off. He would never ask a black guy if he wanted white women. He'd never ask a Latin man if he loved cockfighting. Why is it okay to use generalizations about Asians? I'm fired up and pissed off at Soyten and I love you Neo. From one of our chronic factors. Do you think he's got a good point? No, no. A totally. That's a TV show. It's all. It's all orchestrated. Reality TV. Reality TV. Anybody that believes that crap. Look at back soulwreck scandal. She'd do with this guy at least twice before. Trista already knew Russell before the show. All of these. It's all fake. So a million air exposed. This is in the star this week. The shocking gay scandal. His lifelong illness in my women hate him like poison. And Rik's pills and boo's shocker. I'll get to that. Especially the last part there. And here's the picture Rik with Anna Cornoholia. Ha ha ha. And Rik with that. Who's she going to be dating next? Charles Nelson Riley? John J. Jim J. Block. Well, hopefully the most name is. What he comes in to do the show. Oh, keep her busy. Who Nelson? 560560. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. 310 votes on a pool 74% of the people think Merimol events totally and commented should be fired. Only 6.5% think that she's victim of a racist campaign, which is the silliest crap I've ever heard in my life. Downright embarrassing. So I don't people realize sometimes that there are actions and that there's statements. Make them look so ridiculous. People that are striving desperately to gain some credibility and support. And they say and do things that just make them appear to be so one dimensional and so blind to reality. Don't confuse this with a fast word being picked on that kind of crap. I'm tired of that crap. And guess what? So is most everybody else too. 1056 at 560WQM. Let me tell you about a place where they don't have any controversy. And that's the world famous pizza lock. The only difficult choices over there are which kind of pizza you're going to get. You're going to get the Fugasa extra spicy pizza. The thickest city ono. Are you going to get the original New York Fin style pizza? And of course the garlic rolls are so good. You might want to pop about a dozen of those in your post. Don't forget to eat order some extra things. Spend a lot of money over there because now that we got the rumors eaten there free forever. Jeff is the need that he's going to have to compensate for that shortfall. And leave extra tips too because guess what? Rumors always got only the butterflies in a wallet. That's a true stir act with yesterday. He actually apologized to me on the phone yesterday for not having any money on him today that we ate there a couple of weeks ago. And I had to leave the tip. Which I don't mind leaving the tip. It's just that I mean after a while it gets to be. How can you make so much money and not have any? He's got to save up for it. Don't you understand you're not a sports fan. There will be no 2,45 season. So there's this year and then next season then there's going to be a whole season and I got to play because they're going to have a. The collective bargaining agreement ends. So he's going to have a whole year. In fact, you're probably going to have to like take up a collection and go to his house and feed him too. He's got a beautiful TV. So of course, that'll probably be gone by then. That HD TV. He'll probably have to pawn that. Anyway, so get anything you want to pizza. A lot of that get two three extra portions. Because Jeff needs your money badly. Two locations for it to work for him is pizza law. Everything is fried delicious. The portions are big and the prices are still tiny. You can afford to go over there. Really go nuts. They got chicken and field dishes seafood. Calzone super subs. Like I said, the garlic rolls are so delicious. You'd want to just jump into a bathtub full of them. And of course, you got like I said, the location in baby university. Drab it to grow then 595. Right behind pure one imports 9 5 4 9 1 6 88 80 for takeout for delivery for catering with status to finish job up. And a brand new pizza law in plantation. Which you can't see from the streets. So we're going to really give them like an extra plug because it's just as good as the other one of the food is the same. The service and the prices just as fantastic. 3a 2 99 you'll find it right behind Walgreens and a little shop a strip shopping Center on Robert Navajo and sunrise on the corner. Right behind Walgreens where I'm shopping again. Okay. I'm like I said, I'm not going to base my life based on everybody else's problems. Okay. I like that Walgreens. They treat me fine. I've been going here for a long time. Practically since they open. I'm going here and right behind it is pizza law. Anyway. And if I'm lucky enough I'll drive by and away out of there and maybe Jeff will throw a couple of garlic rolls through the window. Something like that. The world famous pizza law in plantation and in David. And look home. This is sports radio 560. 2 a 2 a 2 a 1. 4 4 4 4 If anybody has a opinion. This thing from our way. We'll place your name in Buda City. Stop. And pin to me out the stay. Don't even talk about who quads. You're just panicking. Don't pay. Everybody's turning. Places you assay. In the asap is a. We're watching all of you. Everyone comes up to us. We have. So much. What you. You. This is for the. And under you find. Who. Who. Who. In Buda land. That's really. And Common. le to have been here nothing like in the same role. Good faith in someone for They are robin, teeny bush, spit new Back past you as they We don't see our job Dome! We're pettinginos, ghouls We're facenating buy chain Dome Don't meet Note 2, synth Glad we met Flame report The playscenes What snacks the barrack in lose There's a number of three of five, 60, and nobody can have 10 pots who leaves his name office for now, but it's very obvious. Maybe I'll get like a new thing heading. Does he really think he's full of us? Tim pots? Your chronic exam, your chronic, give you some help, okay? He says if your PD had a brain, first of all, PD doesn't decide about these schedules, our PD is like an ice kid who's like a figurehead. He would put mad dog on 6 to 10, and I'm talking about clearance, not Muff. Muff is not a figurehead. He's, well, the head part, maybe. He'd put mad dog on 6 to 10, you tend to do a number two to six. I think mad dog would be greatly in free, even better than when he had written such. It says, please no Paul and Ron, those guys are terrible. The only good thing that would come from having Paul and Ron on QM is that Zeta would stair play music in the morning, I'd say. There you go, and then of course you wouldn't be listening to us, so we want to have that Tim, since you are so chronic. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon, wireless line. You were going with this time, just remember back to those days. We had Ron Hershey running up and down the hallway there. Carolyn spinning around in that chair, wondering what she was doing in there. Oh boy. Everybody talking about default in his ankle bracelet. And here we are now. A year later. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. I'm just trying to let my brain settle a little bit after thinking back to all of these things. Here's a call from Pembroke Park, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Yes, you're pretty good. I have a question for you. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coerorium. Coer curator. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. Coeratorium. See, I mean David Lehi at Dave County had been doing the thing for a very long time and a very poor job of it. He was pressured in a resigning. I don't see any white people marching in the county saying, All it was a racial thing. David Lehi was white. He was an Anglo there for he was forced to resign. He was incompetent. Same thing in Broward. No different. And when I take that back, she's more incompetent. He just couldn't count the votes right. He couldn't get it done right. At least Dave and I have all those, all that money missing. That people can't account for. How much is, let's give her another 3.5 million. What do you say? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. Let's call her sister. Maybe she can give us the answer. Huh? I like her. She's a piece of work. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes. Good morning. Yes. When is this? Okay. A couple of quick points. A meriam oliphon. I can't vote on the poll, but definitely she's doing a terrible job. I have a reason why. Because my mom got blessed with the cheese and alpaca. He runs one of the polling places. She's saying, right? And she shouldn't really be there. If I don't come to the end of the night to help a close up and you know, close the boxes and put the the class on and everything. Right. She couldn't do it even with all the other old folks around her. Yeah. You know, I'm curious. I realize that the state is run by old thoughts, but where is it written in the law that you must be over the age of a hundred to be a pull worker? Why is that necessary? Yeah. And another thing with that, I really truly believe that this whole thing with all the font and bush now is being orchestrated a little for them off up in Washington. Because like you said, they want the 90 feet bush one two and for absolutely. Absolutely. I think Carl Robe is behind this because I don't think Jeb could decide and really got me sick to my stomach when this Josephus Eggleton, the other commissioner. Right. They gave them a standing ovation with bush. And I really think that's Martin Luther King would be spinning in his grave to have bush compared with them when they preach it. Put up and say that bush is the same as uh, Yeah. King because he dares to be different. You know, it's getting a little ridiculous. People look at things along color lines as you wish as lack as this fact. We're all in the same boat together. It really takes a lot of intelligence to do that too. It really takes a thoughtful approach as a poise of just, you know, sitting down and looking at the job somebody has done regardless of all those other. Centetic artificial considerations that have nothing to do with anything. Well, I mean, I really believe that there are no black people are incompetent. That there are no Hispanic people are incompetent. If somebody can't do the job to get especially something as important as elections, then we've got to be removed. Well, let's not happening here and uh, you want a few voices out there that speak the truth. And I don't know if you read this already. If you did this is one of your bedtime stories. It was probably in Monday's times. But did you read William Sapphire? Old truck buses now trust trucks? No. Well, just real quick, you're talking about you won't fall in a movie nominated for an Oscar with a heroin fighting to expose the dominance of media conglomerates and the distribution event. You won't find television magazine programs fairly explicitly exposing the broadcast. Oh, we had that. Yeah, we did have that. We had the article on our website. Okay. I'm just saying because I just noticed that, you know, in yesterday's uh, Yeah, we put on that. But it's just amazing. 96 or 115 stations. And now two of those old out of 1400s. Right. That's why we're not getting anything. I'm glad to. Thank you. Have a great day. Yeah, we had that on our website on neo-roggies.com. See, I'd be a lot happier, but of course most people don't read newspapers or what we do read the stories on our website. But we got some damn good stuff on our everyday. Now, granted, you can go to like a million other websites and find those things. But that's what we saved the probably, uh, time and effort of doing. Right. It's a nice collection. Good stuff, which is geared toward the majority of our audience who are hopefully living in reading people with a viewpoint that somewhere slightly to the left of it till the hunt. And you don't have to get ink all over your fingers. Exactly. Or go out and stuff on a street corner and run into somebody and knock them over why you're trying to buy a newspaper. It's time at a tap. You're loving it over. Because then, but this is a tie. I feel maybe it's still a effect of that must be the rugalach. The sugar rush. I find out how to make the show go by real fan. A little sugar rush, man. Do the sugar shock and routine. Of course, I get home. I blood sugar speed 50, but nevertheless. Oh, and look at that. What the hell is that all about? It's a fire alarm. The fire alarm is on the evacuate. Or it just went off to stop. This, this place is unbelievable. There was a lady from FedEx or airborne express one of those, uh, brought a package for Carlos Frikey Carlisier today's I was leaving. And she punched the button for the elevator. And I said to her, I said, hold your breath, you know, because, uh, and we got in the elevator. I said, you see the permit that's on there. I wonder how much it cost to, you know, how much they've had to pay these people off to get the permit and elevator. There is nothing in this building that works. We do. We just had a momentary, a fart on the, uh, fire alarm. Now, see the light was flashing in there. Everything. I thought somebody just got a goal. Hey, there's somebody just scored a goal or the periods over or it's time for a break. Maybe that's going to be the new thing. If we don't do the breaking exactly on time. Maybe the water Nazis outside would have button it. Oh, there it goes again. See? Told ya. Let's evacuate. It's just talk. As soon as you went, it's just talk. Ten past eleven and five, or maybe that was a message to try to wake up Todd Dreck. And let her, we need the right copy for fast rain. That will work. He's oblivious, okay? And around here they call him oblivious Newton John. Totally oblivious. Where there's no feeling, there's no pain. All you guys out there if you're sick and tired of working. Really crappy that end job and how that the new year is in full swing. Do yourself a big favor for the new year and for the rest of your life. And get you a great job in a computer industry. That's right. A high pain computer job. And how do you do that? You get trained as fast train. Fast train has got locations all over town. You find them in Pemberpines and Kendall. I mean, for a lot of Dale and make two thousand three say, I mean, this, this is useless. Okay. In fact, if Todd Dreck don't get us the right copy to Marm just crossing it out. Because this, these people are good friends of ours. There's no way we're going to charge them. We don't have the right copy for fast rain. Because Todd rest just an asshole. That's all. He's just an asshole. I want to waste job. And nobody to building a make him do his job. He's just a little piece of crap that I wouldn't send up to represent the goddamn tidy bull man. Anyway, if you're overworked, if you're in a dead end job, if you're working for some real schmuck who keeps destroying everything around him like here. Pick up that phone and call fast rain toll free. Just for a short months, you can be certified and ready for a dream job, a high pain job, and the fast growing computer industry call 866 fast rain. That's toll free. 1 866 fast rain. For more check them out on the web. If you like it fast rain.com, fast trains, self loaders, leader and computer training. My record local, this is my 60's. The reason for yours. You ain't that cute. That's two sets of lips. Here's the story about Sammy. Hitman for the family. Now this right thing made you time. For a stupid, stupid crime. Learn a table about a waste gots rain. Now he's facing time for silly. Poor frackers, silent name for. They need a bed for Sammy's phone. Unless the college gets to sell you a drug. Never thought that they would play the hard part. But the fed are rallying, slip the wall. Overall the eyes have Sammy's phone. Sting and blind to the protection plan. If anything's funny, five years of a care, you're just as gone, you don't have any pull. I still have me to fall. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, I guess the system finally won. They got you for silly, no. Sting and me. Just goes out the soul. You'll be popular with friends that I have looked out. Or they like you and me won't go out. Back home. For the sales from way of the kid. I do yours by my semi. I'm 17 at 560 WCM. A lot of response on that suggestion. I thought I had the magic format right there. I love it. Moan, guilty. Six to nine such as it is. Mad dog nine to 11. Yours truly, we're due to show 11 to three. Hank, three to seven and a rest, you know. According to a royal. That's nice. I think it makes a lot of sense to me. I think as usual, not that anybody listening to me, including the audience. I think right there, that's the solution to our dilemma. I think that's the solution to me. I think that's the solution to me. I think that's the solution to me. I think that's the solution to me. I think that's the solution to me. I think that's the solution to me. I think that's the solution to me. I think that's the solution to me. I think that's the solution to me. I think that's the solution to me. I think that's the solution to me. I think that's the solution to me. I think that's the solution to me. I think that's the solution to me. I think that's the solution to me. I think that's the solution to me. I think that's the solution to me. I think that's the solution to me. I think that's the solution to me. I think that's the solution to me. Whoever. They'll listen to them. Sunny Fox. If they like Sunny Fox, these aren't short waves somewhere, they'll listen to them. Is he going to short wave? Auditing. But you don't get on the sand? Yeah. I can't force speed and sight for it off. All this other crap. You got what you got. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. What is it? Hey, man. I called for some information. Yeah. Hey, about champion light. Haven't heard spots for that. Yeah. Well, go. Well, why should I call him up and see why not crawl up. P.D. Lennon. See why you have it. He's spots. Here's a lady in sunrise, huh? Leave you in sunrise is gone. You had her on her for about an hour and a half. Twice. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. Hi. Sharon. Let me say this to you. Okay. Sharon. I don't want to be rude. But I have tried to help you as much as I possibly can. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. And we have a radio show to do here. Sharon, I'm a dog lover. Greatly as you know, I've done as much as I possibly can. But I think that if we're going to carry this on every day, it's going to become ridiculous. No, it's not going to be every day. I do it. We just brought you pictures of the puppies being treated in the hospital. Right. I did have to take them back home to treat them at home because the funding ran out. Right. And they still, they still need a little more medical attention. Oh, we dropped the pictures off to you yesterday. Uh-huh. Not yet. Not yet. Mm-hmm. Okay. I really am sorry. Okay, Sharon. Go to it again. Thank you. Okay. Am I wrong? No. We talked about it. I mean, I just, I don't want to sound insensitive, but I'm doing a radio show here. I'm very, very sensitive to that thing. And I do my damnedest to try to help because I'm a dog lover. But it just reaches the point. I mean, how much more are I going to do it out? Or are you going to do it out? And especially your case. And the, and the fire alarm continues going off here. Is anybody going to let us know what the hell is going on? Are they testing it? Are they dealing with it? Are they dicking with it? Haven't they paid off the fire inspector? Because they had to pay off the elevator inspector first? I mean, would somebody please tell us what is going on in this joint? You think anybody's going to tell us? No, who the hell are you? A good point. That's another thing. At least in Toronto, we don't have all these fire. Oh, okay. See, when we got a fire alarm in my building up there, it's not of this pansy business like here. Sounds like the world is kind of coming. Sounds like those alerts they had during WWW 2 in Britain. Loud screaming screeching, sirens, and just sit there, you know, money your business. Assuming that probably is just a false alarm, and if not, you did anyway. 5, 6, 7, I'm going to get to the Enrique. Still, let me forget that because it involves your favorite Anacornal holia with her tree trunk. Or uncirchis being neglected by him. Well, he claims fire wanted to hit my head on it. Oh, he's wearing kind of like a lovely little. What do you want me to call a schmatam is it? Hey, if I hear rivals, they'd you leave her in Yamaka. That's the don't forget that's one of the great websites of all time. I saw that somewhere on TV. If they were on MSNBC was cute. What is it called? Beanie mayor. Joe Beanie Mac. Joe Beanie.com. Nah, that's not it. I got to hear somewhere. I hope I didn't touch Mac can at. I'll find it. It's a lovely thing. Joe Mama. Joe Mama. No, seriously, what was it? It was Joe Beanie.com. I do believe Joe Beanie. Go check it out. You put that Sharon on again from where we're shooting. It's over there. I'm just going to put around one more time. How's the beast doing? Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, okay. You doing, ma'am? Okay. Just got two issues I wanted to talk about. First one is I was really upset with Pepsi last night. I thought I'd do about to do a new commercial with the eyes. What happened to like the eyes? I know. My issue with them is how are you going to give me a little crisp for the things that he says, but it's okay for all the insurance and all the things that they say. Yeah. What's better about setting, but she always said it's a racial thing. Is that what you're saying? No, no, no. I'm a brother. But I almost get down on our racial stuff. I think the thing being modified should be out. You know, I'm not going to let her out. I'm glad to think and I'm not going to ask you about what. I want some of them that I can idle to on the small real commercial stuff like that. But what does she want to understand? You know, like, I respect you as a gay man. And you know, you're a man and you don't go through that slam boy and stuff. What does it be? What are all these people trying to be so flamboyant? You don't have to be gay to be. I mean, you don't have to be flamboyant like that to be gay. Yeah. And it's really an early and it's really an early and it's really an early. Well, what do you mean it's unnerving? It's scary you that maybe they're going to come in prance in your living room or something? No, no, no. This is bothersome because you know, what they do is they potentially have a bad staring at like, a gay man is like for you, you know, like it's like, you know, to be gay. And I agree with you. You're not arguing with me. I have no stomach for that. I'm extended to the audience. I mean, I don't, you know, and unfortunately to me, unfortunately, is this a lot of brothers that do this like, you don't have to go through all that. A lot of brothers that do what? That prance? Like you were a little richer. I'm a little richer, yeah. Exactly. It's like you don't have to do that to be gay. I mean, just, you know, to do your thing. Well, we got freaky Carlos out here at the reception desk. Maybe he'll explain it to you. Yeah. Have a great day, amigo. Hey, you two. Bye bye. I think he's got a good point. But nevertheless, in fact, it's interesting you should mention that because one of the fact mags either the advocate or out magazine, which I just got yesterday. There was a whole article about that encouraging people to be what they are. In other words, if you're flamboyant and that's you, and you're but I just don't have a stomach for you. You go, girlfriend. No. Just like when I go out there and he's talking to me about Susan Luchi, Kuji, Kuji, and about Tammy, and he's, you know, I just, I don't have room in my life. A little thing that you can help is. Can they help it? No. No. No. I can't. It's just them. It's just like it's like JJ Walker on good times. You know, it's just him. Well, I see you're laughing. What's good for, right? Right. I mean, does he represent a good image for black people? I don't think so. In fact, you know, seriously, stop and think about it. Here it's 2003 and look at most of the black characters on Sipcams and the movies. The most of the black people are represented represent good upstanding. I mean, you got people like, uh, oh, some of the great black actors like, uh, what's the potty? No, no, no, no, not talking about ancient history. I'm talking about now. Densel. Densel Washington. What's the other guy? That's really good. The older guy. That's in all the cap. Well, we see always plays a game. Yeah. Yeah. There's another one. He's an older guy in top. Right. But I mean, those are guys who like represent a something that you couldn't admire. And they're just more good. Just people, more more good Freeman. That's what I'm thinking about. Very good. Right. He's a great actor. Yeah. He's just a good guy. He doesn't have any special affectations. He doesn't do an Amos and Andy dance or shuffle or in that crap. Right. And that's why the stuff with these NFL players. I don't see some people don't realize people are laughing at them. They're not laughing with them. So when these guys do all of that crap in the end zone and they're doing all this, I mean, man, that's just, I mean, they're just for people when they start doing that crap. That is the ugliest stereotype. Yeah. You don't think? Yeah, but I don't watch it. So I don't care. And I'm out. What do you see? This is the problem. You live in such a narrow sheltered world for twice a day. I don't watch a jock stuff. Not the whole world lives in Hollywood floor with a bunch of old Cockers, man. Good. And if she calls me about some old Cockers, Commissioners, Fang, let's, you know. Seriously, I feel bad, because I wish I was like independent and wealthy. I write a word check for $10,000. Say here, whatever you need for these dogs, whatever is left over, keeping for the next batch, you know. That's much the kinda worms that this could be opening. Because if we can. Well, nobody, it's it just continues to, it to go on, and on I mean, how, don't you find it to be a little bit insensitive? Not to know how to stop pushing, like the Cs and that record, your pushing too hard. How lot than delighted to help. you know a generous thing and so did you for a slipper like you but that's that's as much as we can do And am I supposed to feel guilty that you know they're gonna be puppies that are gonna die You're gonna be for all we people that are gonna die because they're starving to death four hours every day referring people to the needy Giving them the attention that they need dogs What are you talking about if we humor it all every one of those calls that will be is that what we're doing starting next week? Okay, I thought we're talking about our morning show talking about needy As they're needing some listeners there's a charity to one a 2.1 charity to clock I'd be I'd be wailing all over town too. I don't I mean you don't have everywhere Even just the strangers I'd walk up to people in the mall. What am I gonna do we got a two one? It like that you know when you Oh Man, I'd be like real nervous especially if I was married and had like a little kid Or two little kids One thing so little anymore. How she doing by the way. She's great. She's like that's right. Look how we're doing. Yeah Not the other one She's oh and by the way channel four news, which I must admit I'm stuck on watching channel four news nobody else though somebody's got to I really enjoyed except for Elliot Rodriguez, but They had another story on about this lawyer in the gables that's Was filing a lawsuit for custody suit for this Rayleigh and baby that doesn't exist and Luckily nobody else in the meeting got sucked in that you people a channel four I enjoy your news for some strange reason I like Steve Wolford and a chick that's out with them, but and I love Bob so poor our good close friend I mean we're gonna put up with a weather fairy, but I mean come on Come on enough Rayleigh and stories already okay We're getting ready to blow up the whole goddamn world and there's still no stories on the Rayleigh and And they collade people and they cut off your nuts people and they putting people Hey, are you in need of car insurance if you got tickets in the past or maybe had an accident Uh-huh, yeah, bad credit Well if you answer yes to any of these things that here's the number you ought to be calling one triple eight five O six seventy two eighty three that's the number four Florida first insurance They have the car insurance policy plan for everybody regardless of your past record They've got a low-down payments. You get the car insurance and need for his little is 35 bucks a month Call them right now one eight eight five O six seventy two eighty three Florida first insurance offers free quotes their family one and operated they've been around doing it right by people You deserve the car insurance you need so call them now one triple eight five O six seventy two eighty three if you need an insurance for your home life insurance health or commercial insurance Florida first insurance can get you covered and right now is a special promotion Stop by any Florida first insurance location get a quote and you receive two free casino cruise passes Compliments of Las Vegas dog marketing a sixty dollar value absolutely free by the way for that guy to call me for I'm in Toronto Freeze in my ass off. That's right call one triple eight five O six seventy two eighty three to get car insurance quote from Florida first insurance to get two free casino cruise passes That'll only be my double be at the hockey game tonight So don't forget no matter what your car history record is call one triple eight five O six seventy two eighty three that's Florida first insurance for all your car insurance needs column now one triple eight 506 seventy two eighty three I We're supposed to be a five six UAM Yeah Tonight on NBC from the creators of Smallville comes a new series where the men are a little more manly and the women are a little bit more satisfied Mediumville and I'm gonna be straight up with you. I am very attracted to you You know what say we a Gervent in a bedroom well, I guess mediumville the new TV series about the average guy with average dreams and an average life Followed by hugeville where the men are men and the women are jelly Martha I gotta tell you something I love you Well, I get oh my god mediumville Tuesdays at nine followed by hugeville on NBC's must see 2700 that five 60 WQAM 3080 votes on a pool today. What's your take on Broward Lester supervisor Miriam all of She's totally incompetent should be fire 285 74.4 percent who was Miriam all of fan 62 people 16% of the audience said who how that is She's the victim of a racist campaign 26 people 6.7% said that nonsense her Lancer and 10 people since she's doing a good job 2.6% the new to good job They probably live in Stuart and Reke's pills and boo is shocker. This is from the inquired the global I said Nice picture and Reke by the way. That's head gear Pop star and Reke aglaces is a heart-throbbed a million's a teenage girls makes bottles of bucks and dates 60 tennis queen and a coronahoya But all he does is wine and belly ache about how lousy his life is Amazing really 27 year old singer claims he's so wound up he takes sleeping pills with a beer just as news say reports I don't relax and I can't sleep he reportedly says I have to take sleeping pills which I swallow with a beer to even get in the couple of hours of sleep he swallows it most of his problems in Mickey claims are linked to his dad Julio No kind of our holio here who happens to be a really good guy No our linked to his dad Julio the 59 year old Kruna was practically a god in Spain and Latin America And Reke says he's only spoken with father twice in the past seven years He bitterly complains that Julio was worth an estimated $500 million Was a cheap skate with him when he was growing up and never let it a figure to help him with his career In Spain if you have the aglaces name they put you down as a spoiled rich kid he complains but my father's never given me a Single penny Long history though. I went to a rich kid school and Miami that the kids drove Mercedes or Porsche's I had a crummy car Oh, I got an extra corvette in Reke And even though his dad owns a private jet in Reke says he had to fly coach when he traveled Later when he went to LA to kick off his singing career. I didn't have any money. He says I had to stay with a friend Even now the hard-bodied hunk Says even now the hard-bodied hunk Says his music is this popular as it could be in puppies where his dad is worshiped I trump and countries where nobody cares who my family as he says And while in Mickey's fans believe he knows is a glamour a sexy life and as a romance with blonde bombshell Anna He says the image is a sham now we're getting closer to the truth. Yeah, are we believe in this? You were already I feel very lonely. He says my friends get all the girls low-mothers and success go together. He said Get let's something out You can't think for shit Are you gonna start it on my friend and Mickey again? I'll never get another autographed CD if you keep that up He loves me. He hates you. Yeah. He's out of your Cubans man. He's into those spaniards Fine, but He's lonely. Maybe he'd like to come over here and I'll help him out. That'll help Anna She and interested in what you got okay, Mr. she and interested. We Shannon back. I think she'd like Shannon a lot And you can watch Maybe I could help You're out George 567.0560 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line what you want to see on TV Joe millionaire exposed says the star The shocking gay scandal his lifelong illicit why women hate him like poison just like the way mo uh Mo was hated by what's his name fan Hank? See out of sight out of mind he's in San Diego And put it he get fat. It says you want reality star has the real inside story on Joe millionaire Hotty Evan Mirriot why is everybody a hotty that's on television? He's about as hot as last year's uh pancakes And it's why are there anything you'll see on a hitbox series these six foot five hunk hasn't been honest with the girls buying for his hand on the show they think he's a millionaire But in real life he's a construction worker in an underwear model all of their others There is another tabloid saying that's all a sham to an easy really loaded right Probably loaded with crap He's also kept in dark about the fiery temper and attention deficit disorder Then made him a hell razor in school and the fact that he's vetted more women than surta and seely posture pita combined Maybe we can get him a new dial mattress But that's not all about the 20 year old that isn't being straight about buff Evan is a pin-up boy for gay men who have flooded On the internet without rage is claims that he worked as a gay escort and advertising gay publications is a messure Start us know if the gay rumors are true or not, but at one anonymous man on internet site that caters to gaze Says he and Evan had sex at a party in LA over a year ago another one claims I had sex with him He also went was with a Latino guy. How do you like that? You know it's probably spreading these rumors? Oh, we're fine Dan Stewart Who said that Josh Moore was gonna be sitting naked across for me any minute now We haven't seen him yet. Plus you got married since then has got about 16 kids just to prove he's straight You know, it's that that always happens to these these celebrities who are always little bit suspect. You know like Roblo Tom Cruise Josh Moro they get married very just all of a abruptly like in the middle of the day like you know one 30 on a weekday when nobody's around They're married and all of a sudden like by the end of the week they got six kids Even Rosie and that bitch don't have as many as kids as they got That's an old Bill Clinton after a secret orgy with a baby of your own models Haha, I don't know what they'll she want look for that picture. He'll be right there huh. Look at that picture Well that ain't the ice process right there with anybody with a brain touch that piece of crying person is making Bill Clinton and sex therapy it says in the inquire were only in the inquire no less and exclusive Let's hear it with an actually like choir, which we love like crazy Privateized bus price every time do what I'm doing and like everybody I know does really For David's a bitch Don't go Don't go Don't go Don't go Don't go Don't go Oh Hey, some mouthful Of the sausage and horse Hey, pants That pipe smoker ran on circumcised cube You will bend in case you're the fatality I'm a crazy homophobic Not that I might have put on way too old I bet the size about fear and death Did it in a twist with feet learned my man friend little bit I'll just make up with jitters of things And then ask them to break my buns Oh, there's no more again Though I would not feel for more spoon No, and I would not be ashamed About a ginger and more gay union Just hold him and stroke in a way Boy, they kill me your not my type Just sounds like a nine year old kid And only a macho milky You don't know this That makes me flip my wig If ginger was a lover of mine I'd bury my oldest baby now Inside is simply rare and No, I would not feel a sport old If I was not a closet of faith That's why your ginger and more gay union Would make me feel dizzy in gay Everybody follow my thousand balls Yeah, ginger and more gay union That would make my sorrow pony ass kill safe If we had a ginger and more gay union Then he wouldn't have to get me raped It's 13 to 11 at 5.60 WDQAM All of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty only eighteen t and Verizon wireless line wait to regasio's billboards in a few weeks to its end then we're gonna be moving around the corner right now it's a series progress course might have to postpone us for a while because now that we got all these program changes you know all these moving around here's Miami hello sir I could listen to those mobots all day long yeah that's book of Ryan's best for let me ask you maybe that's an idea for a format all mow all day the moment here the moment we like it well let me ask you this wouldn't it be cool to set those mobots to animation yeah that would be funny like I wish you need to be like with a hair a hairpiece of footing from one side of the other I can see that happen yeah in part two like I always picture goldie like a little like like two foot tall yeah it's a big hour big fat hour anyway um that morning shows an abortion I'll tell you why go ahead you know why managed does so well actually I just assumed he does well he did a very well okay because two hours is all you need of sports I mean that's we finally we finally found somebody out here that understands what life is all about oh my god I mean look I listen to the manage I'm not I'm a sports fan but you know you get the four-tailed lines you get what's going on you get a few comments here and you're done and that's that you get your sports six for the day you know and sexually well not only that but mad dog doesn't take it all out seriously he's an entertainer he's a hoot he's a river he's funny his hell and people love him because of his personality not because he's sitting there talking about the same sports nerd stuff day after day and dissecting the same game inside uh when I heard yesterday morning now that I'm monitoring that morning show coming to work when I heard that mo ahead down if you heard about it had watched the end of the hurricane's uh Ohio State Game again on tape over the past weekend I thought to myself man I mean give me new meaning of that expression get a life how how much longer could you possibly beat that of the ground it yesterday was the 21st of January that game was played weeks ago and still rehashing the end of that game in a bad co-interference call oh my god I'm on I was so well put I I was thinking the same thing you know I mean you know tell the I think was taken a back in the kind of game a little lashing there but why why were you watching that again well let me ask you something how are stirring used to do like six or sevens in me six and sevens Howard Sterns got a ten share well you have ten share now but like when he first came in you know he was doing six or sevens when you guys had the old morning show on and I and I put this way okay very seriously Howard Stern Ron and Paul on Zeta and uh and Moe in the morning you know people can talk about all the stiff competition there in the morning there really isn't a lot of competition anymore in the morning in this market there used to be back when he had a lot of morning shows when sunny fox was on and Tanner was on and and even Joey Reynolds was on and but you know there were even in different shows with personalities that people knew about there really isn't that much on in the morning anymore there's just not like real heavy stiff competition at least for English language radio just one thing and you can make one comment about Mary Moe font go ahead I would just say that this whole business is the reason why I think a lot of companies are afraid to hire black people I mean there's no there's no question about that we had the same situation where she's not a one-man-shay named at the Wild under Paxon we had a woman working there who was eminently incompetent and she used to make a point of going around saying but they ever try to get me out of here I'm gonna sue their ass and they know it and they know that they knew that once they had hired her with her attitude she had a job for life and I mean that's just unacceptable was she on there no you would know who it is and know what I tell you have a great thing you know who I'm talking about George knows so I'm talking about he and tell you but I mean you talk about an attitude man he just hostile like I don't know you used to have to read we do her work every day every day every single day because she didn't have a clue what she was doing they don't confuse her with the facts because she's using her race as a weapon that's it's just not acceptable it was the software remember the software was bad yeah software thing is the operator word here's north money beech hello yeah sir listen I am to the question for you I've read the numbers now since I get the riots you've been given them out or whenever that's when I was first conscious right and so when I started listening to you I guess you were conscious I'm Friday well I was 12 yeah now the riots in Miami like in the 80s oh the riots as I said the numbers I didn't know what you were talking about you been given out the numbers for a long but I don't really know what they need yeah well the the for example if we have like let's say a six point eight like in uh in the ten o'clock hour we have a six point eight here that's six point eight percent of the people are listening to radio at that time whatever demographic we're talking men 25 to 54 which is our demo that our target demographic so six point eight percent of the people are listening to radio at that time okay I'm not let me ask you a question what is the minimum number you need because but there used to be a lot of guys on in the morning and all those guys made a pathway piece in living and they were doing whatever they had to do to get an audience and they really aren't isn't anyone on the radio anymore in the morning that makes any sense especially if there's a gotten older you know I mean I used to listen to you I've been listening for 20 years does I've got an older I'm not I'm listening I listen less for you know you bring me I just I'm kind of numb to all of it you know it's it's like they say nobody really cares much anymore they don't so it's easy to be a fan of Howard because Howard the uh oh Howard Stern because he's right here tell me which Howard you're talking about he's accessible you know to me I'm listening to the radio anyway yeah and now I'm more interested in things like you know we're each other and all the things that we listen I don't listen to him and I have no interest in what he's doing but I have to tip my head I mean this guy he's just he's got a call following out there I mean when you got a 10 share and just about every major market in the country what what can you say negative to even though I think he used to be a hell of a lot more entertaining and a lot of funnier but you can not come because he's got enormous numbers and he continues doing it he's very predictable and predictability is something people like you know that's why we like George I mean he's predictably there you know when we go up right but the he mumbles in a very predictable way what's the minimum number you would need to be successful someone what's the power David needs to get a life well I understand and now as I've been he's rewatching if he's why rewatching replays of your house state my in a game still I would say a life would be good like listen you you're on your own you're prim why do you want to sports radio channels because you reach everyone it's accessible and easy for you on a sports radio channel because they offered me a lot of money to come over here and do this show and we've gotten them gigantic numbers for five years and we make them a lot of money and that's the reason you know if this station would stop hanging on this all sports business all day and say that and even a slogan pisses me off you know i'm in the car listening all sports radio we're not all sports radio sports and entertainment radio if they would even make that ten second just a sports and they considered that for about ten seconds one day four five years ago and they've never done that it's almost like where the black sheep of the family we don't exist they just put up with us because we make them so much god damn money and get big numbers that they siphon off all day long it's easy for you to be there they've made it comfortable look I don't want you to be in this in this town any longer than you have to be neither places because of garbage it is okay smell it but maybe Carlos is caught one what would what would somebody have to do to be considered successful because apparently you got to get good numbers many all it's not really you've got to get five six shares at least a five four five share would be all i that's what i would say be a minimum is a lady whatever your target them always you got to have a four five share consistently one rating book doesn't make a break somebody's career but you have to do it consistently I mean anybody can come and remember radio smeg moment they came out with that with the disco stuff and for like a few months and i predicted and i was right few months that was the rage you know and then like a few months later the numbers were in the crapper now the WMB they've been changing college just being you know popular or did the big number for a month or two means nothing yet is a statement they should have launched the disco station when when the when the BG died because there you well that's come out that we're there right now thank you and have a great day well where he he he could he it's probably still talking i mean he was the ice guy he's been listening from the years which we appreciate but man you know i was the richest at women kissing each other until Howard now that wasn't the point he was just that he talks about the kind of stuff that you might be interested in on his more so anti-hours it's not an hour and a half or two anybody may not have a little like you see if Howard David would have just changed his name to like Ted David oh this already one of those are like uh Joe David there Joe David you would probably like a better you just had this anti-houriting you didn't think that was a silly line what not you know for listening to Howard now and more interested in women kissing each other and stuff like that that's not what he said that he said that he said that he's a pup that was a part of wanting here right again why you said to no wonder people dislike you intensely you you're such a nipicker he was a good guy so he made his slip of the tongue he didn't express himself is artigially as you can okay we all appreciate the fine job of mumbling around you doing a summer time he got good numbers in there compared to the rest of this cramp plate and i'd say that all the time what i mean to continue to critique this poor guy this guy was a nice guy's been listening for 100 years and now no no you're trying to alienate him i'm trying desperately to hang on to anybody i'm just at the end of a long long much too long career i'm trying to hang out by my thumbs i'm following a show that's like uh the test pattern and you're like knocking my people off there literally i want you to apologize to him say he won't do it he won't do it it's because he's a prick rams with spik he just won't do it and rhymes with dick too oh by the way don't forget to show this weekend it's 1157 if i got that noon to one comedy but it's our thank god because i'm exhausted argue with you and i think that other guy to call this right so you don't stop talking for a minute am i right Carlos? ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba you're getting worse than uh rumor ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba or at least you leave a tip. palpino park tonight baby monday wins day Friday and Saturday we have four live harness racing nights a week and what they're battling over there now it's a battle of the Eagles, Bruce Ranger and Jay Sears. Ryan Sears, sorry Jay, but forget about it. It's great racing. First post-time 715 PM with regional parking free admission. Every afternoon evening? No forget every Monday night. There's Monday madness going on. Two for $25 full-course dinner specials at their lavish top of the park restaurant on the 6th floor, where they will not bring any more rules for fat rich? Under penalty of death? This Saturday, January 25th is family fun night starting at 7pm with free miniature horse rides. Free popcorn for the kids, free face painting and a magic show at 730 PM. Plus free drawings for kids to be in a mini horse race. There will be live music, a real race horse on display, and trainers talking about equipment racing and answering your questions about harness racing. When I say free live music, Gary Puckett and the Union Jamf will not be at Pomp and a park thank goodness. So come off for an evening or great horse racing action. Root him a winner from the rail features software private box seat on the fourth floor, enjoy a Ben and Jerry's hot foot Sunday with Slice of Rustellis Pizza. Every Wednesday, like the night is dollar night at Pomp and a park, give draft your hot dark solar orange pencil popcorn on your bucket piece. Also great, all you can eat buffet on the fourth floor players lounge. Only 10-95 for person every racing night and don't forget my favorite event all the south floor of the free spaghetti dinner or Pomp and a park and another one coming up on Monday for more Ethernet couple of weeks. Pomp and a park with full card, simultaneous week starting a noon, lots of action don't forget live racing 7-15 night at Pomp and a harness on powerline road to Black South Atlantic Boulevard. My life and local, your sports radio 5-62 and UAM. To stay Goldstein, but you can go on these healthy whenever I'm in town I listen to wait a minute I am in town it's the 12th of one hour. That! Jump in the taxi car, but that driver said real power. You look dead mean, so quishickly like a dirty person in the dark. So I acted out my pop shoe ring and with my arms the trees I made. There's no bug speaks English and a mongol. I went down to my young man beach where the weather is nice and sunny. I walked into a liquor store but the guy there talks real funnily. I asked him for a pint of fortune beaming his ass. No one can handle what does that mean? The mud is too English. I got him more. That corner deline. Hell I think I'm in Pakistan speaking English milling. Are you going back to the lower end? I came here already. You've got to go. Learn my ABC. I don't say much as grassiers. I say pretty pretty. So get yourself to a classroom quick. You're an American now. Stop making me think. You know, but I speak English. Come on in a moment. We backstool us to Mary of multi-millionaire and who wants to be a princess. But now Fox is asking the question that is burning in the minds of everyone. Who wants to f*** against a rapper? Fox television along with B&T and Evan Magazine presented two hour extravaganza who wants to f*** against a rapper. We've scoured the country to come up with 20 of the most fly booty-licious beaches and we're putting them all on one stage. I doubt what you want, baby. Make me an out of rap. You won't want to miss this historic television event featuring performances by outcast and master-peered and hosted by the legendary Shob Knight. Who wants to f*** against a rapper coming this November to Fox. Uncle Ted did throw some boxer shorts, let's cruise our box and ride with some babes. Excellent. Our money. Women. And Quintin. Uncle Ted did. What use our income is to slash nature, press the base and do the wall thing in the countdown. No way, Bill. Yes, ladies and gentlemen. They're rich. They're powerful. They like this women they can. Well, you're going to be sweet. Then Ted Kennedy and Bill and Ted's ex-foot adventure are two of the next genetism. Excellent. Rapeseedm. donations. www.assver.g.b handswheat name limited nothing but blue lands on my TV tears bombs bombs on blue sheets and they got magnet on their feet I never saw the house smelling so nice and now I'll have the lower my asking price. Nothing but containers lying on beds. All of them weird. All of them dead. Yes, who has been braving by my eye. Going to Syria. Syria. Syria. We died. Let's do it. Oh, good morning, ladies and gentlemen. For a few more, I love like this. Hey, I'm singing home. What the fuck? Say, co-bottom, five and two's exams. Baby, that's how we need. We know too, co-bottom. Captain, the horse smoked that dumb a weed. As a mayor, one of her, we can take our turn. Singing in pretty rap songs. Stop it, hit the ball, I can teach in job with him. Takes from hit a whole cone. So roll, roll, roll my job. Pick out the seats, the stairs. The highest hell blind to Palm Hill. Stayed no big in ribs. So roll, roll the 83. Can't let him fulfill. Give the fake Symmere City just don't sell. I bet my cavity will. The one that was just burnt down in a small white town. They calling each stop Palm Hill. Well, when the Afro Man walks through the white land, houses when I'm a sail. Hey, I was standing on the corner selling rap CDs. When I met a little dramatic change. I met a ride in my clinic. Because I didn't know I'd try to lose the leader of a two-club plan. We've been on the bed. Don't know. Oh, so long I grew a f***ing Afro. Been up f***ing to the lab. I've been to the ride. I've f***ed my f***ing to the sh***. Turn right. I've got some established shape. Got my ass looking right in the sea. I put on my clothes and I was on my way. Put on my daddy's pool, don't put it in the air. But we're ready. We're ready. So I ran. I jumped up to back window. But I did it. He was right in one. So I was on the way. I took a lap. He beat me to the right. And the mother f***ing with my ass. Oh, my ass. Hey, man. And I'm pretty just dead. That's the best damn f***ing I ever had. I got a bad way. And I bought the one. I'm a f***ing Afro Man. Just put my ass. Go fuck the time. To the exams. Maybe that's how we need. Come on. We go too tall. Got the dogs. Smoke that from the wheel. And now the mayor. Why are we taking our turn? Sinking in pretty rations. Stop. I hit the bell. Like teachings. I hope it's a little pace for them. Then I'm home. So roll. Roll my joy. Think out the sea. The stamps. Feel it highest hail. But the proms. They'll stay no waiting real. So roll. Roll the 83. Cadillac took the bill. It would take some of the cities just no sale. I bet my cabby win. I met this lady in Hollywood. She had gray hair. But damn she looked good. So picture my house. Because she was fine. But she looked out of the f***ing. That was bigger than mine. I'm a f***ing frown Japan. That would make love with the NAFRO kid. A f***ing watch for a f***ing twine. Eight that f***ing like shrimp problem. I don't pay that name. It's for a back till you. Tell you. No man in the heart of all still you. Had a big good and big titties too. So I hopped in the grass like a kangaroo. See I met this woman from Hawaii. Snuck it in her ass. And she said, hey. This was bravest. F***ing was lucky. Then a titties busted up her with a white hip-plug. Back back. And her looks that was white. And the state of Kentucky. Did you set up a person's hip-hip? You just f***ing a f***ing real. It was a craze. I gave her my secret blinn of earth. This is the fastest. Go fuck out of the two ZX. Maybe that's how we need. Come on. We go to the door. Got the door. Smoke that come. We move. And now the mayor. While there we take our turn. Sinking in very rassons. Stop. I hit the door like a kitchen. So I'll still taste from in a home cone. So roll, roll, roll my shirt. Pick out the seats. The stales. Killing higher. Pay. You don't need to get next Wednesday. We're going to be doing this night at 10 a.m. And then if that works out real good, maybe like every day night at 10 a.m. I... Cartler, look at Carl. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's no matter what I say. Oh yeah. Yeah. Kick off a new year with a brand new mattress for you and your back from our good, close personal piezons and dialometres. What a smart way to shop. I mean a lot of things you've got to go someplace and get it. But with dialometres, you don't go anywhere separate to your phone. Pick that thing up. You take a look at it. You stick your finger in the phone too. And call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTR-ES. You'll be talking to somebody who renews bedding inside and outside and down. And you'll pick up the perfect bed for you and your back when you talk to these people. The top brand names ever. See these sort of Simmons-A-King-Kooh. Maybe even Joe Manina would like one of those. Let's buy one for him. What do you say? No. Anyway, they got the perfect bed for you and your back like I said. No bait and swish. They got exactly what you're looking for in stock and they'll deliver it to you. And unbelievable deal. Exactly when you want. They're going to bring that to our window like noon to two, one to three, two to four. Any day of the week, seven days a week. They pride themselves on their 99% on time record, which is just one of many reasons why they're ranked number one for overall customer satisfaction. I've been sleeping on a dialometrist for a long time and Gellys are doing something on it right now. And George is sleeping on one too. Do you pay for yours? Yeah. I think the Gell guy is free. Well, he looks better than we do. Call 1-800-MATTR-ES. Do yourself at your back a big favor. Get you a great name brand mattress and an unbeatable price for our friends at. Dialometrist. My life and look home. This is Fort Real by 60. You wait till you wait. Go on the points of the Toronto Maple Leafs. They don't come any better than Neil Roger. Good morning, Bob and Tom show you as they're. It's me Larry King. Oh, Larry. Good morning, everyone. Morning. We're gang whenever I get a couple of snipers and brandy in a tab of acid in me. I like to call you kids up. We can tell. Oh, wow. We do a little thing. It's called People News and News by Larry King. It's random thoughts. Let's go. My impression of every Jewish holiday. And I should know. They tried to kill us. We won. Let's eat. That's not that. I am utterly thrilled about rising my nail as you're spending wedding. Because even loud, scary pill heads deserve some act. He has a loud spirit. He and God knows why he's as a force in nature. You know, she's like a tornado with flopping grandma boobs. I was safer than lying. That's a few things. She sings like someone is strangling a cat and twows on more makeup than a softball team of boys. That's a lot of fun. Some little horrors. There's anything more dashing and romantic than a submarine putting out to see. I don't know what it is. It warns the blood and fires the imagination. Imagine a hundred men go down. Fifty couples come back. Well, it is a sweaty, splendid thing. Hey, birdfolio watches. We're gone for long distance. Vondervision is announced a new plan. Things must be looking up. Six cents any time of the day. Hold on. That's the price of their stock. All right. All right. All right. As a children of dead lions, you know, come close to the agreement or wherever the body of the house is going to remain frozen. The folks at the facility holding dead in the giant frozen fat are treating the base bar great cylinder with the utmost respect. You know what they printed on the outside of his tank? No. No pepper. That's a snorke. Yeah. We got married. Wait. I'm worried. If that first you don't succeed, then skydiving really isn't for you. Jesi Jackson's back and the news gets to the hearing. But met recently with the answer, eh, fat. Oh, yeah. You talk about different icons. One is exploited his own people. There's a one-out message in a scandalous past. The other is the leader of the P.R. World. Who is generally considered a covered clergy's favorite biblical character? A very young Peter. Hello. I'm from now on the crew of the Frisbee died last week at the ages 77. The purest arrangements reflecting the man's life and his work. In fact, the body is still lying in state on his neighbors' roof. And he's just going to hit you with one more. Okay. Please, I'll get the band ready for this one. Did you see that dynasty star actress John Collins is married for the fifth time? Yeah. All the wedding had all the traditional stuff. By the way, the something blue was hope that China. Oh, yeah. I love this something all. What you dance if I ask you to dance. I'm just for fun. Would you have on my back? Very. Darling, please make me feel fine. Would you and me, my whole life? Would you tremble if I touched your lips? Would you love if I hugged your hands? And now I just die. Could you look at my love? By inviting my forward. Oh. Oh. I know I might expect some pain. Could you be easier on to me? If you could find the K&Y. If we dance, would you and welcome my parents? Okay. Would you play if I have my body? Okay. Hold on, please. Make me feel fine. I'm just for fun. All right. Hope please and for me. Would you be better? Would you be better? Would you be better? Would you be better? Would you be better? Would you be better? Would you be better? Would I get this exchange from her? Brush a bag with her own city law? Would she have some ideas on her own? And though it seems she slept with whole hockey teams? Now I get this thing from her I'm in the corner of a sky He looks so more on her right eye She's a stinky family player Here But I get this sex from her I get this heart sick from her I'm in the corner of a sky Well I know my sister, all my life That is why she's now my wife And I think my son may know his true He's my nephew too Well my daddy is my uncle Joe Mother is my barren flow It is very plain to see your mother's cousin is me It's an hour and a half I'm in the corner of a sky I'm in the corner of a sky I'm in the corner of a sky I'm in the corner of a sky I'm in the corner of a sky It's an asshole celebration And they're all out on the street See them on the sidewalk Oh here let's shuffle the beat 20,000 assholes doing asshole from the made Step aside, good people, there's the assholes from the rate You got the assholes to freedom The assholes from the made assholes for Jesus The assholes for guns The assholes for justice The assholes from crime The assholes for assholes The assholes are all turned The assholes are all turned You got assholes making money But making all the rules Taking all the jazz They're feeling a high school Assholes on the water Assholes for sky You're trying to sell their money And assholes see them fly Oh teach you all to tell me And I really make a race Am I hit up my class or am I just another mass hole on the race? I'm gonna do it Assholes give the orders And assholes grow the boat Assholes get elected Cause assholes get to the boat I won't start a sin All the assholes never die They just make big money Assholes in the morning Assholes every night Assholes to the left and assholes The race is 24,000 assholes Assholes from the made Step aside, good people, there's the assholes from the rate I should be a little bit less than the assholes We're not in the fourth half, but we're in the fourth half There's the life-swearing nobody's friends are perfect 26 past noon at 5.60WQMD Lights a West Boca is a light that's a higher to shop there Because especially if you're on a car or a low sugar diet Everything in the store is dedicated just to you There's no stuff in the store anywhere You can scour it and you won't find anything that's higher in carbohydrates So if you're on the Atkins ready similar diet This is a wonderful place to shop There's 600 delicious low-carb food products And this week be sure to try the new in-chamment low-car cookies In six delicious flavors only one to two carbs per cookie You'll be in snack heaven So whether it's carbohydrate ice cream, bread, chips, muffins, cheesecakes, pasta and sauces Delights a West Boca is the place you're going to love shopping And don't forget anything I got in the store You can try it before you buy it They have a staff of people that really know their stuff inside and out and They're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10 They create the most complete line of Atkins brand products in the world Always 25% off today next week as a week from Easter all day every day And of course everybody in a brother is jumping on the Atkins. Bad-wagon because guess what it works Head for the number one low-carb sugar free store in the world the Licobespoca You'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market Or call them toll free at 1-877 low-carb Find them on thewebidlowcarb.com Don't forget there's only one deal Itsobespoca at B or official Atkins retail center My This is the Neil Roger show get out of there beef This is the point there's food in the going to peace using the world like it out any questions Other stations give you money other stations give you cars but when times are tough This station give you what count because this station is going to give you a job job in radio job at this station I've job is our new morning's this job. He's morning's right. That's right We're going to toss our morning guy out on his bun and he doesn't even know it He's not even listening. We go to the play this program and he played it like a mora His laws is your game just be listening and when you hear this sound You're going to be a pit call and come Monday morning your on the air winner Will assume all current responsibilities of morning drivers and L.A. at a substantially reduced salary in addition to responsibilities of all janitorial clerical and maintenance staff Look guy who's on is out you are here people listening Tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story We take a good hard stiff look in the start of In 1984 Bob killed off at a dream to raise money for famine's freaking Africa Soon he got a pile of eagomaniac commisitions to care about something other than themselves for 10 minutes And they created a nauseating ballot that got played so many times we all practically hemorrhaged They were banned I remember saying for Mr. Gueldoff Bob I see what you are trying to do but why such an encipid pussy little song Simba was president Bob are together I mean there won't be snow and Africa this Christmas time duh and then that idiot Bono saying tonight thank god it's them instead of you Thanks, Bono See if I ever give you a bag of grain clearly Africa could think of better ways to be helped than buy a bunch of losers with bad hair But for the stars the recording session truly was about love and helping the world's unfortunate Hey, can one of you wankers from stand out ballet get me another heavy on water How f*** Simon La Bonne why don't you ask the f*** you rhythmic Don't you eat me okay That's all the bloody human leak was in charge of the onion water Okay, so I was working as a waitress in the cocktail bar that much is true tonight You'll also see shocking footage of what happened when George Michael boy George and Frankie goes to Hollywood all went to the men's rooms together Band-A, they tried to make it about charity but hey, they're f***ing rock stars It's a big juicy, sobbing wet-lick-a-tropesness tonight on inside the behind Timmy play Oh, he's on trial for that f*** for day I am sure he's guilty as a jay to you, believe in Timmy play No, take a rest All these stand up to the O.S. Jettid Reno when the ATF Etoca beat him in the press Why eat heat? Place that foam and cause so much strife Will he get the chair or instead will he get life to the play I'm annoyed about the USA I heard a rumor that he might be gay I'm according to my 48 I hate the government just as much as most of you But I'm not ignorant, I have a white cue I'm a foolish man Most of them are doing it to Tim They can have their weapons in the pen And what Timmy play, keep your name Lots of bugs they want in Lots of bugs they need in I just got the boot now and my launch got back I'm told the Russian side Orvin' the player it would happen fun But I'm short I'm 20 million that's for sure Now I'm left just above bounds All because it could and played their dues All I've got to say is screw those rushing dudes Lots of bugs they want in Lots of bugs they need in So I just got the boot now and my launch got back Okay 23 to 1 to 5 60 Where did this child come from today? These are little tiny pizzas And these are some of the best things I've had And here you go for speed me again And they're pure carbohydrates They're from southwest Airlines And they're red-bearant pizzas They're yellowed on southwest Airlines I hear they're great and they're stuck We're doing better most of the other airlines And everybody raves by and never thome Because I don't usually fly to lucky mockery If you want to go like any more than 10 miles away You have to make about 5 stops But they're great southwest Airlines They got a red track record and what was the southwest in the west And you have to get that barren pizza in the redboard and some party And what? They're promoting cast What is it cast for the party? Who are these brought here for? Do we know who are they brought in here for? Right, who do they bring to? Power Oh, I mean they weren't brought here specifically for me But it's better to vote Oh, but that's a score You're gonna do this vomiting Man I don't think about us on this show We'll eat free food no matter who it's brought for Even if it's specifically mentioned, no kidding was Too bad 22 before one at five 60 WQM I'll tell you some other folks who got the same great free Uh, kind of happy girl like you added to this we got And that's Tom Lamin and Joe pre-ed it on there at Halipani, I can South-aid on the old Dixie Highway man That's right, 134 or one South-Dixie Highway To be exact on US one right across and they proceed as far as Where they've been treating people great for over 35 years So unlike those 80 trillion businesses we talked about The last several days on a show which have come and gone Halipani, I can still learn at same unbeatable location Treating you great In fact right now they're buried because the factory has sent so many cars They got no place to stick them even Tom Lamin had a park car His driveway he knows where to stick it and they need to place one in yours too Halip's blowing out all the new vehicles regardless of profit Including the Pontiac vibe starting in only 13,0998 And up to five grand off every GMC on boy and stock plus it gets zero percent fine Answering up to a $3,000 rebate as always at how they've got a tremendous A humongous and gigantic selection of dependable use cars and trucks and SUVs And if every other car dealer in the universe is turning it out for credit This is the place to turn in fact you should probably go there first Because you can depend on getting a deal cut no matter how bad your credit is At the one and only Halip Pony at consolte Don't forget right now it's the winner-blizz at emergency clearance sale going on as I speak Open seven days a week at Halip and of course you'll see me at the more than usual If you mention the new Roger show when you stop him Calm right now the new Roger's Neil the you hotline tool free at one triple eight five three four forty two eleven You're loved to in business with these great folks at Halip Pony at GMC who really do be professional grade 5th local this is five sixty three years old yours Roger's guys Well where are we can that twinkie be say this monica Louis I got to reach you but it's falling too far probably what she was doing when she played her car Well she back there head on the steering wheel not the usual way we feel sign on the road That's right ahead rest up with the air she would soon be fed Game of some guests and swept to the right heading for the best good light She lost control the car and flew and landed next to the fly through Well for a lot of go Whiskey Chris your car because she was hungry But she's in luck her career is not dead I'm not the night getting you she can still give head All right He's gone Spick ball soccer ball basketball do you like to play with balls Yeah, you have to feel a little flat sometimes Yeah, you want to play with good quality ball Yeah, there's only one place for you There's balls Yes, those balls the one of the best balls in town I saw bills balls from the highway and I just had to stop it and boy was I satisfied I was so impressed with those balls I took my own fantasy I thought I'd know about this today And I played with girls balls right there on the spot Yes, all that we asked is that you come and see bills balls once once Once you've seen bills balls you'll never look at balls the same way again Now two great locations quilt brings a bit square mom You're a political home You're a political home When people ask me who I would like to screw Now that I'm a political home You're a political home I tell them right away I'd like a one night's day Up in the white house behind closed doors I want to be Cheers Girl with my legs waving in the breeze Who comes if I was? But you're with your only my one Really girl I could be a piece of history I'll call his half-life phone Tell him I'm all alone And I turn on fire His value She's a political home And if he won't have me Then I'll have Hillary But I'd put rather make it all three I want to be When I get hurt I want to be Billy's girl With my legs waving in the breeze On my way to get him a raise to the line of truth Because if I was Billy's girl I could be a piece of history I want to be Billy's girl I want to be Billy's girl I want to be You and me Baby, do it in like in this constant And please don't tell anyone That I am your cousin You and me, baby, less Who would like the Kennedy I'll drown you in like you Like, there you'll come back Me You and me, baby, can Who would like the Donna And have a Latino gang Bang if you want to Baby, less than who would like Ricky Martin's career Will do with what's real fast and thin Out this severe You and me can do it just like Jeffrey Dahmer And now that you're dead The sex will be so much Dahmer You and me, baby, can't Nothing but monkeys I get my butt What's the dust And you just go We see Now look at this facts It just came out By the way, they're great to blood out I'm gang, how come we don't hear any more about them? Hey, mole I guess that was it What do you mean that was it? They're great What's actually a sit-in So I can come down and shake your thing before I leave for vacation Oh, I don't know if I want to shake your thing Or have you shake mine Why don't these people just leave me alone Do you want to say? Yeah, I do I mean, they're nice people that like sit in my in Come up But that's fine I'm not like some kind of a hermit But I mean, don't come down and shake my thing I'm not like I'm a sad look at it I'm already have a lot of evidence to be sitting in my section I can come and shake my thing I'll be happy to shake his in the turn By the way, that's food That little tiny peaches They're kind of like bagel bites Right, only better Because they're like on little bites Like a little hard bagelettes He's really soft So often the crust Hmm, pure carbohydrates Probably my blood sugar bite I was about what? 725 And John Jeras said there's more of it What? I didn't have more than what 8 or 9 of those Did I size your thumb? Well Hey, speaking of good food, we had lunch yesterday from our good friends at Flora's man It goes to Shoya The great people they stick around forever The other ones they, even if they were pretty good They go by the wayside Flora's has been there for about 600 years Just off the corner of 79 street And this canable of our just a couple of blocks He's there in North Dade In Central Dade Whatever you call that place A lot of people have a lot of names for that place But the fact that the madness flora's is still there That's right Everything that comes out of Flora's kitchen Is made fresh to water From the homemade dopa delicious pizza The garlic rolls to the fabulous sauce is made fresh Never from a can You could sure taste that The yesterday when they brought us all that good stuff They brought us pasta and veal and chicken And all kinds of other good stuff Even some stuff I ordered pdl and you idiot Great pasta specials at Flora's every night The pizza specials are amazing Only 1199 for a large cheese pizza But that doesn't garlic rolls and have it as nervous And later a soda 1399 gives you large cheese pie A liter of soda and six chicken wings Try the homemade meat lasagna Just oozing with melted cheese Let me see it again It's oozing It's fun the food is great And of course they got all kinds of stuff It came games with a good supply water eating You love the casual come as you were atmosphere to a flora's Open every day seven days a week For lunch dinner parties and catering Call flora's a 305 758 5351 305 758 5351 Are we right there stuff in your pussy Flora's at 709 Street just two blocks east of the scale Voldemort and come see why they are old Call for us one of the great Italian restaurants in town Calls flora's pizza Be sure to tell me that Neil sent you by They delivered two quayside The quicker club the jockey club Mommy shores as far south on this kingdom It's a 34 street north 130 fifth street Leister northways 12 family got that all down Good and east of Collins Avenue at 71st street too Call flora's tonight We are sports when you have five six You way jam What was that? What just happened there? Okay, it was supposed to be rejoined Yeah, but it was just a drop All I heard was Yes, yes, yes, yes Yes, yes, yes, yes Break eight you I missed a bright thing And all of the marksline I'm gonna screw for this morning I have been there all that I wonder who will be the first guy to get away I'm thinking to me I'm gonna screw for the fourth all you want I'm gonna screw for the fourth all you want While leaving sanctuary Cheese and fresh cocoa Well, I'm gonna see the beer And move it right along I have passed nine my head Was going dinged on Criss-a-shoot in the hero and right between the doors We can't believe how much I miss the violence in the host Don't you've got a money-play I follow on until the candy empty I has got a bowl Will the question taken totally Reout to dozen no carmelons One period Wonder where it all will go It's not they's like me And now a message from the Bob and Tom Tech Care Company Here Fixie come here boy Oh, hey dad, fixie's breakfast Really sick Oh, I know Sam It's most like fixie's been eating his own poop again Oh, gee, if only they made something to make his breast smell better Sorry, Fix, we'll have to play for us some other time You're just like a furry turd Sound familiar Does your dog love to die on his own dog logs? I'm not kidding I'm not telling you like that Stop that c'mon Well, have we got the answer for you It's a peppermint flavored sausage made Especially for dogs like yours Inferencing new Extra-men Here Fixie Go leave There's some bad breath Fixie, try one of these new excrement Wow, what a difference, huh dad? You bet Sam Fixie's face may be covered in his own feces But his breath is minty fresh Hey dad, look, Fixie's looking as crunchy Do you think his breath is still fresh? Will never know something Oh, yeah, never know They say it, you know why dog licks his own skin Yeah, yeah, because he can't I've heard him a million times That's right That's so fizzing New one fox from the producer of Bachelor at Tinalaska Oh my goodness It's Bachelor at Tinalaska Isn't a you baby Come on over here and check out my tattoo We're gonna medicare in this place I'm just somebody's got a nail file Bachelor at St. Prison The place is so clean Except for the smell of your men Bill Clinton and sex therapy after a secret orgy With bevy of young models Privateized bombshell report forces Hillary to take action The ice princess there she is the old ice queen Man, I believe me this whole queen knows exactly what he's talking about 510 votes on a full bot Hey, this was a panless just keep that carbohydrates in here man I feel like I said to he's bringing more of that great pizza And thanks again to our good friends down the hall of power 96 And by the way, music still sucks But thanks very much. We like you a lot Even though they don't talk to us very much because we're much of slippers on AM They had this big book and John Jerris is okay He's a good guy, but the rest of them down there They wouldn't even look and they wouldn't spin on the best part of us Okay, if they could find it So here's the air resolve in a pool so far not not to tremendous response way I yesterday of course Because this is a little bit more cerebral and nothing we had on our yesterday Plus we don't have ducklands these new penis talk show Probably for new piz Anyway, what's your take on broward lexon supervisor Mary of elephant Oof ant She's totally incompetent should be fired 75.1% 385 out of 512 75% plus fire her ass Who is Mary of Oof ant 85 She's the victim of a racist campaign 31. She's going to good job 11.6% She's the victim of a racist campaign which we say Sure Sure So that's Wednesday. Don't forget Mark is done on your calendar right You think it's going to work? Comedy bits are 9 to 10 works for me And then like then we're going to go home And then we'll come back for about 15 minutes till 2 Huh? Hey listen it will work for us. It'll be great Anyway congratulations to the mad dog Jim Maddy Which one is just ignores when we send him in those great numbers He had a 6 3 and a 6 3 They were big numbers and he's consistent too He's coming up next to Humper from the West Coast Panthers in the Ottawa Senators tonight at the Mcarina Bye bye I love eating nuts