Oh, you love me. L'O'Chan, some young guy. Hey, you know, you long time. Good morning, God, how are you? Okay, Scott, what's up? Oh, I thought that was glorious. You were right about the Marlins again. Let's say you haven't been wrong about the Marlins once all year. You think they're invisible? This area's too many. It makes no difference. Yankee's at a red socks. They both suck. They're not ready to choke. My father said that the cups of command came seven and be only a shadow of themselves. The fans of be a shadow of themselves. And they went out and you're thinking a little excited when it was five three. They were having their party on wavelength. And that all ended to see Conan gets that ball. What do you, I mean, just what went through your mind when they, this tape was 13 games out. You know what went through my mind? Really what? Is then I got two pre-mo box seats. I eat it. Each is a three game. And they're going to be on eBay. And I'm going to make a fortune. That's what went through my mind. That is beautiful. Yeah. Capitalism at its best. Never went to one game all season. And I've been to a Marlin game in years. And I'm going to make thousands. Thanks a lot, Greg. You idiot, but it was speaking a great read. He was passing around the trophy yesterday. Yeah. Everybody. That wasn't for QA. It was for power. And now I know it is. But he took credit. And now today is bosses day. And they passed around a card for him. And I signed bosses blow. You're out. And that's something for him. I can't be there to sign a card. But here's something Greg. The thing that we all think of. Who idiot. Here's learn for you. How much do you think? How much money do you think he can make on the world series tickets? But for the man. That's a lot of money. How much do you think I can make? I think that you can make. And how many seats are there? For each him. How many seats are available to the public? No, to you. Oh, I got a pair. I think they're worth. 13, 1500 bucks per game. For the pair? Yes. Here in Dream and the playoff tickets. We're going for 2500 bucks and a pair for pre-mo seats. 20, 500 of a piece. At the Marlin's, Giants and Marlin's cups. They were not going for an surprise. Well, that's what it said in your newspapers and they never lie. Well, it is papers lie. Yeah. Kevin Basson said I would lie. The pre-concented sent over to lie. Well, Jim Sarny would lie for me. He says I don't must see. He's so damn ugly. They only let him out two days a year like a groundhog. I'll put him home. I'll put him home. I'll put him here all the week. Which is two days more than Jerry Jack. He must go on the show. Most of the time. He has a little paper bag lunch. He takes to work every day. And mommy drives Barry to work at the herald. Did you know that? He's got a nice haircut. Most one of the game. You know what? He's turned into Qm and appearance fee to go to the Marlin's world series. Yeah, it's great. He wants to go to Newspore. They're giving him an appearance fee when he starts showing up after the book comes out today. This is the video. I'm on the next Tuesday when we have a buyout a day on Qm. Did it buy out my contract? All right. I have it. I'm going to wear t-shirts that have a cross through his face. It's a villager giving you any why should we? I won't you most know that sounds good. Yeah, I think he already does have a bow somewhere. Let me tell you, wouldn't it be a great act of kindness after all these years for me to say to the audience. Listen, because you've been so dedicated in the voter all these years. Instead of like peddling my tickets on eBay, because I don't need the money. Your buddy got you. You're giving me a bunch of crap this morning before the show. Oh, you don't need the money. You're loaded. I broke. I broke. I lost my house. I believe in my money. That would be dollar. I am working with you. I am. You're just to show you what a good thing. I'm a new animal. I'm a poor. I am a people like everything. I'm making a gift to my mom and world series tickets away today, but don't count on it. No way. Dude, I screwed the public as my new theory. Why not make money? I mean, you and I can, you listen. If I get tickets, I'll be just like Todd Greck. I'll sell them for like 1500 a whack to one of my clients and rip them off. That'll be great. I thought you think I can make his 1500 appear. I think you should. 1500 perceived. Well, 50 out of per se. Well, yeah. Who bets with these three grand times these nine grand? I'll take it. That's beautiful. And then he can, uh, what are you going to do with the money? Maybe, uh, we can buy more. We can buy more. We can't. We can have a pompaddle park with nine grand and cash. We can, you, a gift five grand, Eddie K. That will buy more. Cascot. Why did you say that? Because Eddie Calts are in the 15 grand and we can get rid of him. Oh. Have a great day, Neil. Absolutely. Absolutely. He is. Ireland's word. Ireland's word. Ireland's word. Ireland's. Ireland's. Give me another day. That's it. Really show it is. It doesn't happen. They call it a little way. You can can. If you don't work like a slave, they're going to do me back. You're going to die. Got a died in. I can 50, 90, 80, 80, 80. The congress led him alive and say he's died in. They need to lightfully wipe the heart from the head. They wipe the heart from the back. Oh, the K. The crappy sheath went to rest the rungs. They washed the bag. They slowly waved you to a place that he sat in. They clarks of loose bags. I kind of cut the white and the rhetoric of the huge bag. They go to the girl. He's got the drives around in the dark. You sped. To got the game, two with place mile port back a kid. In the back of this port that's all it did. The dance stand was born. The Clarks of douche bag. You're sped. You're sped. You're seen delighted. When anybody would win the cash prizes. On the pyramid. You never minded. The Clarks of Worship is in Clarks of douche bags. I never realized what a 50-year-old is after all the years I've been working in. The Clarkson-Praki-Elpums and then we cows a turn. And we shank. Oh, shank. Ten-O-6, how about those Marlins? What do I tell you, you little fateful, you could hear the girdling choking gagging sounds from Rose Cubs? You could hear them all of it north America last night. Saw the cryon. The we even George. I told you this yesterday, even George got sucked in. And George got sucked into. I didn't know it was going on still. But I thought I'd check into what was happening. It was going on. My accident, you just couldn't do it. Right at the end. And it was perfect timing, right at the end. Just in time to see the last five minutes. And I saw the old lady crying and I went, oh, I see. I got again. I can't. I was like when Frater was sitting on the curb there. When Don Corleong gets shot five times. Again. Again. He's like rocking back and forth on the curb. Again. He's wimpering like mufflands. And every see Frater went up together. Same person. Same shape. Same person. Hey, by the way, don't go fishing this weekend. Especially with clearance. He wants you a part of the gig to be once to the both titles and the whole paycheck. By the way, speaking of earning your paycheck clearance, I hate to break the news to you, but you're an idiot. He's so busy sitting in there sniffing for else bud. That he doesn't have time to get the schedule right. The game tonight is at 818 first pitch. 820 give or take is what they're saying. 820. The schedule I got in front of me is got her a cool and high. 9 from 7 to 9. And then they're. The Ricky Williams show from 9 to 10. You like that? Whatever. But it's also got like possibly, for example, if needed, game 7. You need to get the right size. It's got it at 9 o'clock. Is that correct? No. The game is at 820, okay, in New York. 820, you idiot. Parents you're simple to you. So I evidently would not have like the whole hurricane outline. And we certainly can have no overkey William show. Are we? No. No. I'm not going to preempt the game. So unless we're going to join in progress, I don't know. I doubt that. Wouldn't that be kind of embarrassing Scott? Sure would. That would be almost as embarrassing as farming out that pantheon game. And Scott once again, as usual, is wrong. Try to tell me, no, you actually at the game last night. Of course I was. Because you had your free tickets for the old penis coyotes, the lovely penis coyotes and the panthers. Phoenix 1 2 1. I walked about maybe 15 minutes of it here and there in between the baseball. And I did not watch this given it's 2 last night. I didn't watch smallville. Sorry, but I was really a baseball intensive. I must admit I watched the entire game. I feel like that. Wow. Well, I mean it was heavy duty. It was a lot of tension. It was excitement. It's at any rate. Huh? It's an event. It was a major event. So Scott tells me there were 5000 people at the panther game last. You must be counting all the people at the saw grass mills mall. You must have been counting all the people live in the 50 block radius. And all the mubes are clearly acres. I mean, are you out of your mind? If, seriously, if there were a thousand people in that macarine last night, it was a lot. And I was watching, they had on the package last night, the Phoenix telecast. So again, they weren't protecting the local locals from, you know, from it in Gursman. So they kept, you know, they paned every night and you saw the whole place. There was nobody there. And I'm not knocking anybody. I mean, why would anybody be there when you got the, you know, Marlon's and Cubs game seven on TV. And everybody's trans first and glued to that. Why would anybody be at a mean was early season hockey game, especially against the team. That nobody cares about. Yeah. And the home team that nobody knows who most of the players are anyway. The only cheering last night was when they put the marlon score. There. There you go. Now they've been smart. They've probably telecast the game on the big screen up there. Of course, the panthers would have been too happy about that. But you know what I'm saying when that had been good idea. It would have been. They didn't put it on. They didn't put the game apart and the diamond, whatever they call that thing on it. Screen up there. So the public can see it instead of seeing gelties ugly. Puss. Good. God. Scary. So we got a big day today boys and girls. A gigantic day. We're just killing three hours here. Right. Before we get started. Right. So when a clock plays some music or something. Yeah. Let's just pretend. Okay. Like most of the other day. And then a lot of clock. We got the ratings. I was some of the book generally speak. It is not that important. But this one will make an exception because what is a whole bunch of reasons. First of all, like little Georgia looks like it's going to hold up our end. I think in midday. Of course, along with a mad dog in that two to three hour. Mad dog seems to be given a good helping hand to the humper. Is on what about 20 minutes a week. Huh? Don't expect. I didn't say that because day is mad dogs out today. The big is on two to four. We apologize for that ahead of time. And the humper is on for three hours. That's why he sees he's getting in a full days work today. Three hours. So we got that element. And then of course the morning show that's where the real pressure is going to come now. And we're not going to have the hour by hour because that doesn't come out the first day. Georgia will have that on Monday. When I'll be on vacation. Georgia will have all the. It'll be on the website. And it'll be on our website. So some people can read it and we've been reading. I'm so good. I mean, read it and we've been reading. I'm so good. Read that breakdown of six to ten A. I'm going to read those six to eight numbers in. I've been reading. I've been reading. And then see the eight to ten numbers and say. Oh, right. Look at that for else kick an ass and six to eight. Now disaster. Absolutely. I already predicted just like a predicted. Marlins went on all these games and everything else. Absolutely. Gonna be a disaster. By the way, it's got to hit the break the new to Yankee's going down. I don't think so. The Yankee's going down. I can smell it. I can smell it all. I can smell Bob Shepherd's bag all the way up here. I have to agree. Bob Shepherd. Bob Shepherd. Just here. 125. What's heard for Bob? Happy birthday Bob. Number nine. Hank. Bower. Number nine. What number did Hank power wear? Behind. Oh, thanks Robert. Good to be surrounded by sports experts like Scott Robert Creeper. They know their crap. Probably it's after ten already at five, 60 WDQM and see how it's slipping right along. Oh, yeah. Probably. Probably. We've got a results yesterday's polio. That'll take half an hour. And then we got today's polio, which I think we'll get a lot of response about that plus many people begging and sucking and pleading. Look at the way we got lines written. They don't want to talk to me. They want to talk to me. They want. In fact, I think we'll do a screen list today. Scott, and I don't know where the book coming up. Oh, thank you. Yeah, there you go. You have like a day off. They've a sit back there and pick your nose and wind a little bit. Which I call it. I like to make crank calls to XY things like that. 10 13 at five, 60 WDQM. Oh, he's a way to do that. Don't use my phone code anymore. All right. One of the best kept dining secrets in town is in coral springs of all places. The gold co-seafood grill just celebrated there one year anniversary. And they got three and a half stars from the Sunsetville Showtime dining review. The gold co-seafood grill's got specialties including Mango Pum Salmon. By the way, I like you're spelling a salmon addamere illiterate, but thanks for the money yesterday. I'm impressed at my he-my, orange honey glazed sea bass, and crab and shrimp stuffed trout. There's an incredible bar atmosphere with an extensive line of martini list too. Big martini's I mean really big ones. And happy hour only five and a half bucks from 4 to 7 PM seven days a week. The gold co-seafood grill is located in cross springs of 252 north university dragons had a beautiful walk shopping center called 9504255 fish for reservations and more information. You can die on inside outside whatever in large parties and private functions are welcome to. So experience the best kept secret in lunch and dinner dining in town. The gold co-seafood grill and cross springs located at 2752 north university and private side of the walk shopping center. The gold co-seafood grill where you'll find great seafood at great prices too. The fire and the local species is five sixty. Three years old yours. A hundred. A hundred. Oh my cow. They'll rotters and write the cubs start. Coming up tonight on inside of behind the true honeywood celebrity music crowd if you profile story. They will have Danish band who poke fun at one of America's cultural icons. Hey who said the f*** Danish have a right to do that? They were aqua. Oh my god. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. Even though you only know us for Barbie girl we were quite popular at home. We had once won a Danish Grammy. Well a Danish Grammy. When would that award ceremony was like? And Dine Veneries. Aqua. Thank you. But winning the way mass foreign awards is not all Aqua is known for. They were also sued by American Toymaker Mattel who owns the Barbie trademark. I'm a tell spokesman spoke to us through an interpreter. Tell me. Okay. Hey. Hey. How's the game there they think that would be for those who are Barbie's hours. You aqua. But Mattel lost the case. A victory for Aqua. They spoke to us through an interpreter. No no no no. I believe that. Nyanyanyanyanyanyan. Aqua. Those wacky Danish. Do they even know we need a breakfast food after then? No. It's a big juicy shopping with look at show business tonight. I'm inside the behind. Ten 18 at five 60 WQM on a very gigantic humongous Thursday. What a day. A little bit we realized there was going to be such a significant day all the way around. Yeah. And I would think that probably Clarence is digging up some world series tickets for our Laura Lottians right now. Especially after getting a slider with that banner with the ballgame on the ceiling. When you think they had like more on there. That's a good round and a mad dog and Hank and any K and Joe and Mark and a big and Kim Bo Camper and everybody was ever born. Every sports nerd that ever came down to pike. They even had the names of dead people on their John Moynihan was on there at Burliner at Burliner was on Dave Lamont. Lamont Cranston. They were all on there. Were we on there? No. No. And a banner. Because they were embarrassed. They don't want to have the 65,000 people sitting there. God forbid we should promote any aradju show. That would be bad because he says bad things about Greg even though they're all true. Hey Greg. That's for bosses day. And don't bother me for norms number no more. I hope you two have a great life together. I think we got 1200 votes. What is your say? I've been stalling there for a second. That's all reloading. Mine's reloading and it says 1200. I saw him. Wow. 1211. Anyway yesterday we asked what was the greatest radio station in the history of South Florida. We left out. I'm sorry. How could I be so dumb? Am I dumb? I guess. WNWS. I mean, only worked there for like 60 years. That was the beginning of my glory. Those were the salad days, baby. And the Emary Alboat with days. All of those things. All those death threats. What was the is or was the greatest radio station in the history of South Florida. WSHE. She's only rock and roll. Real three. To your four now. Just move the head. WID279. WQA M145. A week turd. A week turd. You turd. That's not so good. Aren't you embarrassed by that? See, part of the reason for that being that it would take a lot of really old Farts. To remember the first glory days of QA M back when Rick Shaw was on air in Jim Done Lampon all in people. Right. Like, they robe a young. Huh? I remember. Yeah, but you're an old fart. Right. And of course me, I wasn't in town in those days. Although I do have all the jingles. We got all the jingles. Anybody want to hear some old QA M jingles? Oh, we could kill some time up to law. Up till rating time I want to clock with some old QA M jingles like. WQA M. Or. But we don't want to do that. Because then we'd lose all the audience. They don't give a crap about old jingles or even new jingles. WQA M149. James, their jand at baby, 111 votes for that hip-hop crap. WCTA Zeta had 50 cents. So see after the first four was like a big drop off. Because the only great thing that was ever on say it was a certain morning show on air. Oh, god. 1987. Other man's data blows. And has for a long time too much CCR too much. Me, come by. And of course too much Paul and old Ron. WGTR 40. I don't know. Whatever happened to the ratings tank. What was the deal that they dumped GTR? That caused a certain amount of constipation in town. Oh, it's a very simple thing. First of all, it was a cox company and you know how bottom line oriented. Right. Right. That's right. They had to pay herment of McBene. There are some serious bucks. They had talent that they had to pay on G. Right. Our besides herment of McBene. And they copied the West Coast coast. If you recall, which was a cash cow jupi. Right. That jupi. Yeah. That's why they brought Bob Greenman. He was the leader of the jupi. WCKO K102, which was a really heavy duty. Really rock state hard, hard rock. It was really hard. 36, but they had a crappy signal. And like they got a call they used to work to yesterday. He said they sucked. Oh, he said the station was good. But the management was idiots. He didn't know what they were doing. What else is now? WB West, the bus, the magic bus had 35 votes. When I first came to town, a bus was one of the first FM. It may have been, I don't know. Maybe the only FM station anybody paid attention to at that point. 1976. And you question who worked there? WHRI, Y100. What? And 33 votes. Now see the problem with this pool. It's a good pool. But there are various incarnations of all of these stations. Right. Like WID went through several different things. And the Y100. Two different periods of time. And different people would hear like same with Zeta. Y133 votes. Probably mostly for your friend Tanner. What? Certainly not for footy. Right in the most for footy. No. Everybody hates footy. He's an asshole. Why? What? Tox and Kid Curry in them. Tox was on Y100. I thought he was. What they all? I guess. Kid Curry was on Y100. I thought they were all there together. G-Michael. Really? Really? I thought I thought. Me, Jim really too. Jim really. WN asshole. WN E-M-I-N WFU-N E-T-19. What? What? A lot of assholes in this business are there? W-I-N-Z-A-M-15. Now again you have to go way back to the jury. Wishner would he, a kid stole his wig, go his hair piece. In a parking lot and he had nervous breakdown. Those old-time days at INZ. And then of course there was my thing there at INZ when we were doing like old-fart radio. And then in 1986 when I decided, hey this is boring. Let's do something more interesting and exciting. And we had a big, big book 12 plus we had up. Yeah, I'm sure. You ready for that 12 plus? In the younger demographics it was all like double digits. Fifteen, seventeen's was unbelievable. It was incredible. Unbelievable. Yeah. And then they shipped me off to Zayton then the rest is history. I'm saying a, yeah, I'm sure. You know, we could we're playing that hurricane promo. Have you noticed the noise sounds like Lancet or Runa? No, I don't notice our promos. Oh, I spawned. W-I-N-Z-A-M-15. W-I-N-Z-F-M-I-95 had 14 with Earl the Pearl. I-95. What's down, Pad station? And was Rocky and Rully. I remember the night that they had all the teenagers come down, scantily, clad and there are underwear to give away some concert tickets. And then somebody, some asshole listener called a cops. There's always some asshole out there in radio land. Always no matter what's going on. There's always one sour, really hostile asshole. I'm gonna call that cops. They got a bunch of teenagers running around almost naked. Yeah. I think whoever was probably was jealous. There were some pretty damn interesting people in there too. Anyway, uh, W-I-C-F-M-13, back in the Golden Days of W-I-C-W and Ricky Tiki, Shaw was there acting like a Nazi and R-R-R-Kensuz. Greg P-Dell. Well, that-that's I think when I started going down Hill is when B-Dell came in. And I write, he destroyed- Oh, no. Every place he went, he destroyed it. Love 94. Right. Right. I'm saying, you should've got a lot of press for a guy to hit. If he held so badly, everywhere he went. He did very well, I understand that they're still in comfort kitchen. By the way, trust, Bradford, we have no copy for Brandy Shoes, and I just noticed other corner of my eyes. A 60-second away from that spot, you idiot, you simple dude. What is wrong with him? I think a Todd Rekkod took him under his wing. W-I-C-F-N-11-13, 11 for W-V-U-M, W-I-C-F-M, the micro-thin-thall, the hurricanes, they're going to win again. You may even stay, come micro-thin-thall. W-I-C-J-X-96, I'm sure that's the station of Loster-Lison's for Fony Contest, 11. W-K-P-X, Piper-I-E-10. I'm embarrassed that W-M had one more vote than K-P-X. What's wrong with you, people? W-I-P-T-D-R-B-W-B're group, I've watched the people all over the world, there are eight guys in 2016. One, two, never go back to thattox until the weekly app. Now... W-I-C-P-P-I-K-I-E-10- also measure a total of 0-1. Whatever you say, you just do need to butter me! Or,ป- helpful. And that's the second scenario for WEPR series. And at the end of the year- distinguished SNS, they named us normally to see明 Festions. I just did a lot of things not really this happened the best day. And I think we're almost back onto the venture now from the end of 2018 25 head 4. Serve head 4, WSRF, probably for Jack Mark. WA1A, your music way, how an Anderson 4? WHQT, how 105, 3WKT's Greek catch the cat. WCKR had 2 and I have no idea why. Life head 1, WRBD, rockin' big daddy head 1, and WGMA in a Hollywood country kick and ass, uh, lick and lick and uh, jury wits new head 1 vote. So that's it out of over 1200 votes. I thought it was kind of interesting. Today we're doing disjockeys. Well, maybe you are. No, I'm not saying about that. I can think of. How's WBD doing by the way? 27 past 11 at 5 at the past noon at 5, 60 WKM is almost time for us ratings to come out. It's 12, 27. Let me tell you, time is really flying at Brandy's two because they've been around in time for over 25 years. I guarantee they got some big special sale going on this week. But twice Bradford is just laid out. He's just not interested in doing his thing and servicing his account. So as usual, we just have to kind of like wing it. So I don't know what the special sale is. You can find out what it is by going on their website, Brandy's shoes.com and I guarantee you get more information and try it or gives me. Brandy's got all the top names and issue businesses while they still around after all these years. They got floor shime, SAS Clarks Clark Kins, Timberland, Mufisto, Rockport, Echoes, they got them all. And speaking of Clark Kent, they got big fat shoes and little teeny tiny one. Whether you're feet are petite or a big enough to eat. They got them all. Men's has 6 to 15 women's five to 12. Very narrow to the very, very wide. No matter what you're looking for in a gigantic 8,000 square foot mega story, you can just about that your life on it. Whatever you're looking for is in stuck way to the slap on your foot right now. Brandy's shoes, you'll find a mid-12, 90 North Federal Highway, Pompo, Beach Open, Daily 9 to 9. Some days 10 to 5 and like I said, you can check them out on the web too at Brandy's shoes.com. We are sports video, 5C4, you AM. But you take your head out of your own ass. Okay. Okay. The days from walking down the iron, This is something that's tired, stand you. They tried to jump but gently, yes, I'm too in bed, Liam, Said I'd be up so long, K-Loo. Whoever finds yourself another troll, Been said by to the fun. Like them. And she will open up. A screaming idiot, and as if you're the way, Because they won't have a wedding day. You've ripped up flight to Vegas. You know the strip cloth, Girls with grills and just wednesday, We'll give them better left as they were taller, And the freaking cold, Messed by to the bunch. And she will open up. The screaming idiot, and as if you're the way, Because they won't have a wedding day. From the silent day to juicy, Get your head in red pole. While the set of cheerleader come home, Was such a relief, But the hole that wasn't picked down, But the half of the go-use match done come. Been said by to the bunch. Black, black, go back home. The screaming idiot, and as if you're the way, Because they won't have a wedding day. 53-56-62, WCM does anybody care about those losers anymore? No, no, even the comes we don't care about, no, no. Now this facts from Larry, I guess we should do the pull for today. Let's introduce it. Is it one o'clock yet? Damn it. It's getting close though. It's already 10-33, and pretty sure it'll be 10-34, And then you know what happens after that? No, what? 10-35 is most still alive? No. Who is or was your favorite, Since we did the radio stations yesterday, It's a good segue, I would say. Who is or was your favorite radio district? He not talked to you all the time. See the reason I put that into the not talked show, What's because of... How about Randy Rhodes? How about the machinery? Yeah, Roger. Yeah. No. Yeah, Roger. No. Oh, I was a district, But then many people have heard it. You know what's probably pretty good just as well? That was okay. I did good talk ups. Yeah? Me too. Who is or was your favorite radio district? I talked to him all the time, And I started listening to him with the seven names. Two of them from a fast-we got yesterday at the end of the show. I heard of both of them, but I never heard him on the air. I could probably find him on that real radio thing, But I don't want to. Oh, Larry Lujac, Dick Perton, Our group post personal friend from D2R, Which we don't hear from Dick NoMo, Which is sad, Dick Beyond the In other dick, High lip, and Joe Niagara, They were both in Philadelphia, Joey Reynolds and Rick Shaw. That's a good start in it. I added a couple, But I think it's going to be a two-horse race. Throught between Redra Shaw and Oh, and Wolf Man Jack. And who's yellow when you add it? Cousin Brucey? Oh, kid, turret. Kid, turret. Let's put cousin Brucey too, okay? Alright. Kid, turret, that turret is a little too spicy for me. Wolf Man Jack, plus the people who eat it seem to smell. You're right. People who don't take a bath and wear the same clothes for like 60, 70 days in a row, at least. I've heard of that. What they stink. That's just what's all about. I see I got the condo to that thing. That's from my liberal leanings. My pink, oh, comi, pink, oh, fag, you know, try to be like real, loving everybody and, oh, everybody's, you know, it's a bunch of crap. If you don't take a bath for a six or seven months and you're queer to same clothing and you're sleeping at night after night, you're going to stink pretty bad. You're not saying that's that. I don't care what you're like from the North Pole or Pakistan or where would I have your from? Anyway, this facts from Larry and Jensen Beach. I wonder if he knows Mr. Jensen from network, you think? No, Ned, Ned, Bady. I don't understand the first part. What does a some come lucky mean? Is it Spanish from another line? I guess it's not a language, Larry. Next question. No, he's thinking about Sigma, Kumlaudi. Oh. Like I said, push the button, Max. This is the part that he works on you. Push the button, Max. That's why George is there. So all you people out there want somebody to pick on a human punching bag. That's what he's there for. It's about time they caught on. Even Larry and Jensen Beach caught on. He says push the button, Max is from the great race movie. And it said to be a top Peter Foss character by Jack Lemons character. No, it is. What? No, it isn't. When Tony Curtis is the hero and that Lee would as the female lead. Sorry, George, your information is wrong. You are absolutely wrong. He says Larry and Jensen Beach. Larry and Jensen Beach. It's the guy by Keenan win and go rent it. And watch it again if you don't believe me. Okay. It's said by Jack Lemons. Let's let's do it. No, that's Jack Lemons. It's Keenan win. The evil God. Well, that's definitely Keenan win. It sounds like Edwin. See, I lifted it off the movie off the copy that I had. Right. So it's probably as a pretty good idea where it came from since he's the one who stole it. I mean lifted it off the copy. The movie's gone. Larry and Jensen Beach. So a lot of these people no matter what we say, if we say it's Thursday, like it is today. Oh, no, it's Saturday, man. You better look at your calendar again. You should be off today. Yeah, you should be a. In addition to which it's another one. He's no speaker. Because Hillary and Jensen Beach, we like you a lot because you do listen to the show. But put me in a nose picker. Okay. Nobody lessen nose picker. And he doesn't know what Sigma could probably. Anybody hates people who picked English berries out of their button public like Mo. We might like him, otherwise you think? No, no. But it sounds pretty good. So that's the a start for our dish, Jokey. Think you can call him with your ideas. And we don't have any Marlon World Series tickets. I do have mine and you're not getting them. Including Scott's not getting them. Nobody's getting them. I'm going to sell them. I'm going to make some cash. Why the hell not? It's part of my deal. I don't want them. I know it's George. No, he wouldn't go if you paid them to go there while the pen on how much you paid him. How much? Yeah. Well, maybe. But third man. He'd go. If he paid by box feed me. Little ride. Right. Possible. Little hanky, panky, and be paid in during the symphony stretch with some of the cheerleaders. Of course they don't have to. What do they call them? The Marlon. Fakities. What are their maids? The Marlon more maids? Oh, how bad. How corny. I like Tom Breneman took a really good shot at Wayne last night. And the women who ever were the other 80 guys that were doing a game with him. Took a war. And by the way, Tom Breneman's an outstanding broadcaster. Moe you loser. You jealous piece of crap. You. Okay. Tom Breneman's good son of the Hall of Flame. Marty Breneman of the Cincinnati Reds even Scott knows that. And former cub Harry Carey sidekick. But anyway, took a good shot at Wayne, which I liked a lot. Nice going there. Tommy Boy. Although he could tell he was pretty sad when it comes lost. Just like all those people were really filled. You know, up to two men. It's a great atmosphere there. It's a wonderful ballpark. Murphy's bleachers all over his bars in the neighborhood. The people sitting up on the thing all the people out there and wavelength. I would have it. It's great. But the fact is they choked a gag. You know what's going to happen? Then everybody know. Sure. It's as predictable as the weather in Alaska man in the middle of a jannie. Speaking of that, Stanton Island fairery, the pilot who fell asleep at the switch or maybe whatever it really was. A little bit of a problem. It's a good idea. Don't ever ride a fairery on Stanton Island. Clarence. Ten people got killed at least 42 others injured including three who lost limbs. A gruesome thing which they've been showing over and over. In fact, that guy in Chicago ought to be happy that this happened. I got it. The interfered with the ball. Yeah. He don't look so bad no more. And then the last night they're talking about how Tom Brennan I will rip him for this. They're talking about how tragic one of the most terrible tragic commentaries is the fact that this guy's name has been made public and is picture and everybody knows. And in meantime, just before he said that the other one of the other 20 guys in the telecast with him's gave his name out. Steve Bartman, who works at Hewitt Associates. I think that's Kim De Foster. Hewitt of my memories correct. Isn't it Scott? Member Foster Hewitt? No. So anyway, this guy bolted the pilot bolted to the scene so quickly. They left behind his gear in his keys. At a breaking it was house where he split his wrist and shot himself with a pellet gun. I'm not a pellet gun. Yeah more like that. Shot himself with a pellet gun twice in the chest. He's in critical condition. What? I think it'd do nothing. Well, he split his wrist. That's all he had available right at the moment. He didn't have time to hold the gun. He's dropping it. He did have time to go to Charles Offearing. He didn't have time to go to Charles Offearing. By the way, you tried straight for ever coming. No, I'll try. No. Try. You really let me down, baby. We thought that you were a real contender, a real player. And you turned out to be just another faker like the entire QM cell staff except for animal Gables to 75 bucks yesterday for a band of per rescue. Got us to 32 grand, which reminds me that noon to two today. Look for that QM fan at Penga, a Peno tile and carpet. 2101 West Atlantic Boulevard in Pompeo. And the lovely Miguel will be there noon to two today. And for those who donate, we got Marlon's World Series. No, we don't. We're not being something we did. Oh, we're not being great. We could race thousands today. No, we don't. Sorry, no world series tickets. And you can't have mine. For those who donate to a band of per rescue and get some of our best in real stuff today, movie passes the premiere of Radio on Saturday, courtesy of the real yellow pages from Belle's South. Be quiet. 19 to 11 at 560 Manel Manets an hour and 19 minutes at 2 hours and 19. Whatever it is from one o'clock, boy, that's going to be a big, big, Timis today. Don't you know? It could be anything. I think we got a couple of pretty solid months going in there, even your August, which was, you know. You're August. It was okay. We had a six three. We were number one in August. George was still number one and certainly had a much higher numbers than the morning show. At least the six to five eight part. No question about it. And I guarantee you, kick his ass again. Even though you are a guava, I love and spick. No question. That time of year again, the show was in furniture stores are tantalizing you with all kinds of phony ads and phony sales. Try to pretend that they got the best deals going on a great name, brand mattress. Guess what? They don't. They're just today and all year round, 365 days year gives you unbeatable deals in service. On the top names in a mattress business. So if your old mattress is lumpy and worn out, go to your back of the service. You'll feel a hell of a lot better with a great new mattress from dial a mattress. They got silly. Sir, to temper, pedic Simmons, King Coil, Stearns and Foster. So call him today. Just one simple call. It's the easiest piece of shopping. You'll ever do 1-800 mattress. And you'll get service like a dream about from the delivery team right number one in the world in customer satisfaction. When you call dial a mattress at 1-800-MATTRES, you still get to pick the day in time for a day. To pick the day in time for delivery any to our window seven days a week. 8-A-M-10-P-M when you want them to be there and they'll actually show up on time. You'll be sleeping like a baby the very first night like I have for years. I'm my dial a mattress. With low prices, same day delivery, free set up and move it's easy to see. My dial a mattress is number one. So it gets sucked in by those mattress your arms are phony furnitures stir-rands. They're not in the same league with dial a mattress. Call them right now. They'll be there in no time at all knocking on your door. Take it away the crappy old vetting and setting up your great brand new one. Call 1-800-MATTRES. That's 1-800-MATTRES around line you'll find about mattress.com. My animal, this is for 20-Fight 6-U.M. Come suck! It's day to buy every child. We're at 5-6-O. W-Q-A-L. We're at 5-6-O.M. We're at 5-6-O.M. We're at 5-6-O.M. We're at 5-6-O.M. We're at 5-6-O.M. We're at 5-6-O.M. We're at 5-6-O.M. We're at 5-6-O.M. We're at 5-6-O.M. We're at 5-6-O.M. We're at 5-6-O.M. We're at 5-6-O.M. We're at 5-6-O.M. We're at 5-6-O.M. We're at 5-6-O.M. We're at 5-6-O.M. We're at 5-6-O.M. We're at 5-6-O.M. We're at 5-6-O.M. We're at 5-6-O.M. We're at 5-6-O.M. We're at 5-6-O.M. We're at 5-6-O.M. We're at 5-6-O.M. We're at 5-6-O.M. We're at 4-6-O.M. We're at 6-O.M. We're at 5-6-O.M. How about those Marlin? Man, this town is on fire. Can you smell it? Can you see the response on that phone there? We got all these Marlin world series tickets? What? Oh, by the way, I thought we were revised schedule. There was a dialing error so it comes across twice. That's why I see By the way, Clarence, you're real bone head man. Okay Ferris is gonna start having a bone through his nose Of course, be sitting at a bone well. Let's be so disappointed You don't kiss my drip. Oh Anyway, 560-70560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlesstein who is or was your favorite radio dishjockey not talk shows of all time I mean we just got a few votes on there because obviously most of the people listening don't have their choice on her yet We'll man jack you right those got eight out of 13 Ricky Tiki shows got two W to Q a m Yeah, hello good morning. Yes, sir. What is this? Stop uni. You know Scott puny puny Scott puny W ABC and all over New York You any W that's correct sir. That is correct. Thank you sir. Oh, I right calm down Pewney Scott, Mealney W ABC members got me any no, yes Scott does because he lived in in that in a vicinity that demography Yeah, I can't see demographic Scott, Mealney see we get some real names on here They won't have some votes. W Q B I B A Yes, sir. Hey, I got a DJ for that. Okay DJ disturbance I never heard of him one yet W to Q a m Good afternoon Q B A speaking we're doing screenless man. Let's get with it. How do I know okay? Listen, oh How about the morning baby They don't know what I'm baby. Yeah So what is that He won the tickets. Yeah, he won the two oh two bad already cut him off damn it. I was gonna give you tickets for all three games Well try calling back 560 5060 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon world was like how about the marlins baby I'm on the bad wagon hey, by the gold marlin you know Pudrad week is not only one of MVP for the series, but he also won the MVP for most times putting it to sky and crossing himself Which I was very proud of that if he'd tell me after that how many times in any but Even beat Sammy's so so and also who are we're merged does it a lot too? Won't be seeing him no more though. I'm sick and tired of that crap until they're right now that pointing at the sky And just cut the crap already. Okay if you want to believe in furry tails in the toothberry go right ahead Look under the throne see who's got God likes the whole set punch still looks pretty good even though he's got that big fan as he looks good Now let's see do we have the what what is this? We don't have any baseball on tonight? No, I don't I didn't read it. I just passed it well why not Got what what is this all about I thought were your sports intensive station and promoting the game is at 820 and the revised schedule so is no Boston and the I-Ecky game Well, what kind of a communist pile of crap is that boy girls huh? Just when we were starting to kick a little bit of ass. They pull the the Yankee right from underneath us in a rug too I'll be God damn less because we got to get that her cool hotline in from Tony Romans goes in Sponsi and certainly we got to get the Ricky William show on don't we? Who the hell wants to hear that crap? Dan LaBastard just tongue in looking and rimming God if disgusting 560560 so that's the schedule no baseball tonight I guess somebody else will probably pick it up and will be sucking wind WQAM I beg your pardon you guys have tickets you have tickets. Yes, I know it's yeah 100 100 150 you want to pay I Said have a nice day bitch But you guys have tickets you guys have tickets. Oh, man. She couldn't give a flying fart about the Marlins until low right now You're into that me bet Scott's life on it no chance. Oh, do you want security council? Proceeds your backwards solution unanimously said let's go in there. Let's see what we can do to straighten out your mess stomach remin on a rack resolution, so recognition by countries like Russia who you see right at it's a mess And you guys got tickets WQAM hello Hey, yeah, sir I would love to get a parent tickets It's impossible to get through the ticket master to get tickets. I've been in a fan since 93 Yeah, so you want me to do about it. I You said you guys can pick it. What? Yeah, I got my tickets. I got mine. You're not getting them. Okay. I'm selling them on eBay Okay, if you want go on eBay and see if you got five grand a piece 20 grand a piece But you're free loading phone. He's free loading front running and free loading phone. I love it Last season man you can and earlier this season George couldn't give them Marlin tickets Where there were people coming to a period. I want to say give me a good time Bring in their tickets. Hey, hey give these away. We don't want We don't want them. This is a hell of a their two crappy for us people. They don't want it We had tickets and that's all they got to say they have nothing to say about your. Well, hey, what a great job Jack McKeon and Pudge and Fudge and Josh Beckett all these guys nothing Nothing zippity do don't in fact. They wouldn't know most of these people who want to tickets How many people how many names on the team you think they know? Maybe two or three maybe Right, I don't want Rodriguez There you go Oh, I don't know his first name you left our Gonzalez there were two of them. Oh, so we got one WQAM Neil. I'm gonna. Don't laugh Jim Dunlap. Okay. Thank you chronic lady That's the most chronic of them all boys. She's really chronic, but that's all right. We even have Jingos for Jim Dunlap Could be everyone no, I don't need to hear you one And we even have somewhere in there went hell of the Oscar Pellos to build a short Huh? Oh, just fire one off. No, no seriously. We didn't have those. We got them in here somewhere just while the show is No, I want to play the Jim Dunlap one if we got it. I don't think we got it once for Jim Dunlap do we we have one for John one The rest of the one I'm talking about the real short ones where they just say the name you know like There you go. How do you like that? Oh, let's hear it for Captain Now what was the Scott talking about for all this morning about getting a caskiff ready K. What was that all about? I don't know. I don't listen to that crap To what crap Exactly. No, when we did the crossover we're at 10 o'clock. You and let's get a caskiff ready and he's just in corner He just blurt out a lot of crap, which is why we love for real. He just blurt's it out We till he gets the hour by hours on Monday. He's gonna be flirting a malot and then most of them Oh, well, it must be an operation because we're following that low rated joy mark show and he shoved the spec in the middle of the night And that pipe smoker keeps making all those comments about me and then those key chains I should never go along with that crap Yeah Don't forget noon to two today Miguel ping-ga pin-a pin-o-tile and carpet 2101 wash did land and put a hearted poppin. I'll look for the QN van and bring a lot of cash, okay? Speaking of Marlon tickets world series tickets Ask Miguel. Oh, poor Miguel Oh, can I fix his ass Wow, can I fix him but good he never speak to me again? It won't come back he'd probably even be so close to cut their wheel off. Okay. Let's not do it then Let me say very clearly versus simply Miguel probably doesn't have any rules. Oh What but you know, he's in promotions though, so just maybe because he's such a good guy He appreciates our fans so much He just might you never know it's worth going out there. So where won't he be? And say please please make well please Miguel who looks almost as good as Miguel on passions but not quite I guess Scott Jr. There knows Miguel and all of here. He lies my phone ringing. I beg your pardon. Why is my phone ringing? I wonder is it really? Yeah, you're just joking He's listed right now and Miguel isn't gonna well, I'm not positive But I don't think he's gonna have any world series tickets out there today But you don't know unless he asked 1056 and 560 WQM if you're underpaid if you're overworked if you're under appreciated Get out of your dead end job That's my best advice to you. How do you do it? You get yourself a real career some real skills and you call our friends at fast train That's how you do it easily call 1 866 fast train They can have you train and certified before years end and don't forget to demand for computer professionals Continues to grow. There's no better time than right now to get you a new high-pain career in the computer field and fast train makes it so easy The office job placement assistance convenient to evening weekend schedules and with six locations for in South Florida It just makes sense. There's vondity of fast train close by you fast train even offers financial assistance for people to qualify So if you're sick and tired of working for some schmuck and really crampy job and a measly beasley paycheck Take up that phone and call fast train today tool free check them out on the web if you like it fast train.com and then make that call and change your life forever call 1 866 fast train Look 560 You Florida Ireland Florida Ireland Hi, this is Kimberly Plumber K ABC news with a one-on-one interview with guvinatorial hopeful Arnold Schwarzenegger Sorry Excuse me. I apologize. What do you apologize for I'm not following you for everything Kimberly Plumber KBC news I'm sorry to the people of California for what those bad movies you make no Although if you don't like them. I'm sorry Kimberly Plumber K ABC news I'm sorry for this You just touched my booby That was a demonstration Kimberly Plumber I'm sorry. Well don't do your demonstrations on me, Mr Schwarzenegger I am here for a serious interview with you. I apologize. You're very whiny Go ahead with your question. Well you're very touchy feeling. I apologize Excuse me, but did you just touch my That was a demonstration Kimberly Plumber K ABC news. That's why I want to apologize to the people of California And I believe you should I'm sorry I see you have a problem with women. I don't have a problem with women. I like to touch them Excuse me, but we are not an object. May I see you? I need a my what your aunt either may I see it? I don't think I have an aunt either having any this right here That's your aunt either. I can't believe you just put your I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm your pilot. Oh do it again. Yeah good for you Kimberly from you. I mean I'll don't you You're up. That is have your aunt either Hello, oh That I'm sorry I apologize you are disgusting. I want to be the governor Here for my lover vote for me. Oh, why is it purple? I eat grapes. I'm a grape either Pull me level 1102 at five 60 WK or less than two hours away from that big summer book manners the enormous pressure In fact, my little ball is acting up again just because of it So here's a good choice for our poll from Rick who says and I would hardly agrees one of the best ever greatest DJ ever build Bailey from WAKY and Louisville Ready for that whatever I'm just stalling until this thing starts playing ready for that. No First thing I heard this morning from my radio was your introduction to your 20 before the hour sports report Mr. Yadensuries are why I was a little bit late this morning I had a way I wanted to mention this morning out by an image in his two or three times That there is the night. I'm gonna have a series of softball games out here at St. Helen's field and lively Shivaly now the press game As someone a clock will be between Alan Hamilton and his deputy sheriffs and The city was great bill Bailey went to W. Well, I think Chicago and did mornings for about five minutes in bomb for whatever reason I don't know why they just didn't take to them while they were probably still so about the cups lose nervous You know and if you think they were pissed off then just wait you ain't seen nothing yet Bill Bailey and him to the list leaves said 400 pound man rescued after he plunges through Thor bubble home But I did not see the CBS 2 last night, but I do have the story here from CBS news for a little bit later on when we have some good time I kill about Colin Powell being a freaking liar, but it would be signed that new port richie From Boris head A Pasco County man who became trapped in his mobile home on a floor gave winner was rescued by emergency workers The manager the mobile home park found the man who reportedly weighed 400 pounds yesterday What's your way today? 320 There he was in that little bedroom sitting in a little hole Said gene Morton of orange would legs mobile home community Morton identified the man as George Daniel 61 said he found Daniel's conscious, but disoriented sitting with his head bowed Maybe he was just checking out lunch Morton said Daniel's told him he had been sick for two days been stuck for two days but emergency We spot his word so sure they would ask him one time and he'd say a day and then he'd say it an hour a Was a little confused Maybe he was going through a hunger withdrawals The floorboards in his home may have rather than I'm need to carpet Morton said he called 9 11 Have to get in call from one of the man's neighbors and why am I reading this is one of the most horrible stories ever read my Why am I reading that I think it's funny? New year yeah about a 400 power and pound guy getting stuck in the floorboards in some mobile home park Man is just sure to so take it shame on you You know what I should have done when I build Bailey thing was I'm not too brave What I should have known is just got my cursor on a little dot there And moved that head a little bit because that was obviously a really ponderous thing there 36 24 minutes before 7 o'clock at W. A. K. Y. Good morning Bell Bailey You get that line Mr. Gatsets to me you see he substituted for the alien Jim fellow this morning. He says to me boy I wish you it's Oh my goodness, I'm going to wait until I show up here but I couldn't use What have been happy to stay at home? 23 before 7 o'clock and double you A K Y I Great build Bailey was outstanding he was one of a kind you don't say no original not these cookie cutter assholes that we got now it's 79 a lie with coast that We're not talking about you Johnny dark all or you were really good on the coast you would fit in perfect with that Johnny's a good guy. He just bland you know what I mean? Uh huh. He's just bland he's got a great voice He's boring though. He's very bland as we discovered but he came in sucking out free lunches Remember that they showed up I'm sure you do and I had to make them chase them away Yes, that that was embarrassing why do people do things like that? I would show it up uninfited Which I wouldn't have minded feeding him a free lunch, but I really would have minded him sitting there Expecting me to put him on a ear and put the audience into a coma. I mean Johnny you're a good guy I'm delighted to know you man. You're okay my book even though they close up due does because of you But nevertheless But don't come by the studio anymore expecting to be put on the ear. We'll be glad to feed you for the rest of time No problem. We got all our free food. You could want and maybe even some world series tickets. I'll look there. He is now W w q a m What is it Sid vicious Who the hell was that okay? Who? Maria the camera a compliment. Maria the K that's more like it. Okay, when wins 10 10 New York Maria K W I an S Exactly wins 10 10. Thank you sir give us one of somebody knows about who is the first one he said Said vicious Sid Levine Sid Levine Maria cable logs on there. Let's get him on him. We're the K one of the great I'm sure that Scott don't remember him was before your time Right sure and a good news his movie decay was not gay 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line who is or was your favorite video disjockey? Not talk show host of all time Wolf man Jack and rich shot 17 a piece boy you had your thumb right on it. Was there any doubt? I don't I won't see the rest of these all be split up. Well, I have a wolf man Jack was never in Florida was he? No, but nevertheless it's all name recognition with these people right because the other ones are all like Perokio low like local people and if you were like from Chicago you knew well I'll re-lead Jack and the other people will probably be on it John records land decorate that crowd Perokio and Loki. Right and if you're from like Buffalo God forbid you knew how to bold pretty good in you jewelry rentals Kid's Kirby's only got five what he grabers has Tommy Shannon Tommy Shannon KB radio see that said Buffalo thing again Okay, plus Tommy Shannon also followed Joey to a buffalo maybe the heads on to a Detroit right we did something going Tommy Shannon show they ripped off the rock and rebels wild weekend never paid him a dime Tommy Shannon jewelry rentals are gonna rot and held together forever We can put him on here Tommy Shannon some western New York state New York people might know him and maybe even some Detroit people too. I think we got a foot Dave Schaefer on there Okay, okay Well, you don't know who that is Dave Schaefer was my favorite DJ in Detroit next to lunch. He'll dig perking came along Dave Schaefer was great. I mean he was like a you know a great personality like a dig perking He'd have like some creative a wild show with all those people But he was pretty good. Hi, Spongebobber Oh anyway you want SCHA FDR What does this make how you spell it like like Tom Schaefer does it make any different how you spell his name? He's still dead WCOM I was like to put up Allison steel a night bird and he WFM New York okay You got a night pizza and the have a great day Allison steel you got a WNWFM lot in the York isn't town so as we result in the York people get a lot of most We're the kale get some how about Peter trip Put him on there Peter trip the Kroy had a kid in the third row who got really burned bad WM GM New York 1050 which then became WHN You following all this yeah sure TRIPP got a PP you can relate to that TRIPP got it Peter took the Kroy had a kid in the third row. I used to listen to him in Rochester WM GM 50 thousand watts 1050 had a pretty good signal even in the L8 afternoon And he used to have the countdown and the the record that broke the camels back Was love his strange by Mickey and Sylvia how many times have I told his story? It was number one on the WM GM Hitler's before was even released to the public before was an American source oops Which yeah my bad I guess I guess they were their timing was loaded on Raised a few eyebrows what a wicked Jack web way we when we practice to deceive you know Don't forget we got an hour and 50 minutes to go until a summer book comes out pressure is building There's a lot of people who work on WQM right now I'm probably like dooshing absolutely just to get ready for the oh my god for the shot in the answer They're gonna get in the hour and 49 minutes, but who's coming Wouldn't be great if the hour by hours available today. I know it's nine so anyway we should do let's make some up Okay, yeah, we got the number of relations six good 10 a.m. We had a nine share 6 to 10 many 2554 yeah, that's 18 points in the two to our segments Throughout how to 17 and Mo had one One what right us we as wezel Mo had one 11 past 11 at 5 60 WQ and if you're looking for a great place to eat breakfast lunch or dinner Here's a place that everybody from upstate New York knows about including me and as Vicketer's from Rochester, New York Vicketer has started way back in 1934 and a good news for you is now in South Florida You can enjoy the fresh delicious goodies that everybody loved all those years and still does at Vicketer's You'll find them on federal highway just south of Brad, Bobert and the tunnel on the east side Vicketer's is like a flashback in town to a restaurant's were before fast food Go and enjoy a burger hot dog served hot fresh and fast Vicketer's is being brought to you and for the lab by the same guys defeat your cheaper grachie burger and the good news also Is the vicketer's used the same delicious fresh 100% ground shock meat is cheaper grachie burger and Off is you an incredible big fat one a quarter pound hot dog What makes Vicketer so different from anybody else in town is that the burgers dogs are all served with Vick Signature meat sauce poured on top give you a wild unbelievable erotic combination of flavors in your post If you want something really great to try check out the great breakfast menu with vicketer's Omelette's cooked fresh to order French toast pancakes on your favorite side dishes Check out vicketer's you'll see what all the talk is about for these last 70 years nearly Vicketer's on federal highway just south of Brad, Bobert and the tunnel on east side Be sure and tell them that old roxyster boy Neil Ryder sent you by to Vic and Irves Fair news And she said she said, If they both look back On the outside she's like the air was in shock And she can't keep it in its hands And can't keep it in its hands That day you come raw He won the best of battle But no change is all No more what she can't achieve No more what she can't achieve No more what she can't achieve Unless it's there's a blue sheet Now I'm gonna be knows He's got a good lawyer To be the chili that I hold me through His life won't stay away With a big ol' hawk and rain on his shoes How much George the Hound Dog of the Rands WKBWMF And the shock that Woody Graberhoot talks about buffalo all the time Even without any shame Would pick Tommy Shannon and I George the Hound Dog of the Rands Hoop George the Rands the Hound Dog the Hounds around Hi, Appauy From WKBWMFFL legendary Somebody says lead Gillette Reston piece, okay put him on here Is kind of a memory as a lead Gillette Remember lead Gillette? Sure Hi Appauy! Good amount of year 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, we got an hour and 44 minutes to go until 1 o'clock It's just a countdown, it's like New Year's Eve or Countin' Down I'm not gonna spell any of these names right, okay I don't care Here's the facts from Jay who says I applaud you greatly for your effort to expand to Peraque Huffers since it's clear that all employees and listeners are QM would rather be skin head to toe and dipped into the bath of acid rather than have a slight fondness toward the moment Why would you be offering a portable product containing most idiotic phrases that can follow you everywhere you go Because it's fine, that's why people shouldn't have to pay to have this keychain Nevertheless, I did purchase your CDs strictly for the animals but I made people rather drown a cat themselves than have most voice trading them around See everybody's making excuses Why nobody wants to come through with a cash If you don't want the keychain or the CD, that's okay We'll take a check made out to a better pair rescue 10 bucks, 150 bucks, 5000 bucks, whatever No you're wrong, they're not making excuses What does that mean? They're just not doing it Maybe next year, you grew over the combo of the crow and the Humper I like Neal's pool, or I'm a homo Thanks, his gym, a homo Here's a future pool, excluding Brixi back when alcohol Which companies try to kill their customers the quickest That's not too bad, I'll put that in my pile of poles, okay Have a pile of poles over here in the corner Just on standby, 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Royalty, tickets and Verizon wireless line WQAM Nice talking to you, WQAM WQAM, hello WQAM, hello You're so nice to you, you're so gorgeous WQAM In the other morning, what's going on? Good morning sir Hey, how's that Jerry Blavis? He's every here in Timothy D.J. I heard the name BLAVIT, I believe Yeah, and Tom Lacy Tom Lacy? Yeah Hey, one quick question Did you hear the guy in on Strivenley Crazy Channel Remember his name? He's a DJ, has a talk show in California He's syndicated, I totally hate women Tom Lakers, Tom Lakers Yeah, that's the one, I've been driving me crazy He's a real asshole man He was at Miami for about 10 minutes, gay I can't stand him He's a piece of crap, okay, thanks sir What the hell's he got to do with this? He just wanted to know if we heard of me as we didn't We're sorry to hear about it He used a DJ Tom Lakers? He, no, he was not that's why I'm saying this before And maybe he was once upon a time Who knows who cares, he's an idiot I'm not going to tell that story for the evening at the time We're talking about the freaking liar He's a bull crap artist, he's a moron And he's a posic queen, but other than that he's great He's a pretty fine pun Yeah And he's got an awful, awful black-other jacket That's about three sizes too small 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, so during a blavad, BLA, VIT I guess that's a fili guy, right? See, I don't know from Philadelphia Cause then I've lived there Plus for some strange reason I never, as a kid growing up, I never listened to the fili stations And I can take out, I mean for sports maybe Like, like, do you see a U? Right? What is that? 1190? Hmm Well, see, once upon a time, I am radio people Newware to Hell the stations, where it was all these big 50,000 marchats It was so whole different ballgame back then boys and girls WGN in Chicago WMAQWLS WCF, all the boys to labor See how long the day? Cooper? What? See fun and then Cooper? They're great WQIM Daniel? Yes sir Hey, I don't want to take it, but I just comment Cause I don't want to just comment too Why isn't I for voting you? I don't want to be a fan of you I don't want to be a fan of you I don't want to be a fan of you I don't want to be a fan of you I don't want to be a fan of you I don't want to be a fan of you I don't want to be a fan of you I don't want to be a fan of you I don't want to be a fan of you I don't want to be a fan of you I don't want to be a fan of you I don't want to be a fan of you I don't want to be a fan of you I don't want to be a fan of you I don't want to be a fan of you I don't want to be a fan of you I like that palliим sticker operation Smoking too I know! It made you a failure 🎶 🎶 I was attacked by the m взять 🎶 I don't want to leave. If you're safe in India, you'll be able to be a new young and driving app. Thank you, my friend. Thank you, my friend. We're mailing Christmas cards, thank you notes. Please hear it around the room. Mark for Inza on our part of Delivery. This will help you close the ups, get them to their destination. Here everybody, if that will lose Christmas, okay? Leave them with me. And the right to reject, do you want me to send? Whoa! The hardy gets work, and I train show, WMX videos out of weekend. Leave that baby! Let's play there! Wait, you can't get in! You bitch! Get in! Give me a hand! Go! Hey, we're going with the big rubber sole album, my favorite selection is our Norwegian wood. Isn't it good? And the shell isn't cheap smell. People time you go. Oh, my cartley suit. Video. Please. Ha ha ha ha. Michelle. Please need to step on it. Aren't you against it, bro? What do you say? Whatever. You don't remember already, Wu-Wu-Ginsburg? Oh, I mean, I've heard you mention it. How many times? I've heard, man. And about adventure car hop and sog is mess on a way to rock an ampar. Those days, baby. And people say, wow, you know, that's 100 years ago. You know, something? See, that's the bottom line. It's used to be a fun business. It used to be like a lot of really talented people. You got that anymore? Oh, in fact, how many contemporary disc jockies do we have? We got Kiv Kuryan, it was still on the air. And we're Charles, I'm going to your soul. Other than that, who we got on here was still on the air, right? Right. In fact, that's the big thing. Now is all, well, we don't have any disc jockies. Right. We have an own service. Right. We know we don't just play music. No disc jockies. See, you can have a CD player. Listen to a hell of a lot better. So you can bird your own CDs, you bird your own whatever you want to bird. And have a lot better time in your car wherever you are with your own crab. Huh? Right. If that's all you care about is the music because they've taken the entertainment out. They've taken a personality's out. They've taken a goddamn fun out of it. You bastards, you a cheap channel on the FCC. Should all croak. WQAM. QAM. Nobody under the screen was suggest to relax. Okay? And what's the real shock that their system? Especially if they beat up drunk all last night. Celebrating the Marlin Big Victory. Or being at the Panther game. How many people were at the Panther game Scott? About 30, man. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. Meal play. Speaking. Pardon? Speaking. No, I'm sorry. Don't be sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm real sorry, too. Thank you. Thank you. You know what I mean? Okay, Bally. I'm calling off to disagree with you. Maybe he's changed early years. Well, I was growing up Baltimore. WCIO, the channel 60. And three or four, we couldn't wait to turn Johnny down. I'm talking about, man, late 60, early 70. You know? Was that the thing? Was that the... It was a bit of a hundred different guy's name Johnny Dark. Is that the 10-yard you were? Yeah, because then Wolfman Jack came one after him. Let me tell you a funny story about Johnny D'Archist, too. I was like 13 years old, and I called them and the 13th caller went to Bride. One one a free dinner for my family, and he was a guest too. He came, and this can all these people showed up for some cookware company, and they came in with all these positive fans that they've cooked in a meal of my house. And I finally won the 550 dollar of the cookware from it. But as a funny story, I'm getting to think I were one in my life on the radio. I haven't been a funny thing. I'm gonna be drunk. All right, man. Okay, we'll put him down, but of course, it's like, like I said, there's 8 million Johnny D'Archist. Johnny D'Archist, and if it isn't a moment, we know I guarantee you one of the Johnny D'Archist probably an asshole when you say they must be. Sure, gotta be. There's just so many of them. Just law of percentages says, probably somebody named Johnny D'Archist, or we'll made you ask them. Johnny D'Archist, and Johnny D'Archist. So we can play that from not all one o'clock, and probably be pretty safe. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and 5, 6, 60, on the AT&T, and realize the marvelous line. Oh, not another one. These priests stories are pastoral stories, dammit. Hit these things. There seem to be a lot of these in Ohio, you know it? Yeah, I did notice that. The Dayton Daily News, a Montgomery County Grand Jury issued an 11 count Mr. Meeterman Diamond yesterday, against the Reverend Thomas Cooen, K-U-H-N, Cooen, on charges of public indecency providing alcohol to miners. K-U-N-62 former pastor, said Henry Catler Church in Miami, Township, that's Miami, Ohio, which shares with one kind of public indecency. 6 counts of furnishing booze to miners, and four counts of allowing miners to possess or consume booze on his premises. County prosecutor Matthias Heckdune, you're said, the investigation of K-U-N is nowhere but the grand jury brought to the level of the United States, they do avoid any stature limitations issues. The effects is recorded as home in Miami, Township, November 2001, in January 2002, five victims, four male and one female, 18 years or younger. He has since moved to Cincinnati. And of course, I would have whole song to dance about he did this and they did that and he had a good time. I wonder if he's akin to Mark Q in the former PD at the INZ if he's a real win. Remember Mark Q? Do you remember him? Then we had that seminar at Passenwood at Asselt Walters say, oh yeah, oh my god. I guess I did that live sprake early, didn't I? I'm not really sure why I did that. I don't care. I don't care either because we got out of the way. Now we have a nice long one and a long segment too. It's a way to be a chance to just read this. From CBS News, X-Aid says Paul misled Americans. In other words, he's a freaking liar. The person responsible for analyzing the Iraqi weapon structure, Cole and Paul, says the Secretary of State misinformed Americans during his speech at the UN last winter, and he is, Greg Dealman tells correspondent Scott Pellie of CBS news that the time of Powell's speech erected not pose any imminent threat to anyone, not even its own neighbors. I think Mike inclusion about Powell's speech now is that it's probably one of the low points in his long distinguished service to the nation says the element. Peliz reports broadcast on 60 minutes too on CBS last night while the rest of us were watching a Marlon Cubgain. The human also tells Pellie that he believes that the decision to go to war was made first and that the intelligence was interpreted to fit that conclusion, kind of like the war in commission. The main problem was that the senior administration officials have what I call faith based intelligence in says the element. They knew what they wanted the intelligence to show. They were really blind and depth to any kind of counterfailing information. The intelligence community would produce, I designed some blame to the intelligence community and most of the blame to the senior administration officials. Steve Alonson and it does another UN inspectors in Iraq also boxed Powell's speech. Various people would laugh at Various time during Powell's speech and the authority was presenting was just, you know, didn't mean anything had no meanings at Alonson. Peli asks, when the secretary of state finished the speech, you and the other inspectors turned to each other and said, what? Alonson responds, they have nothing. Alonson gives Pellie several examples of why he believes Iraq didn't have weapons of instruction. One time he was sent to find decontamination vehicles that turned out to be fire trucks. Another time a satellite spotted what they thought were trucks used for biological weapons. We were told we were going to decide to look for refrigerated trucks specifically linked to biological agents, Alonson told Peli, we found seven or eight trucks. I think in total they had cobwebs in them. Some samples were taken and nothing was found. Along came a spider and said to Albysider, eating its curds in way. I didn't like that, huh? Not like her, didn't. So like I've been telling you all the long, freaking liar was all the sighted in 1999, four years ago, up front long ago. Guys, in good weather, story about how Halibuton is overcharging is ripping off the public. You see that story? Yeah, from the Washington post by suit planning, no relation to Vic Fleming, remember the Vic Fleming trope? No. Are you Westernocratic lawmaker, yesterday accused Halibuton, the Texas oil services company once run by Vice President Dick Cheney, of overcharging the West government for gasoline, the firm imports into Iraq. A bunch of thieves of much of Bandito stole the 2000 election, and they take over the whole goddamn world. Just like the lone ranger in reverse, like Robin Hood in reverse, stealing from the poor given to the rich. Halibuton's subsidiary Kellogg Brown and Ruth has a contract with US Army Corps of Engineers to rebuild Iraq's oil sector, which has included importing gasoline products and short supply to the Earl Rich Nation. Minions of Americans want to help Iraqis, but they don't want to be fleece by Halibuton, representative Henry Waxman, at Baldgart from California with a little mustache told in his conference. Waxman said Army document sure that as of September 18, US had paid Halibuton $300 million to import about 190 million gallons of gasoline into Iraq. Halibuton charged an average price of $1.59 per gallon, excluding companies fee of 27% said Waxman. He said the average wholesale cost of gasoline in that period in the Middle East was about 71 cents a gallon, a figment oil industry source told writers was accurate, which meant that Halibuton was charging more than 90 cents a gallon to transport fuel into Iraq from Kuwait. When we checked within dependent experts to see if this fee was reasonable, they were stunned, said Waxman, adding a reasonable transport cost would be 10 to 25 cents a gallon, especially as the US military was providing security. Waxman said letter yesterday the White House Office of O and the OMP complaining that KBR was overcharging for petroleum products, so Ben Dobre again to get ready to be ahead, okay, America? Just bend over spread your cheeks. I don't have a good time doing it. Our in 26 minutes away from that magic moment. I want to clock. I've this bit or not being a more priest stuff. Let's see, here's what it says you have to go to www.560.com, QAMBUB. It's better than the stations on Webso. Well, I thought that's in much, let's say anything. No, it's got great historical stuff from the station old sound bites and pictures of all the old DJs, probably most of them running. Jennifer and Miramar says you couldn't be more correct about all the Fony Marlin fans. You got it Jennifer's sweetheart, including myself. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Jennifer wants him to get snush. No chance. I'll tell you why Marharts with Minnesota twins being raised there, but they stuck up to Trump with the, the spickable Yankees, so I'll root for the Marlins, and when they win I can't wait to see Mr. Sealing's face. My twins wouldn't be any more if he had his way. Too bad the twins and Marlins ain't in the world series. Can you imagine his push then? I can't even imagine his push now he's such a twirp. Would love tickets of your show is, what do we, would love tickets? If not your show is awesome and thanks for the laughs. Jennifer and Miramar, I was doing so well till I got to the last sentence. Wasn't I? I was just yucking it up with the song. I was just reading a long sing of the song and then would love tickets. If not, yeah, at least he still likes the show. Even though I am doing it from far away, you know. This way to those numbers come out man. We're going to be kicking some serious ass again. They can feel it. I can smell it regardless of whether I'm sitting in Amsterdam in Mississauga in Massapique. We're number one. Yeah me. Like I've always said it's just so amazing to me. Asoles who call up a talk show and then start, well, you're show really blows or you're show used to be a, and they're listening. I don't listen. Somebody sitting there with a gun to their head. They're listening voluntarily of their own free freaking will. Man, oh man. Where will he be next year? Will he be? He's say will he be? I know. I do that in purpose. I think I'm going to do something about him. Oh yeah? No, I'm just kidding. Okay. I'm not helping. Yeah, he's a piece of crap. Here's the poll question. Who is or was your favorite radio disjuck? Most of all time. Rick Shaw 29. Wolf Man Jack 25. Keep curry 12. Let's hear it for kick curry. See that local impact just like you said. Do you rentals nine? Cause in Bruce E.8. Larry Lou Jack six. Dick pertain five. That's my choice. Murray the K-4 Dick Beyond before Scott Muni. Pilly Scott Muni three. Allison Steele's got a pair of highlets. Got two. Is Jeff Highlitt? Bill Bailey's got two. Jim Dunlap one. Joe Niagara. George the Hound Dog Lorenz. You have one Tom Lacey one. No votes yet for Tommy Shannon. Tommy Shannon show. It really blow. Peter Tripp no on. Lijillet none. Jerry Blavitt none. And Dave Schafer from C.K. L.W. has none. That really pisses me off. You know what? I mean, I love Dick pertain. And I'd be lying if I said he was my favorite. But I'd like to change my vote if I could. Which I can't. Okay. Just like he crashed my computer and started all over again. Is think that's a good idea? Eric can change your vote. No, I don't want to change. But Dave Schafer want to have like something. We don't have too many Detroit people in C.K.L.W. Yeah. Do you think I have a Dave Schafer jingle one here? Because I got about eight million. I'll go through all of them. Huh? That's a fantastic. I think I'm going. Oh no way to do this. Right in here. This one for our good friend Woody Graber. Who used to be our good friend except he gives us a lot of crappy tickets for concerts. The next break is a podcast. He gives us good tickets for concerts. Time, love, and and C.K.L.W. And then if you didn't like that, there was always- I know. Ladies and gentlemen, the Tom Shannon Show. C.K.L.W. Boy, woulder C. How do you like that, huh? You ask, and we got him. Now we got all kinds of crap. This is the only radio show in America that's got this much crap. Trust me what I tell you. In fact, it's a four hour show. But any people say, what are you talking about for four hours of an annual? I say crap. Yeah. What kind of calls do you get? On your show. Yeah. What kind of people call in? What do you have to give away your appearances? What's a great weed like? How they treat and scot for real? What's Moa Howard weed like? You see how that comes to your handy? Man, all the crap all the time. All the crap you could unwrap. Oh man, you know something he's going to have spilky's now. His kissies have to be twisted. Worst in mine with my IVS, which is a lot better today by the way. What is his nasty stuff, you know it? And you want to know why I'm in this shape? I looked in the mirror. I don't know what it is before I went to bed last night. Yeah. I was in there brushing my teeth. And I looked in the mirror. And I was so grossed out and disgusted. And I pulled my underwear down. So I could see. I don't want to see that because I can't imagine. But just to see the other poopic. The other rest of my stuff. And all the cheese. You know what I'm talking about? All that. All the cottage cheese fat. Right. And I said to myself, that is absolutely disgusting. No, not eating. It is. Yeah. It's gruesome. You need to sit up. And I wonder why I got this. These kishki zaking with this irritable bowel. I think you. The only way to stop the irritable bowel is with a towel. You were just to take that. Back to him. Twenty-two noon man. And hour and twenty minutes away from that big. Puking do sing. Moment. And you know what we're all going to do. When that moment comes, we're going to take a big. Yeah. Five. And the local. These five-sixties. Three years old. You're. You. And. You're one of the millions of people who've been praying to hear the Pope singing on his own CD. Your prayers have been answered. Now through a special arrangement with the Vatican, his holiness is back. And he's singing better than ever on the Pope sing. He's a love me to lead through the space. My name is Pope John Paul. Yes, it's Pope John Paul II. Singing songs that will lift you up. And make you get down. And start and play that organ new is a choir boy. Play that organ music night. Play that organ music choir boy. Play down and blow the end play that organ music delight. Which might be so wrong. The Pope sings. Get you the chance to hear the many sides of the owner of the Pope will. All the love of Pope will be much better than the other of the stupid head. He's the partner. And on the CD he's the boss. You should be playing finger. You should know how to begin but think of the church play high stakes if you want to. You're here to be the poor if you lose your church or go out and play finger. Be a decent man. Be a decent man. Oh, 69. I'd like to play the minute. The Pope sings is available now with a special introductory prize. Get it and save yourself. Five dollars per ring. And look who's on right now. He's early or before Catholic Cardinals. You know, as one of those people was in part of the Catholic masses out there. I'd like to know why the hell I need the rest of us should care about this crap. We don't speak in a crap and the answer is we don't most of the world don't give a crap including the 97% of the people in the Italy who don't go to church. Remember that's where I had a couple of days ago about that attending guy. 97% of the people are on to this crap. Okay, they are not involved. They don't want no part of it. This silly old man in the dress who's on the way out anyway. But there is pool. Allegroism managing editor. There is pool. And the CNN is broadcasting live and emotional and psychotic from Rome. Can you imagine how many get's he's are in Rome right now? Okay. How many million? About 30 million. Wow. All rubbing your beads together. And then of course the Swiss Guard. They're probably rubbing them a little bit too. Frank formally a Boston says Artigus Bird with the greatest shock on Boston AM radio. He was no Melvin, X Melvin. I'll tell you that. He was on WMAS color radio. Artigus always claimed Sam the shaman of Pharaoh's mention him at the start of Woli. They listen to what and they do. They mention Artigus Bird. They go like that. Go the adventure car hop and say, woo, woo, aren't against bird and get free fries. Can you imagine driving up into a drive and say, woo, woo, aren't against bird? No, I can't. No, you really don't. Would be gay. Even somebody is cheap as you. You know, even somebody is cheap as Scott who makes about 40 cent a week. And he hasn't got the first installment yet. Even he wouldn't. He probably would. Free fries. I'm good to me. Yeah. I can't. You do it. He would like anything for free. In fact, now let me just ask this since I'm not there since I'm so far away, corned out of the guy. Are you feeding this man every day or not? How is this feeding the entire station every day? All right. Let's hear it for how he's think of this for that. So at least he's getting something for free. Okay. We can keep him alive. Enough. Just enough food to have energy to make the crank calls. It was X, Y. How is the pull coming? Who is or was your favorite radio district? You have all time Rich Shaw 34. We got a battle. Wolfman Jack 32. Kids, skurbies doing good. 14. Because I don't think I've ever heard him on my probably the long time ago. On why I'm 100. I never heard him on power. Are you wondering why? You know why. Because I don't listen to it. Because in Bruce Lee, we got a lot of misspelling's on here and we don't really care if we're proud of it. Because in Bruce Lee deserves to be misspelled because he's a real asshole. 11 with a bad hair piece. I spelled you are lucky. Joey Reynolds and other assholes got 10. Larry Louge has seven dick perten six. Allison's deal for Murray decay for dick beyond a four. A lot of dick son is pull. Scott Muni three. High let's got a pair. Jim Dunlap Scott two. Bill Bailey two. Bill Bailey. Tommy Shannon's got two. Probably a fat boy and Woody Graver. Joe Niagara one. Dave Shea for got a vote. Let's hear it. Dave Shea for from C.K. L.W. Johnny Darks one. We don't know which one they're holding for. George the Hondog Lorenz is got one misspelled. That's okay. Lee, let's go one. Tom Lacey one. Peter Tripp. Aren't against Burgunds. You're a blive. Don't have any. Gonz пожалуйста. Is it only a 1000's or if it's a million fertilizer gold or more arethan, for a family, or 200.43, you better get one of you Laws to people who a are individuals. If you could put like. On this list, We can have Bruce Bradley on from W uneasy Jefferson K. Dave Mainerd Carol, the sews, if we we do i want to make it a very important scientific pull do. What do l. G. to see if you're a little bit better. minutes from now McGill will be in the QM fan at P.O. Thailand Carpet 2101 West of the London Boulevard and Pompano we think now he might he might have some stuff for you we know he's got the best meal CDs he's got the more Howard David Keychains and he's got some my mad dog Keychains too oh right what I'm hearing and for those who make it a nation with band of Pat Rescue movie passes to the premiere of Radio on Saturday courtesy of the Rio de Janeiro pages from Belsa what is that about radio it's a bottle of football playing mongo oh seriously what is it about a football playing mongo it is yes well the why is it called radio that's his name oh that's the name of the mongo yes he ain't no pressures from passions I'll tell you that right now Mr. but he's five six seven oh but he might be precious five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line WQAM yeah I want to talk to me speaking oh hey Neil hey right real real quick on the on the call F.K.L.W. Max Kinkled you remember Max no you don't remember Max is on at night and that's a single never heard Kinkled no let me see let's see if Max Kinkled got a jingle okay cuz he might he might I think he did I'm sure yet all kinds of those founders and everything you guys use and yeah I definitely remember him from like about seventy free never heard of you yeah you was you were very good how about Frank Brody Frank Brody K.L.W. carry Mitchell yeah Jim Edwards John Williams Pat's I can't you and he's turned to have anywhere of course I mean it was a well big year like fifty thousand won sure big eight hundred a pan Scott Regan all the way to have a great day I don't know put any of those under because nobody knows how a Charlie van Dyke he was in the tray was big in LA how Charlie van Dyke I'll get some let's get some Dykes on a pool what do you say about that's your end of the day let's put Charlie on a Charlie van Dyke he was gigantic he was big in fact if you talk realize how my play is jingle if we can get blind mic to come and we're playing a whole bunch of jingles here just to make him happy on this moment this day when the ratings are coming up who might talk at about Charlie van Dyke oh yeah and Kimba now why do you say that are you talking about bad about Kimba bulk camper again or about that bitch that's on what is she on again light I don't know she ought to be unhappy not on life and now ladies and gentlemen Charlie van Dyke show 1151 nine minutes till noon I can't believe this show is smoking long and you know it's just a matter of time that clock is riddled endlessly moving ahead toward one and if that moment I'm gonna be some real real spastic regular explosions absolutely probably in both of that's all the crap you can unwrap that's what he's gonna drop today and when you got the hour by our on Monday then you're really gonna hear some that's a hooded heavy duty hey hey he gets prizes with one with about a three if he if he breaks a three five in his two hours in men I'll be shocked you'll break wind I'll be amazed I'll I'll bend over right in front of the mic and fart with heavy duty for you taking all full consequences even if it might be liquid or solid I just can't believe it but you will never know that's true I will tell you though never gonna use that way to Q.A.M. speaking pretty good how you did a sir what about daddy hey is the loop and Chicago she was wonderful panty haze never patty a no she's been around for on the twenty five years never heard of patty he's going on just make you happy I'm about patty Murray there you go we want to put her on there and honor of the WGTR patty Murray put around is how about her minimum make the being as a as a combo what do you mean by that oh we're not gonna put any combos on here oh no I'm just asking do you want to list it separate or in fact they're skipping being that is what he's saying that he went friends with that now let's not put them on here okay patty Murray on she was nice yes she was nice to us then she died they put a plaque on the van and changed the station the month later yeah they put a book in a man and they're not a patty Murray they changed the whole format five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on here what I tell you great robbers that's the day to this business including Disney man was he there was there that was him that was before Bobby Green came to town screwed everything up the anxious moustache you might Disney never trust an asshole from Chicago that's my opinion I'm like Disney I bet you he's like it is wounds today Mr. Cubshan huh the Cubs suck Mike that's my opinion I'm like Disney they blow they choke that's my opinion I'm like this you can hear the gagging sounds all the way across the lake that's my opinion I'm like Disney did you hear that they on there there were people you know that's you know the fan that interview with that plan yes I sure there's a local group down here that wants to bring him on down and uh... hook about yeah we had that I think we put that on a website sorry that story they want to give them hotel come down treat him right all the stuff about the uh... demand some fans blame for choosing that cubs because you reach out touch the file ball that moishi alu is trying to catch is a day how do you like to run a carry woodhead last night's got how about that that no I'm I mean it marlins still one soon I have to get all better but that was a hell of a that was a bomb it sure was was a nice fact three to pitch a fastball right down the middle as fat as me in fat rich and he just belated man he could like to see that he would say he crushed it it was amazing the man could do it all he can he's good but he of course is pitching last night left a little bit to be desired just a little anyway uh... this guy coaches youth baseball in the northern chicago suburbs the barman twenty six and top right of it is pretty pissed off that people are saying Steve barman's name and putting his picture on the air as he as he was mentioning his name works at he would associate and international consulting firm in Lincoln sure he is an ass ocean at he would he's not come to work today the city as to the because of the incident Susan the god of marries they spoke to him for he would said yesterday morning that was the decision that Steve and human resources made together ha ha we have been in contact with Steve he's in a cave he's under the serious tower and you'll ever see his answer again in fact he's undergoing plastic surgery at this moment the man who answered the door to the north brocomer friends and a neighbors at barman grew up to finish him saying he only did work in naturally when a file ball came his way he's a huge comes fan said the man who responded to mr. Bartman i sure taught him well i've taught him a catch foul balls when the come near him he declined to say no more see if they would have one last night everybody said a. all forgiveness to come on us that's part of your invited the celebration we're going to the world's newest but not that i got their ask it and they took and ganged again seriously if they want to string somebody up how about their alicine zollas uh... i say there since there are two one at one side by each uh... it wasn't the it wasn't the play that broke the camels back it was still like uh... three to one it was a run around uh... for whatever it were first and second right sure one out five out to wait for mapping it up and here's a perfect tailor made double play ball to alicine zollas anybody who is in easy to never trust him to reach the reason alicine zollas and he boots a baby he booted it that was the end of that from that moment on it was like here crack it's ridiculous you know bill buckner in eighty six right they should be a good right they should all go around their alicine zollas and the cubs and the steve brum whatever's name is all together side by each one one five this mark Morgan is the twelve to one hour on q eight mile I know that Don't get left this up They probably have a real hairy back, hands up, give the booth, talk about it just around in the right. You can't tell if there are genomes and junk, oh my girls should keep their clothes off. Oh my girls should keep their clothes off. Come on boy, we got less than an hour to go to let big to little hand hits the big hand and people start dropping gigantic load. That's a loop all over time, especially in Boko. You catch my drift, catch on, catch on, catch on, get a big net. Oh, gonna be a lot to catch, I'll tell you that right now. Who is or was your favorite video dish jocky, not a top show host of all time and Wolfman Jaskot 44. Rick Shaw 40, Kid Korea 18, it's strictly like you said a two-horse race, how do you know that is it fixed? No. Kid Korea 18, cousin Brucey 12, Joey Reynolds has got 12, that's more than his entire audience when he was an odd. Oh, not even Kylie's got the guy with the eyes and he's got the Billy, the Billy, the Billy, the Louis X7, Dick Beyond these six, Dick Pertn 6, Allison's deal five, Arnold Ginsberg, woo, who's got foe, really case got foe, Johnny Darz got foe, puny Scott by Bentley Lee and Lindsay Joyce I'm not top of it, I'm high you are. How could you tell? I played some of that yesterday. That's enough of a wolf manjack. We don't want to give him like an edge in advantage. 560, 505, 60 pound, 5060 on the AT&T and Verizon line. We got 100 bucks. She had out there at the van. Well, no, why are you making sounds like that? It's already 1203. And you think they would have been lined up out there at the QM van at Pino Thailand Carpet at 2101 West and Lightning Boulevard in Pompano. Oh, that's pretty good. Oh, by the way, I don't think they even... What? Whatever I'm selling those tickets for will be face value, you know? Isn't it illegal to charge like more than face value for tickets to a sporting event? I don't know anything about that. I don't either. In fact, I don't know anything about an antique. I don't know about sporting events either. Anyway, only for those who donate today to a band of Pair Rescue, the movie passes to the rear of Radio on Saturday courtesy of the real little pages from Nelson. We got 32 grand for Band of Pair Rescue going to today, and we appreciate to fact that Adam and Sales came up with at 75 bucks. He's taken put us over 32. And that's it from inside, Duffin' to Adam, and that's it. And Curtis. Thanks Curtis. I must have... Curtis gave us 100 bucks, didn't he? Yes he did. Now, what does that tell you? Here's Curtis, who works on Mad Dog or Hank. What does he work? Mad Witch? I'm Amabacho. Here's a goddess making like five bucks an hour. Right? There hasn't got four dimes to rub together. And he comes up with 100 bucks. We've got people in that building, making triple digits. People stealing money out of that place who never... The heaviest thing they lift all week is maybe their unit, their paycheck. Yeah, they're the paycheck, right. That's right. And they have donated a dime this year to a band of Pair Rescue, or realize it's only October 16. But what's the story here, huh? The story is... Yeah, that's right. They don't give a crap. That's exactly right. And there's that word again. There it is again. They don't give a good flying... Right. Couldn't have said it better myself. Couldn't have taken it better by myself. So, you know, it like always. There's always been a case. There are people who post you and wow, you know, that Neil. He's... Amin Island. It's the Neil Roger Island. At least where the island is back where belongs to, to his opposed to the island. You're big and fatten you float. Right, dude. Like her goddamn elephant. Great DJs, WQMs, Johnny Andrews, never heard of him. Pittsburgh's porkey chess wig, never heard of him. And the legend, Alan Fried. Now we're talking. Let's get Alan Fried on there. Let's look him all on there. We got two. You did? No, I'm trying to work ahead. Let's get Alan Fried out of jail and get him put some oxygen. Obviously, we can bring him back to life. Yeah, let's get Alan Fried. Let's get Alan Fried is right. Do not pass, go. Poor Alan Fried, you know? So let's wrong. We're taking my to play records on here. Let's bring it back. When you say, I'll do that. In fact, we can be tearing about two months. It would get enough. All right. Oh, make some calls. Then you can bring back our old board up, because instead of money, we'll take... Yeah, like I don't know. As John says, instead of cash, it would take like... They'd take a BC powder. Sure. I'm going to resell that. Huh? Right here in the building, I could. 560, 70560. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon world of fun. See if I shut off the button that's his return. Then it's a whole different story. Ha ha ha ha ha. Then I have to hear your crap. W to Q AM. Hello. How long did Big Wilson? Big Wilson. He was a distirky. Guess you are. Okay, you got a man. All right. Hello, Big. Goodbye, Big. Poor Big Wilson. Not a dead people on this list. Is Maria Kaste alive, you know? I don't. I think he's dead. Should I look it up? Whatever. It'll only take like a half a second on here. I could probably find some audio. Found it up. Huh? He's what? I just wrote Maria K and here on my Google on my Google search, Official Home Page of Maria K. Well, biography. Well, this will sure tell you. W-1-S, Group W. Wasting House for Boston, W-B-Z. He was a showbiz kid. His mother and the anti-invodveld. His mom has a penis. His aunt is a performer and Maria himself appeared as one of many child actresses. And several Hollywood films in the 1930s. 19 What? About 30 men. Wow. When real military service came along, Maria couldn't quite pull off a section A discharge wound up organizing entertainment for the troops. Yadiyada Yadiyani, the reborsched building of cat skills and the offices need to dissony did that. And the end of the 1950s, he's got to be dead, don't he? You think? Well, this is a long thing. His battle with cancer was elusing one by the end of one season. He had to withdraw from soundtrack giving up his slot to Gary Owens. Oh, why don't we have Gary Owens on our list? Who was that some West Coast people on, huh? We do know. Gary Owens. Within a year at the age of 60, Maria Kofman was dead. Yet as legacy lives on through the artist whose careers he advanced from Bobby Daryndead, Wayne Newton to Dion and Little Anthony. Beyond Warwick. Not Dion to Moochie. The motivation, the innovations he brought in the music broadcasting, the thunder and call of the submarine race watchers. Oivee Abbey it says. Abbey is on. There he goes, Maria K. He's dead. Dead for a lot of like 43 years. And I'm asking him to see his little life. Jesus Christ, we a little bit. And nobody knows that's the best part of nobody cares. Especially Scott, you ought to be embarrassed being from that neck of the woods. I knew that. I knew that. You knew what? I know the area. Maria K. He was before my time, but nobody said Dan Ingram. Dan Ingram. I got some Dan Ingram stuff and he ran out going to play it. I could. Did I play it? Can you stop me? Dead. Go for it. Well, it's going to take now. I got to go back to that real radio thing again. This is just killing time. Is what it looks like to me. That's it. Fine, what I mean? Here's real radio. And then what am I looking for? Dan Ingram. Oh, this is working so slow now. And here's the real radio tap 40 repository. No listen to the repository. Stick it up your ass and then you type in. You type in if this thing ever moves along. Can you? Well, here are. Find it. I can't. I can't. I can't. I wrote in there. Oh, oh. Something to do with Tom Welling. I don't want to tell you. Swilling. Oh, wait a minute. Dan Ingram. I did it. It's just clicking. Find it. It's going to go to the thing. It's very slow. What is that all about? Alpey. Here. Oh, look at the Dan Ingram cut to hear my guy. Holy, come on. Man, you are going to believe it. There's more Dan Ingram cuts in here than you can shake your wick at. You want to hear just like one, maybe? No, let's hear him off. You want to hear him off? I'll take a little bit. Yeah. And I guarantee this one will start playing any separate. Sing it out loud. No, I got somebody like you because the they would call me. Kid Jay Grain. Yeah, everybody likes to get up at a crack in the middle. And I don't take up terribly ag 재밌. Something sunny, fond. I could not get that though. Damn, you. Thank you all your good. These 60 minutes passed. Here's the one, I guess. Commit ту lemms. With showers and thunderstorm showers today. I'm currently cloudy towards evening and I mean, he's going to read sometimes afternoon probably, you know, like coming in early in the morning, early in the afternoon and clearing up. Hi, near 80 today, he's going to be clear warm and moist the human death in the 70s. Tomorrow's sunny hot at 90 to 95, but he'll be tuned in the night. The other Thursday fair, more hot than here with weather. He got 80% chance of rain today, unless it doesn't rain, unless it's a 0% chance. Well, I don't feel like it's going to rain, but I'm not 59, finally cloudy. WWE VZ D-Greeze. WWE VZ D-Greeze. Complete place and ready of the station that blocks you. All right, here's the joke. Except that fires are unbeatable at you. New York, New Jersey, fairfield County, Chrysler, and Flimitz, Taylor's. Clevver is the official guy of the New York vets in the next setting. It's 18 past six right now. WWE VZ. Oh, I'm going to slip away. Pulling in that morning for her Moscow Anderson, on your like that. How come he's not on there? That was great. Wasn't that great? I love that. Danny Grimman. And as many times as I listen to Danny Grimman, WWE VZ, I never realized before that he's really the same person as Sunny Fox. He just takes up a copy of his nose and then he becomes the H.O.A. I mean, Danny Grimman. And we got her Moscow Anderson on there, please. Do it now. Well, thank goodness for that. Hello again. Don't we have a bit about that somewhere? The Ohio now. Huh? I know that I played Danny Grimman, I'll hold computer just for us up. It's just going to be an achievement now. Can you can you believe that? I sure can't. I'm after he boots his damn thing. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Peter Crabkimo, sorry. How's the Miguel? Do we got 200 bucks yet out there at the event? Payton heard. What does that mean? I haven't gotten a call yet. Well, you better show it off. You kept saying those erroneous things. Like what? Like he's going to be there? Like he's going to be there. He was on van is at Pino, Thailand, Carpet. 2101 West Atlantic Boulevard in Pompada with a best in the Elmerge nice, the Mad Dog managed key chains. The more Howard David key chains offer a good cause of an impar rescue. What tell all we waiting for? I think my computer's froze up now. He's got passes to radio. He's got passes to radio and he might even give you a free radio. This thing is just all screwed up now. So they're in a break. I'm going to have to deal with it. Okay. Frubbin is passed new. That's only 48 minutes away from that. Teaching hour. Toaching hour? It's going to be brutal man. It's going to be unbelievable. You'll see. You'll see. You'll have a big number in there. And then of course, like I said, we'll have to wait till Monday. All week long, these people are going to have beyond spilkeys. They're going to be foaming at them out. You'll see. Even the Graham are going to have spilkeys. Speaking of eating, one of the best kept dining sequences located in cross springs. The cold coast seafood grows just celebrated the one year anniversary and they got three and a half stars from the Sun Sentinel Showtime Dining Review. The cold coast seafood grows got all kinds of great specialties like Mango Plum Salmon. I'm encrusted by him. I'm Orange Honey Glazed Sea Bass and Craven's Shrimp Stuff Trout. There's an unbelievable bar atmosphere with extensive wine and martin list too. Big martinis in Happy Hour only five and a half bucks from 4 to 7pm every day seven days a week. You'll find a cold, cold coast seafood grill in Cros Springs, 252 North University Dravinside, the beautiful walk shopping center for reservations and more information called 9.5 4 2.5 5 fish. Don't forget you can die inside around time but if you like large parties, private functions welcome to. So I experienced the best kept secret in lunch and dinner in South Florida, the cold coast seafood grill in Cros Springs. There are 2752 North University Dravinside, the walk shopping center. That's the cold coast seafood grill where you'll find great seafood at great prices. Oh, this is the most restaurant you'll find since you have a QAM. For fabulous W views. Yeah, I knew all to save all in a bag of sedan I won't get up inside my company car Girl, I got the picture It's actually not in my hand I'm gonna make a new rainy old star I'm gonna save all baby I can do anything I want to do I'm your consultant woman And I'm gonna make a song to you I'm gonna pass through That's all the crap, Joe That's all for me, love I don't got the boy, yeah I've got the power to roll this intro Oh, you, you, you, you, you Oh, I do Well, I have a way to get your own show I'm the station down in Hollywood And I don't care if you're reading the law I guess as long as you can stroke people I'm off the same bar baby And you'll do anything I want to do I'm your consultant woman Spread your legs when I desire you I'm gonna bow you Oh, you, you, you, you, you You're gonna bow you That's why I'm like consulting Cause I'm just an ass Oh, you, you, you Probably 18 at 5'50 WCM House McGill doing a got 500 yet 120 and Yes You know how it's funny to suggest and imply that he might have things that he doesn't Right No end of the phone is ringing off the hook at our good friends of Pino Tire with Afel Moran's asking a wedding How many Marlins tickets they have there? Yeah Just for what it's worth Well, like I said, I'm not really sure That he has any Oh, guy What? I heard a rumor Here's a thanks for Marty and Miami He says, what's up, Neil? What's up? I was wondering if you're gonna sell your tickets And so how much? A face value It's against the law to sell your tickets For more than face value It just dawned on me And plus I wouldn't sell them anyway There's so precious You see, I'm in desperate need to show my friends that I'm cool and this social that would be perfect I mean, really nobody might be really likes to Marlins But as long as we have nothing else to do What the hell? Let me know about those tickets Well, who's this from? Marty, hey Marty No That's the answer, very short Brief Nine Nine No No Let me know about the tickets And love your show For your pool how about Cox on a radio He'd also, oh, that's bad Cox in a box Yeah Don Cox Why not put them on there? I'd respect you just croaked for crying out That's how he's working Can do Put them on there, Don Cox What about Sunny Fox? He was a DJ Sure And let's get some more of these local people Under that they know about besides this, you know All these other foreigners We should, I do remember Max Pinkle now Is it not that somebody Facts me this thing from Bill Board But how he did the jury list Telefond and 73 on Channel 50 in Detroit From a school of dystrophy And after 20 continuous hours Broke the Telefond's all-time record Fridinations when he might have seen it over a million dollars A million dollars we got 32 grand for a band of per rescue And here next Pinkle, even with the name like that from CQL WD raised a million dollars in 20 hours On a jury list Telefond Sci-fi, Stein Cox Who might even out? Local local DJs Come on, let's get with it Record spinners Of note? Yeah Not just ordinary, how about roll the pearl? Okay, there you go Roll the pearl, these are good guy, we like him I 95, I just like the way he used to say that I don't know what it is He never said anything else I remember But I 95 He just had the perfect way of saying that And he can still be heard on every commercial you hear it Kits Country Right He's still saying I 95 How does he come to work on I 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and see it right Hey, the purchase is getting to his baby It's only 38 minutes to one o'clock Oh Gonna be a pressure packed one to two hour today, man You're gonna be here if you smell anything strange in South Florida There you'll know where it's coming from What? I mean it's downwind from Boko From somebody's house I don't know what we don't want to mention on here Well, plus there are other people Have a nervous breakdown every time the rating book comes out in addition to which In that last trend and I realize we're losing a real good mate Keep that in my ear June we're losing right this July on uh we're losing what are we going to July? No, this is August September October So we'll lose the really solid July. I think a 73 in it But the station if you recall was number one in men And not just our day part remember that correct because morning had ghost up thanks to Feral And after no is mad dog and a hump or got an unbeatable combination they're doing it on those four days Year when they're both working which days not one of them But so it's gonna be pretty interesting there could be like double whiny bonus on there Right first for if mode doesn't register on too bad don't drag us down don't bring us down Oh, hey did already send you the facts about what this one right here look a whole thing Liz wild and don't Cox no Liz wild yeah Speak now local no now as well No, no chain. We want to put this while on there. We're gonna need votes, but it'll okay play on there just to embarrass her Oh, we asked Energy But land energy on air what do you say huh? I was not ironic that I just got through playing that the other day Which I never dreamed I would play it again just like the ball-der-sabo thing because this audience don't know from What other pre-let's heart? Calves is on the end the what I can't think of her it'll come Kimba oh Kimba Who's that more on that used to be on and I'd be for me on say that right? I mean after me He's to do that lunch What he call gonsers grill gonsers grill Jeff gonser put him on there just for kicks just for laughs What are moron Jeff gonser? He was tragic Gonsers gra he wasn't a bad guy not saying he was like evil or anything like that He was one of the evil to worship the business, but he was just a moron Jeff guy he was like a lemming. I'll tell you was a real moron. It's a real isn't to later on until we worked at passion And he doesn't belong in lusk because he wasn't a visa so you don't dare to mention a name because then they wind up on the list Unless I do a disclaimer Was that Ford asshole not Henry John Ford? Are we put on what now? What about piece of turd remember those numbers that was when people drew us busy destroying 50,000 watt WINZ before they changed it to fox sports with their minimal shares I put an over the string a once prominent station right there. I keep saying it over and over again 940 in a middle that the wins great call letters unbelievable call letters and they changed your call letters That was like when WSYZ Detroit went talking it changed the WSYT if they're could possibly ever be a dumb or move Can you imagine you got W abc did they change your callers when they went talk? Oh no because they're great callators They're rules right off your tongue right? Yeah Couple of you don't change call letters like W abc and then W XYZ and Detroit legendary 1270 baby li Allen Joey rembles even Who else was and don's he He put the Z in WSYZ don's you know that? No, I didn't know it. I stuck a couple of the power 96 D days that we like on such an ass. I'll be so Contoni the Tiger There you go. I'll be so Contoni the Tiger because our poll is is or was and all you punks out there Martin left the thing at that luckily for you old fart selects the rest of us remember all these old aging dying What I would like Murray the case been dead what 80 years? God High lip he's probably dead Joey Reynolds well might as well Most of these people lower line what about Scott Munny he's still around puny Scott Munny? Patty Murray is dead damn it. Yes, lead you let his uh go to the big broadcast booth in this guy I'm actually Dave Shaker still around C.K. Oh, don't you see no matter where you lived you got that in then then The interesting part of it is that right next to it There is a station in Bon air. You know where Bon air is no It's just north of Caracas, Venezuela. It's a little island in the Netherlands and Tiles Bon air 810 and it's sucked about five billion watts because like Fidel they don't pay attention to international broadcast law And it used to some nights depending on where you were drawn out C.K. Oh, there it is all religion. It's paid religion Wonderful yeah Bon air. See a little piece of trivia for you there. I knew like that once upon a time when I was a Young man about 80 years ago I could like go up and down a whole AM band for you just off the top of my head and tell you every the the prominent station On every frequency on a radio you know, I mean Like you're 1180 was WHA and Rochester 1190 was WCAU in Philadelphia. I think or was that the W.A Well, well would for Wayne maybe 1210 was CAU. See how they have lost it all The important stuff like Gordon Fraser Jr that I remember and Harold Fisher and Sandy Fisher and Frank Todd Jr But the really meaningful stuff like about the business that I mean I couldn't begin to tell you Didn't you ever listen any of those stations like a thousand year one thousand was CFL 1010 was wins New York and also CFRB Toronto 1020 was KDK in Pittsburgh WB Z was 1030 and right up on down the line so I'm saying no in the Northway 11 1170 was WWVA in a Wheeling West Virginia which when KDK wasn't coming in real good by me in Rochester Wherever at high was then you tuned over to 1170 and WDWVA will have the power came in Bob Prince follow? No, good 27 past new morning 33 minutes away from the countdown boys Hey, if you're on a low carb diet like just about everybody these days. Here's a great story You're gonna love to do your shopping in the lights of West Boca Now you can go into your supermarket and get all the meat and cheese and see food and things like that for your Atkins about the low carb diets, but we're gonna eat your snacks We're gonna get things to keep you satisfied and happy and some with things with some taste to keep you on a straight-and-year Opath and here's the answer to the lights of West Boca. They've got over a thousand low carb products like vagales Brands cheesecakes muffin brownies chocolate pasta sauces chips dip soups catch-ups that great curbal out ice cream and lots more And don't forget to try the new good stuff champion like drinks and five delicious flavors So the light chocolate chip cookies curbal. I can't even cut a chocolate covered peanuts apple cinnamon granola by carbs since and lots Lots more and as always It the lights you can try anything the story before you buy it and they have all the icons products on sale all day Airbine even on Symmorastora You're open every day seven days a week from ten to ten at the lights and you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 next to Boston market you can call them tool free at 1 877 L-O-W-C-A-R-B low carb run away with slow carb.com don't forget to like so my spoke as your official atkins retail center My Sports radio 560 I don't lay down on my couch the club start high. This is Arnold and many people say that I should not be governor of California because I cannot pronounce a California I would like to glide my sister They are and pull out their testings now. I will prove I from California by singing now I wish they all could be California California Girls I wish they all could be California Girls yeah, yeah, the vocal Arnold will walk your head and vomit down your neck I think now What's wrong with Martin or Yeah, I'm not going to call you Sing the beach voice as Travis Arnold. What for me? I'm a f***ing Kennedy. Oh, it's a beautiful thing Just as I start a plan. I guess it was on there. They meeting of the mines Now use those terms loosely Arnold and El Presidente and they just switched from that right over to the Pope. Oh, they're looking at they under 125 Here we go. I never imagined in my wildest dream That I will be standing in front of you here as the governor elect of California Get out of here Arnold and take your buddy with you Here's a spy report. It says well in the car last night. I flipped over to Phil show fill are you sure and heard him talking about the Chinese? He then said how could they put him in space? They haven't even perfected the mow Howard haircut He then sheepishly gigled him went to commercial could he be listening? I'm listening. I need like that Oh, I'm sure he was talking about the three stitches. No, yeah, but wait a second Oh my god. How could he be out there listening? I'm listening. He's your because I'm tired and old and whatever else I'll always used to be the best in a business until I'm you know You know how that all goes with Phil. Okay, till he became a right wing an asshole and anyway I'm listening only 26 minutes away for the big-year moment of water clock and of course people are wondering what else Gonna have it on one o'clock big-heavy duty stuff man. You'll smell it So what's the story with Miguel out there? We got an update. We had 120 bucks. I was up taking a piece So he might have called during the phone is ringing off the hook over there. He doesn't have a whole bunch of those world series tickets Okay, doesn't have any I said he doesn't have a whole bunch more than more than maybe Okay, so if you get over there right away and ask him He got name world series tickets. He'll probably look at your real exasperated pissed off and probably he'd be like poison So well, that at least we're getting some people at least we're generating some entries. Don't you understand? Yeah There's a method in my meanness in my madness Get it? I did I mean 120 bucks that was like 15 minutes ago. That's pretty good the way things have been going It's been a real drag man when it's out. We got to drag it out And I'm money too So get over there. He's a penal talent carpet at 2101 West Atlanta Boulevard in Pompada with our best meal merch and nice for abandoned pet rescue and of course So who now are we to talk about the public out there when we got our own problems inside the building? Which people don't want to bring in a check or cash or like a bunch of tickets we could wrap along anything like that marbles rubber bands It ran anything. We'll take it if we can pet it get some cash board for abandoned pet rescue We'll take it but we got a lot of cheap cheap people of the Curtis and Muffinetset and Adam That's it out of a staff about 200 We got three people so far and have come to our help with a helping hand W to Q a m boring. Well good. They don't listen to it. W to Q a m hello Pretty good pal. I have to get in my vote for my favorite all-time DJ Would be Jackson Armstrong Yeah, I heard the name where the hell was he? on Chaman Toronto W P O P Hartford. Oh yeah Q 13 Maybe I could shit some light on your 96x WCJX was just six months. It was when they came back from their five years license suspension Oh, I see WMJX is the one that lost their license No WM I Q M like you they took over for them. My Q and Y 100 was beaten their butt All right, no okay, thanks. Do you have any idea what the just said no? He said WMQ WMXJ would WMXJ is magic one or two points seven You following it this? No, you're not Wolf Manjask got 59 votes Rick Shaw 47 Ricky Tickey That's like more than one free series been in the market pretty lame 47 he can do better than that Kid Curry 23 joy rembles 15 shows we got a lot of people either from Buffalo with like a bowl Lot of worldwide socks where they got bad taste that's a free vote What they're creeping that no they're not are free vote. That's his body's Don't say they're standing yet 15 listeners They've all voted cousin brucey 14 Larry Lou Jack 10 dick pertinent dick beyond the eight so they're 16 people like dick You got uh Allison steal six high-lit five Scott Muni five murder k5 Arnie Wu will Ginsburg five Johnny dark five and again see and we're not specifying Yeah, I mean how do you like specify We could we could have said our Johnny dark has And they wouldn't know which Johnny dark Well, we don't know we don't care cuz it's only five votes anyway. So I've asked about four Patty Murray three Jim done live three bill daily two Tom Shannon two Jerry Blabbet two George Lorenz appear don Cox is up to two now It that's something just went on a really moments ago. He's got a pair. It's part-time. Let's see one Gary O'ens has got one Dave shape her one her boss grandest and one Joan Agro one lead you let one Liz Wilds got one es pathetic LB silk one one for a big was no votes for a whole bunch of people Peter trip Charlie van Dyke Allen freed Porkey Cheswick Oh Is he kingdom mr. Cheswick you think the same one you think he wants his cigarettes Porkey Cheswick Johnny Andrews Earl the parole into energy Kimba Jeff guns are in toy the tiger have the big Oh, I'll speak of that to big. Oh, we can command dog to date and I wait a minute My corrected schedule here. It still says Jim managed to the four that shows you what clearance knows It was that have we had another change or change you have changed no Meaning what it's still the big. Oh, it's still the big. Oh, what bad news So we apologize profusely the entire staff of management at WQ I'm not only that the man dog in here today, but that the big It's gonna be filling in Pretty sad WQ AM Hey, I just picked up my gym minutes key change It's like Excellent Sounds to me He's probably only got about a dozen life form a guy on his computer pino talent carpet 21 West Atlanta, but I'm sorry there. I'm too a clock. You better get over there real fast You better hurry you're gonna lose out man on a golden opportunity What are you laughing about? People want their freaking tickets man. They want those world series tickets. They're all mulling fans now They're gonna you could have if you could open up that whole stadium and just let people they'd be lined up from the stadium all the way to the radio station Right, let's put that I think I just had a great idea They can pick up their tickets after radio station and then just head up the Ivory road door to the box right How's that's freaky gay Carlos? So when they were coming on the day between two and four Now he didn't have a lot how many tickets you got about third man? I'm gonna big old comes on if you real what? But you got some time You got a pretty 50- You start walking after you get to tickets okay because the games aren't until next Tuesday when's the in Thursday at pv park The first games are Saturday and Sunday in Boston. I mean in New York where it'll help uh, they're gonna play and then you got a day off and then Tuesday Wednesday at pv park And you know how far how close we are to the stadium sure you could go bowling out there You could roll bowling ball from where we sit in that station where from where you sit That's the Darwin P from right here just down when moke could drop a big one You could be picking Dingo Berry and we're so close to the stadium they could with it They could smell it In fact just like today and like I said before anything it happens at 105 all over Palm Beach County especially and Northern Broward look out It's not gonna be a pretty sight Sad old man sitting out in the goddamn Lons here just like Sarah Goldfarb can you see it? Yes, if from here 1241 is 560 WQM if you're underpaid overworked under appreciated to make a long story short If your job sucks, you're not making any money. Here's the answer. Get yourself some training get a real career by calling fast train toll free 1 866 fast train They can have you train in certified before years end and don't forget the demand for computer professionals is where it's at a Continuous to grow so there's no better time than right now to get to a new high-paying computer career Fast train offers job placement assistance convenient dating weekend skills and with six floor locations It's really four right in south Florida there is bound to be a fast train close by you fast train Office financial assistance for people to qualify too so pick up that phone to make a call that will change your life forever And instead of working for peanuts and for a real smug get a real job and start making a big fat paycheck Call fast train that they know excuse to stay to did and job normal Check them out of the web at fast train.com and then make that call 1 866 fast train And look all this is for 205 60 Oh, yeah Oh He went Go Oh I'm gonna put those water for where am I in here in Fiel, so I just got my house been ready for him. He took me to home. He was the longest serving Pope, I just saw him see an incident, so it might be true. I give up. The first Pope, St. Peter, I feel like that. Yeah, old St. Peter, he was in there for a long time. 560, 750, 50, 50, can you believe it's only 13 to 140? No, it's 13 to 1, 1248. 240 bucks, that's not too good. Especially considering all of them damn world series tickets. Yeah, the riot. 240 bucks out there at Pino, Tyler, carpet, the lovely Miguel is there waiting for you, and you might have a surprise for you and never know. 21. The event was fearful of going to the Coll teria going to the launches, but on the verge of the cottage where Jackson And hablée long, it crashed like a 1170, 300 days back it was 770 as they had in his column. But it must've been earlier 770, but that doesn't block the surface and that's not in his he did it. rock format and it's got a website here when did we select die a couple of years ago. Scott Levinson stuck in the panelist park. Oh thanks Scott that's a guy's name I don't usually read people's last name but anyway they won't find a Mason panelist park. He's the one probably pulled a switch on that raw building. The evil doer fact is in says from the worthless file I think I remember reading the 1963 Dick Beyond the Casey case in Bob U banks and Gary O'en's all worked at KRLA pretty good line up says the evil master think evil master and uh here's another fact that says oh where do I start what it has to characters on QM but you're boring assholes and how do you like this? Well if you find them boring don't listen to them. Wusom whatever your name is. Kexahoy's not the pick on it he can cause he sounds like a nice gravity so boring and according to him the marlins are going to win the world series if the sun shines at a 45 degree angle from the west and the temperature is less than 75 for five minutes is gambling talk is terminal. Joe Costello all my god it says I never thought I would say this but this guy's more boring and George if you think that's possible yes we do and the big uh what an asshole it says he thinks it was everything and he is not you he is almost as boring as Joe Costello fat of me and boring how they know what the big girl looks like they stalk him oh well they're right oh he's a good guy though but he's fat of me and boring this leads me with Howard David the true definition of pompous asshole who likes to suck uh I almost got sucked into reading that what it says here it says it's only J. Feedler's though okay don't feel bad with some Howard Jim Manitach you like poison and it signed uh phony phony facts from the man dog but we know that's already too knowing. All right no doubt it 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T for our enslavement was just 10 minutes away from that magical moment when the little hands are going to hit the big hand and we get that big one to two hours going to be humongous we'll ban jack 61 favorite district of all time Rickshaw 49 kid curry 24 and he said Anna still got a huge ass. Joey Reynolds and cousin Brucey 15 oh that's the oh what that's a great pairing that's a match made in purgatory side by each. Larry Lou Jack 11 dick beyond the 10 just changing again more the case got eight dick pertinent and Johnny dark scouts six hardlets six yeah and that's it but i get down to five six small potatoes right small potatoes. WQA and hello. Robby young. Robby young is good. I think that was him that was him come from the other side one that that was Robby calling from a phone booth. Third E on the end of young. Yes why your when G. E. Y. I know you just an E. Hey Robby. How old are you? I already wrote it with you. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. Yes is this George? Yeah. I'm just calling for some information. Yes today me was reading articles about the sex and um and help. Yeah. We said did you tell me where you know the name of the article. Corbs the Forbes magazine this month Forbes magazine. Hey is it online? Yeah Forbes dot com. The title of the article is uh I have no idea get busy start doing it right now. You'll your prostate will be real healthy okay. Bop-bop-bop-bop-bop. Hey hey hey don't forget about those tickets out there at uh Pino-Talacarpid. Does name tickets? For radio? Yes tickets for radio. Who call them passes but that's no fun. Oh here's unbelievably chronic factor bill. I mean just on out of control. A couple of weeks ago I came by the radio station to pick up a pair of Marlon tickets that I wanted to jam and it show. See what I mean Marlon tickets? The game was great. I appreciate the free tickets but I have one question. What the hell is that thing? Oh this is a good facts. What is that thing working behind the desk on the third floor? I'm a third floor. You turk. It had a power 96 t-shirt on a go-t that was so long it was braided. It asked me from my ID and I was afraid to let it know my home address. I'll give me a home address your home address. Does it work there all the time? Was it a 10 from an agency in the parliament? Is it still freaked out by the freaks as bill? Well it's a program. That's a great read to the idea of a receptionist. Okay. That's why they talk about putting your best foot forward to kill them. And put our worst foot forward and maybe up your ass. That's it. It's quite the wheel of fortune when you come visit us because it could be the beautiful nozzle in or it. Nouselens nice. She's attractive. She's friendly. She's very nice. She's a sweetheart but most of the time the it is sitting out there. Now that's not the first it that we encountered a QM. We also had another hit. And never sure about it. He wasn't the hit. He was the thing. Yeah. With a smelly old suit that was from like what was the thing about that where they were sitting in the attic? What that was that? With Ethan Hawke was in a movie? I don't know flowers in the attic. No, no, you know what I'm talking about? The diary is in the drink. No, when they had the cobwebs near old spinster was in the attic. Great aspect of racing. That's what they had in the pizza joint. Great aspect of racing. It'll be a little bit out. But plug baseball cap. Please. And this freak out is thing came by and a fly for a job. And Ashley hired him. He hired it. And when I called him the thing on the year he was on his wire. Guess he was actually on his way to work that morning. Wasn't he? Is that weird? He's already the welcome. And he turned around a web back home for work. I'm eternally grateful. Okay. We got enough freaks and fruit cakes and end building without the thing. We got it and we had the thing. And then we got screw in and we got fillets. We got a lot of interesting people in that building. No more PD Lenny though. Thank god quick column of the show, PD, we hate you. 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. QAM hello. Hi Neo. How are you? Yes, sir. Hi. I wanted to tell you one of my favorite DJs with Charlie. Who was it Charlie Murdock? Okay. Thanks, Mike. Okay. Have a great day. You too. Bye. Bye. Hey. What? I wanted to hear some jingles. When you stop picking on poor blind Mike, it doesn't like to be called that. That's why I said it. Would you stop picking on poor blind Mike? Wants? Charlie Murdock. That's a good choice. The first phone call I ever took in my mirror was doing weekends in WiodD following Russell Wases, a real asshole playing music spin in records. We put him on there. Who? Russell. Wait, put him on there. I don't care. He doesn't care. He's got millions of his he care. And then the phone rang and I would sit there spin a very manual or record I believe. I'm ashamed to admit and I pick up a phone WiodD. You have a work with you sound just like, you know, I forget who that was. Go put it like County Murdock and it was blind Mike. Is that a car? How many years ago that is? I heard a man. Pretty damn near. Pretty damn close. I would say that was like that was before I came to KAT. That was my first episode filling in on IOD back in a Jim Gallant days and was the other guy from Kansas City that asshole. The general manager in Jim Gallant was the PD and they took me to the Playboy Club for a dinner one night to interview me to see if they wanted a harmy. Oh, funny Barbara. Funny Barbara Jim Gallant actually like he never saw a broad before his life like he never saw a boob. He never certainly came anywhere near one of those SSY deals and he just was an asshole. I made a clown out of himself. Now if you were going to hire me, wouldn't you take me like to the Playboy Club? Oh yeah. Yeah. Didn't they know about those nasty bitches away from me? You idiots. Okay. Jim Gallant and Joe Abernathy that was the Kansas City mafia that Cox broadcasting heard around IOD in those days. The great entertainers. Well, I've said it's 100 years ago and still a crap market. It's 1256 now. You do understand what's going to happen when you come back from the break don't you? That shit. Imagine a moment. I don't want you to get nervous, small because a lot of heavy duty crap. That's the news coming down. That's a movie. And what it does, you're going to be the one to have to answer for Santino. No, I might. I can make it up. It's more than you. The deal, Rogers wanted to have a... But it's no buddh David, baby. I can't deny. I'm going to have a day to with anyway. It's a man we sound and die. Really good. I want Ford Chris Moore. Ghost Boys, real high. When I listen to the sports, I'm mainly boys won't get my attention. But we're really getting these different of the shorts. Let's tweak the high boys with the other reaction. But I think we're doing it on QAF. We're going to get back to the corner again. I'm going to this here at Straight Man with Boys this high. Now we'll have to get deeper in that closet again. So I'm going to press all the macho friends. We check out Chris Moore and I to help him pay on the side. Yeah, there ain't nothing I can have at macho sports guys and boys that have cracked and played with well here. No. It can't have to lack that. Yes, stand up real close to the rain. You'll impress me down. If there was a ton of there, really makes my balls stay focused. And that girl man, he's harder than my impressioner. We're number one. We're number one. We're number one. 102 at 560. Nobody come. I just played that just for practice. You know, okay. We're number one. We're number one. Did they come running in every day? Well, why not? That's what hasn't happened yet. We've got everybody pumped up about this and everybody is hanging on the edge of the radio, including certain people who are working to building. All right, like having spilkeys right over this. See that my irritable balls act enough again. I'm soon enough to have a few numbers. Who is or was your favorite radio dish, Joaquin? Not talk show host of all time. Both man jack 62. Richard Shaw 53. Give it away. Run for his money if he clean that cap. I bet he could beat him. Kick curry 24. Cousin Brucey 16. Do you ever remember Zimlary Lujek 15? That's disrespectful. The Rally Lujek's embarrassed. Dick beyond the 10 rate of K10. Dick pertinent. Highlets got six and it's downhill from there. Pretty lame on the local locals like Russell Oasis none. Roby young none? But they just went on there. What about your good friend Alby still? What's he doing? Is he that aint it? He's got a pair. He's got three. Who else has got a pair? Seems the dead people are doing better than most of our living people. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Let's get to more names on this. Let's see more people can have some of you to vote for. WQAM. Yes sir. Who's this George? Listen. The working check-away thing is actually he was an invention of Dave Schaffer. Really? Yeah he was like a bubble. What does the figure Howard does? Bubble. It's the same thing as that. He was a working check-away. He was a phony. Talk show collar. Because I already wore and had that Remister or Rufus or whatever was yet. Why did he wear the neighbor Christ and George Reynolds find 15 people to vote for him? Hey, Adam. All right, bye. Thanks. 567 also Dave Schaffer should get another vote there. Who was it that he said to cross off in there? Chaswick. Mr. Chaswick. He did find his cigarettes. We're going to see that. He did. He just died here a few months ago. Mark. Yeah. I guess. I don't know. Absolutely. They got to play Mr. Chaswick in the co-business. You died? Why? A few months ago or something. Absolutely. 5670560 pound-5680 on the AT&T line. I can't believe it's 104 already. And then I'm like racing in there. No, there's clearance. They're supposed to be coming into Duffsoft. It's too. So they don't even have to slump across the building. You know what we're doing now is Duff. How is he out getting some? Is that the problem? Is Duff trying to get his life a straight now a little bit? Don't forget us. The instant. You clown. You silly person. He's working on it. Maybe he's got his finger in it. 5670560 pound-5680 on the AT&T line. WQAM. QAM. Yes, sir. I want to give you my disjockey. Who is it? William B. William. William's WNW. You got it. Got it. Thanks, Pally. You're welcome, bye. William B. William's that's for us old old old Farts WNW AM in New York. How do you like that, Scott? I remember. No, you don't. You decide to. The magic ball room or something like that was his show. What was your name? A show. The make the live ball room. I bet you know what he is going to call in JPMC. If I'm WJRD. So let's put him on there. Okay? Not that he was a good disjockey because he was just a great voice. A smooth his butter. You want those 12 plus numbers? Because those are the first ones. I want whatever you got, Mr. I want those. You got numbers. Maybe except I didn't hear what you just said. I said JPMC. WJRD Troy. Here we go. You're just sticking through there, baby. Yeah. Number two. Stick in number in there. Oh. Oh. Oh. All right. Now these are 12 plus. Yeah. Now we just did the run away. We're number one. Damn it. I don't know that's the impact I have a finish and that says Number one. Yeah. Of course I'm not saying with state parts. I'm going to cover him. JPMCRD WJRD WJRD Wally mar docket was really a treat here for my friend blind mic today. I'm always special. It's always a special moment. I always think, my, my. What a great day, this is. WDQAM. How you doing? Pretty good. All right. Mindy A. What is it? I'm the area. Sounds just like you, but are you on a speaker phone? Oh, no, no, I just have you up on the other in the other room. Okay. But anyway, the mall is going to win against the Yankees. Right. And then after that, the owners going to sell them like you did when they wanted to get the Yankees last time. Right? But it was a different owner. Right. But this one. And they didn't win against the Yankees last time. That was against the Cleveland Indian. So, first up on your baseball trivia, okay? 1997 was that the Yankees? No, it was not. Ficing. And by the way, that picture for the Indians who lost the Yankees, that guy who keeps gaining more and more weight. Who used to play for the Indians? See, sky is supposed to know these things, just supposed to be run on top of it. Charles Maggie? No, not Charles Maggie. Okay, although there used to be a guy named Steve Maggie who was a bull or member championship bowling with BuzzFazio. No. And Thurmond Gibson and Eddie Koalak's. Of course you know, it's you. And there you are, Fred Wolfe. You see the way this works, George? Like, Fred Wolfe, WXYZ, try to put him on there. Fred Wolfe. It's just unbelievable to me because he used to be the host of Championship bowling in Detroit on WXYZ TV Channel 7. About okay, here comes some numbers. Now this is interesting. These are like a little on a cock-eyed side, a little cock-a. WLYF, what is this? Doesn't vote too well when life is number one in Persons 12 plus. Slush, light FM in the summertime. 6.5 is anybody believe it? No, four hundred. A lot of people wrote it to the doctor. Huh? That's a hundred. Four hundred. What? Oh, we got four hundred dollars and almost an hour to go out there with Miguel. He's at Pinot Island Carpet 2101, what's the length of Obhardt and Pompano? Get by their fast, bring some cash for a band of Perrescue. W, I would be, you know, we're in Hell's QAM on here. Are we still on here? Oh, look at that. George? I didn't look. I just stuck everything right in the fact that we were young. This is 12 plus and the afternoon we went from 2.3, from number 20 to 3.1. That's the Humper. Nice going, Humber. He's actually working today. Why are you telling me, I mean, you're saying we would have you got right? I just stuck the stack of the facts. So how are they looking? Who's bringing these into you? Josh. Josh and this one. Please, please. Josh Cortis is bringing them in. Oh, Josh Cortis. What's all this? He's a good guy, but he knows nothing. I don't know the one and the one and the one and the one. W, I would be, look at this mid day, not too good. 12 plus 3, 4 to 3, 5. So about flat. Okay. Well, we can stay about flat and 12 plus for an octane to bed. We'll be no. We'll be here for nine to four or five. So they went down a little bit. We went up, what I say, 10 to a point and 12 plus. Okay, that boy's okay. Uh huh, that's a good. So we're going to have the big increase. The Humper had the big increase in now. Honey, like that. That was funny. So all of these are going to have to come in now. 10 to three. How about, uh, let's see. I mean, this is really pretty useless. I mean, I didn't want them. You asked me, I said yes. Can I start sleeping? Is together now? I'm pretty organized. You be amazed. There you go. There's the three to sevens. Here's the 10 to three. You're under a who's number one in midday and 12 plus. Life. 7.7. Life. Slush. The music of somebody else's life. And hopefully not yours. Boring. Terminal. Life. CMQ FM. It's from a 5, 4 to a 5 point. Oh. Bloss 94. That's right. That's why the trigger to wood pile is. Love 94 went from a time for eight to number. Time for a second with a 5. 0. See, she out of his works. Hmm. I like I said I would do one down a little bit. Wait till you see talking about going down a little bit in the mid days. I would do even on 12 plus. 8. Oh, no. Yeah. Wow. Talk about a little slippage. How about the one right? Now. 6 to 10 a.m. This should tell us something. Should it? Something. Something. W. 105 is number one in 12 plus that's the whole audience. Hot 105. How's that possible? What have they got on Tom? What's his name? The espastic travel man. The DJ from Chicago. Tom. You know, that's for sure. Oh, the traveling. Jack. I'm talking. Tom. Do you want to join him? Oh, no. We're sticking them on there. Stick it on. Where? No. Not on the pole. I'm looking at the. You. He's the. Screw him. I'm not. I put him on there. I don't care. Time's up. I can only do so many things. All right. How about a five is number one. I can believe that. On the morning. 12 plus. W.A.M. I'll. I'll. I'll. I'll. I'll. I'll. I'll. I'll. I'll. I'll. I'll. I'll. I'll. I'll. Pressure the sieht Forest.�. Had a little bit. The option? P拜拜. While we go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I bring it like that. Do you want to try. 35? Alright. I'd notice. You get into the 줄im. And everything I did against being yourself. Good. Perfect. Good. The way to come to this performance. Oh. Why did you go down? Of course. Why did you go down? What did you go down? Yeah. all the old farts, all the ponteanages, all these people who don't know from QA, moving on AM radio, if you stuff that up there is. How about, let's take a look at RFFX, all they're making a move man. 12 plus in a morning WRFFX, Fox Sports from a point tree in a spring book to a point six, in a summer book. Are we nervous about that? Yeah. Total Humper and a mad dog there in the afternoon had a gigantic 12 plus goose. They gooseed it. I'm getting these a little lot of sorts. That's just though. Listen, I can handle that. I've already got the first three segments already. Facts together, nice and neat just warning you. Everything's a real treat. I know it's going to be spastic. It looks like it's bringing a media. Mr. Spastic, okay. If you look up spastic in the dictionary, there's currents as picture right there. There's a... Josh Cordes. Oh, like I said, the lovely Josh Cordes. Don't be picking on my buddy, Josh. I'm not pretty warm. Well, Come on. It's after one husband got to do 400 bucks and still counting. He's out there at Ryo Talik, Carpetil, two o'clock. Let's raise at least. We're going to go past 500. You have little faith? We'll do it. We'll do it. Six seven hundred out there, especially when I find out about those tickets. Hey, if you guys out there need a ticket because you got a shiny ball spot. Here's the answer for it. Charles Alphiari, who on little bit more here with a most amazing natural airline in the world, Charlie can do it for you. Like he's been doing for over 25 years with famous people, with infamous people, with slipper just like you. Everybody in between because no matter how much you spend, you can't get a better, more natural look and head ahead of here. Forget about the Muscrats, the holes in the head, the dangerous pills, all these magic potions and oceans that are supposed to grow your hair back and don't. Call today, take advantage of a $200 or neo-Rargers discount when you mention my name at Chuck Alphiari Studios. And you have nothing lose but the ball spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30-day guarantee. If after 30 days you wear the piece, you don't love the way it looks and smells and feels. Charlie can be a full refund no questions asked. So the choice is yours. You're going to look like more, which nobody in a world wants to do with a silly look and mousey piece. That's a good thing. Or look like a real manch younger and better than you ever thought you could again. Here's the toll fee number to call 1-800-3212413. That's 1-800-3212413, or log out of his website at CharlesAlphiari.com. 5-6-5-16. And hold it. No, from a tell. Oh no, my Barbie's bleeding. I better get some gosses. It's the violent crime victim Barbie. She's not too happy after being a costed on the street and she needs you to cheer up. I know what'll make you happy, Barbie. Look over a drive and you're new Corvette. Oh, I forgot. You can't work as much as you've been shot in the leg. She's the same old Barbie, but she's been shot twice. Folding the leg and now she's being the price for a save bottle with a spell on her wrist. Look at her mouth. Barbie is kiss. Now you and Barbie can play in real life situations. Barbie is given up her dreamhouse in motorboat for subsidized housing in a rent control apartment. An on her way to the laundromat Barbie gets mud. Cool. It's a nasty wound, Jack Barbie. It's okay. Dr. Cannell take care of you. The violent crime victim Barbie. Crutches, leg brace, and wound dressing also separately. I can't believe your facts made me a weekend numbers. Here, why are you doing that? I don't have to chop down some more of these maple trees here. I just pulled out the whole stack so that's because I finally got the men 25, 54. Want me to give you a hint? Yeah. About things? Yes. We're number one, Demi. And right. And of course you think I'm just talking about the Neil Rogers show. We're number one. Do we have number one and men 25, 54 in the entire station, 6th and a midnight? Yes. Am I right? I just told Rick a ripper. Let's have a party. What do you say, huh? Let's do it. I'm also saying I think I might just go on vacation. Hardy. Yeah. And we did it memory of our close personal buddy, Don Cox. Wouldn't that be a good way to do it? And you know something really interesting? I was absolutely correct. Because if you look at 18 to 34, what you didn't want to send me? Because it's like persons instead of just men. But if you look at persons 18 to 34 and you look at the morning? We don't see all I just get now. Are as midday 18 to 34? Or you are just all over the place where the the here it is. I told you I got a buddy of what we listen to. Now, when you listen please, one moment please. If you look at the morning, we'll look at that two hundred with two five in the midday. I ate even 34. The whole station went up. But morning from a zero point eight to a one point eight. Okay, that's not the gigantic number. But again, that's persons which includes women which cuts it in half. Now, you know as well as I do. Where the hell that's coming from? I don't want to make any suggestions, you know. Right. So that bears out what I've said to that Monday. You're going to have some bad news to pass along to somebody who try to get your ass fired. And you're probably going to be like dancing on his grave and on his weasel too. Absolutely. You're going to be applauding. I'm going to give him a sitting ovation. I left the letter out of that. Greg's has congratulations by the way. Thanks a lot, Greg. And by the way, we couldn't have that without you all. Probably we could have. Thanks a lot, Greg. You're all can. George is going again. He should be patting you on a back because this is summer book. Yeah, let me see. How? Wow. Look at that. What? I said if I will look at the the 10 to three. Greg whipped it right out. I can't. Oh man. The 10 to three. For a little fellow like him. What? The 10 to three. Yes. Then 25. And it's six. Oh. All right. 8. Oh. That's 10 to three. Right. And that includes your marginal. I mean, August. But keep in mind, some people are that we're giving George a hard time. That this is the summer book. Okay. The Freak and summer book. Which I'm not like Tuesdays and Thursdays for like what? July and most August. And then had this first week of August up. There's a lot of George jammed in that 8 point. Oh. We got our time slot back. We finally got our real lead in if it gets my drink. As opposed to a dead man in the suit. Now, let's see what we got here. What are you selling? What kind of print is this? What just happened? I don't know. I'm vaccine. No, but you're sending me this stuff again. You're sending me 18 to 34 again. I'm not even going to say what you're saying. I'm not even going to say what you're saying. I'm not even going to say what you're saying. I mean, I know the numbers are nice, but I sure is how they'll need them about 40, 50 times. Okay. All you might want to say to copy to a friend. Or just pass to the subway walls with him here would be good. We're number one. Dammit. Did everybody on Ontario know that we're still kicking ass? So we get a double bonus. That sounds good to me. I already got it spent in my mind for like several more vacations. Sounds good. A double freaking bonus. Let's see. 25 to 54. Look at that. WQ AM. Let's say it. We're number one. That's six point. Oh. Yeah. From a 4.1 and a spring. From number 10 in men, which you remember how embarrassing that was because of Mo. Absolutely. Mo drag this down. But this time with some assistance in there in at morning times, lot. Especially the 8 to 10 hours if you catch my drift now. We're number one. Dammit. Life number 2 and men is anybody believe that. Nobody. Listen to light 105. Well, whatever it is. 101.5. 5.7 there. Ledger lead number 2. Big 5.7. Drop in from number 1. That's overall. I see. That's overall. I just got through. See your send me suit him. Different. Crappier. It's just usually. I wasn't looking at what they gave it. I'm happy. Keep slipping out of my fist. One moment play. I'm stapling. So we get the double barrel bonus baby. Here's a morning's. Here you go. Howard sperm. Drop in. You know what this is a result of going to. The fact that Howard sperm dropped over 2 points. Let me give you a clue. I like it from 8 to 10. You'll see. You'll see on Monday when the hour by hour comes out. It's going to be a shower. Power. You're going to stick you on the tower. WB a big Howard sperm and a more. Still number one. But from a 10 8 to 8.5. Zeta. Look at that. Go ahead. Oh, it's. Here. Here's. Here's the main pottea. It's right here. There's everything what it know boys and girls. Right here. Everything. This is the moment I've been waiting for. It's a movie. Six to 10 A.m. From a 3.4 in a spring book. Before for real and now. A 5.3 from number. From tyd for 12th to number 3. So let's say you pay 5.3 and you double it, okay? That's 10.6. So I would say this for else got about an 8 and Mo is got a 2.6. No, no. What? You'll see? Okay. When you get those hour by hour, man, you'll be seeing a audio, it Mo is fourth and then after that it's hot and a audio, I'm more and all these other, I know speaking in the late station. It's okay in the morning. I'm gonna have to refill my paper back there. You're just facts and just tons and tons of crap. Now what about that fox sports? What? Make it a big move from a point six and a more into a 1.3 and 25.54. They're doing it. And you know what that's all resolved up? Can I give you like a little clue as who's responsible for that? Yeah. For that big improvement in the morning. That's where you see some alarm problems. Yeah. I forgot all about it over the top. They're doing, they're doing a big number as the crow flies. Of course, now that baseball is over with all the, you know. Men 25.54 midday, QAM proudly we say from a 6.5. We were a number, oh look at that. How is that possible? Well that's right because that was a 10 to 3 thing, right? And we were a 9 to 1 back in those days. Oh, it was awful ugly days. You see the difference there, Greg, if you screw it around with a show and you had us on 9 to 1. From a 6.6 and being number 2 in a 10 to 3 time period. To an 8 point. Oh, and. We're number 1. We're followed by life with a 6.8 in my out of paper. I'm out of paper hang on to say whistle to tune. Okay, like I said, Life number 2 in men, does anybody buy it? No, believe it. No, big number 3. W. Why would he drop him like a rock? You just wait until his rush thing hits them like a bomb and the whole team channel chain. That's. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. Okay, that's enough rush. Power from my 49 to a 47 year. About fun. What about that party radio crap? I see men and black is doing good. They went from a 180 in the spring to a 4.6. Ready for that? No. But to me, it looks like the party is more than over. Chris, it's 25.54. That's not their demo. What about 18 to 34? You look at it? Did you take a peek at it? No. No. That's over. You're going to. Okay. Let's see how party radio is doing as opposed to power 96. Power 96 zooming. Oh, this is going to be a big book for the beastly's man. Scott might even get paid before the years out by doubt it. Power 96 persons 18 to 34 the whole week. They went from 118 number 1 to a 12.6 number 1. Kid, correct. I'm going kid. You're the best man in spite of Greg. Kid, curry and the marriage of Kid Curry. Can you see it? Oh, that's what's put them on the top. I think kid probably the one on top. MIV men and black from a 7.5 to a 10.1 number 2 challenging power. WEDR is third. Went up a little bit. Zeta, 5156, 18 to 34. That's Paul and old ROM and they're doing it. Life? Todd? Oh, P.Y. I'm party. What else do you still hang in there from 10 to 6.4.3. 4.5 overall and that 18 to 34 young punk demo. And that mostly the Zaris demo. So we kicked ass. Didn't I tell you? Yeah, I'm usually given it that well, but I beat but it will be in our way. It could go away the way, but you knew we had two good months going in. Oh, yeah. We knew that you did destroy us the summer like you usually. I mean, you did a hover job. And we also knew that we got our time slot back and we got to lead. Thanks a lot for your best baby. Don't take any crap. Wow. Any more than you have to. 26 past one at five 60 WC. Speaking of that, you won't find any crap at Halipati XEMC just the best deals in town. The 2003 New Rogers blowout sale is still going on at Halipati X. Get to the lowest prices in town from our good buddies, Joe Prieto, Tom Lamin, and all the folks at Halipati XEMC. Here's Neil Deal number one. Save up to seven grand with a highest rebate to the year. Plus get deep deep discounts and all remaining 2003 models included the UK and the envoy XL. Neil Deal number two. Get zero percent financing from to five years. And listen to this, you can lease a fully loaded 2004 Grand Prix GT right now at Halipati XEMC. For only 295 bucks a month for 36 months, you pay only 2500 bucks out of pocket. You get 12,000 miles a year. And as always, as they have for 35 years plus, Halipati XEMC. Halipati XEMC. And town of certified Prieto cars, trucks, and SUVs you can depend on. And don't worry about credit. It's really a hassle when you do your vehicle shopping at Halipati XEMC. They want to cut your deal. It's the 2003 blowout sale that's happening right now at Halipati XEMC. 134. O-1. Sat-Tixie Highway. That's U.S. What across from the falls open every day, seven days a week. If you want more info on these unbeatable Neil Deal's just, pick up that instrument and call the Neil Deal hotline toll free. 1-Trival 8-534-442-11. That's 1-Trival 8-534-442-11. Norfolk at all Neil Deals. Subtitic credit approval. See the folks in Halipati XEMC. Who most definitely be professional grade. We're supposed to be a 5-6-1. U-A-M. I-S-N-R. Mr. Mouse. What the hell are you doing to me? What do you mean, sir? Why am I reading in the paper? You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn? Well, sir, we're just scouting locations. Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs. You are killing me. What's your look we've done with New York City Times Square? 1-Trival 8-534-11. Hey, everyone! Reem it! Reem it! Pull off the bargill quitter, Reem it! Get that bluebird on it here! Okay, boss. If it's... If it's your look, we've done with Midtown Men had 40 second treatings incredible. I don't want public play, I support it, but you took all the part away! You're telling me, I'm going through gamuscom like pets. We're just scouting areas. We're going to need but much. Don't tell me to calm down. We've got lucky with Lee Lowen State to $128 million. No, you're trying to rule him, I'm going to rule Midwood. We're kind of programming, are you running? No, no, no, no. Hang on a minute. The big dude. Reem it! Get that bluebird crap all over your shoulder! It's playing yourself up or having safe. And can't help the bargill quitter! Oh, okay, boy. Good. God. Sir, the network is fine. Why couldn't you come up with American Idol? Good God, you're still running James Bobmoopies. They're 60 years old! Why don't you just put steamboat wheelie on and be done with it? Lee, so it make a couple of damn dollars? Well, the movie division's fine. You mentioned the way low and stitching now we have the new M. Knight Chumman movie coming out later this summer. Oh, I know signs. What the hell does that name? Stop sign yield sign. You're going to start swinging some of these titles past me. Three. Three. Three. Three. Three. Three. Eight. Eight. Eight. I know you can't hear me. Three. You're still running a market plan! You're doing that, both of them run the big dude! You're doing it! We're going to take that bluebird crap, Ginger! Alright. Five sir. Yes sir. I'd be very careful the next time I started my car. Why were you? What do you mean? I've done what you've... I've done what's up. I've done what's up. I've done what's up. I've done what's up. You're terrible. I'm sorry. They're not putting remits in there. I don't want to be poisoned in a busy remit. Oh my. What a wonderful day! Get out of here. You're not back. Why don't you still take a look at the afternoon's man. Did you see that? No, Jeff, I took my numbers away. Man dog and the Humper had a seven point. Oh. They were number one by mile. Number not too long ago. Oh, that's snit man. He's a really young man. Yeah. I think in that smit snit whatever his name is. Yeah, they took one of the letters on. I think now. Went from a 6.1 number one to a 5.8 number two. Dropping not all that much but getting past like he was sitting still on his fat. I wish I want to be an ass. Maybe he can stir pop in a few. Seven point out to a five point eight. A clear victory for the Mad Dog. See we got a good combo there. We got the Mad Dog in the Humper together. Do you know what we had? I just extrapolated it in the 1st of September. I give up. If my extrapolations are correct. My strapagations like Moses 10 10 point six. You following that? You got a seven point. Well, I'm just doing this by memory. But I would have to wait for clearance and the Muff mice to renew. You know, they're busy. Congratually each other. I'm sure kiss each other on the lips. I think we had a seven one in July a 6 3 in August and a. What was that? 18 plus. See I can learn about that. Well, whatever the hell we had. We had a gigantic big month. We had a good one. So anyway, go thanks to everybody for making us a number one again. And that in 45 cents a buy about a third of a cup of coffee and a little tiny piece of the corner of one of those Marlin tickets like the ones for girls gone. Miguel is that Pino Tyler Carpet almost another half hour. And we're probably up to like 500 bucks by now. Aren't we? Five 60 last time he called five 60 WQA. And you see. So I'm thinking we can do like at least 7 800. That would be too bad. That's about what it said. You wait till we get to know every December, Mr. Then you're going to really see some lane numbers. Five six, seven, five 60. Let's add some more names to our list. Of course the audience is kind of dropped off on a phone or window calls on it because they haven't been taken any. Because we've been waiting since intensive. Do we apologize for that? Oh, this is our livelihood in a hood. Okay. This is what it's all about. And especially when we take a look at those morning numbers, even though we don't have the hour by hour yet. And you're starting to get the. To get wind of it. What's going on there, right? I predict for you on Monday, you're going to be like rubbing your hind legs together. You'll be like a grasshopper. You'll be so excited. We're going to have those hour by hour. Yeah. And somebody's going to be like, well, who can we blame for this? It must be Zach's got to be fired. And we got to get guilty. Huh? That's that can guilty. Then there must be an end. And don't forget about Robert. I vote for that. Let's fire Robert's damn self-hating ass. What do you say? Yeah. Yeah. Let's blame. Creeper. He's been getting off the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. He's been on the hook all these years. Hello? Yes sir. Can you just tell Neil to put Mike Reneary on his list? Okay we'll do. Okay because I can't hang on the phone and work. Okay thanks. Okay thanks. Hey Neil, put Mike Reneary on the list. Okay thanks George. All right. How could we leave a little bit Mike? Well, because we don't think of him so much as a disjockey but he was. We've seen Cleveland and a lot of other places for many many years before he had the misfortune and come to South Florida. So we don't do it. Do it one. Put Mikey on there. Yeah, put Mikey on there. What is wrong with you? What did I just get through saying? You're just coming on glued from these numbers. I'll get a little tired of that crap. I can tell you right now. So did Greg come in and give you like a big kiss on the lips and say nice going George. I always knew you could do it. He patted me on the head. No, he did not. No. He said I'm still going to be fired. Because he can't have somebody working there who's a liar. Right. Ryan's a liar. Did you accept Greg's resignation? Right on the spot. Five, six, six, six, five, six, six, six, six on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. As this can, by the way, then asshole will call before about I'm doing a show in Toronto. I'm doing it on Uranus. I'm doing it on whatever doesn't make any difference. No, we're kicking serious big fat bloody ass. How do you like that? You've sampled in you. By the way, thanks again for listening. You like this asshole. You. And you're part of the reason why a lot of us don't want to be in South Florida anymore. Absolutely necessary. Because there's so many sour bitter nasty mean, hostile, negative freaking idiots like user and have a wonderful weekend. Not. He's probably screwed a game at the PV park. He'll probably reach out and grab somebody's balls. WQAM. Hello. How you doing? Pretty good sir. I thought about the TQ baby from the LAC National Tennessee. What was his name? The Big U baby from WLAC National Tennessee. Wait. Wait. They show all back in the early 60s. The only time I could get it was after midnight. You know, there was another guy in WLAC. His name was John Richmond. His name was John R. That's what they called him John R. I can't hear you. You did by yourself. I remember another name, copy Adams. But I don't think he was his or her. It was the Big U baby. He just, the Big U baby was, uh, had a light on the toilet and jelly spawned surface. I don't know what that was. Right. John R had the same thing. Okay. Thanks. I was John Richmond, I believe. But the known as John are and also the Big U baby. They were on WLAC National where I worked for one month. Remember those days? Oh no. 1980. WLAC. What a place. Don't ever go to Nashville, by the way. Especially if you're Jewish or nobody who is a black. Oh, oh. I don't know any black people. Or even used to watch the Jefferson. Don't go to Nashville. You'll just hate it. If you ever like we're in New York, not necessarily live there. Just like pass through. Don't go to Nashville. They'll interest. 20 till 2 at 5 60 WQA. Nice hockey team though. Right. This got not. No, I mean, who cares about the predators? Is there, do they have any fans? No. No. Does anybody care about that team? No. And a coach who, how is he kept his job? Because he gives me the trots. You know, Gary Trots? He's got still a line where he pays out of these. He's a these. Well, do you don't know Barry Trots? What about them? David Legwon? Who? I thought you're supposed to be our hockey expert. I thought you're supposed to know something about this crap. The predators? You would know the predators if the whole team just entered your ass all at once. 1041, all of you rest with my like it. 19 till 2 at 5 60 WQA. So you're going to have to tell me something off the or one of these days. So I don't like step over the line because I don't like it. It's in too much trouble. What? What do you mean? Should we get him into much trouble? What trouble? She's in Jersey or something. What's he's in? What we have knows he people. He's going to find out where she is. Hey, if you're looking to replace that tired old carpeting in your home. Let me tell you about Laminan Cerras. This is the easy, the intelligent, the low maintenance alternative to mighty expensive natural wood flooring. Laminan Cerras is the best place for you to find Laminated wood flooring from the top names in the business. They got them all. They got purador, progo, Wilson Ark Unifluor and quick step and all of Laminan Cerras flooring is installed by perver certified installers. Who really know their stuff? Here's another great reason why I should be calling Laminan Cerras. Their prices are so low. It'll probably floor you right now. Get their fall special for just $1495. Let me say it again. Just $1495 gets you up to $295 square feet of beautiful. Easy to care for. Laminate wood flooring is positively unreal. Laminate Cerras will match any legitimate wood knopper too. If you want a free and home estimate column, tool free and tubnet old Neal tournity call. 1-877-77-73336. What can we easier? Free carpet disposal. And disposal. Give your free furniture moving. A long 25 year warranty. And years and years of beautiful, easy care Laminate wood flooring. Call him today. Laminate Cerras is a tool free call. 1-877-777-3336. Laminate wood flooring. This is for 20. I'm a new fan. You a M. Welcome back to the Glittering Badginsri of the Mohawk and Avina Show. We have a full duck at today. Including a double gait of articulate athlete of yours. You know that type smoke is still at it. What? Why do I sing into those songs? Make it fun of me. They make fun of me all the time. I don't know. Why they don't adore me. And they have everything to be alright, bro. It can't help me, you're fair. You queer. Yet, tool jumper. Real men don't touch. Only during the game. Yes, master. They want singing. I'm giving them singing. Get on a piano. I'm at it. I'll pay more. Now, hit it. That's good. My name was straight. The end is with today. That's why I can't tolerate. She's got slid days. Spawn holes were in pain back there. I'll take it from here. The guys that like the worship men. Could think we won't see poorly in your way, then that'll again. I'll take it from here. The guys that like the worship men. Could think we won't see poorly in your way, then that'll again. Did it mean to sooth God's day, did it? Or did it go hairy, taint? Jesus Christ, I really hate. Jesus God's win, God. How about we put him on list to her, he taint? Taint what? I'm normal. 146 at 5.60 WC. You'll see. You'll see. Come on. The hour by hour comes out. It's going to be just the, this will finally be the unmasking of the ineptitude that we have under in the early, early, we morning hours. And how's he going to taint that this way out of that, huh? Absolutely. Right. Well, we were, see, this anymore now that they've got that new arrangement. What arrangement is in? Where are our good buddies? Can't say anything anymore. Now, why are you peeing on our parade now, okay? Why are you doing that? It's so negative. No negative, and true. Well, he'll still still, he'll still kick ass, okay, regardless. All right. He doesn't need to say SSY every two seconds, okay? Like once an hour would be good. The, who is or was your favorite video this jockey of all time? Wolfman jacks 71. Rick Shaw 57 for Ricky Tickey, nice capric. Clean it. Kick, create 25. Larry's Lujax 16. Cousin, Brucey 16. Joy Reynolds 16. Sunny Fox 14, Murray, the K-13, Dick Pertlevin. Dick Beyondie 10. Me Kimba. Kimba's got eight. How do you like that? It's that great. The Sunshine State Kimba's got eight. By a big, gigantic walrus. Highlets got seven Johnny Dark 7. Doc, seven Doc, seven, excuse me. Excuse me, excuse me, Scott Munny. And after that, aren't against regards. See, we don't have that main New England people. I've always told you that. We just have a handful. Aren't against Brucey only got five. LB's so scud four and an anago's. Okay, take a few get it if you like. We're just kind of getting. Now, what's the total? We had five, 60 out there at the Pinot Crown Carpet, five, eighty. Well, what is that? $20 more. Well, it's your rate. No, six or seven hundred. Like I said, we got twelve minutes to go. Let's get with it. Pinot Crown Carpet, twenty one, one, one, one. Westerling, Boulevard, and Pompano. And for those who donate whatever, whether it's 20 bucks or 40 or 100, or a thousand would be nice. We got movie past the premiere of Radio Uncertainty, courtesy to Real The O'Pages from Velsau, and Miguel might even be hiding someone in them. World Series tickets in his back pocket. Okay, wrestle them to the ground, reach your round, reach that into his pants and see what you come up with. Brack them. I guarantee you he won't disappoint. That's what the reins hit. WQAM. Yeah, Neil? Yes, sir. Hi, I'm glad to have mission, Mike Rener. He was one of the greatest in the Jacksonville area back in the mid 60s. But I like to put my vote in for Mike Rener. But Charlie Rudolph from the old WQAM. He's on there. Oh, yeah, okay. I didn't hear it earlier. Okay, but really, he was fantastic. He did a character called Birth of Betshacker. And he was doing all the rock and roll concerts. He had two big local hits. I loved Jacksonville in the springtime, and a cover of Michael Rodeboa to show. He was great. Okay, thanks, Paul. Charlie Murdoch's son, he's not only one vote, but he's on there. And you know who that was? That was mine, Mike. Well, how get around a vote? WQAM, hello. Nice one. That must have been by Mike again. Only one time, blind Mike. Why do you keep on a blind Mike? WQAM, hello. QAM. A deal. Yes, sir. Shadow Stephen? Shadow Stephen? Oh, how could we forget that? Oh. That's SHADOE by the way. Thank you so much, I think. What do you laugh at that? Shadow Stephen, you're not going to waste ghost. Shadow Stephen's on Hollywood Square, is remember? Yes, you do. How about Gary Stephen? Not the Jackie, but the this Jackie. Nobody knows who that is. He was on the Keener and Detroit. Those are the days that may have been the greatest radio station of all time. WK and RDT. And how many white people lived in Detroit? About 4 to man. Not as only about 4 or 5, and they're all like playing the baseball. Not well. 5, look at that. A bin in Catholics worldwide helped the Pope celebrate 25 years of murder and mayhem and the end of the whole preaching. Nice going, Papa. Why? And local. We are sports radio, 56. You a. You a. Yes. Sports radio 5. 60. You're a flat station of the Miami Dolby. Touch down Miami Dolby – chief leader of the full-class Sunday. The Dolby's digum, a new England Patriots, the countdown's starting now. Kicked up at one. Yes. Sports radio 5. 60. You a. We're number one. I say I say hi to you, no. I'm all roe from public end. One thanker, Monius Christ God. My colleagues have a think tank, where we pull off the ranks. And dress up like we're all sister. We'll tell you what's just in life. And I'll run your life. Because our morale is so much higher. And we'll decide what you should think. While you dress in pain. And we'll rinse the nuts off off you comb off off, with you cold, picking your brains. And the packs of burcon, and the strength of shaw. Where's the photo taken, Bush? And say what, Bush? From media, Zinnar control. Ha ha ha. Sometimes on ask, Rob comes around. Puzz it pants down. Or hath the put on tongues up his tongue. Or nah, ah, when Jean O'Pee prays in his face. And he's a parlor. And a axe of burcon. And the spray. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I would you hope he transvested. I'd so hurt. And those greats. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. 156, 560 WC. I've got a lot of good news today. The only bad news is Mad Dog is laying out. As a result, you got the big. And two, probably nothing is perfect. Then you got the Humphrey 4. He's going to be basking in that 7.0 share. And he had a Mad Dog. But yeah, that's gone, Fatso. And then you got her a quote. And then you got her a cool hotline 7 o'clock life in Tomony, Tony Romas Ricky, William Show at 9, 8k, 10, and Joe Markov and 9. Now, how do you think Joe and Mark did a little bit better, maybe? I, I, I, I, I looked. Got to be a little bit better. We don't have that till Monday, but it's got to be a little bit better, don't know. Just a little teeny tiny bit, like maybe a 10th of a point. Something like that. Like a few more listeners. I'm turning man. You should be like half of their audience at that hour. And I went, everybody is sloughing. Of course, when they're back on the two to six. I mean, are you going to say that? Oh, oh. What? I just have, I have this feeling of most numbers as bad as I think it might be. I mean, how could he possibly even come in there with a straight push, right? He will. If he put the poison trees and for else got like sevens and eights, what kind of a look is he going to have on his push? He'll have a gay look. Is that the way it'll be? Absolutely. So what's new about then? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT and T line. WC, weigh in. Mediable bitch. Yes, he is. Yes, you are. WC, weigh in. Invest in here. Yeah. Congratulations, brother. Thanks. We deserve it. 1, 2, that poor guy Steve Bartman. I have to hate to be an issue today. And, uh, man, that's pretty much all about it. Man, and sorry, mo. I've got to go. Won't see him no more either one of them is met, or fact. Steve Bartman and the mode. They can both leave now together. Like Tom Leikus in the truck of the car. Late at night about three in the morning. WC, weigh in. They fall close. No. You know something. I am so ecstatic. I'm so delirious and so happy about that. That just before the end of the show today on a day when South Florida, according to all reports, is supposed to be you forick everybody wants free tickets. Everybody wants paid tickets. Anything. They all want on a bad wagon. And just before we get out of here, baseball blows. Another good positive call from the assholes in South Florida. Man, it's unbelievable. This guy could go on a backyard. Find ten million dollars in small bills on marked. Oh, this really blows. What am I going to do with all this money? Where am I going to hide it? Give my mother's phone number. I make a beautiful couple. I'm going to show you something. She could take a wet dream and turn into a nightmare. Unbelievable. Nice going, my and this guy too. Probably heard doing a voice. WC, I am. Yes sir. It's free from man. Who? It's Rick from man. Yeah. Hey, what's going on? What's going on, man? Is this Rick from Miami? I'll be there. That's not like Rick from Miami. Isn't it? I don't know. Might have been Rick from Miami. WC, who I am? Bill Dean from the old WFU went. He's another name for the list. He used to be in WFM building. Bill Dean. Bill Dean. Bill Dean from WFU went. Okay. Well, calm down. You sound like you got Russia supplied. You have a movie's got. He's got willless phone number. Bill Dean. I don't know that. I know Joe Dean used to work on WBBF in Rochester. Hold the BV's. Joe Dean and Morton this bomb. Can you imagine if your name was this bomb going on the air with name like that? Oi. Exactly. Morton this bomb and Joe Dean. Who's the other one? He used to be on air with the home of the busy BV's WBBF in Rochester. Would a signal at night time the signal used to go like straight up into the air? Something like that. I think we got enough names on air to make it worth. While this pick one, okay. If yours is not, they're just pick one of these. Okay. And if you don't know any of them, talk to somebody like over the age of five. We'll continue a little bit out radio. Of course, we know that radio blows. Baseball blows. Many of the calls blow. There's a question about that. I blow. I blow. Scott. Right. Well, I think I got you both beat on that. I'm sure. Wolfman Jack 76. Rich. Richard 59. King. King. King. I'll give you the double digit numbers. Uh, 755, 15, more to K13. Dick Perton 12 and Dick B. on the, has got 10. The big, oh, is coming up next and there's nothing we can do about it. Bye. Bye. I'll give back all the business you've got for me over the last year and a half. May or maybe not.