Anyway, my thanks to everybody involved in the show today, particularly the beast for his mind. Yeah, his mommy called the station. Neil, the his mommy called and threatened me. She was to sue me for making fun of his fat ass. Yeah, there are some people who go through life and they're like, their whole life is a charity case. That's the beast. Yeah, but he lives in a fancy condo. Yeah, because he has posted a lot of money. So like I said, he's a charity case. He also wants to marry. He feels sorry for him, you know. He says he also doesn't care how ugly his girlfriend or wife would become as long as her daddy's rich too. By the way, the guy that just called him and FSU guy, nobody comes. They're coming to our house, you know what? It just, it just makes me want to cry. I just want to scream and nobody comes to our house and kicks us around. It's just, you know, see, I've got to talk about the guys that got like about a tiny button mushroom penis, you know. And they got a few people. There's a beautiful book. I'm talking about that. I've got to talk about all their felonies and all their, you know, court cases and all of their rapes and everything else to go on at these schools and how none of them ever graduate. And it's an only I'm, I'm wondering, I went to the teens again. I wouldn't want to watch why I don't want to talk about any of these stupid games and July. I mean, it's bad enough. I talked baseball every day on my life. I'm talking about some guy who clean was the one that really shows. I got that tickets. What are you killing me? I'm now getting away tickets to my birthday party, which you won't be attending. That's right. I wish you were coming up, but in August, I'm taking you out to dinner. Claire Clarence is such an asshole man. He would use a loser. Not only did you not call me yesterday, which I would have done the show. I was done it too. Are you aware that nobody even knew the George was sick that could have liked done the show? I did. I'd plan bits for four. Well, it's an only how many times is George sick now. Once a week. I mean, my god last week he was white yesterday was purple. What's new? You know, human being on a face of the earth, even in the jungles of Africa with all those horrible diseases they get over the. There's nobody that's sick more than George. He's not. He doesn't get like a sniffle or like, you know, a stuffed head. He's like on death stories crawling around on a ground and peaking and the. I think he's down at Roya, the way. He's drinking rum runners on a raft. No, no, it's bad drugs. Really bad drugs. I believe that would do. A GFC. No, pharmacy. Right on the exacto. That's the one. Yes, or I spent the entire day at H and R block. Did you just change the subject? Yeah. Yeah, I got to change the subject from quick. I got to get to the market. No, no, no, no, no, I wanted to talk about my XYZ. You said before, different. It was taxed. Give away. There's no giveaway yesterday at the Marlin Game last night out in a couple games. There was a giveaway. Every one of the three games. They had the bubble head doll on Sunday and they had some other crap. That was an old old player bubble. No, give away last night. They had 10,700 announced, which means it was like about 6,7,000 people there. They had a frog's were in town. From Montréal. There they go. I think they can play a book or something. I can't even have any effort, boy. But you can't turn the Hall of Oz and I got to talk about my XYZ. It's like suing me with a bunch of property tags that sent the higher the whole day with the IRS looking at me. Yeah. Yeah, it was awful. It was worth seeing. Well, they just told me how pleased they were that I was cooperating. Maybe you don't for you can't refuse. Well, I told them they asked me about any expenses in Manhattan. So I gave them 1200 in three months of parking. And I told them I spent 10 bucks a day in calves over three months. I was making stuff up from like the early 80s. See how do the new Patriot Act? You have to tell me your Patriots fan need to be okay. They'd let you go right off the wall. I have never had anything worse than spending the entire time. And then this morning, my XYZ mother of her sister called me. This morning, I'm going to hear the drunk on screwdrivers. Unbelievable. What's that name? I heard one. The first thing when I walked in here this morning, I put it up. I heard one on there with Mo. And then I heard Carl. You know, Carl the sparks you're out there with a high squeaky voice. It's on the promo with any K. Who's another chronic caller. I just got like five people calling the radio station anymore. Except for the ones that want to free tickets. You know what they should do is let that sucks guy do to show a judge when you're not in. Because that was the best show they ever did was Friday. There you go. Honest to God. Could it under a whole lot of things? What do they do? They don't call anybody. They don't talk to anybody. They stick peanut boy under to play bits for four hours. They're scared to call it. You're in a disgrace, Clarence. You're an embarrassment. Let me ask you this question at the very least. You have to have I know you don't care to talk about anything sports related. But eight out of ten times. I know you love hockey. Listen, my question is this. Do you think and I said on on for all though that eight out of ten times? Which sports talk is going out of business. Do you just say the station in Boston is folding up the zone? Yeah, they're going under. It's just a matter of time. We're that this this thing's all look at Fox Fox sports in the last trend. They had a zero. I know there's nothing. It's just in the last one. But what's the irony in the last one? But stations like QA and stations like FN and New York and stations like EI and Boston stations that are like that kind of station with all the teams rights and with the Neil Rogers and a Ferrell and board. They're not going anywhere. Yeah. But you know, I'm not going to compete with his big chef. My question is, I said on Ferrell that eight out of ten NBA players are athletes to get in trouble. Did it? Do you think Kobe Bryant? I don't know. I don't know. I'm not going to be in the middle of the night. I'm going to talk about the $450 billion budget deficit or more talk about Howard King. I'm going to be in the middle of the night. Nobody cares. In fact, the poll, the poll at the Binebork put up there yesterday. Did you take a look at the result? No. Seven, six or seven choices on here. Which of these you care about the most, okay? He wants to do my wife. No, I spent the whole night with Binebork. What do you call me that? He said she's hot. What do you care about the most? In last place, Kobe Bryant's alleged rate 25 out of 1121 people 25 people care about that the most. In fact, there's even a whole bunch of four times as many curb about George's DSL problems. And that's more boring than Doug Grant. No, when you go to Amsterdam, I know you've done that a lot. But if you've gone to Ireland too? No, I hate Irish. Why? Can't stand. I just know a special reason. I just, oh, that's right. You're Farrell. What do you think of the Irish? They're pasty and they're just, uh huh? What do you think of the IRA? Same thing I think of the IRS, I don't. Ah, that was a beautiful line. Have a last day meal. You just got... I'm Mark Morgan. Now here's Neil Rogers on 560 Q8L. There's a new beer out there. For the man who's not afraid to say what he thinks. Mark gender, give me a teret. Coming on up. The kind of beer you drink says a lot about you. And now you can say a lot about the beer you drink. Fuck. Shut up. Get him. Fuck. Fuck. Say that's a great beer. Oh, no. Fuck. Fuck. Teret. The beer that heats you up and never lets you cool down. Hey, what's your drink, Indic? And try new easy drinking to rest like. Gosh, darn. Holy moly. Who'd we do? Call it with a good book. Teret's beer. You'll swear by it. Teret's beer is booth from the General Brown Waters of New York Sea's River. It don't get no fucking better than this. You a f**k soul. Whoop. But she's a whole 5811 votes on our hot couple of contest. It's all over. George is not sick again today, by the way. Oh, right. Crawl on him on his hands and he's puking his guts on. Look, chattering. Poor guy. What do you say that for? The man is always sick. I tell him this all the time. Not saying anything behind his back. I've never known anybody in my life who sick as much as he is. There's a good lesson for all your kids out there. Too many bad drugs, man. You'll be sick every goddamn day of your life. Look what happened to poor, uh, what's his name? Harry. Okay. No, Harry, I didn't wreck him for a dream. Look what happened to his ear. He's your leader. Yeah. You got that purple haze and purple arm and whatever. Anyway, 5811 votes. Some of them were real, by the way. But third man. But that we have no control over that. You know, we do want to apologize for the fact that some of these people really have says they wanted to win these trips. And they did. You know what I'm saying? Some people were more high. Let's put it delicately. We're more highly motivated to win. This was our last of the current crop of hot couples contest. I don't know if we're going to be doing it again. Maybe we figure out a better way to do it. Yeah, more a more fair way to do it because all the pending and how many friends these couples hit. Like for example, poor Maria and Michelle Michael. Yeah. What do I want to keep calling him Michelle? Maria and Michael 24 votes out of 5811. I hope that they're listening. I hope they take it very seriously for me. Don't don't feel bad. No. Maybe. And there's nothing wrong with them. I mean, I'm not saying that, you know, they're the most beautiful couple I've ever seen. But there's there's fine. There are very, very few couple of temples. Right. And they get 24 votes, which means I guess they don't get out a lot. Or they don't have any friends. So they don't know how to cheat on the evoning. Exactly. So don't feel bad, Maria and Michael. We thank everybody who participated. Believe you, me. We wish we could give you. And I lean in Ben. What's wrong with them? There's nothing wrong with them at all. Nothing. 34 votes. Lame. I mean, just these numbers are terrible. There's marine and bill had only 34 votes. Oh boy, these numbers are awful. Dennis and Kevin only 35. See, I'm going from the bottom up. You vet and Nelson 39. They like to vet, but Nelson, they didn't like your name. I think. Yeah. Kimberly and Bob 58. Lori and Mike 70 votes were starting to get to the big time. Now, Yane and Peter 71. There's Michelle and Rick with a change in the whips, which we don't see. 118 if we've seen the whips, it might help. Rack Ellen Donovan 147. Pretty good total. Rick and Cheryl who tied tri-b4 lost. And they tried the stem and lost again, but they're moving up. Keep trying. Guys, 23. Rick and Danielle 209. Which they did very well. Natalie and Adam did well. 145. You think that it got him in a running no chance. Adrian and David, 480. A lot of votes, but sorry. And Brandon, 812. Now you think A hundred votes you'd win something, wouldn't you? You think didn't get squat. And they're a beautiful couple. They really are. I voted for them at least 10 times. Well, they get a t-shirt. They do? Yeah, they can set a t-shirt. Says who? Isn't that, well, we're going to give away the go? Says the box of t-shirts that's sitting in the control. Oh, great. Okay, so let's give a different side of t-shirt to each of the 18 couples, right? Except for the ones who want a big cry. Well, we can give one of them, too. Sure. Especially with a big promotional budget that Miguel's got. By the way, I'm a child's going to be a daddy and it's almost legitimate. Now third place winners. Put a lid on him. Have you ever noticed what we do? The crossover you never finished any thought with him. Impossible. It is impossible because he does. He's like, like, tough dance. He's like, ah, ah, ah, ah, let's talk about the bottom. Let's talk about, let's talk about my girlfriend. And he just, he's all over the place. And he, it's a tactic he's got. But he did that with the IRS yesterday. It's called evasion. You know, I don't mean, like income tax evasion. Just called being evasive generally. They were probably dying to get his ass to hell out of there. Probably. Maggie and Tom, when they dinner for two with the pizza law for 852 votes, they had the early lead. They almost, they were hit by a breast, I believe. And then they went up and third. Alexa and Mandy for a period of time. They were also in first. They get second place, 976. And the winner is Brittany and Greg. Well, obviously, they have a lot of friends. 12.03. Oh, they got a UM. They do? Isn't that what the one with the guy with the UM tattoo on his arm? I don't know. I just clicked it off. I don't know. Anyway, they went first place. They'll get to choose whichever they want. Three day two nights stay for two to the world. Or, they can pick the three night two day stay for two. If we're two with hedonism, two or three in Jamaica, which includes no airfare, but doesn't include everything else. Transfer is food, drink, activities, entertainment. And whoever whatever they pick, which one they don't pick, we'll go to the second place couple. Got it? Get it. Okay. And everybody's going to get one of those dick insider t-shirts. And again, we think everybody was a tremendous response. 58 hundred plus votes, a voice at least. About 30 men. Or like legitimate votes. 10. 13. Georgia's sick. We're going to rip him in ass today for three hours. We got our big one to two. We're coming up. Piece of cake. See, with the crossover with for real, that kills like the whole first segment. Right? The only bad part for being a boy yesterday gets put upon to play four hours of comedy, but it's in try to let keep some semblance of the show going. Very weak clearance. Very weak. Between Clarence and Duff. They were scared to call me. Did they want to admit they were afraid to call me? Busy. Yeah, they're a couple of pluses they really are. Fray to call me like I might get upset. The worst I could have said was, well, do whatever you want. I don't care. I wouldn't have said that. All I got to do is walk three feet from the bedroom into here. I sit down. I could have said here and played whatever to have with myself, whatever. I don't want to say with. I don't want to say it would have been better than the crap that. And you were the one by the way, Mr. Bigmouth, that was ripping tell me that Carlos was playing crappiest today. He said it was pretty marginal. Oh, it was extremely marginal. Okay. Well, it couldn't have like a real show yesterday. But oh, we're afraid we're scared. You might get upset. And then they excuses. Oh, well, we thought we got our signals crossed. We thought that Carlos had called him. Or George had called him. All right. Tell me if they didn't get better. It's overclocking to go when I started taking some calls. It didn't get better as well. We thought it was going to come. I'm sure that 1014, proud to do a Carl and one call. At least. Oh, please. 1014 at 560, WQM where you will not on the Aradio show here. Crazy Carl and you will not hear one. Okay. And I heard your little shot this morning. Up your ass. Okay. What about your rusty glass? You ever see glass? You rusty? It wouldn't his ass. I hope you and Mo have a great life together. They're going to willop his boat. I'm here. How low can those interest rates go? You're probably been asking. Isn't that what everybody's asking me everywhere? Go. How low can they go? Now the financial group has the limbo rock under the lowest refinance rate you ever heard of in your life. 1.95%. Is that right? Absolutely correct. It's true. Now you can refinance your home or buy a new home and get you super low 1.95% financing with our friends at financial group. If you want to fight out how this works, give McCall is no obligation called 1-800-940-LAND. 1-800-940-LAND. For OLE and if you even think about refinancing your buying real estate, you'll be able to check this out by calling financial group. They can get your payments so low. You'll be amazed. For example, if you have a $100,000 loan you pay only $368 a month. If you have you way $200,000 loan your payments are only $736 a month. So call financial group 1-800-940-LAND and get that low amazing rate that you've been looking and searching for for a long time. 1.95%. Call them today 1-800-940-LAND. That's financial group 1-800-940-LAND. Credit restrictions apply and rates are on a spite rate.Р are substitlemental said by the tries to have more chances to reach the desired clause. Make sure to make sure you meet Ding also. That is incomprehensible! Thank you. She left two run over while in a bit. Congratulations, Ding Ding! Good luck! Congratulations, Ding Ding! Congratulations, Ding Ding! Ding Ding!... Congratulations, Ding! Go call Ding Ding! Good luck! Gold acclarity! Ding Ding Ding... Need a new one! desc Less Danner, Phّ we fit through. Genetic dissects?! height Dandering, deding, deding, Blant, Blant, Blant, Color, Blant, acute, plus standard. No葩 identifier, Microsoft, mostlyievers, Stindistinct districts. And as he coers his ordinary people into devouring, disgusting delicacies for cash and fries it. Alright, the first item on the main is something I've scooved out of my cash litter box. Come on guys, don't be worse, you man. Think it as if we're no-al-far, it's still one. Yeah! Come on! Man, as we take in the most-prem-folding part of PeerFactor, and maybe they didn't do a revolting weekly series. The eating, gross things show. Okay, you've powered down the catcrap. Now it's time for the second course. Take a look at this. John, what the hotel is that? Dude, haven't you ever seen boiled monkey colon before? Oh! Just one thing, then you'll be hooked on the eating gross things show. Alright, only two of you left. Time to eat, which on this place. But there's nothing fun after I show. Not for long. Oh, my god, John. Don't let the eating gross things show. Because there's no shortage of idiots out there, willing to do anything to be on TV. Alright! 1020 at 560 WDQM happy Tuesday too. What's a schedule look like today? Almost like for real. For real? We got the mad dog 2-4, Hank, 4-630, the hump over with another one of those tough days. And then you got the Marlins on deck, 630, Marlins hosting these spos at 7-05 that I had to peepy park. Anybody gonna be there for that? No, come on, let's- I don't want to go into it. Any K-Follows the baseball game, Joe and Marko overnight. Talk about beating Flog and that dead horse. Oh, and there was a big article in one of the papers here this morning about, uh, see biscuit and about the horse racing industry hopes that because there's, uh, a lot of people reading the book and go watch the movie that it's gonna rekindle interest in horse racing. Ha! And the sub headlines said a lot of people watch Spider-Man, but it didn't create any more interest in spiders. I thought that was a cute line, because it's absolutely correct. Yeah. And totally, I mean, if we- The only thing I would do is inspire more interest in horse racing today is if we had another champion through a bread horse today. Not some horse that race to be for most of us were born, you know? Here's today's paragraph from Hillary's book. I didn't realize that it's so pressure, packed. I got so much to get in here before you know it'll be one o'clock, you know? Oh, right! Don't answer the falls by the way, Miguel. We're doing screenless. Okay. But you won't have to. There won't be any calls anyway. Ha ha ha! There's nobody in town. I do want to apologize to my good close personal friend, more Howard David did for not being sick. Because the room around a building is that he mentioned he just passed a comment yesterday morning when he found out that it was Georgia was sick. I don't want to say that was being a boy he told it to. He found out Georgia was sick. He was pleased about that. He did smile from air to air. Absolutely. But he did say that it was too bad he'd have been happier for was the other one. Me and he were truly the pipe smoker. Yeah, they'll tell him I told you. No, don't tell anybody that being a boy told me. See, how stupid has he got to be to say that to you, huh? He knows. He must know. He does know. And part of it part of his mind, whatever's left of it, under that thing, under the muskhead, part of that mind just knows that everybody in the building hates him. So this is making a difference. What he says anymore. Plus he's got Greg. Oh, it's speaking a Greg Reed and that bogus contract extension he had. It was coerced in the given mo. Greg Reed throws like a girl. You can go on our website today on our very high paid prestigious website and take a look at Greg throwing out the first pitch in the Saturday night club Marlon game. Isn't that the game that the cubs won one nothing? Kerry Wood? Yeah, that's yeah. Sorry about that. But anyway, it says, what does it say? And it catches the right corner of the plate, stir-right. Cut you're just sucking up. I was going to put worse things, but, yeah. No, it'll be putting worse things on her. He's very sensitive and emotional. And now if I did it, he wouldn't have the balls to say anything, but in your case, very good. Who did that? Who's responsible for that? Get him out of here. He's fired. He lied to me, you know. Exactly. But anyway, there he is throwing out the first pitch and he throws like a girl. Now for a guy who so obsessed with sports and a macho man in the guy whose latest much pipe in his life as he has to be seen throwing a pitch like am I right or what? Yeah, and it looks a lot closer to the mountain. He actually was. I swear to God. No, no. Wait, don't play. Yeah, when you see by the time he takes that third gigantic step there, what's the thing that they have in the in the Olympics? Oh, the triple jump. The triple jump, right? That looks like he's doing that. Like he's taking a hop skip and a jump and get about 10 feet out in front of the play before he did. You throw like a girl, Greg, and you program the station like you're girl too, man. I stop at the mob business. Oh, brother. And let me say it again. This is the only place in the world. You'll hear the truth about that is because obviously Greg isn't telling his little spokesman, Jim Masani in Barry Jackass about the embarrassing deal that he was forced into making because he screwed up the whole time change. They speak of the time change thing before we get to the very short pair of Harry book to the. You get a break Miguel, very short paragraph. Okay, good. About 10 seconds. But at any rate, Thursday, I want to clock the spring rating book comes out. And again, parents screws us up. You know, parents, you may not be good, but at least you're consistent. Parents did admit to me. I got to give him points for this. He did not, not even got didn't get the second base without prod the other night. Remember last week you were telling me he had a date? Yeah. Did you tell anybody about it? No. Why, he told me about it. You they said, we may have gotten like close to first base. I think maybe halfway down the line. Did you hear them ripping her? No. Oh, they were they were Terry or part of the warning show. For what? Well, first of all, it was Zach and Greeper. Two guys that probably can't get a date to save their lives and he's Greeper. But they were saying, I thought Zach was married. Zach? To his mother. He's not, whom I think another? I don't know who was. But I thought there were a state of shit. Do you like to think of Mark Eisenberg? Yeah, they look at the very much the same. I think it's the same person. The shape. Yeah. And they were saying she had a beautiful body. And then, well, how's the face? Well, she had a beautiful body. But then, for all comes in, it says she was, she was a very good looking woman. I don't know how these guys are doing. Well, regardless of what she was, parents never made it beyond first base. And he's lucky if he was like, he was straddling the bag. Is what he said. He was straddling something. And I told him I said, Tom Green and John Crook, at least between the two of them they got a pair. Yeah, they have to have a penis and at least one testicle to get to first base clearance. She took one look and saw that smooth spot. She ran like a son of a bitch. Just a smooth spot. In fact, if you don't, if you don't look real close, it looks like he's got a vagina for her. Hand off. But that's what the, that's what the base said. You notice how he's going after the beast job. Ever since the beast won't let him into his office again? Which most people in the building even know the beast had his own office. But ever since he had closed down, closed down shop. Now Claire says on to get him. I'm going to get him off a rail show. See, Claire, it's make up your mind. You want to be programmed, director. You want to be a sports nerd on the air. Or you want to be the UM Herk who will know a third guy. Whatever it'll he is over there with the gacky. You know, he just wants to be all things to all people. Friday's payday big shot. Just give me the paycheck. That's all I ask. On time would be nice. Hillary writes, this is page four when a middle of page four already. Making progress. On the river occasions when Delab would let you into her narrow world. She could be enchanting. She loved the singing play cards. When we visit her in Chicago, she often took a state local kitty land or movie theater. She died in 1960 an unhappy woman in a mystery still. But she did bring my mother to Chicago and that's where Dorothy met Hugh Rodham. End of today's reading. That's great. That was short and shameless. Yes. That's just the wrongness to the middle of page four already. Long way to go. 1027 at 560 WQM when a comms time to have those carpets clean. You want to call only the best. And that's why I hardly enthusiastically recommend dry concepts. Because I've been used in for over 20 years in my house. And I know that the number one carpet cleaning in the world. They will never let you down. And right now, dry concepts offer you a chance to say 15% on your next carpet cleaning. Just call dry concepts anytime you have to. Or get your carpets look a new. At 1-800-248-507-1, that's to be put on their stand by list. And then the people of dry concepts will call you next time they got an opening. This schedule is like flying standby. If you're available when they have an opening, they'll be there in not 15% off the regular price. So call dry concepts two day and ask to be put on their stand by list. They might even have an opening for you on the free day. You call no be there no time at all and give you that 15% off the regular price of the job. Don't forget your carpets look just like brand new. They smell lemony first. They're drying a few hours and they give you a written guarantee price before they start the job. You can't be to move the stick. So call today. Ask to be put on that stand by list. 1-800-248-507-1. 1-800-248-507-1 check them out on their website. Dryconcepts.com. A couple days think dogs do and they fool me like your own companies do. Well my dad's close friends with your family. They call you. Who says you ain't such bad guy? They call you so bad laden. You? You've been marginalized. You're kidding what you did for those people. You know we're threatened. Oh, a lot of business. They were doing it on spills from American blood. And for the he did lucky and your old bad boy. He loved his new way and no. It's a god delisa and share of natural long-sare thanks for helping out with the five lines. We'll mention it being ladeners. You've been marginalized. Just like you. Just like right. We'll get that oil. You're right. And I'll live. There's so much oil in the gaspiansy. You know, back on, you're not a layman. I just want to wait. I share that I want to do in a line. Oh, but the things in that five family, there's no only playing around you, blind. Well the dad's in your whole star special. Oh, the dad's in. Oh, the dad's in. Joe Ben ladeners. You've been marginalized. He was murdered with a big good news. You've been marginalized. You've been marginalized. You've been marginalized. 1033 at 560 WQAM. Another piece of bad news here. Other US soldier killed today. Another one injured during an ambush on a road north of Baghdad in the Sunni triangle, which means the death toll of US troops killed a nation that in that country since March 20th is climbed 153, which is six more than those who lost their lives during the 1991 Persian Gulf War. That's US troops, and of course it's well over $200 together. I just mentioned that in passing. Good poignets today, Boner Boy. I'm glad you did something good. Thank you. Now it's here that was an excellent poignet. And I can't imagine why you're like it. But at any rate, he does bad pole. He did one good pole last week. And that was the one about I hate something about hate. Remember that? Yeah, I do. Would you can't miss and saw a floor? Anything having to do with hate? That's their specialty. They love that. So he got a big response. And then the pole on Friday was perhaps one of the lambest he's ever done. And I still can't get you to tell me what it was that inspired that. I don't know. I don't know. Which I can't say the word. What? I don't know what was going on in his life. But he came in in a bad mood that day. Is that what? So that was it. He's taking his own personal mode. See, that's a bad mood right there, George. And then my god punished you and made you so sick. I had won it bad. Because you came in with a really sour crampy mood. And right away, you want to. And of course, the response we had on that pole. I was up there for the whole weekend. You know, when you put the Friday pole on there, it's up there Friday and Saturday and sun it. And we got the weekend and had a very, very putrid poultry response I should point out. It's not the hit it more than that. Oh, I ended up in myself before. So Thursday, the ratings are coming out of one o'clock. That's the good news. The bad news is that clarin schedule the Marlon game Thursday. You ready for that? Yeah. When he got together with Bud Seel again, the schedule makers before the season started. He's scheduled a guy named Marlon game right there. Thursday, July 24th. If he would look ahead and see the day that the arbitrage ratings were coming out for a Miami Day, Miami Fort Lauderdale Hollywood, he would have seen that it was on Thursday, July 24th at one PM. What time does the Marlon pre-game show start 1230? Are we going to be on the air? No, we got the stupid Marlon Braves game. I had Atlanta no less. Supporting up the bus then. No, it is not. What are they? What are they for 14 and a half or 15 games behind the braves? Yeah. I mean, granted, there were only five games out of the wild card, but the fact is they still got about how many teams to jump over? Not third man. To get that guy named Wild Carthag. And it probably ain't going to happen. And nobody we'd he cares anyway unless they're given away some free directly over there at the ballpark. Nobody we'd he cares. The floppy hat. Right. So you're going to have to wait till Friday morning at 10, which means I'm going to have to come in for a little while on Friday. So today and with the thing they didn't call me yesterday, although that would have been a right thing to do. Clarence, you ought to be ashamed of yourself. You're such a pussy. Man. I guarantee you, if they want to find an anatomically correct Barbie doll stand in right there, that's it. Even kid has that like smoothness of front. Yeah. Well, Karen Stone have a smoothness. He's got a vagina. Make no mistake about it. So now we got a program director and an operations manager. They both have a vagina. And anyway, the poor yesterday. So the bottom line is 10 o'clock on Friday. I'll have to come in a few minutes. And anyway, the poor yesterday. So the bottom line is 10 o'clock on Friday. I'll have to come in a few minutes. Because George ain't going to get the ratings right. You know, he's, that's not his bag. I mean, he'll have to, he'll have a mall stacked up there and he'll think he'll know what it's all about. But believe me, he's going to know what it's about. No, we don't trust him with that. It's too important. Anyway, what do you care about most being a boy as guests today? You think I should take that, uh, retire guy on six or we can get rid of him? Yeah, for a tire. Here's our first call of the day. Hello. What kind of a tire? Thank you. Okay. Am I good or what? Absolutely. And you know that from the time I sat down here at 10 o'clock, whatever was to when we finally got rid of for real. That line was ringing. So then give away, pal. But thanks a lot. Retire. Obsession. Expire. What do you care about the most, uh, being a boy as guests today in a fabulous pool, far better than those awful boring pools that George usually takes. Losing a soldier a day in Iraq, we had 1168 votes. If for an overnight poll, that's spectacular response because it was a good pool. Losing a soldier a day in Iraq, 579 almost 50%. 579. Bush killing our economy 342. George's DSL problem is 96. That's 8.2% see that's what bothers me. That segment of George's audience. I mean, when you have, when you have a choice of these six subjects here, and when you're most concerned about his George's DSL problems, what does that say? You get problems. I mean, if there's any, I would rather hear about Dwight Latterdale's ass about George sucking armpits sucking face anything other than about those damn DSL problems again. But because we got this, you know, segment of the audience, that's got to suck up through whatever it is. Uh, there's the 96 sucklings for you. Bush is state of the union lie, though 16 little words, only 86, clear about that. 10 fewer than cared about George's DSL problems. See the accrues dying. This is going to get Miguel very emotional when he hears this very poultry total. Only 35. Ah. Only 35 of our people cared the most about CD accrues dying. I agree. Who the hell she? Well, I got the story on that one. I'm not going to get into what Miguel can get. He can wax eloquent and go into a long eulogy of 10 seconds or less. Left. Really? I thought you told me before to show you. You shot your load man. You've used all your good material. That's what I went on and on and on about how great she was. And she was like the Latin Elvis Presley and, etc. And that your family hates me like poison. Because I made fun of her or something. I was first of all. I don't even know who the hell she is. And it was George that was ripping her an ass. But they don't want to rip George because he's one of your people. See. Right. No, so that's the truth. So they don't want to rip George because it's a little Georgie Rodriguez. They didn't want to rip George. So they didn't want to rip me. You know that old, the Jew Fag, which is fine. I don't care. You didn't want to know who she is. And might a lot in my life until she died and until I was on Thursday. I never heard of Celia Cruz. You see it her picture now though. Yes. Because she got hit in the face of a shovel. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Now Miguel's family's going to be pissed of me again because they can't be pissed of you. Cause you're a stick also. Well, they don't know who she is. Just to me again. Celia Cruz. Anyway, 35 people said that that was very important. They cared about most and the show ya Kobe Bryant's alleged rape only 28 people nobody cares about it. Only sports nerds got most people don't know Kobe Bryant from an eater Bryant. I think it's the same person Who gives a flying crap from bear Bryant? Who ain't feeling too good these days? What a bunch of bull crap and all this stuff on TV again all this coverage you can't get away from it. Oh What he's got this swiky clean image because all these endorsement. I don't give a flying crap about anybody in the NBA Couldn't care less but to seven foot freaks They'd be out there they'd be you know what they would be doing. They would be out there. She'll learn garbage They'd be they'd be honest big garbage trucks is what they would be doing if they weren't like seven foot tall freaks and slam a jam and at basketball You know exactly what I'm saying. Yeah, so who gives a crap about Kobe Bryant? He ain't no OJ. I'll tell you that Now OJ we cared about a lot. You bet in fact. I'd still like to see his ass fry when you I think we could do a paper view made we could retire we could make billions Huh, don't you agree we didn't even have to kill him just torture him for a long Yeah, right right just pick him apart sell by sell yeah sounds really good Am I controlling Johnny Coffing in there to also Bob Shapiro and an employee Bailey and what's his name that will do with a big nose the Forensic sky Very the Shrek, Drek. How could I forget about him? Very Shrek or you just look at him and you write away your hate lawyers. You know just look at his face. You hate him 10 41 at 5 60 WQM summertime kneel the other happening big time at Helipotti GMC right now as I speak Neil the El Numerol Uno. It says here the suck up human yellow no more uno It's a get 0% financing for 60 months on every 2003 party acro GMC and stock Neil the El Numerol dose Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC and Pontiac in stock Correction C and Pontiac owners getting an additional rebate up to a grant from your friends at hell And of course no no trace Hell it also has a great selection of certified pre-owned Christracht'sness UVs and if you've been turned out for credit because you're a marginal Because you've had some problems on your credit record They're not gonna like chase you off the lot of health. They'll make you deal and listen to this Tom Lin and Joe Prado have put their rock bottom prices on every new and youth vehicle in stock right now During these summer doldrum days staff by an experience just how easy and pleasant is to shop for a new use car at hell it Hallit Pontiac GMC 134 a one-sufftixie highway that's on US one across from the falls with it been going strong for over 35 years now Open every day seven days a week if you want more info on these special deals call the Neil the El hotline tool free One triple eight five three four forty two eleven One triple eight five three four forty two eleven. Oh for get all Neil deals Subtit to credit approval see our friends in hellethora all it entails that's hallit Pontiac GMC You look me they really are professional great Dough got off this instant tonight on CNN ABC MSNBC UP at GMBC choose NBC fog and half cartoon channel it's e 프로 sniper This is the chief force as a way for what is it to bone it is when you feed a snap of Please be normal where you can bury This is right now Thanks for all the press I assume about it is 5.5 Total The responsible journalism continues when your local action news puts a reporter's The action Have you seen the slipper yet We'll fix for that report we'll keep our viewers I guess that was him 1047 how come broken Brian never did like cartoon voices don't you think he'd be great at that? He'd be incredible at that Yeah that's his bag man That's what the guy ought to be doing here he is doing a bunch of stupid comedy bits for our show which is fine Which we appreciate he ought to be making millions doing cartoon voices I mean I wish I had the wish my voice was the voice that he does for me I wish your voice was anything other than what it is Well, you know Damn Here's our poll question They know you're you know making progress And you're not as fruity sounding as George that's for damn sure No, I don't want to pick on George when he's out sick as a dog He's feeling really terrible I would be bad and he's probably at homeless and right now even though he'll deny it Just like yesterday I come in here now when I'm not working believe you me if I listen to minutes today of the radio station It's a lot and it's only if I'm sitting in here checking something what? Yeah See what I'm talking about with him Yeah So yesterday I come in here I found out by accident George is sick and you're sitting there pretending to be doing a show because parents is a schmuck and a pussy And then later on I come in there just before two and I figured what the law was talking to Miguel Abon He says oh did a marginal job that I mean you and the Miguel says if you've been there the whole four hours Because I think he'd really pissed if you were Oh my god, like I'm sitting in here believe you me if I had I mean what are you thinking about seriously? Don't you know me better than that? I thought you had potted up earlier in a day though Didn't you come out earlier? Yeah, it's 10 o'clock to find out what that was going on Find out where George was and why nobody called me all these things You know why the place is run so slipshot and it's because our management is slipshot In fact when he was thrown out that first pitch Greg slip was showing you see that? He let it slip You throw like a girl a Greg like a little girl like he ought to be playing in the softball league Somebody in the building told me something about him and softballs But I can't mention her name Here's our poll today looks aside good or bad See originally I was only gonna do people are ugly But then there are so many other people away a little talent and I'm not you know Then I was gonna do people who really look good but have no talent see what I'm saying But he's just did decide to do both looks aside good or bad which of these celebrities has the least talent J. Low And Rika Iglesias sorry and Rika love you sweetheart, but you're pretty lame Britney Spears See what I mean by looks aside. Yeah got my vote. Can she sing? No, can she dance? No Just in Tinkerbell He got my vote. I think Britney's worth it. He is Brad Pitt Now keep in mind again a grad Pitt great looks, but as he really such a good actor He said in moments he had his moments But when he considers he's made a lot of movies like how many a year? About 3 to make a lot of money About 300 by now and of all the movies he's made The one thing that stands out of my mind is that what's in the box? That's it. So what is that? Oprah Who not only looks bad but also has no talent so she's got it beat Oprah and Dr. Phil You see how the content did connection there? I mean he has no talent The only the only claim to fame he's got is that he used to be on her show so now he's got his own show No talent. No clue what he's talking about he's obnoxious. He's offensive So that's the beginning of our and I'm sure we're going to have tons of names added to our list aren't you? Oh, I have a call or two don't answer to follow me. I don't worry about that And look at that. The pole is already up there 21 votes Dr. Phil's got five and Oprah's got five good side by each Britney Spears has five just in Tinkerbell 3 and week is got two Jailo one and Brad Pitt don't have any. I'm sure we got many more to add to that Okay, before we start taking a while let's take one or two WQAM Okay, good choice. Hello, she's well see She but she's a 10 now he's right. She can't play tennis either She's got some talent. She's got talent enough to be a pro but not to be where she's at and a corner cova put it down Don't be stuck enough just because and that's the point a lot of guys think she looks really great all the way to say she got legs like tree trunks And I think she's a dick But now whatever she is and a corner holia put her down on her Fans gather in the street to pay their respect before cruises funeral. You know how easy it would have been for me to crawl out of and first of all I wasn't in bed. I get up late this time. Whatever get up is like 815 maybe on a weekend 830 Because you're in a habit of getting up at a certain time. I mean, you know unless you're out to like 3-4 in a morning like you degenerates I'm too old for that So I'm up anyway. It would have been so easy to make one anybody George good or called okay used to sick Carlos could have called But more likely would have been clearance or a death that you'd have called said hey we got a problem Georgia sick as a dog Could you like maybe swap days or just that well whatever Right, but they're afraid that I was said are you got some freaking nerve to be calling me on a day off expecting me to like work in extra day I wouldn't have said that. Moly to said that you put the fear kneeled God into them They're all a bunch of pussy's the sales department the management people. They're like like like I bite. I'm the easiest kind of world We're gonna get along with And anybody laughing no necessarily I am that's my problem is that I'm too easy. I put up with too much crap Which is why there's nothing in a goddamn DCS down there. I'm working my brains out here to make up for the hundreds and hundreds of these comedy this from from last two three years I mean George talks a good game. Oh, well, I'm there to four five every afternoon. You know he used to come up with what are you doing? Shannon you know The girl I'm for Shannon don't you Barely she left when I first got here. Yeah Shannon I thought nerf For you are Shannon I thought nerf. I just you just barely beat me up. I had my thumb right on it getting better at it Fans gather in the street to pay the respects before cruisers funeral New York they began to arrive and mass had dawn a few had campouts in Sunday night to bid farewell to their beloved Celia cruise never heard of the woman I don't believe that Well, why would I see it? Why would you mean you don't believe it? What is wrong with you your professional spik those of us who speak at English? We don't know who that was How were you live here for 30 years and not know who she is very simple do I know Luis Miguel yes Do I know does he aren't as yes do I know? Oh, in fact Ricky Martin before he became famous and does she think flew out of the closet? Yes, and all of those people you know are the male thingers Assault no no I know what what's your name to want to cut the Mexican singer? The guy shot that what that was her name Oh To give it a nice Celina How about cutie cutie cutie cutie puty for the love of her name was Serena not Celina Celina Celina Celina Celina Serina yes Serina Serina they came by arena was thought to be wished Yeah, that's right good there they're sharp today folks They came by car bus train see that's another reason I can't stand George and on foot carrying photos and placards of the late singer flashing her an imitable smile everything from personal snapshots to poster sized blowups over album magazine covers The came moving flags Cuban of course it says I'm not I'm not interjecting any kind it's as Cuban of course, but also Puerto Rican and Venezuela and Colombian Some clutched huge bouquets of flowers others held a single white rose Still all this brought signs with messages for the queen of salsa city of the angels pilot can so you could keep saying azucada One man carried a bag of white sugar none of the singers ubiquitous refrain as you start with like as in signalling sweet as in as in diabet coma and many brought cancorders to the captain to see money outside the Frankie Campbell funeral money or separate side Where much like Saturday in Miami public memorial services for crews often felt more like a joyous black party than a sat occasion They chanted her name. See yeah, see you and they sang Guantana Maris. You know I'm liking her less already She's the one that sang Guantana meta. She was one of the many who sang Guantana. Oh my old old folks on the She danced along to a music played at a modest volume and near the funeral home entrance. They whipped and shared for the hordes of TV cameras hovering nearby and all day long They kept coming and coming score scored coming at 4 p.m. The crowd seemed even see I know the least Miguel now if he died it would be a great tragedy First of all, he's still young guy and secondly he's a great singer. He's a great talent He doesn't represent what she did and what is that? That old room that old represent she represents every away let us out the only way try to compare her to somebody else. How about how about Carmen Miranda with a banana's on her head? Oh God. What? That's a topic Jerry. That's the only place they see to her. But how do would you compare like Carmen Miranda with senior crews? You don't why not two different things. Carmen Miranda was from Spain first of all. She was. Yeah. For you sure know your spitcraft man. I'll tell you that. I said it cruises word of a Latin jazz singer. Oh say yeah cruise. I'm so sorry. I haven't been saying see you. It was Celia Black who was and I would say yeah cruise. I'm very sorry that I've been mispronouncing all morning long. I got a straight now my act. I got to get more of that Hispanic stuff man. No chance. Although I do have a good friend here from South America by the way, but that's not your business. Well I got it's way about who I'm dating you know. What are you dating? Hmm. 1057. 1057. And in fact he's my around the clock nurse he's nursing it. You know when a guy is losing all of his hair and looking really nasty and grow test can has to put a data animal on his head to cover up the glaring. So the sundown child is for her on a golf course. It's time to do something smart and that is see my good buddy Charles Alfieri who offers you the most amazing natural hairline system. And I'm going to turn bedded by man or anybody else or muskrat. And right now during these dog days of the summer, Charles is offering his summer special hair system for only 549 bucks for first time customers. If you're already hammered here, so if you can save yourself 50% on service and repair on all types of his systems, including shampoo and trim. It's the perfect chance to give Charlie a try during these summertime months. And here's the Garrett return it for a full refund. Charles Alfieri really is the benchmark of the industry can make you look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could look again. So today, tool free there's no obligation. I'll show you how much better they can make you look. Call 1-800-321-2413 that's 1-800-3212413 or check them on the web at Charlesoffieri.com. My my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my I am. That was a thanks the 80s are back. They are home and 50s funny man Jerry Lewis is to are you sure. Well kind of and now the 50s meet the 80s to form a super group for the new millennium Introducing Jerry Lewis have the news. Hey, ladies. The heart of the rock and roll is still beating with the Benzard goes and the AR then clean when the ready which you're making and the fly go and all those ways. The king of comedy is about to become the prince of pop. It's Jerry Lewis and the news. I like a new drug. No me boys. It is a nice man the farmers is type person. The white gold. I. It's him to be square and it's even here to buy something round like the new CD from Jerry Lewis and the news. Available you can find it where the flag. Because all the nice man behind the gown that they'll be a find it with the nice lady. I'm the person. Okay. So you see how bad he looks lately. But his case I'll blow it up. Whatever that. Whatever that ailment is that he's got swollen and I mean he looks like he said about to explode. Yeah. See now ordinarily I would say well you know that's really very sad but in his case I think most people would agree with me that we are Response when we see those pictures and the tabloids is right. Yeah he deserves it. Just really annoying and just one won't go away with that telephone very annoying. Now Greg whoever Greg is a fact is to meet the other day a couple days ago. Since I have four tickets for the Moulson Canadian Rocks Toronto Fort Toronto Festival we can't make it. Do you want to tickets or anyone who would like to have them? No. No. The stones and a guess who and the AC DC and Rush and just in Tigger Bell and all the other groups that are going to be there. I think rather. It says if so email me and then it's got an email address like mail to the station or to Canada. What about hate to see them go to waste that like face value for each of them. 16 bucks American each. What? I said oh never mind but we'll give them away. Yeah plus he also does want to buy your airfare up here plus I don't want to your anyway. Well thanks anyway Greg but I think the answer is I just wanted to acknowledge that he that I got his facts and no. They're going to be a half a million people there. You do understand that. On July the 30th. To raise money to bring us back from all of that nasty publicity. 99% of which was bullcraft by the way. Not one person ever got stars outside of the hospital setting in Toronto. Not one. All of those supposedly export to cases like those soldiers and taxes today have stars. Oh no. Oh they were through the airport in Toronto for an hour. Yeah. Oh give me a break get a right and of course Miguel was an a panic. I bet they're there today because you and George Corso. You and George Corso from our engineering staff and I use that term loosely very very paranoid last time I came back to town. Oh don't you think the ocean have to go into quarantine for 10 days before it comes back to work. You mean you listen it if you can give me 10 days off or more anytime I'll take it. Okay that's the deal. Starting now as a matter of fact. Anyway just to show you the new philosophy we have a QM which is you'll notice why none of us works more than two days in a row ever. Let's see Hank was on not take that back three days is the the most because Hank was on Monday Tuesday and Wednesday. But then I see Thursday after the ballgame he got a gacky and Fridays a gacky. How do you like by mistake? Yes he did get on once for about 10 seconds. He said who it was. We hate you on this show one just stay there where you wanted. Okay because Moida serves you I heard that line. Well I call you every day because you deserve it. Yeah, he does deserve you. You're right. He deserves all the bad colors he can get all the chronics it's a roosting place. That's where a nesting place for all the people discarded by anybody else with a brain who realizes we're here to entertain which don't take a big brain, but nonetheless. We don't want to talk to you one or crazy a fruity curl that that calls for it's a by way that has been calling me shows as long as I've been in the market. I can't be calling a time when he wasn't calling. Because he sounds like a young guy by but he's like 90. Always with that same bubbly sound you know that we all high pitched you know like oh god curl your awful man you're terrible you're one of the worst colors in the history of South Florida talk radio maybe the world. But according to Goldie they make the show so you got to know. Yeah, all right. Well look at what goldie he's busy auditioning for a job every day now WQAM. Nobody there online seven. QAM. What a shame wouldn't this be bad because they've been ringing and ringing and ringing and ringing. Mr. Chance man right on your pants WQAM. Hey great report saying Lucy how about that on the list. On what list? On your list you're on this is Andy by the way. Hmm. Do you what I mean summer time chronics chronics never go anywhere never leave. Yep. Always this oh we got left. I'd rather talk to Carl and one than talk to Andy or Greg from forcing Lucy. How do you like that? Does that give you some idea of how pathetic they are? No life. None. We hate you Andy and Greg from forcing Lucy whatever whatever human emotion is way beyond hate. That's it you're it. Point they're out of the. The spies them chronic sick disgusting disgraceful. 49 votes for Dr. Phil Britney Spears 26 actually I mean this is a list could we got 134 votes just in 16. Oper 14 and Rik'e 12 J. L. 11 Brad Pitt 4 and a corner COVID 2 and Shannon Dora. Don't have any in spite of what you just said I guess you just popped up on there. Show get some. But this is a list that we should have like a uh Zillion names qualify for this list. But instead we have to go through the chronics we have to go through all the little game players because they're all alone. Nobody will take them with them on a goddamn trip unfortunately. Got wouldn't that be a great bus trip. The Q and chronics and you know who could be a driving it. Oh yeah he could be driving it. Right over the edge of a goddamn cliff. Just fill up a big bus to guide with a fanny pack to guide with the eyes chronic Andy chronic from port say Lucy chronic Carl chronic one. Tontometer how about you once very upset about Celia Cruz. Although he didn't say nothing about this morning. For a little shot at me there but I know she didn't have nothing to say about Celia Cruz one. What kind of a spick are you anyway man? Probably your Zots you know like most of the aspects and stuff. Most of our like from uh. Love where we put the good of any kind of that's the name qualifier is it. Is that count? No. Marginal border line like I said. They're two lights can. 1113 and five six. And five sixty WQM how low can those damn interest rates go. This is the question and people are running around asking each other in the streets. How low can they go? Well now financial group does the limbo one of the lowest refinance rate you ever heard of probably. One point ninety five percent that's true now you can be finance your home or buy a new home and get these super low financing rate of only one point ninety five percent. With our friends at financial group if you like to find out how this works. If you like to get more information to vote it call 1 800 940 land. That's 1 800 940 L a and d if you even think about refinancing or buying real estate. You really ought to do this for it financial group with a folks you ought to call 1 800 940 land. Here's some samples. Some examples of the tremendous amount of cash you're going to save. If you have yourself a hundred thousand out of loan your payments are just a mere 360 eight bucks a month. If you have a 200 thousand out of loan you pay only 736 a month. You can't be to a stick. So, confidential group now while they are calling is still hot. Call 1 800 940 land and get yourself that low amazing rate of only 1.95 percent. 1 800 940 L a and d the renequal housing letter. Credit restrictions apply and racist have to change monthly 5.19 APR. 5 local. 6.56. The re years old yours. A few a year. A f**king wait. Once in a lifetime a man comes along whose life story is so meaningful it can only be captured in poetic song. 3.30. It's Jerry Springer the opera where high art beats the lowest common denominator. 3.30. 3.30. Today's yours call my mom dresses like a truck stopper. 3.30. Jerry Springer the opera from pageantry wonder and swearing. 3.30. This is something I must prove. I'm cheating on you with your sniff mama. You know I'm a poor. Jerry Springer the opera the stage spectacle that ain't over till a fat lady gets hit over the head with a folding chair. You think you all that but you're fairer. 3.30. Jerry Springer the opera. The world's sleazyest talk show host is in the house. The opera house. Jerry Springer the opera. 11.15. 16. WQA and TV man is shocked gay and horror Canadian wrote Antonia's or busiest this weekend in Toronto star. Talk about shooting the messenger she says last week ABC's Jeffrey Kaufman formerly of CBC's the national. Took a direct hit from the White House it seems via the school's drug report. That's because Kaufman a Toronto native now based in Miami gave voice to a mercantious station in Iraq who spoke out against the war who or rather the peace while calling for US defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld's resignation. A ostensibly in sense over Kaufman's world news tonight report Tuesday which was repeated on Wednesday's Good Morning America. The White House had a dirty trickster tip gossip manga mad drudge and how the reporter was up against the wall openly gay and no blindfold the last cigarette Canadian. And so on Wednesday for eight minutes drudges headline screen ABC news reporter who filed troops complaints story openly gay Canadian before being edited to read ABC news reporter who filed troops complaints story is Canadian. But neither headline linked to Kaufman's online story describing how the boys and presumably the girl amen of the US Army's third infantry want to go home how they feel kicked in the gut by the repeated extensions of their tours of duty how they couldn't care less about the Iraqi people. Coppire believe in how several pointed accusatory fingers at President George W. Bush rum spell and other members of their posse saying their faces also belong in the Pentagon's infamous deck of cards featuring the Iraqi most wanted. If Donald rum spelled was here at asking for his resignation volunteers Clinton deets in the online story and on the TV report but does drudge get into any of that. Or why is it that they hundred and forty eight thousand troops in Iraq who have seen eighty five the number killed out so that more than that and who know how many wounded since the top gone out that it bush to clear the world war over our may first would feel so agreed. Nope click on his links and you'll land on a two thousand one story from the advocate the venerable game lesbian news magazine with poor fouls caught man mentioning his Canadian roots is insisting something openly gay his part in establishing a gay lesbian journalist association in tomato and a stots on being a role model. Of course so how can copman be trusted he's a trader not one of us in a cissy boy to a Canadian from the land which ran away when the real men went to play an Iraq and were homosexuals can get hitched. Now my secret is out copman jokies today after logging another eighteen hour day and Baghdad. According the yesterday's Washington post rudge blamed his slimming of copman on brand new white house spokesperson Scott McClillan who inherited his flag jacket from very flashy disliked week. The White House press offices under new management to come slightly more aggressive about contacting reporters drugs told a post which reported that the White House did not having anything to do with leak. This story added drudge has certainly become talk radio fodder about the cultural wars slash liberal bias in a media. Well maybe but it does not explain drudge is picking on copman since other reporters probably all red white and true blue americans have covered the same dusty ground well before he did. Imagine the fallout of ABC's Canadian borrower anchor Peter Jennings hadn't let it be known this month that he'd recently pledged his legions to the stars and stripes and while I'm digressing she says. Dudge has some nerve since he's a gay man himself. How do you like that? Oh, says Antonio's herbicide in the Toronto star this weekend. There are the amiss drudge everybody knows okay you ain't feeling nobody. What are all that things about that? I don't know. And I don't care. Probably squeeze himself right now probably get ready to put another article on there about how I had Katherine Harris dying in that plane crash. Which you'll notice here's a guy who claims to be like he's got all the hot exclusive he doesn't care what crap he puts on here. To put anything on there. Including a story from it. Huh as long as it gets hits there you go. I had 44 trillion hits on my website and you know something you're still a silly or a screaming flag okay. I don't care if he had 80 trillion a minute. You're still the same piece of crap okay. Your David Brock without the balls that's what you are Miss Fudge David Brock with no balls. Let's see here's a fact that says if you've seen snatch you might not say Brad Pitt is overrated see the snatch. Oh not for me. Actually I have it down there I bought it when I was there last time. I think one of my favorite movies one of my top three movies. A wall time of all time snatch snatch. Okay. You know what top three is is a little high let's make it top ten. I think you're a little high. I wish top three movies of all time I haven't even seen it and I find it who's in it. It's a bread pit and the rest are unknown down here but they're highly touted British actors. You'll recognize a few other ones but I mean it was directed by Guy Richie. One of the only great movies that he directed. Yeah. And I mean it was just the line of Richie. Go ahead just keep talking just keep talking. Anyway so I got snatched down there I'll see when I come home. It says how about putting Celia Cruz on list I think that's an excellent idea even though she just croaked. But what if it doesn't make me go and be upset and his family. Psychotic. Going. Too bad. It says how about putting Celia Cruz on list based on the send off she's getting a boatload of people. She was an offspring created by an amaccalor conception. It lets put her on there to piss off all these acily people. It's not our crowd anyway then I'll listen to this show. We don't have anybody listen to this show that gives a flying crap about Celia Cruz. Well I'm about thirty and now what was on the podium today. I turned him in. Something like that out of our vast audience. Oh god. Now listen why are you sending me these faxes? Huh? I don't know what this. I'm just a f**king idiot. You don't you. Of all people don't need to know that I don't want to see the monkey man facts. Oh that was the through yeah. Yeah that was. You know something you have just fallen ten runs on a goddamn ladder mister. No he's got to steal my job. Believe me I wanted to set that. How does it split through? I mean I'm pretty familiar with the way fax machines working including that one that I sit right next to part of the year. Not because it was there was a whole stack of papers and I was trying to divide them up and look at this. At Tanya's scientists say, gorging on pizza could help reduce the risk of certain forms of cancer. In a twist of the acceptive medical wisdom that food you really enjoy tends to be bad for you. Researchers at a Milan pharmacology center found that eating one or more pizzas a week dramatically reduced the incidence of some types of cancer. A study of eight thousand Italians found that regular pizza eaters were fifty-nine percent less likely to come to a contract cancer of the esophagus while the risk of developing cancer of the colon fell by twenty six percent. We know that tomato sauce was protected against certain tumors but we certainly didn't expect that pizza as a whole will provide such strong protection. Research yourself ono gallas told somebody's library public a newspaper how do you like that pizza pizza like it. I can't eat it. I can only eat the toppings and I'm sure mom maybe it's certainly the cross name can be the part that's good for you right. That's only part I can't eat because it sends your blood sugar is soaring. I mean to ask the alcohol levels you can in addition to what's you know a lot of pizza places they put sugar in the crust. Yeah, yeah, I have a cup of jazz does because they have a chain here called pizza pizza. Which is not that great in the first place, but they're all over the city and they put sugar in the sauce and sugar in the crust and boy. Oh, if I like I did like a fool that a couple years ago I had one or two slices of that. My blood sugar goes like off the edge just says tilt on the machine just goes off the edge. I feel like real woozy and sick I feel like George. Seriously, if you ever know anybody as sick as often as he is. Always sick constantly sick and just violently ill and then he'll come in he'll be on tomorrow and he'll be telling you the story is about how he was crawling around on a floor and he was peaking his guts out and he was a spent a whole weekend at the porcelain bus the whole deal, you know. Right here at the store. I think he is allergies like to his family. I think that's part of it. Starting with his mother and the wife and the kid and the baby. You know, it's with your, everybody is done something. It's the old man, the wife, the kid. Have you noticed that? He had. He's a great and Carlos is face over here. Yeah, he's like, you know what I'm talking about. Everybody is just does something, you know, I'm the old man and the best part of it is I've been the old man ever since he's been working in the show, which is, you know, 11 years or something. You can all go for a long time. Yeah. Well, this is when you have to have a nurse round of clock. Twenty seven. Now, what's this from big Arnie, Justin Grrweeney from American Idol can smile on his good stage presence for cancing with a crap nauseating. Good choice. Justin Grrweeney. You got it. Yeah. And you got the facts right there. It's to know how to spell it. One thing about Justin. The count's saying for sh**. That's for damn sure. And the same thing was true with the what your name. Say yeah, Cruz. I don't really know. I'm just saying that the piss me off. She might have been great. She might have been the best hoochie, koochie in the world. Not enough. If you didn't have a pretty voice, she didn't have a pretty voice, but she had incredible range. She had a very powerful voice. She could do a million things. She was no Luis Miguel. I'll tell you that. Oh, no. And he has a much bigger ass. Well, 28 past 11 at 560 W to QM. Let me tell you right now. Brandy shoes is going bigger and stronger than ever during this. They're 25th year in business in South Florida. You say to yourself, a shoe store that's been around for 25 years. They must have a lot of regular customers. They must be doing many things right. And they are like offering a fantastic selection of men's and women's famous bread names that everybody knows and loves like rock ports. Echoes, Mufisto, Timberland, Clark's S.A.S. floor shaman lots more at unbeatable prices and giving the specials every week on them too. Then there's the wide range of sizes. Men's size fixed, 6 to 15 women's five to 12 and whits from the very very narrow to the very wide and fat and thick. And with over 40,000 pair in their 8,000 square foot mega store, you can be damn sure. You can be a better voice life on it. That exactly the period you're looking for is in stock right now. Where it is slide on your feet. Brandy shoes, the way 1290 to a federal highway in Palmetobito, Beats are open daily 9 to 9 Monday through Saturday. Sundays from 10 to 5. And right now is a great time to buy naturalizers all this week at Brandy's. Get an $80 value for only 3490 to 4490. Let me say it again. Get an $80 value for only 3490 to 4490. So be sure and stop in a week at Brandy's or check on their website at Brandy's shoes. That's with 2S is all one word. Brandy's shoes.com. We're sports radio 560. Do a M. Hey D. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. Welcome back to ABC's Monday Night Football. We're proud of our back for this one old friend. Just really into the head of the body. Listen, we're a good guy. We're proud of that. See us above well, so we're going to bring things. We're proud of one of the way out of line. How's our new Rennaclark? Thank you. You're the time I got to get in here. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. Hello, I'm a good guy. Hello, I'm a good guy. I don't want to get to meet the epic audience. He has been just a bit of a winning now. Oh, you know, I'm going to make sure the sea dial was working. Hello, 3426, till now, at 5.60, WQ, I'm happy to do today. George is out today. Hello, you know, does it really make a difference? No, actually it's improved the show tremendously. Here's a list for our poll. George Hamilton. Yeah, he's he sucks. Glorious, are we putting these on there or not? Yeah. Glorious, step on good choice. Adam Stannians. Oh, you know who I want to put on here. Adam Sandler. See, what I should have done is restricted this. Originally, what I had in mind was up and run these cruises. And I vacationed over this place. And I placed into Boston where they got all the great food. And they just keep their killing him. Your parents are killing you, okay? Mr. Fatsau. Mr. Tons of fun. Mr. Roton one. They're killing you. Brian. Brian London aka the beast. See, if I was that fat, I would want to change my name too. But I'm not that fat, so, you know, although I guess when I did change my name, I was about that fat. See, see how it works. When you get to be a certain girl, if you want to start being like almost an anonymous, you don't want people to know your name is really Brian London. See, become the beast. Anything besides Roton and Brian London known by everybody. You em is that fat little tub of crap that waddles to class. Can you see him waddling from class to class? Yeah. Lose the weight you fat tub of crap. We're trying to save your life, okay? And see, some fat people will take exception. And oh, the parents, oh, all you can talk about is how fatty is. That's right, because we try to do something formal. Okay? We're trying to humiliate and embarrass him. And it could be in a fat tub of garbage. I mean, he makes me look like mini mouse. He may skyd them Josh Friedman looks skinny. Well, like I said, looks a side good or bad, which of these celebrities has the least talent as are pulled today. The kind of pull that's off, Laura, sinks their teeth and do we got 225 votes already? Dr. Phil 67, he looks like a sure winner right now. He's got a pretty serious 34. J. Lowe 28, Oprah 24, Justin Tinkerbell. She's got 21 little Justin. And we gave the Gracious, he's got 17. Anna-Korna-Horna 14, Shannon D'Arty 10. I told him, did I tell ya? Yeah, sorry. Who is she? Sarah Cruz has got six Miguel. See, the Cruz has got six. Six people. But what even my people? So in other words, you're telling me that all Hispanic people love her that everybody in his Hispanic community. Well, they like to say, except for the European deals, like the kindergarten, right? No, what? Guano, I rep and deal. That means that I'm a Cuban that's trying to get away from my Cuban descent, which is horrible. Oh, great. Great. Brand pit four. Eminem don't have any of you that are just in Guarini. She don't have any yet either. Set you Cruz. We'll get a call from some specs today. He'll tell us that they hated her like poison. She couldn't sing for crap. You'll see. But not in your world, Miguel, because you just can't escape. You need a lobotomy. If anybody ever knew in my life, these lobotomy, it's you. To get all of that brainwashing out of your head. Oh, you should have, you should have been around being a boy during the, alien days. Oh, what is one? Oh, we wouldn't have got it to fist fights. Woo! We would have been a fist fights. You talk about a militant sandwich. Who's bono? Wow. You wouldn't have believed it. Those were some good days though. You know what she'd come back. They're ready to break. Just for it. Just for it unhappy, Miguel. Something like that. Come on back, Elianito. Those were some really hairy days in South Florida. And of course they wouldn't have that. There we saw once again. You know, people are dying all over the place. People are riding in Africa. Well, speaking of Africa, the good news EDM is almost there. Oh, God. But, and what were you, the even CNN, MSNBC all whipping up to a frenzy? Like it was an important story. It was a child custody case. It was a meaningless story. It's your fault, you've gone. Well, what's my fault, and he's gone? Good. Good. Same thing from that nasty, sweaty bitch. Mirus, we see us. Talk about brainwashing. Where there was a classic example. And he's going to play and take me back to Cuba. Did you play and I don't know what that's. Nobody said that. Nobody said no. He didn't say that. He said, there's that plane. I'd give you. Keep me away. Boy, what a bunch of crevents. Miguel gets sucked into that. But why not? He got sucked into the bushcraft. Two is with a right wing garbage. You know, it's the mentality. He can't think from himself. Your brain has been stolen from you, which is very sad. And the top of it all, of course, being his fan of keys Catholic. So I mean, trees, trees strikes in your root, man. You haven't got a child of his chance. But I will tell you this. Miguel has been procreating on his great new mattress and Dile mattress. Although I think probably you procreated before you got your new mattress, didn't you? No. No? How long have you had the mattress? Oh, that's right. That's right. He he created life on his mattress. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Every week over half the customers have got a mattress or repeat referral customers because they know that one 800 mattresses got the best brands at discount prices every day of your life without any the hassles of showroom shopping. And they know what real customer services all about because that one of my favorites in overall satisfaction. One 800 mattress has delivery down to a science. You choose delivery date and time to fit your schedule. You pick it to our windows. you're not sitting home wasting a whole day of your life, and dollar mattress delivers evenings, weekends, holidays, on circus, whenever you like. It's easy to see why people try dollar mattress because once they do they never go back to a shore again. Miguel recently called 1-800-MATT-RES before you know it? Not only did you get the real treatment, but his girlfriend got pregnant. They were right on time set up the new mattress took up the smelly old heavily soiled bedding for free the whole deal. And for you high-end shopper's out there, dollar mattress is a full selection of the finest beds available anywhere like the Seely Crown Jewel, sort of perfect nights, saw a Simmons world class, and King Kuala perfect contour too. And dollar mattress also has tempered pita-famous Swedish full mattresses. So if you're having trouble abregnating your partner, this might be the answer for it. Work for Miguel. He'd been trying like crazy for months and months and months for years, and all of a sudden that brand new dollar mattress? There it was. So in only another minute called 1-800-MATT-RES, the easy to smart way to get new mattress or check them on the web if you're like at mattress.com. This is 21-by-6. 2-A-M. Deal? God? 1-4 in a dream. 1-4 in a dream. 1-4 in a dream. 1-4 in a dream. 1-4 in a dream. I think it went best looking after Don Fêinkle with Mhm. 10 dead, and back in the end of the orphanage on some banks. come to find out that this wasn't the first time. Right. But we don't want to take those people's licenses away because they vote because they got the gate, the great path is going. The FBI blew repeated chances to one cover that I'm loving plot because it failed to aggressively investigate evidence of Al-Qaeda's presence in the US especially in the San Diego area where two of the hijackers were living with one of the bureau's own informants according to congressional report said for released this week rights, myzo, isocop in Newswick Magazine. It's on our bedtime stories today later on when Bina gets your mind what they're not on their yet are they? Most of them are that one I think already is. Is it really? Yeah. Great work. Good story. Whole bunch of good stories on our ex-roomate of Baylor University player arrested what we do that. Right? That would be done. Former roommate of missing Baylor University basketball player Patrick Denny, he was charged yesterday with murder authority said the warning in Carlton, Dotson was issued by police in Waco, Texas where Denny has been missing since mid-June. Charles Town Police Chief Water Coriel said nobody's been found yet. Maybe he's with the O'Hairs, Madeline O'Hair. You think? In Francis? 560, 0560, pound 560 on a you don't even know who the hell Madeline O'Hair was, Bina boy. Nope, many of them. See, this is so amazing to me, okay? You don't have to be an old fart like me to know who Madeline O'Hair was. Sounds familiar, boy. Sounds familiar. Sounds familiar, okay. Like probably the most famous atheist in American history in the modern history Anyway, all her right, she's the one who helped get that, you know, all that religious crap out of the schools. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Right. She used to be a ship. She was on my show a whole bunch of time. My third man. Big fatble, broad, big dirty mouth. She was great. But anyway, she's still dead. See, city accrues were supposed to know this goes to show you the the gap. The culture gap between the professional Hispanic community of South Florida and everybody else. All the real Americans, okay. I don't want to start making it into one nothing, but I will anyway. Get with it. Start learning what's really important. Okay. Nobody gives a flying figure about seeing a cruise, okay? God, that's so embarrassing. It's humiliating. Madeline Murrow here. Who? What? 259 votes on the poll. Looks aside. Good or bad, which of these celebrities has the least talent? Dr. Phil 77. He blows Britney Spears 38. She looks great, but she can't sing for crap. Couldn't sing a lot of a paper sack. J. Low 31. Even without humongous ass. And have you seen the, I'm sure you have these. Teases now. The little blurb they're showing from that G.D movie with the Ben Affleck and her. Yeah. Oh my God. What are they thinking about? I mean, most of them are, I mean, why do I have never been getting released because there's such a few or over how bad they are. This one will be no exception. And by the way, you guys aren't fooling anybody. Oper's got 27. Just in Tinkerbell's round on Oprah's ass. He's got 23. Can you just envision that just in on Oprah's ass? In Rikai, the greasy is 19. My lovely close personal buddy who loves this show by the way, big fan. Love you and Rikai. Do something about that mole. And according to Huyas 17, see your right. She and Enrique are like, side by each. They're like, one on top of the other. Haha. I doubt it. Shannon Dirty 11. See the cruise. See the cruise 11 time with Shannon Dirty. Oh, right. Yeah. That's good news. See in your cruise. That's all Miguel. Right. Boy, oh boy, you guys lose and don't get the booze. Cause it's time to get spilled on news that see the cruise is a losing bad. Alright, that was 11 votes. Brad Pitt only 4mm only 3 Gloria. Even Gloria Estefan who's hated by all. She's only got 2. Although I think quite frankly, she's even though I don't know who she decreases. Gloria deserves a lot more votes. Just in growing. He's got a one. He's got a little one. Ryan carries got one. I don't even remember putting more. I carry on here. Do a do you? I thought you'd read it up that list of. Oh, very, very quickly. Yeah, she's such a old news. You know what I've won. Bold, smelly breast. George Hamilton, none Adam Sander, none yet. Adam Stangons. I don't have any ID who that is. Has none. Who's that? Oh, that's the same thing. I don't know who that is. Do you know? Take them off of there right now. Now, I leave them on. There's somebody. I'll know if somebody put them on the list. They must have some clue who he is. I mean, if you don't know who Matt little hair is, how do I would, you know, Adam Stangons. Oh, hair. Oh, see ya, cruise. Yeah, though. Now it's coming back to me. No, not. Yeah. You guys, I got to get off the beach. Just just once a week would be good. Besides coming to work. I mean, you know, like after sundown, just getting a, get out of Florida for a couple of weeks would be good. Anywhere. Speak of the devil. Yeah. My baby blue will be back tomorrow. My car. My car will be ready. I can give back the red of car. Do you have any idea how aggravated I'm getting about thinking about you doing the show yesterday. Today, do you have any clue how agitated I'm getting? Even though your pull was much greater than George's usual crappy pull, I mean, the idea that clearance who's supposed to be our program director and his mentor, their Duff, Duff Lindsey, Duff Greed the great. The thing allowed you to like, uh, engineer some kind of a bogus for I understand it's the summer time. Everybody's out of town. But there's such a thing is carrying it a little bit too far. Uh-huh. If you catch my group, you don't understand? That was beyond far. Oh, my God. You're baby blue. Nobody cares about your car. I mean, I know you care about it. That's fine. Nobody cares about your baby blue. And you don't think we do care about as you don't want to be getting into another goddamn wreck and then starting with all that crap again. This man is like, I hear his breath away from having lost his job and his career, his fledgling career is whatever radio flunky, whatever he's going to be because of all that stuff. You shouldn't have a car. You should have something driving to work every guy damn day. You should hitchhike. You should not. You're not responsible. You're not responsible. You should not be sensible. You're not responsible. Every life. Which name?と思ал. You're done drinking water. Yeah, I'm just going to drink gone away from the car." Are you don't admit that does it? We're in a big problem with what could be real and Nagled bacterium. The same time when quite far. You're lost in your school. Does itło his new dog, is it possible? just doing the set up to take some more calls. See, I'm on a practice now, because only Tuesday and Thursday isn't going to practice if I were to fill it in on the show yesterday, I'd be in practice, right? Sure. WQAN? WQAN? Hello? Yes sir. Are you saying the Ava card? Yes sir. How you doing? It's QF4, right here. Yeah? They're currently in an area. They're saying that they killed the Saddam Assun. Right, they're all so... Likely. No, I'm hearing it. We're going to now, roughly, talking about it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We fell us in some more on these two characters, who they and Qusay who say. Well, if in... Nah, they didn't kill the Saddam. Operation may have netted high ranking Iraqis with a nobody in the house. We've been caught a true well, that would be very significant for Iraqis at large. A lot of people here will tell you, actually, that Saddam Qusay was not very popular, but he was made less popular by his son. I didn't pick it up by the eldest son, Oday. Oday was... O.I.C. for killed at the house, nobody captured. I, many accounts, he was in charge of the journalists. Union, for instance, he was also in charge of the Arab photographer's union. He was in charge of the Olympic committee. O.I.C. the US officials says two of the dead could be Saddam's son. It might be. It could be. Have we heard that before? No rationale. A lot of passion. Idea of body is not yet complete. If you will, who just acted on wins more than anything else. Who says the youngest son on the other hand was the need to be just as rude? I heard that Qusay was a real Pusay, is what I'm hearing. And that what you heard. So it might have been men and a might not. But we, for this is like, you know, the boy that cried wolf, and the nose keeps getting longer like Pinocchio. When we find out for sure, who the hell it is, then let us know. Because we've been hearing this crap over and over and over again. When you know for sure, when you got the DNA and the all the good stuff, then let us know. And I mean, time dummy up. Thanks anyway, though, sir, for learning us to that very, very important, breaking news and intense firefight in the house. For dead and nobody taken a live. Some are time in South Florida, you're in T's three things, which is why everybody wants out of there so bad. He committed in hurricanes. You know, you can't control that weather, but you can control how you protect your home during hurricane season. The hurricane's federal window shall provide the best hurricane protect under the sun. We just want easy phone call to the hurricane shutter window. So, the next day, we'll be at your home the next day, with a quote for hurricane shutter windows and doors customized engineered specifically for your home. From panels, the courtyains roll up shutter impact resistant windows and doors. The hurricane shutter window shop will not be at a sold. There'll be any written legitimate quote because when you buy from these folks, you buy and direct from the manufacturer and wholesale, you can't feed it. So, call the hurricane shutter window shop toll free. 1-800-538-0191. They also offer cash and carry it for all you do yourself handyman. And I'm curious about hurricane protection customized engineers specifically for your house. Call the hurricane shutter window shop at 1-800-538-0191. And tell the old man, old Neil toward you to call 1-800-538-0191. Why in local year sports radio 560-U.A.M. There go me Mr. Boots! And I've been visiting the Dwayne of Warner now. At 560-W.Q.A.M. We just can't seem to get the morning show right. So once again, we softly advise about our crackhead chicken hop and soaps. And we apologize for that too. And now, 560-W.Q.A.M. proudly presents the Morgan David show. 1-800-0191. That's a good point. Morgan David. That's good. I forgot who I was. Is that your name again, Felchew? No, down deep. But you can call me Felchew. What? Locks. With a fake eye. Two-shalky. That's it. I've got cash nova. That's all. That's all. It's gonna be hard. And while you're out, tell me coffee I got a punch card full here for schoolings. I get a free cup. Devil's win a minute. I'll be supposed to talk about sports. Oh yeah. I've never tell you about the time I had lunch with Joe Peppetone. No. How about that? How he can shuffle board team. We don't have that no more. Since they got rid of the rocket board, here's my calling, sir. I've been here. That's a good thing I bought the normal gun rules. We'll see the cotton. Yes. Crack and bam. Crack and bam. I got you. Crack, ready. Bam. What was that? I freaked my wig. Phew. It smells bad in here like toe cheese. Bam. Somebody say we do a nice remote from the festival flea market. I'm good to me. Yeah, I think got a lot of nice punches there. Okay, let's go. Okay. Let's get out of here. I can use another vacation. 12 or two or five 60 WCM. Sodom, who's saying sons, Uday and Kusay may be dead, but then again on the other hand. Like, but had been moving about in the northern Iraq area. There were a number of winners in that the bodies they had a four hour firefight. So there was so much shooting up in everything that even more shooting up than in Reckley and for a dream. But the bodies are really bad shapes. So it may take them a while to conquer. I mean to confirm that it's a really them. See what I'm saying. Yeah. Dury likely were killed. It might have been them. It could have been. We're not really sure although they do have their DNA on file. But nevertheless, it's not that this rate specifically was based on intelligence that Uday and Kusay were in this house. At the time that the US special forces that's forced 20 along with support from the 100 for Stairborn, a swooped out of the house. And as we heard, there was a fierce firefight. And those inside the four were killed. It was early reported that perhaps somewhere also captured. But those reports apparently are inaccurate. Apparently, and it might be, and it might not be, and maybe it is, and maybe it's not. Who the hell knows? Well, well, and why do you facts me this? This is bizarre. No, the MPT. How to now? What? No, no, no, there's no about the beast. Why can't we discuss this on there? Why do you have to facts about it? I mean, I waste my fast paper. Because I was a sheriff somebody had already mentioned it to you. I did a one overkill. Beast ineligible. Who would have mentioned this to me? How many calls have I taken today? About three? True. Beast ineligible. Bachelors city link stories on our website. I don't know if you care or want it on there. No. You've got already seen it. It was a very, very lame, and we don't want it on there. Okay. When I went like I said, we're not here to like give him this, this treatment, this, you know, like he's like I said before, charity case. No. Let him earn his own fame in fortune. Okay, let him do something. Besides just while around be fat, need everybody's free food. Let him do something. What a sad sack. And that's, that's it. Sad sack. That's exactly the term man. You look at him and that's immediately what comes to mind. Sad sack. Ramood fat. Looks aside. Good or bad. Which of these celebrities has the least talent? And quite frankly, we haven't had the tremendous input today. But you're mostly because I haven't taken many calls. That's okay. We got important stuff like Oude and Kusse. Benefic, justify the war as more questions are being raised about the prewar intelligence. As more questions are being raised about the occupation becoming increasingly deadly for US troops. So the troops is the kind of, like that. Result the kind of success story of that day and why not to eventually work. How about that Tony Blair? What do you think? I'll see him no more. He'll be out of the real soon. In fact, when he came to Washington, instead of making an impassioned speech to Congress to try to pedal that crap and cover his into the W's ass, he should have just made it his farewell speech. So I'm sure think that it was going to go on his knees. I'll apologize. Well, he is British. He might have spent a lot of time on his knees. That's what Mowataya. Looks aside, good or bad, which of these celebrities has the least talent. Dr. Phil 86, nobody's near Dr. Phil. He's in a leak of his own. Britney Spears 41, jail 037, Oprah 30, just in Tinkerbell 25, and according to Horia 24, she's pulling away from Enrique from his grasp. Senya Cruises got 20 of Mamegill. And she's climbing rapidly up the ladder. Enrique de Grecia's 19. Shannon Dorety 12, Adam Sandler 4, Brad Pitt 4, maybe they saw Snatch. Eminem 4, Gloria Steph on still on his 2. And I'm staying, this has got 2. We don't even know who the hell he is. He's got a pair. George Hamilton 1, Justin Guarini 1, that little fruit fly, and Maria Scurry, Mariah Carey's got one. Don't forget our gigantic 1 to 2 hour today, but in a lot of stuff that I guarantee you didn't play yesterday. You wanted a why? Because you ain't got it. That's right. And either this George got it. That's why he's out sick. God is punishing him for his laziness, for his slack and off all these years. For sitting back and let me work feverishly over a hot DCS here. Day after day after day, putting all the good stuff in here. It's okay, George. What comes around goes around? WCUAM. Yes sir. You have to know your cruise on that list. What did I just get through saying? She's got 12. I want you to take her off right now. How dare you, you son of a bitch? Excellent. No accident though, pal. We're counting an accident. 560, 560, pound 560, honey, AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. That was cute. WCUAM. Yes sir. I lived here for 15 years. I'm Hispanic. I've never heard of this silly cruise woman. I don't think anybody ever heard her. I think this whole thing is a scam. It's a fake. I mean the first time I started was on CNN. And when the image came up, I said, oh my god, it's divine. I said, you know, I said, I think it's a transvestite. It's not the real woman. Right. But apparently it is. Oh my god. Well I don't think divine ever war bananas on the head. But true. Hey, by the combination for the poll, the cast of friends. No challenge whatsoever. The whole cast of friends. Thank you. Okay. Thank you sir. See there's another recipe. You never heard of no city accrues. And then put calling people, stop it. If you know what's good for you, stop it. I can make one easy call to the ticket to finstein with my good friend Randy. You'll be right there with O.J. on a chain gang. You'll be right next to his dark ass. You might like it. Yeah. I hope you. No, no, seriously. Why do you see not everybody is travels in the circles that you guys do? And is restricted this kind of like narrow view of mankind. Nobody who like is is in the mainstream of American life. No, so that is or was. I was out of the impression she was world famous. Like like like let me. Let me. Let me. Let me. Let me. Let me. Let me. That has got to be the most ridiculous thing. Louis Miguel is best selling not only in Spain but like an Italy and the other places in Europe. Okay. How about we in Newton-She's like a Wayne Newton? Oh my god. And no wonder we hate her like poisons. She's like Wayne Newton? Like everybody knows her. Not everybody's heard her. Well you know. That's why I'm talking to- I put him both in the same category. Huh? One-dad. I'm gonna. Donkey-jane. Yuck my Donkey-jane. Same thing. She was a big fat uh, tub of crap, okay? Who was like by all the banana boat crowd? That's that was her crowd all the guys that are playing dominoes in domino park right now I'll take fat domino myself if I want to like to take a fat performer that I like fat domino when he dies that will really be a sad day You know fast domino You haven't died yet. No, he hasn't died yet. He's still a fat See there you there you go Who's more important that are Taina in America in the in the history of the world fat domino or a sad ya cool Okay, well thank god. You know it's Miguel that America entertainment in In the world no in the world that change change music change music the way we know it Why? What am I all time favorites fat domino Imperial records man when I was a little kid I've told us before I had to be the first one in town in Canada When the York which isn't seen do much had to be the first one to get down to the Miller record stir there on Main Street and get the new fat domino single I had to be right there to get it love fat domino cause about five five now it was I think they were like a buck What are you talking about cost five cents like I'm now that old. I'll see there he goes without you There's a little shot. There's a little shot. You know when you were a kid the only fact wasn't it like didn't they have it on those? What do they call those thing though vinyl? Well the first the rare like good The cylinders the cylinders don't remember that Yeah, yeah, like I'm one of those Edison cylinders. Yeah, that's what I bought it on fat domino on cylinder you speak You can take severe cruise and stick or what a moon rectum don't shine You don't smell too good by now. You probably don't smell any better than Uday and Kusay Three weeks, but then have been a bit disappointed that the reconstruction period in their perspective has been taken quite quite a long time So I think if they were now able to in fact do this raid with precise intelligence It would it is certainly impress the Iraqis once once more and would be fair to stay rich or did it's possible that this news might travel even more quickly among US military there Absolutely morale among the US military has been quite low. They've been going on so many on look at this teenage boy Founded maybe one of the sedan's grandsons. How do you like that? Do you see that? So maybe the two sons and maybe a grandson or maybe not let's like it. Let's just go after his whole family that's it And that sounds like where we are well listen in time everything in due time You know we have to sacrifice a few hundred more murk and kids and birds to and then maybe we'll get him Remember back when when that whole thing started with with 9 11 and the Osama of obsession and then after months went by and I said Well, this is not just one man. I mean he's only the titular right head if I can say that of the al Qaeda And it's a much bigger than him and there's all these cells in the audience Well the Iraqi opposition those who were loyal to sod on the bath is whether he's alive or not There's an impact that might even inflame them who they'll know is if I don't understand absolutely a war based on a stack of lies People line their every day this president should be impeached there is no question about that Tony Bliris on his way out You can just about fit Miguel's life on that he's on a way out And then I see a colon Palson Michael Powell the first while chairman of the FCC. He's bailin out this fall. Do you see that? I don't believe it. Oh, yeah, he's bailin out And Congress is like a working feverishly including some defecting Republicans to reverse the FCC action I would have let companies expand their media holdings like news Corp and Viacom and cheap channel And Congress saying not so fast, but The president says he's threatened to veto any bill that would overturn the FCC action Hey even though even though In a new Pew research poll response most familiar with the FCC action opposed it by roughly 10 to one I mean they got a resounding negative response to that of the FCC But Presence is he will veto any bill overturning because it's another Republican thing with their friends in big business What does democracy have to do with it nothing? It's called brainwashing they want to manipulate everything that you see and you can hear and all the news in the dummy everybody up, okay Although I am a patriot fan I want you to keep that in mind All right when the Patriot Act when they come after you because you had a Patriot fan keep that in mind as part of the Patriot Act Always like Tom Brady with it without the hair 1213 and 560 WQM if you want some really good health man If you want to improve your health by George ought to be pop in some instead of that crappy takes Oreo mad that's what will help you? Oreo mad soft yells contain the finest olive oil known demand. It's not just ordinary olive oil, but it is Super concentrated load with good stuff health benefits for you Oreo mad in your pussy everyday can't reproduce the risk of heart disease night cholesterol left with screw-and says plus there are 14 different Oliamin formulas to choose from each one combining the finest olive oil with vitamins minerals and herbal to support specific needs in your health from your bones Your blood pressure to your immune system All you do is pick out the formulas that are right for you and now we've got three new Oliamin formulas one to help you sleep One to help you control that weight and sell Q10 for your heart So for better health pick up Oliomid today. Why do you do new shopping? It's available all over town picks him up at public's records Walgreens Whole Food Markets Navarro's and Sadomas order it online at oliumatamerica.com If you want more info on these two pennies products and what they can do for you and where to stick them call toll free 1 866 Oliomid that's 1 866 6 by 36633 for better health start poppin Oliomid in your pussy right away Okayaris But who knows it could be And now they're showing the deck of cards there, but Sodom we still have some? No, no, grandson maybe. Errgh. Okay, let's get some more names on this pool before it gets to that wishing one a clock hour because once we start rolling one to two, man, you know what it is, don't you? No, what is it? It's fun and games and laughter in hysteria. Don't forget Thursday, we got a very short show on Thursday because we got the Marlins and the Braves. How many people are you predicting for tonight's Marlins Expose Game? Another 10. What are you giving away? Nothing. Five. Five people. Five people denied at the Marlins Expose Game so they got lots of you. You can have your own section this evening for else not give it away. No tickets for tonight's game didn't do it this morning. But he is giving away tickets for what is it now for his birthday party? His birthday bash next Tuesday. So he's going to give away tickets for that. All right, all right. Well, you got to stop those giveaways on his show. He's going to kill us. He and with such tremendous hopes we thought this was the savior, the Messiah that was been lead us out of the darkness out of the wilderness in the daylight again. Bring QA in back to where it's the servant place after Moe came in and just about destroyed us. And now all of a sudden, taxi and the clearance, thanks to weak management, thanks to Clarence who I'm sure is providing hours to get in all these tickets not from you. I hope. First boat. No, no, I'm talking about all the Marlins tickets you give us given away. The Marlins give us both. Giving to us, meaning QA. Yeah, and who's in whose possession are these tickets? They would be in the proportion department possession. Ah, ha. We got them. We, you and your girlfriend are Doreen. Hm-hm. By the way, Doreen's have Miguel's baby. Uh, okay. Oh, it's their macular conception. They didn't do anything. She just, she thought about it so long and hard that she got pregnant. Magic. No, seriously, so in all words, you're the one that's turn on these tickets over to Aforel. And turn his show into a ticket giveaway central, which is killing them. Yeah, basically. Oh, my God. And you and I, I, I, I hope you will open the city of Cruz, you know? With the body. Who? Who? Who? Who? Hello? Hi. Do you want to find your daughter? I'm your friend. Are you a friend? Do you speak Spanish? No, I do not. Oh, I see you are Carlos for Miguel. No, we do. He doesn't. No, this is Neil. I don't speak that language. Ah, as soon as I said, this is Neil. She hung up the phone. You miserable spicket, okay? That was a spicket in freeway. As soon as I said, who was, well, she hung up that damn phone. She wanted to bitch me out because we put C. The Cruz on her, okay? Because there are people alone who that was. She was probably going to bitch us one of us out. I know. I should maybe she can call back and speak to you. I'll put her on hold at bitch, okay? Very, very lovely. See, one thing I want to tell you about Toronto, okay? I'm not, I don't want you to come here because believe me, we have more than enough people. But the people, there are more, this is, this is like a true multicultural city. There are Ziggins of Chinese people here in Filipino people here in people from India and Pakistan and Middle Eastern people here in Jews and Goyam and and Irvy kind. And Irvy kind is Ziggins of gay people and the people aren't decided yet. And everybody just goes about life. You don't say it because you have no choice because that you walk into like a down the street, one block. And you'll see more different kinds of people in one block than you'll see in all of South Florida put together. The way she's. The way she's. Huh? The way she's. Like in a real city. That's right. Everybody gets along. Everybody speaks English. You would never have anybody calling you on a phone here and believe me. And Toronto, they don't speak French. So don't give me that crap. We got no frogs here. Those are the only people we don't want. They don't bother with my son. But nobody nobody would call you on a phone here in Espanol like that bitch. I mean what? And she speaks perfectly English. So how come she would assume that you want to talk to her in Espanol? Huh? See what I'm saying about some of you people. Why South Florida is so divided? The kind of crap that we're always hearing all those. Those professional winers with their bilingual bullcraft because of bitches like her. Okay. Yeah, Miguel. Yeah, I don't know where that bar. I don't know where that bar. I don't know where that bar. I don't know where that bar. I don't know what you mean. Brods like that. That piss everybody off. Speak at English, honey. Okay. If you can't speak at all, can that's fine? My grandmother lived in this country for eight million years. She spoke English like my little dog. You know like barely any. Which is embarrassing. But she wasn't too bright, you know. Hey, Carl, if I think I just found a piece of your roof here. Is this not man? Does he live in his drugs or money? He drugs lying around the border. Oh my god. And you know, don't get anywhere near anywhere. Because look what he did to George. George was actually making a comeback with this health until Abina Boyk. And he's been supplying him with some of the nastiest crap. WDQAM. See the crew sent me. Yes, sir. This sounds like a chronic I too. Hello. Yes. Yeah. You know, seven crews. You know, you may not know she was. Did she very popular worldwide. She wanted a bunch of grami. Yeah. And she was a big dolphin fan. She even sent a fever sucks. And one of her sons. Uh huh. Okay. Great. Five six seven. Five six seven. Five six. One of the one of your people again. See now they're coming out of the woodwork. They're crawling out like termites. WQAM. Which fund members can readily implement? Ha ha ha. That's even a guy. They're operators get whipped up by Caley crews. Taking time off from her busy schedule. How's it? You're doing under pull by the way. I think I have a feeling she may move up dramatically. Say you're crews. Look at at 29. She's in fifth place already. She's going to pass up her like she's squatting still. Looks aside. Good or bad. Which of these celebrities have the least talent. Dr. Phil 96. Britney Spears 42. J. L. 41. Oprah 33. Send you crews. I'm by the way. We put you to crews on there at the suggestion. One or listeners. Okay. That was either fact. Then or called in right. Right. That wasn't any of our doing. So don't be looking to point to figure. Not that we really care. But I'll be pointed to me. Sidious got 30 now. She's only three behind Oprah. Justin. Take her about 27. Anna Cornoholia 26. And Greek A 20. Shen and Dori 14. Everybody else. Small potato single digits. W. Q. I. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. There's no. The. You. You never heard of her. Please. Okay. We can. No. They're not. They're not liars. That's an upstanding gentleman right there. You're calling my audience. The new Rogers. Let's do that. Much of liars you idiot. Just because they won't suck up to your. Orps. That is your steals, not into a Who is crazy? He's heavy, got strong and that's becoming hard. He won't stop. Maybe no. When I Os Part �. After a few moments, No, I consider another. Did your tails slip up? Hopefully we can. Nope. I didn't know. We don't have time to list the Chicago and Miami, you know? Oh, international. Yeah, around a world. I bet the Canada Mexico. Uh-huh. That's it. So like I said, I've been record stores in Helsinki, Finland, Copenhagen, in Amsterdam, in Rome, in Milano. All over the guy they were, I've never seen any of her records. I've never heard anybody mention her. I've never heard her music play because I don't listen to a speaker radio and so on. But nobody I know is ever heard of Selya Cruz, okay? It's never. You tend to walk over to the south section and the inspects and whatnot. You know, you know something that I'm going to go in because you've not been done all these DVDs. We've got great records to return to Toronto. We've got H-H-M-V and Sand's downtown all these places. I'm going to go in to H-M-V today and I'm going to go to the south section. They got every CD that's ever been event. I'm going to see the Chicago City of Cruz. And in fact, in fact, you know what I'm going to do because I'm such a high-eat, flute and high-shot. I'm going to buy one if they got the Selya Cruz. Buy one and you'll like it. Buy somebody older stuff. The new stuff is fine too. 1228 is 560 WQM. Every week over half the customers at Dalmatra server, Pete referral customers, they know 1800 mattress, they've got the best brands of discount prices every day. Without any of the hassles or rip offs of showroom shopping. And they know what real customer services all about because Dalmatra's rank number one, no more ono honey, an overall satisfaction. 1800 mattress has delivery down to a side. It's used to delivery daytime time to fidget schedule. You get it to our window. So you don't have to sit around waiting all day praying that somebody will show up. And Dalmatra's delivers when you want evenings, weekends and holidays too. It's easy to see. Once people try to dial up, they never go back to those shrooms and waste their time and money again. The lovely Miguel recently called 1800 mattress and got the road trip. And even said, You're crazy. The liver to mattress right to his house. They were right on time, said it up took off the old bed for free in the works. In fact, if he wouldn't have made a work so hard, she'd probably still be alive today. And for all you high end shoppers down, my piss has a full selection to find his bed available anywhere. Like the Selya Crown Jewel, sort of perfect night. Simmons world class in Kingclaw, perfect contour. And Dalmatra's also has tempered pita. The famous Swedish film actresses that are absolutely unbelievable. So don't wait another minute. Call 1800 mattress right now. 1800 MATT RES, the easy to smart way to buy you a mattress or check them on that wicked worldwide web at mattress.com. The final highlight. And local. This is 42056. You're the only one who you have. The Rogers got. Jump here on the taxi, carry on the taxi, carry on the taxi, driver. That will pop. Oh, good. You look that mean. So quish at the ring. I could know he was in the dark. So I acted out my puncture aid. And with my arms, the trees I made. There's no bug. Speak English and a monger. I went down to my young man beach where the weather is nice. I'm shunning. I walked into a liquor store. But the guy there talks real fun. I asked him for a pint of fortune, and be me just not the end of what does that mean. The butter is piecing, wish. I got him a monger. That corner deline. Hell, I think I've been Pakistan's keep English smelly. All you can go back to the hour, eh. I came here for a year to go. I learned my ABC. I don't say much as gross years. I said pretty pretty. So get yourself to a classroom quick. You're an American now. Stop making me sick. You're not my speaking English. Come on, get the money. 123426-1255-60W. Here's a fact that this is Neil Show equal. Speak central. What happened first George Rodriguez now. Miguel and Carteros. Integrating all these accents won't raise that. Them. It says Cuban heritage. I lived down there and still can't tell the difference between Puerto Rican's Colombians, Cubans, whatever. All a bunch of godfather was in baby makers. The god squad. We know that Miguel is a baby maker, but the god squad? No. I'm sure you go to church every Sunday, religiously. Aren't you Catholic? That doesn't mean I go to church every Sunday. Oh, then you don't have to tell people what you go to church or not. Although now that you give it all those damn tickets away to for well, ruining his show, it says, all Mexican to me, you are here, you are Americans, lose the hyphen is what it says. Okay, lose the hyphen and get this guy to a spell ride. Okay, well, it highlights from one sign, of course. Anyway, this fact says Joe from Volca. Sure hope that's not the book that Joe did called for all this morning when I was listening. Oh my god, I hope not. A reason to rethink retirement is the fact I won't waste your time with the whole thing about Larry Glick, Boston radio people used to be on WBC. The great Larry Glick and the fact that he's in South Florida now, which already knew this thank you, Joe. A gritter with legal seafoods here in South Florida. Somebody told us that a long time ago. So what Joe is trying to tell me, a reason to rethink retirement. It may be three years and I must have five days, but think carefully. In other words, I'm going to be greeting people at legal seafood or something like that. I don't think so, Joe. We're tired. I don't think so. The sooner the better, believe me. Teenage boy found that maybe sounds great. So let me ask you this. So assuming it is Ure and Kusay and his grandson and it is them, does this mean that we found weapons of mass destruction or that there were links between Al Qaeda and Sodom and all these other going. No. Does it change anything? Does it bring that doctor back to life? Doctor David? No. Do you want to say it? Doesn't change anything. Of course, it changes the focus of the attention of the news for a little while. Does it bring back to life all those kids who have been sacrificed over there? Or are dying every day? No. No. Doesn't change anything? Well, there's a lot of money involved. No. No. Schmidt. 15 million dollar reward? Molly Ivans. What a great column. It's on our website today. Who can beat President Dufus? Oh, she is great. I'm not sure who I like better. Marine Dowder. Molly Ivans. They're both spectacular. That's on there. Right. Beater boy. But of course. Yeah. We got too many spikes on this show now. We need to get an on Italian. No. We already tried that. Jocos Delo. Here we go. Go. 560, 560, pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. Very bitterly disappointing the small number of people away. There's so many people in no talent running around. Making big bucks. Some of them just because they happen to look good because nature gave them. They're right jeans. WQAMC. A cruise line. I hear a nail. Yes sir. I'm going to put another one on your list. A coward sperm. How is Dern? Is he a vans dude? No, that's a bad thought. Okay. Thank you. Okay. That sounded like Reverend Jones, isn't it? Too much like him. Now we can put a Howard Stern on there. Make him happy. Maybe keep him off the phone. WQAM. You know how you do it. Okay, sir. I thought about. I'm just in the front of the accessible map. Maybe 1500 CDs. Rock, jazz, blues, reggae. How many by senior cruise? Never read of a bitch. I mean it's the usual Cuban centric view of the world. I like that. That's like a Cuban centric that's very good. Like we're all talking about today all the time and we're in the map. You know what? The rest of the world just goes on. Right. I'm not knocking or she could be great. Well, listen, I'm not lying when I say to you that I'm legitimately going to go out and try to find one of her CDs and on Thursday when I'm on Thursday we'll play a little bit of it and we'll find it out for ourselves. I hope she's great because she's worth all this build up to say been doing down here but never heard of her. Is a matter of fact now that you mentioned the, you know, Hispanic recording stars that I like Luis Miguel. He's Mexican, Mexican Italian, you know. If I were hard pressed to think of a Cuban performer or a Cuban listener, I, that I really thought was great. I couldn't tell you one. Well, they have to be ancient because we basically, you know, partly because of the fanatics down here, we blocked out, you know, all the modern Cuban artists. Right. That's right. I mean, I heard of most of that, man, only because people were, you know, praising hell and making threats and all that stuff. I mean, that's the unfortunate way it is here, the legacy here. Well, thanks, Bill. I still a little bit. You've got a great point. And what is that? That's the only reason we don't hear about anybody else. That's one of the reasons they say that clues are so big is that the Cubans down here can't get anybody else. They won't listen to any communist Cuban singers. What about an wreakiness? Oh, that's right. He ain't Cuban. Yep. Name for me one contemporary Cuban recording artists. Great. Great artists. They won't let him hear. They won't sell their music out. See, in the sun, there's you can't do it. I can't do it. Well, I know. Okay. What do you tell you? Jelo. What do you tell you? One of the hair. One man in the era. One man in the era. That's right. That was seen as song. One man in the era. I better play that, you know what? Thanks to the great reminder. What's your message? For the least time. But you, that guy with a spik radio was right. You got it. I wanted to list for the new spik radio station. My suggestion for least time. It would be Tony Danza or Wopigolberg. Thank you, Joe. Get those both on their right away. Does that say Joe Gerard or Joe Gerardy used to catch for the Cubans? Tony Danza and Wopigolberg. How could we have left her off so long? Or here's the fact that says, Stop being so narrow minded. I'm a 36 year old American board and rate the new jersey. And I have heard of C.L.C. She was a great salsa singer. I love the Latin music community. Just because you never heard of some of this means she had no tell. Wait a minute. I didn't put her on there. I'll list her put her on there. I just got through saying, I'm going to buy her CD and see if I like it. I have no idea she could have been good or bad or whatever. It's just I've been closed and article from CNN. I highly doubt they'll do an old bit for you. Son of a bitch. If CNN isn't old bit, what about if they do an old bit for Kusey and then Hussi? And Pussi, how about that? Does that make them great? What about the zamming? What about the zamming? Well, I'll talk about bitter. Why is sure hit a ronner with this? Sure, man. Excuse me. See ya. Wow. Woo. In addition to which all these people look at all the famous dead people we've had die. Gregory Peck, right? Tathrin Hepburn. Some of the greatest performers movies, TV and I would last few months. We've had a lot of very famous people. But where were all these people then? Huh? You don't want to say it? Not the same. Who was the- ah, not the same. What does that mean? Who was the most important performer in American history? Gregory Peck or Senior Cruz? Who did they represent? Gregory Peck and Katrin Hepburn. The great great- the great age of the American screen is what they represented. And Cuban centrics don't care about anything except what's going on in Cuba. And you mean like Miguel? Yeah, there. Okay. You two fight it out, okay? Okay. Okay. That's a lot of work. That won't take much. 18 to 1 at 5.60. W. Kuva. Cuba. Cuba. But now you've been hearing about Laminance Arrasan. How Laminate would flooring from Laminance Arrasan is the easy to smart to low maintenance alternative to expensive natural wood flooring. Laminance Arrasan is the best place to find Laminate. It would flooring from Pirodor, Purgot, Wilson Art, Unifluir and Quickstep. They've got all the top names all installed by Pirodos certified installers. Here's another reason why you should call Laminance Arrasan. Prices will floor you. Right now you can get through some are special for just 1995 bucks. You're headed right. Just 1995 bucks from the 385 square feet of beautiful Laminate wood flooring. It is absolutely unrelatable. Right. And Laminance Arrasan will match any legitimate written offer too. For a free and home estimate, call Laminance Arrasan toll free. 1, 877, 777, 733, 36. What could be easier? Free corporate disposal, free furniture, moving to 25 year warranty. And years and years of beautiful easy care, Laminate wood flooring. Calamians are a studate tool free and tell the old man Tordidikahl. 1, 877, 777, 733, 36. 5, 6, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6. The radio is on your turn. Pue. Miami. Water. Water. Water. Water. Water. Water. Water. Water. Water. Water. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. My name is Juan Mendeela. Juan Mendeela. Juan Mendeela. Juan Mendeela. Don't lose with Juan Mendeela. Let me explain something to some people up there including Miguel. And that is that people like Gregory Peck and Catherine Hepburn, their appeal was universal in his country. Not just to one ethnic group, okay? So if you go out into the hinterlands, if you went to Buffalo, if you went to the Buc Iowa, if you went to Ipsiladdy Michigan, and you asked people in a shopping mall about who was Gregory Peck and who was Catherine Hepburn. The odds are that even the dumbest of the dumbest say, oh yeah, they were famous actors, actresses, whatever, right? If you went into the Buc Iowa and who was shopping mall or if Selani Michigan said, who was Selia Cruz, this great international famous recording star? I was a middle of nowhere. How about like in the Buffalo? How about in Rochester, New York? How about in Toronto? How about in York, don't know? Anywhere in New York. Those Reekins, man. Those Reekins, oh shit. There aren't any Reekins in Buffalo or Rochester. See again, you're, oh, this is embarrassing, and humiliating. Would you get a map? Reekins, I mean. See, you're talking to New York City, is not New York State. Capiche? Isn't that whether Reekins go to steal the car? Yeah, that's Albany. Oh, I see. See, there you go again, start and up with it. Just like George, just and by the way, speaking to George, even though he's out sick today, if George were here today, I'm lucky he's not here today because he, hey, that's, he knew who she was. Of course, hate, hate, hate, hate, or like poison. Oh, yeah. And when I had this story out about her dying last week, he just went on in his usual hostile hateful way. I mean, I'd nauseam about how disgusting she was and about all this other crap. You heard anything to fight his mom in that case. I'll see that. You can understand that, okay? So just a backlash. Right. She would be them over the head with silly crews. Right. Hey, man. Right. You know, who wouldn't hate her? Good point. Just like my mother, for example, not for any particular reason, just in general. Sodom sons very likely killed and raped now. Let's see, that's what it's in an MSNBC, which I never watched either one of these channels MSNBC or CNN, because they're full of crap. And they're waving some pompoms, I notice. CNN says, body believed to be a bodyguard. So we got four bodies. The two sons, a teenage grandson of son and a bodyguard. If, you know, we're putting the pieces together. Anybody here? No, but they'll be screaming about this now for days. This is going to take all the heat off. And you notice the convenient timing now that Tony Blair is on the ropes and on a way up. And now we're finally starting to get the early calls for the impeachment of this president here. Because they lie through their freaking teeth. Yeah, just the coincidence that all of a sudden they put the big rush on and here and mostly had this four hour of firefight. And but I've been, we got a well, a few dead people there. And it might be this one and it might not be. WQAM. The best is the loan and the adult reads. Who is it? Can't or reads good choice? Got him on there? You also left your two? See, I didn't do this right. Because we've done those polls before, you know? I don't think they're understanding the question. No, no, I'm not understanding. You read it through the word. What I originally had in mind was to take a bunch of good looking people who had the least talent. You know, and I wound up screwing it up. Because I'm a, because there are other people up all the like Oprah who looks like crap looks like else the board and Calon a bad day. But she belongs on a list. Any list. It's got least talent. Because she's making billions of dollars. She has no talent. Not minimal talent. None. Zero. And I don't want to hear about those that the color purple or whatever that will be. She was in. I don't want to hear about that. Drecrow. She has no talent. None. She's the luckiest bitch on a face of the earth. Oh, why? Why? How's briefing? Surely. See it in. We're going to cure it. Oh, no. We have it. What you need to know. I'll to propaganda all the time. Dr. fills got 105 votes. He is. He is the front runner. And he has no talent. None. And the top of it all off is real prick based on what everybody says. J. L. 56. Britney Spears 46. Oprah 43. Seiya Cruz 40. Oprah. Look over your shoulder sweetheart. Anna Cornohoya 31, Justin Tinkerbell 28, and Ricky Degreesy is 22, Shannon D'Aurety 15, and man Amazon's up to 10, and then it's a single digits from there on down. That's that's a pretty good list. That would be Q.A.M. Radio. Radio. Kubernetes. I'll see. The hell with the poll, but let me get to this. Go ahead and question. During this whole procession this Saturday for Celia Cruz. I wonder who exactly did that bill? We got to call you. I want to hear about it. You. Who do you call? He called. You're more here. Yeah. I talked to this guy yesterday. No. No. No. It's not here. It's got to call with the same guy. Hate that man. I can't stand that. Same is that crap. Yeah. You already called on to show a once with the same BS gets a new BS. Okay. Who paid it? And what have is he talking about? 400,000 bucks for what? For the parade for all the crap that. Well, who did pay for that? We did the taxpayers. Well, I live in Broward. I didn't pay for it. How do you like that? I live in. I don't know. Do you hear if you're dumb enough to live in Dade County, then pay for all that crap. You know? Just like when he wanted to bill. I'm not even going to fight against the stadium anymore because you can be sure for where I'll be on. Yeah. Let's build that in. Moiled jump right on the ban wagon. Find building in Dade County. All you. Dade County suckers go ahead and pay for it. And in a couple of years it'll be. It'll be a white elephant just like my me arena. Just like everything else they built. Just like Mickey Harrison's arena. Nobody goes to those games either. But if you suckers in Dade County want to continue paying wild taxes, even though they're a lot of the kids don't have any textbooks to take home from school, that's that's up to you guys. Use guys. Because it's a foreign country. WQAM. Yeah. Can I speak to new people? Speaking. Hi, New Yorker. How are you? Okay, Lydia. I wanted to show your two Cuban friends. Two good Cuban people that's saying that nobody knows here for some reason. Okay. And I'm not even Cuban. One is so good. And the other one is Sylvia Rodriguez. And they can check them out. Sylvia Rodriguez. She came to Jorge Rodriguez? No. Sylvia Rodriguez. Pudge? Yeah. Think of an hour there. But anyway. I don't like salsa. And I don't. I didn't like Sylvia Cruz. But she is very well known all over the world. She is. Okay. No, I'm sure that because you're making them the steak today. No, wait a minute. What do you mean I'm making them a steak by saying what? I'm guessing that I never heard of her. Well, a lot of people haven't heard of her. But America is American. That's don't know anything else. That what's going on here. Yeah. Well, what about Canadians? I don't think too many Canadians know Sylvia Cruz. How can Canadians Americans say? No, no Canadians are much more worldly-wise than Americans. They know about what's going on in the rest of the world. They're much more intelligent than Americans. Well, but if you go to Spain, Italy, France, all the South America. I've been the Spain, I've been the Spain, I've been the Italy, and even in Spain. I never heard from No Sylvia Cruz. They have. They know who she is. I know who she is. I know who she is. I know who she is. Yeah. Okay. I'll put you on a test. Do you know who's got the best? No. Okay. Everybody knows who Carlos is. I have no idea. What do you mean everybody knows? I don't know. I guess that makes me dumb. Do you know who Francis O'Hare was? Yeah. Who was Francis O'Hare? Oh, no. Come on. I don't know. See, I don't know. Have a great day. I have no idea who those people will see. She was talking about. I wonder if she knew who George Eastman was. Do you know who George Eastman was? Did I get invited to camera? Never hear of Eastman Kodak. There you go. You ever hear of the Eastman House in Rochester, New York? Do you ever hear of a guy that used to steal all the time at his patents? I mean, there you go. That's him. Come at it suicide, by the way. Do you want to know why? One of the servants was playing salsa music by Sir Yakuza. You couldn't handle it. Jumped right out the window. See, salsa. I hate to break the news to some of you people out there. But salsa, for example, Luis Miguel. No, no. Yeah, I guess that's what they call it. On some of his albums, there are cuts that are like salsa music. I immediately, I want listen to my can't stand that. Who's he? Who's he? So if you don't like who's he? If he's going to first place, then you probably wouldn't know from that. See, if that's all that she did. This is he sing ballads? She sang ballads. She sang merengue. She sang salsa. merengue? Oh, I do like lemon merengue. Pime. Well, then. Don't you love her? Me? Oh, please, I don't even like sweets. You know, not just he doesn't like chocolate. It doesn't like sweets. I wish I had that problem. Kod, I don't want to tell you any more of my prior score ice cream stories. I'm just not telling him. Even I have a limit at the investment factors that's kicking in. Yes, he when you start lying to your friends, that's when you know you have a drug problem. I got news for a Mr. I'm a hell of a lot more honest about my eating problems than most fat. People are including this audience, which you've seen already just since you've been working on a show. How many times? About 30 minutes. Why try to get these fat bastards to call in and admit their food at least. They won't do it. Maybe one or two rarely, any of them. I'm the only fat guy who admits that I'm fat because I'm a glutton. I got addicted to sugar and I can't stop the candy in the ice cream in the ice cream in the candy and the pies. Oh, lemon meringue sounds really good. I haven't had that in a coupons age. Don't you like a, you know what else I like? Is German, what are they not in an ice cream? But chocolate, chocolate cream pie. That's right. You don't like chocolate. Well, I'll have your piece. 8. 256 at 560. And of course, Miguel, he's going to have the piece of the Cuban, though, and maybe an orchew. Yummy. He'll watch me eat the dessert. He'll have the immediate orchew. There will still, still, bread. I'll take a plan. The book I eat them. Oh, the flat. Oh, geez. I was just going to make me some bacon, too, during this one or two hour think I just lost my appetite. That's slime. Oh, I don't like slime. Well, well made. 1257 at 560 WQM. Herkane seasons here before a storm hits you always put up shutters to protect the windows and doors of your home. But what about the roof of your house? The Somai paint factory makes roof master. The roof cutting that can help your hurricane proof your roof. Somai's roof master, saved hundreds of roof during hurricane and roof. While I'm protected roofs, we're peeling up and flying down the old Hershey highway. Somai's also got water proof coatings for every kind of roof you've ever heard of. So, called the Somai paint factory at 305. 63363333. The Somai paint factory is the oldest quality paint water proof coating manufacturer. And the entire state of Florida. Somai will save you money because they eliminate the middle man markups. They sell to you and everybody else at wholesale prices that are 60% lower than what you pay for the same national brands in your retail stores. So, protect your home and property the real way from South Florida's tough tropical climate with the best paints and water Procoding and unbeatable low prices. Called the Somai paint factory at 305. 63363333. Or find them on the web at somai.com. It's SONY Somai.com. You save a Schmidt load a cash when you buy direct from the Somai paint factory. Tell them that the old man old meal targeted a call 305. 633633333. 63333. We are supposed to be in 564. 2AM. Okay, before we start our drug and equivalent to our, this fact that you just sent to me, this may be one of the best facts I've ever forgotten, you know what? Which one the one that, yeah, about Gregory Peck and about the Miguel being schmuck? He's not there anymore, is he? For me? Well, no, you're going to take it. You'll take it personal and you'll be upset, but that's okay, because that's what it's intended for. Talk about. Gregory Peck and Katherine Hepburn were icons of the American film industry. I'm Cuban and listening to Miguel and his Cuban centric attitude is pushing the vomit of my esophagus. How do you like that? The world doesn't revolve around us. This is exactly why people hate us so much because we have a vocal group for our selfish, spoiled fascist and expect everyone to go along with their whims. My mom came here from Cuba 40 years ago, and she feels the same way if a person at the department store speaks her in Spanish, she answers in English. I don't understand Spanish. Is there someone here who speaks English? So go ahead and call us traders, or whatever other names you can pull out of your eyes, because that's exactly your level, the maturity of a 10 year old system, anonymous facts, or with a great fact. Oh, good point. Okay. Somewhere. So what we're going to do on Thursdays play all city accrues all day, or maybe in betweenings of the Marlin game, which should only be more entertaining. Oh my favorite Republican. This is Matt Drudge and it's time for the skills being uploaded. It's time once again for the Neil Rogers. One to two. Power. Here's what's coming up this week on the Palpura Winfrey Show. Today, Palpura Show's you had a relief stress in your life. A nice heart bad with a Roma therapy, and I'm not even thinking about all this business with this Jesus. You know that talking about girls. Tomorrow, Palpura, welcome Dr. Phil. It all comes down to respect your woman. Right, Palpura? Go, boy, plan. And don't forget about Palpura's book club. The old testament was so good. They wrote a sequel. And now you can get them both in one heart cover edition. Look for my picture on the cover. All that and more, this week on the Palpura Winfrey Show. Join me for Palpura Winfrey every week. They have to have the Cardinals winch as you. Remember, it's a sin left to watch. I gave the command to kill thousands of innocent people. I said fill her up. I helped raise money to buy explosives for a suicide bomber, and I also could drive to my in-laws for Thanksgiving. I helped ship rocket launchers to Islamic fundamentalists in the Philippines, but it was only good fun. It was just cruising to the beach. I helped provide cash to train terrorist gorillas, but all I was doing was topping off my tank before my ski trip. If you thank your addiction to using gasoline in your car, isn't causing any harm. Think again. Because the money you spend to fill your tank, eventually goes to fill the pockets of terrorists. I gave the command to kill thousands of innocent people. And all I had to say was fill her up. Some other public service announcements want to blame terrorism on drug addicts, but we want to let people know that it's gasoline that fuels terror. So whether you're sticking a straw in your nose or a nozzle in your tank, you're part of the problem. I was just out for a Sunday drive. It's not like I was hurting anyone. This message provided by the Council on Displacing the Lane. It's their fault. You've seen films about the Irish Mafia. Now meet the Irish Mafia. In Martin's Quarcezies, games of Pennsylvania Dutch Country. As a kayak. I know. Has to find looking milk cow. Yes. It would be a shame if something potions to happen to it. Are these suggesting I've paid the protection? Ah. But a thing. Games of Pennsylvania Dutch Country. It's filled with excitement, but no electricity. Now I've laid down thy interest payments. I regret that I am as break at thy knees with this butterchurn. Half-dial for cotton. It isn't syndical that's on the Sabbath. I'd be 60. Oh, and forgive it with my vass for me. I shall break at thy knees on the morrow. Don't let stop foreign reasons, the spans of games of Pennsylvania Dutch Country. Put aside thy coffee trade. Or I come and talk back to these. Martin's Quarcezies, games of Pennsylvania Dutch Country. Where may guys aren't just made. They're crafted by hands. Are your kids tired of the same old action figures? Frankly, yeah. Then spice up their holidays with Mattels, troubled celebrity action figures. Still your kids hide this Christmas with shoplifting when ono. She's more affordable than you think. Look, mommy, she's gonna go full soon. You bet she is. And there's more. Forget T.I. Joe. Now there's D.O.I.N. with life-like Nick Nolty Drull. E.O. And now, let's hear. Uh-huh. Now, press his greasy head and he touched money too. Oh, anybody got a roofy? Be sure to collect all of Mattels, troubled celebrity action figures. Like with the Houston, or Pierce Neacristina Aguilera. See if you can find all 12 of herself mutilation. Well, she's in a publicly glad. This Christmas shopping is no trouble at all. With the troubled celebrity action figures from Mattel, somebody public relations, green teams, all separate. Yeah, you're going to spew. Come aboard. If you want the flu. And five. We'll be on the floor. Five. Five. Five. There's someone you're choose. But five. Both. Two. Two. Three. Three. Five. The five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. One. Five. Five. Four. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Six. Five. Five. eleven. Seven. Five. Ten. Welcome to Florida's Bar. First it was a hit on MTV. Then a number one movie. Now it's coming to Broadway. It's Jackass from Musical starring Johnny Knoxville. Hello Johnny, spread your cheeks. Johnny, it's so fun to punch you right there in the boots. Yes, all those risky stunts have been combined with fabulous showtools to create Jackass, the musical. Wow. The music, the dancing. The guy eating a yellow snow coat. It was better than jazz. 76 young guys, passion ball. 76 high pitchfields of man. Go miss Jackass, the musical. With all your favorite Jackass's on stage singing torch songs, then setting their hair on fire with them. Oh, I'm Steve, I'm just breaking local. I'm hurting myself to it. The great white way has just turned black and blue. Thanks to Jackass, the musical. Tonight on E, it's a very special episode of StarDate. StarDate Friday 730 pm. I'm entering the apartment conference of my blind date. I hope she's slender and beautiful and a bird. You know how I like to go boldly where no man has gone before. Hello honey, my God. She's huge. She's got her own gravitational pull. Must have been a good time to stop her. You mean that's all tonight on an out of this world episode of StarDate. Camp has won at 5.60 WC at the Mad Dog coming up 2-4. The Hank Goldberg show 4-630 Marlins on Direct ADC. 630 is 7 Marlins in the spos at the stadium 705. Father by the 80K show and Jull and Mark overnight. And then lonely moe in the morning. No yellow yellow this week. Kelly's on vacation. Drum up that other job. What do you see is going to work? Kroth. He's not saying. He's got another job on the line. Anyway, he'll be moe solo and then for rally to 10-0. What's the more taken giveaways? If you're on the acades that are in either low carb sugar free diet, you'd know that there's a great store waiting on you where you can do so much extra shopping I'm like in your supermarket where you can't find many items a snack to snack on when you're on the acades. The lights are twice both ways entirely dedicated to you. Over 9-Headward low carb sugar free products are waiting for you. And the lights are twice both introduces new ones every single month. Be sure to check out the new low carb instant cup of soup just add water pop it into the microwave. The new simply in the list is low carb muffins for a quick breakfast. You're on individual sized cheesecake. Low carb hot cocoa apple cider, blondies and brownies. And the lights in credible selection of low carb pasta sauces, dressing chips, chocolates, being a boy chocolates, and their famous carbohydrate ice cream too. And be sure to try Judy's low carb peanut brittle with unbelievably great taste. And don't forget all I can to brag about it. To our next sockets every day all day. There's staff where you know Zackens and low carb dieting inside and out. So this is a story of an love shopping in the lights a West Book. Open every day, 10-10 you'll find them on the North East corner of Glades Road and 441. Next to Boston Market column toll free. 1-877 low carb or shelf among the web at low carb.com. Don't forget the lights a West Book is your official Atkins retail centers. On the North East Coast is sports waiting for places to go to. QAM. Fridge paper piss me out. In the annals of horse racing the legend of one special thoroughbred continues to linger in the air. Iron and air. Air biscuit. I am locked no. Air biscuit. The new motion pictures starring Toby McGuire, Jeff Bridges and one extremely flachelent horse. No, that's Air biscuit. The whole thing is all the other behind. That's him alright. A shoe in for the triple brown. The new smell just one movie this summer smell. Air biscuit. I like the way you come all my money of Air biscuit. Wind pass a blow. Why all three of course. Joel Seagull says it's the smell good. I earth heel good hit of the summer. Roger Ebert gives it two thumbs up. His nostrils air is good. See it now we've forged shit off to the poor bedroom. I folks stand a smell or hair and I'm standing here with President George W. Bush. The man I'm endorsing for reelection. Oh George here is doing a great job. I mean you know when it comes to get that done. He makes Churchill look like Neville Chamberlain. Isn't that right sir? Oh yeah. Yeah he's not. He's my favorite basketball player. Right. Right. President Bush really stands up to the terrace. I say better than the Democrats. Let me come up. This guy's out the backbone of a nematode on muscle relaxes. Okay. Yeah. I think I used to lick nematodes back in my frat these. It's taking a lick. George W. Bush is going to give the Democrats a bigger lick than Huch's. Get Turner. Well I know what Huch is but who's Turner? George W. Bush is going to turn this economy around. So, faster than little Reagan's cranium in the excess. I didn't know Ronald Reagan was in that movie. I mean come on. I don't need to go off of the red here. But George W is to pro-active for policy. What heisenberg was to quantum physics. Okay. I was always good at physics and so please folks. Come November 2004. But for George W. Bush. Just me on this. When you'll be happier than Rupen stuttered with a fistful of ponderosa coposs. I think I get that one. Oh god. Okay. Poor by the surprising new friends of George W. Bush. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. If you know that you need me, you can be dumb. I'm not too. But you shouldn't be by. I'm playing the top along with you. And so I'll say return my mom. I want to get back. But that's my goal feeling. But that's my lack. One hundred thousand. But that's my love of God. For that much money can buy a dance, and buy a song. If you know we're going to buy a dance, you need therapy. Because the only one got that. Get the three into the fair. And so I'll say return my mom. Come on, be a cat. And why would they object? My root is now. Return my mom. But you got no right. You said I'm my team. The back really bites. Return my mom. I want you to get back. That's what has I'm swinging. And the naked chicks keep biting, don't hang in. I'll keep on swinging my song. You know I'll always be smiling. When the talcums offer that I go to the diving. I'll have a club in the jing dong. You're not alone in the back. Have you swing the night away? All day I'll drink. All day I'll dance. Not to mention the nice buffet is long. As I'm swinging. And the naked chicks keep biting, don't hang in. I'll keep on swinging my song. I'll be with you. I'll be with you. That'll both turn up my club. Mmm, some may call it lorin. Have been consensual sex. But all of you purest. You can fuck her up and kiss my big white ass. Oh, as I'm swinging. I don't give a shit what anyone's been. I'll keep on swinging my song. I'll keep on swinging my song. I'll keep on swinging. I'll keep on swinging. The United States has no quarrel with the Iraqi people. Our quarrel is with Iraq's dictator and with his aggression. Iraq will not be permitted to annex Kuwait. Just the way it's going to be. We like to fix the dumb who's safe. And it's here with a pipe. Sit back and watch his head and slow. Like a male or a way to ride. He tried to steal away Kuwait. And be, feel your sheep. Your sheep. I'll keep on swinging. I'll keep on swinging my song. I'll keep on swinging my song. I'll keep on swinging my song. I'll keep on swinging my song. So I don't give a shit my right hand. I'll keep on swinging my song. And be, feel your sheep. Even if the way to the bread. It's not a moosey. Don't allow it away Don't allow it to stay Ha ha ha ha ha That's that I don't believe it Love it that girl She's a big name beauty who's appeared in movies And you've seen her in the picture show Yeah I saw Ghost Bruce Wills Is your hubby and she's got a little baby That she brings to the studio right She makes all kinds of jokes about all kinds of clothes With the clothes she does with wear Are the clothes that are painted on my girl Who's naked on my cover of the vanity fair Let it be fair anymore Let it be on my cover Fair That she makes all kinds of jokes about all kinds of things It shows a lot of years and days And all the color of the vanity fair There's something right there we could think of I have a girl take a heart I got a great big passion for skiing Tights fashion because she's gone out all the way I'm not sure She got a body by her who knows And they even pretend the trim has She got a pin strap for the man who peels her with And she's looking so damn on there I'm so beautiful What you ain't seen That's not the extra ones I look over of the vanity fair I love that a thing I think you don't become a girl Fair I love that a man who looks over Fair That she makes all kinds of jokes about all kinds of things And the color of the vanity fair All my colors of the vanity fair All my colors of the vanity fair I don't know why I don't want to be a girl Who's gonna be like fair All my color of the vanity fair Boy, there's right, she's right there in the government. Look, she's so beautiful, smiling, she even pregnant this time. Alright, I'm starting to like it, will be so, and loves you, mother, arms-worn, and it's time for Hall of Burt and to get busy. Out of patience at a time, let's go to the royal fields online. If you've been tempted, that will definitely get it. When Burt and Ian forgets all, like John Ray and Wiffy balls, we'd kill anyone who doesn't get in our way. Don't give a crap, who it is, from women down to little kids. We've got to pump that oil right away. Because worries come from his business, but I grew, Laura's been for business, and so will crossing to. Laura's been for business, and so will crossing to. Laura's been for business, and busy, and to stay. Point the camera over here, look at the woman, welcome to some people. Glad to see us live a great Iraq, to be. Only the skin machine knows what the camera doesn't show. All the rifles we got pointed at there may have. I've got the camera working fine, got the boost that didn't lie. Go for us, whom I anything would say, and those who choose to follow, I will be rewarded in cash, when jeeping, rising, stack up on your face. The same as ours with vermices, on your mouth. Laura's been for business, and brawn in fact. Laura's been for business, and she is right. Laura's been for business, and we do things to love, to stay. Okay. 125 at 560 WQM, looks aside, good or bad, which of these celebrities has the least talent that's our poll question today on theorajus.com. 506, 5006 votes, guess it'll have any yet. Cast her friends, we shouldn't have taken that in the first place, because what does that mean? Tony Danza Nun, sliced alone one, wuppy goldberg one, Howard sperm one, can't or weave the pair, Adam Stangons, remember him? Oh yeah, he's got three. Brad Pitt Scott for Justin Guarini's got six, and deserve really so, and a lot more. George Hamilton seven, Mariah's scary seven. Gloria Stephon nine, we're going from bottom of the top. Adam Sandler 11 makes me puke. Eminem 14, Shannon Dority 16, and Grieke, the greasy is 27, Justin's Tinkerbell 28, and a corner for you 35, wow, see ya cruise 47. Oh, so, Saudi. Oprah 50, Britney Spears 58, Jailo 66, and Dr. Phil 1113, in a leak of his own. Another one thing that I admire most, about Dr. Phil, be side of fact he's making all that money with no talent. Exactly. 26, after one at 560, WCM, the mad dog coming up into a clock by now, you've been hearing a lot about lamina terus and how laminated would flooring from lamina terus, is the easy to smart, low-main and alternate it to that expensive natural wood flooring. Lamina terus is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from Peridore, Pergo, Wilson Art Uniform Quickstep, the top names in a business. They've got them all installed by Pergo certified installers too. Here's another reason why I had to be calling lamina terus, the price is absolutely for you. Because right now you can get the summer special for just $190.99. That's right. Just $190.99. It gets you up to $380 square feet of beautiful lamina wood flooring, which is positively unheard of. And lamina terus will match any legitimate written offer too. If you want you way free and home estimate with no obligation call lamina terus toll 1, 877, 777, 777, 733, 36, what could be easier call today and tell men Neil Toad to Nicole. They offer your free carpet disposal. Free furniture moving at 25 year warranty in years and years. A beautiful easy care laminated wood flooring. Call him today 1, 877, 777, 733, 36. My and local, here's sports radio 560, 2AM. Okay. Who was more important to American culture, buddy, absin, or senior crews? Buddy, absin. Greg, hate you. I've always got his name. You've been a very nice boy. I'm very nice boy. I'm so proud of you. You get you. He's got some business boy. He's got some business boy. He's got some business boy. He's got some business boy. He's got some business boy. He's got some business boy. He's got some business boy. He's got some business boy. He's got some business boy. Welcome back to the Mohalad David show. We're a juck full of zany, but good clean family fun. You know that pipe smoke and giz gozla thinks rap is funny. Is that funny? Plays crashing into buildings is funny too, huh? But since when is gang rape funny? Especially when it's me getting my debug grab. Word ad jacket. Hey, how about in Hoi Chi? Well in a local tap there's a when I talk. This is important. They don't know comedy. I'll show them comedy. Today I brought my collection of laminavna tapes. Oh? Laminavna, you're more on. They even named the restaurant after lumb. That ya cluelish muck. Book it back to that later. Right now it's time for our transcendent mid-show snack. Bring the morning mayor his food. Oh. Ah, here they are. My favorite place to die. I go to a booker. Dig in a very buddy. What if it's me? Book like a donut? Thought so the vain dumbbells from plant parenthood in the hood. Oh. But it's good. I'll tell you. Try it with the cocktail sauce. Hey, hey beast. For play that all is kupa record. I can't play this. Can't say it's kupa. There's a little atmosphere for you to help it go down the collect. Hey, baby. I've really dig dad Alice kupa. See? I'm with it. And I'm hip. I'm a hip stovier. The feast for filling all this wood. Here. I've got some more sense in here. I can clean your palate. Thanks, ma'am. All right. Oh, we got the meat head mad dog coming up at one. Followed by that fat jewel right after the quay in the spit. What's that? It's a play. The play. It's a play. It's a play. It's a play. It's a play. Hey, baby. I'm feeling kind of hungry. What's there now? Come here now. I won't pick you up. So good to take a back with. There you go. The kitchen. Right on the lawn. Help you build your muscles. You think that's the ball. When you need some bread and you want something big, I can't sleep around. It's the one that runs away. It's the one that runs away. It's the only way to hit any. Get out of it. Crack the records. With this one the first time anywhere. I'll fabulous two records. The likes of pop music spread as thunder as like. Bucks at thunder over. Everybody be in the business. The incomparable David Moy. It's not great. It's names in pop music. Snabbering. It's not a ring. They're way to the top. It's one of his impact on the low. We can bomb that. So hit those gassons. Press. I know. Three generations of great centers and shepherds. We're gonna go. And if you act now, pop that one. Throw in a fabulous collection. Pop runs and goes with James Brown. Any Roger? Have been a dog. I've been a dog. I've been a dog. If you try to buy these burgers, they probably put you away. If you don't like any of them, then go to Prococo. Crust and bounce. But centers and shepherds. From Prococo. Where we say, if you'll buy this, you'll buy anything. Hey, hey. Say, kids, what's real bad for you? But taste real good. And what give you the excess energy to drive mom crazy? Son, what breakfast cereal will you tell mom to buy? Next time she goes shopping. Snabber shopping. Snabber shopping. Snabber shopping. Snabber shopping. Snabber shopping. Snabber shopping. Snabber shopping. Snabber shopping. Snabber shopping. Roระ bird. Snow organizational relationship. Roระ bird. Kids areagens. Children controlled. A lot of slow children used for bread II. R lady choose- with shrimp. No-小, everyone would like her. R nine- mate. Once, with whoa-checked drinks. Aru kom. Why is your favorite French삵? Oh, I had things like this. Reng stpel. And mom's a love sugarjacky stew, cause inside every box, there's a free bottle of new flint stones, durable balios. So try, you super-sugar colored sugarjacky. From your friends, at iris-fantiful food. I'm a T.C. Groove, whoever can't you tell. How I love that future body, who it's now, who, with my pants around my knees, I bend out so I can see if there's another T.R. I'm a covered there as well. After I get naked and go running all over the place, I hope someone just like me. Will you go to showers in my face? I'm a T.R. Groove, whoever can't you hear. With stomach in, not in hells, somebody's turn. If I pop something at all, I just leave back in the stall. The excitement always makes my feet be swell. I'm a T.R. Groove, whoever can't you tell. There are usually golden, but there's still rock and enroll as the rolling stones, rolling stones. Social security recorded, lying in concerts. It's totally territorial, but I like it, no idea how I'm going. And the point is that it's still the problem. I'm a T.R. Groove, whoever can't you hear. I'm a T.R. Groove, whoever can't you hear. I'm a T.R. Groove, whoever can't you hear. The rolling stones, the turning gray, with a still rock in the way. It's not a good one. It's a T.R. Groove, whoever can't you hear. Six, a net hole over now, and get no. No more. I'm a T.R. Groove, and join us. I've got an join. The rolling stones, Social security, 3D pins with every CV, stop the stumbling of the head. My heart is making me another better. 21st, will 2-5-60 WQM in our summertime, itself, load a guarantees, 3 things heat humidity, and hurricanes. Now, nobody can control the weather, but you can control how you protect your home during hurricane season. The hurricane shutter and window shut provides you the best hurricane protection going anywhere. We'll just one call to hurricane shutter window shut. They'll be at your home the next day. We'll decode for hurricane shutters windows, doors customize, engineers specifically for you, and your home. From panels, accordions, roll-up shutters, impact resistant windows, and doors. The hurricane shutter window shut will absolutely not be undersold. They'll be at any written legitimate quote because when you buy from these folks, you buy and direct from the manufacturer and wholesaler. So do yourself a favor, call the hurricane shutter and window shut, at 1-800-5-38-0191. They also offer cash and carry for do-it-yourself handyman. So if you're really serious about hurricane protection, customize an engineer specifically for your home, and you sure ought to be a special this time of the year, call the hurricane shutter and window shut, call for free, 1-800-5-38-0191. Be sure to tell me they should be on the other side of the car. 1-800-5-38-0191. And more! This is Sports Radio 5-6. Hey, man, it's you! Fuck them! Oh, I like them! I like them! You need to be... I need to be... I need to be... I need to be... I am Jed Gappel and this is the final edition of Nightline. You'll probably notice lately that much like all other news organizations, we've been featuring only week puff pieces. But tonight we're going to break away from all that. We originally scheduled a tour of Michael Jordan's bathroom. Instead we have with us the father of teleband soldier, John Walker-Lind, Mr. Paul-ind. Mr. Lind, how are you this evening? Just handy! You hired five attorneys to defend your son as the correct? Yeah, he's a good boy. Nightingale. Then you explain why he joined the teleband? It's quite a brat. Always hated taking a bath. My does he use his mother's maiden name? Ha, not now. She's the one who wanted a baby. You seem vaguely familiar, aren't you? No, everybody thinks I'm dead. That was my lover. I told him not to stand near the window. And so you assumed his identity. I'm sure I call it that. We have the same waste size. Where you surprised who find your son was living in Afghanistan? I just thought I was a carpet star in Cal Calpea. Yeah, yes, I see. It's that eargmail hair. I can assure you it is. I'm not a paladio. Mind if I check. Oh! Set is wide. Super check, when it's blood dries out, teller. Try some deputy div. I'll be back with some final thoughts. After this. Oh! Sissy. Find you six miles across the sea. You've been sending me just a Miami. That's all it takes to reach it. Say the town of Man, the skate plan to take plans. The skate plan to play the red and that was on our head. Now we have to use toilet paper instead. A skate can do Miami. Mixed Target of a land. A tropical paradise loaded with dirt. The premium world. Oh, I love my name. There's something else I can't believe. Yeah, but we really have a drink, our fee. The difference. Splash of youth, growth and seas of boat. Pointed for Miami and off, we go. To where the angry human slot, we go to the tank, a tank, a tank, a tank, a tank. That's our plan to skate plan to skate plan to skate plan. The plans are planned to skate plan, the plan or plan to skate plan. Go! Number! Number! He's the man who will make your life with his golden start. I'll just go to Manila. His dreams, you see, he has no master class. His man must have class. Dr. Evelyn is back with his phone. And the bus is still waiting for him. I'm not feeling it. He's not just much, even though his car's been cut short. Shots go all the way. He's the day and we know that you've been gone. If not James Bond, he's got a small world. And he's lost. I'll kiss you. He shines every lung. You've been gone. He's not far. First, it was the company that claims a successfully close-up human. Now, it's the charity concert of the end of the new year. Clownade, where legendary performers take the stage to promote the cloning of human beings, like Neil Young. I need a zombie cause. My heart is old. And he'll take over when my body's cold. Clownade, also featuring a staring performance by John Melanchamp, or someone who looked just like him. Neil. Jack and Brian. Two man-kin kids going up with the stage in the name of her. Don't risk the first ever cloning with a greatest singer song, Wider of all time. He's in trouble. Bob. Dylan. Who's out for it now? Feel the world alone. Now, for that it must be a cloning. It's not just a key invitation of farming. It's an exact genetic duplicate cloning. A cloning ticket sold in pairs. Newt gang rich does the hanky pinky. Newt gang rich does the hanky pinky. Newt gang rich does the hanky pinky. Newt gang rich does the hanky pinky. We've got he always back his mind, baby. They tease Bill Clinton about it all the time. They call him womanizing no life's life. But newt's chasing girl is all around my nest. That's why we're sure times like these pairs of bears. Who would have thought who would have thought of that? All right, here we go on a desk. Let's go. Oh, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, the committee would like to know although it's hard your shoes that can help money if they have it. I see. Oh, see you there now. Oh, the committee seems to know him for Friday. Yeah, they'll be no further, yes. I saw him working on his big, high-blast. You come here often, baby. Watch your side. A pretty happy public and all alone. A pretty baby, can I give you the phone? Who would have thought who would have thought of that? Come on, baby. You meet the Jewish and the river. Newt gang rich does the hanky pinky. The hanky pinky, the hanky pinky. The hanky pinky, the hanky pinky. The hanky pinky, the hanky pinky. We've finally always bang his mother's hand. That's a looting. 151-560WKM, look at that pole man, say you're cruise. You started it, beiner boy. So you're fall. Looks aside. Good or bad. Which of these celebrities has the least talent? Dr. Phil 125. Nobody going to touch him. J. L. 68. Britney Spears 61. Senior cruise in a five-footed fourth-place thigh. 52 with Oprah. Ever seen the two together? Look at all, like. Think about it. Never saw the two together. Both have 52. Anacornalhoge 38, Justin Tickerbell 29, and Riket Agressius 27, Shannon D'Arty 17, Eminem 14, Adam Sandler 12, Gloria Steffon, Atpitch's finally starting to move up Ben Gönnisi 11, and tied with Justin Grorini, and herself the two together either 11. And then after that, small taters. 152 at 560WKM, her keen season is definitely how I've been southwatering my gnomest take abode it. Before a storm hits you always put up shutters to protect the windows and doors of your home, but what about the roof? The Somai paint factory makes roof-mastic. It's a roof-coating that can help you hurricane-proof your roof. Somai's roof-mastic saved literally hundreds of roofs during hurricane and roof. While lots of unprotected roofs were peeling off and flying away. Somai also has waterproof coatings for every kind of roof. So, called the Somai paint factory at 305, 6336333, the Somai paint factory is the oldest quality paint waterproof-coating manufacturer in the attached state of Florida. Somai's going to save a lot of cash because they eliminate those middleman Markups and they sell to you and everybody else at wholesale prices that are 60% lower than what you'd pay for national brands in your retail stores. So, protect your home and property this smart way from South Florida's brutal tropical climate with the best paints and waterproof coatings under the sun at the best prices too. Called the Somai paint factory at 305, 6336333 or 599 away, but Somai.com You save a lot of cash when you buy direct from these Somai paint factory SOMA-WI, which you're not only able to tell me you'll afford it to call 305-633633333. It's my life and love! This is for 305-60. You win 2 AM! Follow Maple Leafs. They don't come any better than Neil Rogers! Look at all the key outages covering their tracks. G-A-O has key outages for being in their pants. They don't want the facts in their stock again. These deep Christians, the open seas of their moral rounds. As they reach the integrity back to the white house, read the old scrapouts, tell that they don't kill it. That's me, I am not thought of these. I'm the huge young bearers, our sons and sons. When Somai gets instant, they just place the flavor to die. The pathology of these is their right to find. These you hold their 50s and three articles. They don't care who die. They just want that white light. Hello Mr. Rocker. Hi, I'm Daniel McLeod. Is he me? First up, sir, we will do the Roachack test. Would you like to say love when you roll your tongue like that? No, your boyfriend, sir. Excuse me then. Go ahead, go ahead. The Roachack test is in place as they say English. I will show you this in place. You will tell me the first thing that pops into your mind. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Some look at what you think this is. Almost. And this? Let's go. Okay, and this one? In fact, it Haitian. Alright, how about this? We've all tied right in the balloony colony. Interesting. Let's move on, shall we? Let's try some word association. I'll say a word and you tell me the first thing that pops into your mind. Hey, hey, hey, hey, no Mr. Rocker, we haven't started yet. Alright, here we go. Fall, Grainus. It's cat. It's microwave. The color blue. You know, John, why don't we try waiting a moment before you respond, jerk? Mr. Rocker, I only wish to be a friend. Why got me on his couch, Doc? Do you know what? You five-boy? John, I'm a man. What's your wife's name, Chuck? No, actually it's glass. Yeah, you're glass today and I'll take your bank away. How about you? Why are you running? Sir, sir, running, John. John, are you a wild thing? Do you make my heart sing? Yeah. Bye, bye, bye. Thank you, welcome to show. I'm five-six years old, and you two will have my important learning.