Troy, thank you. All right. Thanks a lot, pal. Got to get that on there, right? How could we have forgotten we don't have money? One, too many. We don't have one. Americanism. Don't get justice to those. Right. Let me see if that's King got it. Got it. I don't think we need any other one. Said that's his, that's the word. Don't get justice to those. I mean, we could put. Uh-huh. There are many. But I don't have to do talk show all those. I don't have to do a talk show. I know how to do a talk show. Oh, that one. Me so for me? Who where are you? Some kind of sex machine here. I've been doing this a long time. I just Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers. What was your first break? I went to work in Nakton Dorsing at a job at a small radio station in Miami Beach floor. I did everything. I was an idea. I was an idea. I'm an idea. I'm an idea. I'm an idea. I did the board. I did job. I did sports. I did news. I did everything cleaned up. I cleaned up. I did everything. One of my favorites. Neil Rogers got. No, not that one. I don't have a bonus book. Yeah. And we could play the whole ball spot. Call button out right this moment. So there you go. Let's just put the lonely fifty dollars. How could we have forgotten Larry? Larry? Uh-huh. He's still there. How about a QAM? Yeah. I'd like to talk to Neil. Speaking. Oh, hey, Neil. I just wanted to. How about um. Yo yo yo the treat mode. Oh, I love it. Excellent choice. Um, can I ask you a question? Yeah. Um. I'm sorry. I don't know. I'm not. But nevertheless. Um. Is there any way we can get? Because my that my brothers and have the. A credit card to buy your mobile. Is there any store that you can get them? Oh, no. No. He can. Oh, he's perfect for treasure island. Maybe he'll get lucky there too. But anyway, yeah. Even go to one of the appearances and pick one up there. Alright. Thank you. Thanks. Thanks. How could we have forgotten? Yo yo yo let's rate. Yeah. Let's get that on there. Right. What are we going to put this? Yo yo yo yo let's rate. Oh, yeah. Let's get that on there. Right. What are we going to put this? Yo yo yo let's rate. Yo yo yo let's rate. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Let's rate. Excellent. Good choice. Thank you. The Os great song. But I don't think they'll recognize it as that. Oh, they will not. 567. 560. Pound 560. We got a growing list. It's spectacular. Man, never did I realize. And of course, wouldn't you know on a day. All we do have to do nine votes. I wonder. We start this about nine. 45. Okay. It's a good. It's a good. It's a good. I have no idea. I don't either. What's your favorite expression or product you got from the Yorajers show absolutely correct. Your 53. I'm so low. And why do I? How did you like that little montage? Did there? I thought there was a lot of pressure. I was a very impressive. About 30 man's got 45. About 30 man. No. 523. May that's key chain. 22. I'm dying over here is tied with it puts the lotion in the basket. 21. Let's stuff to separate those. Reverend Jones your gay 18. See, this one. I don't want to say it because I can't do it just as well. I can't do it just as for justice. We must go to. Don't do it. That one. Nobody can share like that. 17. Right. Mitchell was his rectum. Right. It was pretty big. Fish food 13. Oy. Oh. This is also much lower. I should point out. It's got 10. I just got 10. Uh-huh. It's got eight. That's the American Affirmoy. It's got seven. All of these things five. All my Joseph Gaki for the all my moisture. Unbelievable for my cone. Three. Vokaburgers have got three three motor motor cones. The three bookaburgers and I'll have some today's fellow. I'm sorry. Got the moons that appear. I-I-I-I is got two. Get the honey juniors only got one. That's only got one vote. Doesn't that's, aren't you shot? No. I'm on each one. Yeah. What? Come on. There's something rotten and Denmark with that. Thanks for calling one. Vagalbites finally got one. Oh my god. One. And one for it is so hard. It's right. You baste is where you fudge packet. I ride mad dog and the rest of them don't have any yet. But we're just getting going now. You follow my- It's my- I follow. You know speaking about this thing in the man that you keep changing the y-up and pending fund raiser and everything. Yes. Already since we were talking about what we're doing. We're already people are talking about which keychain if we're going to do a keychain. Well, hopefully I'll read this discuss this because I'm sure I know exactly where you're going. Right. He's already said, no. Yeah, but- And in fact, I don't think he was the one that said, no. I think that somebody next did before I actually got back to him. Right. That's what I'm getting at. I think that now maybe that he and I are so tight, right? Those are balls. I think maybe we might just lighten up a little bit. I think it would be criminal if we did a keychain in and it wasn't that. Especially since we're going to raise money for charity again for one of the adorgia charities. Again, who could have a problem with that? And specialist in season dorgall, I've got a dorg right? And he's got that doggy hairpiece? What do you say, Mow? Those are balls. Come on. Huh? I think we should work on that. Come on, Mow. Once you consider. He has a boss. Okay. So, there's going to be a boss in the hallway. What a sachty. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound. You know, he talked to the powers that people they're scared of him. They're scared. They're scared. I can understand why, but they're afraid that terrified. It's for charity Mow. I know you go along with it. We would do the same for him. Sure. What do we do the same for him? We do something for him. Absolutely. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, yo, what's up with you? Gump the bushbook. Whatever that guy says, that cracks me up every time I hear it. Yeah, I'm not really, let me just play it and see exactly what you're saying. Because I think he says, gangster, you're win-win. I can find it. Yo, man, what's up with you? Gump the mishporker. Excellent. Exactly. I like the Charlton-Hethon youth. Kind of a bit. Okay, thanks. For Chuck, for Charlton-Hethon. He's shot. Gah, actually it's interesting because it says on a... Whoever put this in here, gangster mishporker. Right? Which is how it's always easy to find because I don't know how it's spelled in there. But gangster. Yo, man, what's up with you? Gump the mishporker. So obviously, that was put in nearby. Go ahead. 1056 and 560 QAN. I can move. This is course where you'll find safety. QAN. It's Friday, you first. Okay, come up on 11 o'clock at 560 WCM. Sure, I hope now. You tell Dave that I put him on hold or not. No? See what I mean? Peanutboy, he's like totally out to lunch. You there, Dave? I am. Thank goodness. He's not gonna be patient enough because I have no technical way of picking it up and talking to you in our... ...or a board officer paid to a little actually talk to the people on the phone. So... You know I was here. Anyway, I gotta win or for you this year, Dave. Who is it? I have the winner. Well, don't say who was it. And we're gonna put you on a spot first. I am not picking the truck. I'm through with that game. Bye-bye. I'm out in business. This is the voice of the Kentucky Derby since regret won. It wasn't in 1915. There's a rumor that I was here for the first one in 1875 as not true. No, that wasn't you. That was more Howard David. Who used to watch Ty Cobb a plan as a little child. He enjoyed that so much. Anyway, I'll tell you who I like. Indie and Express the Bobber Horse Written by Timber Bayes. I'm gonna use that horse in my deck as I think he could go right to the front and never look back. But I think he might get caught though. Do you really? Yeah, I like Empire Maker. I think he hasn't won his best race yet. So I think the best is yet to come for that horse. Take an easy route out again. Dave, take an extra six to five in the morning line. I didn't, you know, a rod he was the biggest favorite. So before this horse, and I'm telling you, this horse might even win the triple crown. Out of the 12 hole and a big field. Well, let's see. Let's see. I got a great, I got a great column here from the Boston Globe this morning because I did a little bit of my homework. Yep. And it's all about this horse. And the Express is as expressive here as I'm a fast track and it tells the story about how I feed Pinky Junior. Pick the horse out and turn it Bobbered onto him. And the wildest horse. And you know, this is the wildest story in the Express. I give it 80, there are 30,000 that falls a year registered. And in 2000 there were only 106 registered from the state of Utah. I mean this horse grew up on a tough ranch with rattlesnakes and when coyotes and things. Either tough, either tough mother, I'm telling it. I sure hope he's got a better disposition than Dick Cheney. You know what the honor is? Who is the owner George? The Phil Chass of chess records can mark the head of chess records as the owner of the host. That's right because it's in the story. He's 81 years old and he loves to back. Well, who the hell doesn't? Let's hope we make it the 81th deal. And of course, listen, we allow B.D. do any things for 30, 40 years. Make no mistake about it. I'm going to man. I've read this covered radio, so boy, am I happy? Well, you mean by then? Oh, that's the reason. I want the radio. I understand this. So am I. Of course, I was always on a radio used to be on TV. So one of us is moving in a wrong direction. But when you got that kind of cash day, what if it doesn't make this lap? Yeah, I'll lie all the way to the bank. And I don't worry that, but you probably still had that old. You could probably as an heirloom get that old Howard Kossil hairpiece. Get that on the month, Paul. Huh? I was thinking about this yesterday. You know, we all have our cross-diverer life. I've got no Howard David and you had Howard Kossil. I had Howard Kossil. Boy, he was tough. I'm provoked at one Howard in our life. One too many. So you're picking your stick and with the Empire Maker Jerry Bailey? Right through the triple crown. He's going to win it all. Really? How we've heard this from you before? When? About every year. Every year we had the same conversation. We could put it on tape. And I usually get sucked into doing the same thing. But not this year. Any express written by a 20-year-old Tyler Bayes. He's 18. This is in my story. He's 20. He's 18. You sure you still want him? It says written by Tyler Bayes. A 20-year-old is that, yeah, no, I'm not touching that line. Written by Tyler Bayes. A 20-year-old is never written in the Kentucky, Durby. Now, is he the son of Russell Bayes? No, I think he's a cousin of Gary Bayes. I see. But that's a racing family. A lot of history California. Definitely. A lot of bases out there on a West Coast. Okay. Well, we're going to write these down and we'll do the same thing. But it imagines your 50-granded when on each one. And we'll see who comes out and head the other triple crown. Very good. Have you run into our close personal friend Hank out there yet? I saw him, but we were, we had a bowl of soup together yesterday. And you know, this is just so much fun to come to the Durby. And, and, and talk horses with Hank. Yeah, yeah. And we talked about you. I knew my earl burnin. Those ratings are enormous. I'm glad to hear it. Well, everybody's going to have something big in their life. You know what I'm saying there? Okay. That's a nod to. How big are your burnin? Are you still in Toronto? I'm in Toronto. I'm disease free. Everything is great here. Tell everybody you know to come on up with no problem here. Everybody's happy. Nobody run around with masks. Everything is great. That's great. And believe me, we need the cash. I'll see you at one by in Dave. Okay. Good luck. Talk to you for the greatness. Take care. Thanks. Dave Johnson, great guy. Great race collar. Indian Express. And you saw you had picked the same thing, huh? Yeah, based on on that, because Ken was telling me about that. I was having him help me. Any talking? Ken Alden? Right. Ken Alden? How's Ken doing? He's doing great. It's a lot of happy. Take care of yourself. Ken. Watch your back and add place. Ken Alden, he's a survivor. You know, there's some people or survivors. And there are other people like you know, but a wayside. Not us. Me and Dave Johnson and Ken Alden survivors. Thought me, believe me? No. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Don't let me forget I'm going to read that art. I'm looking at the facts. Is that came over here? Let's see. The Schmidt, myster, maybe getting fired for posting the Topless Zated Joan pictures on his website. Topless while smoking. What does that say? Pregard. Oh, topless while smoking. Pregard. The smoking gun.com as the paper were filed by his lawyer against a cheap channel. More importantly, what's his website? So I can see those pictures. I don't know. We want the website to meet you if not sooner. So Billy, I in Voka, please pass again. You're currently my head. I'll talk to the other's pictures. What is it? Topless.com? And speaking of topless and the coolest Scourad has a memo now. I'm excited to announce the hiring of Curtis Raymond, who's the new Sports Hales Manager of WKUA. Welcome to the family Curtis, whoever the head you are. Can't tell you. Another. Curtis will oversee. I love the way she's got two separate words. This is our sales manager. Okay, boys and girls. You can't spell. Curtis will oversee all sponsorship sales of the Dolphins, Panthers, Marlins and Keynes. Curtis comes to WKUM after ten years at infinity sports Boston as sales manager in the New England Patients in Boston, Bruins, radio networks. Oh, this guy will last long. He's going to stick around after ten years in Boston. You're going to stick around her very long? No. And he probably don't even know about Roy. And that's stuff. It about her being plastered at that Dolphins thing. Or is it the Marlin, whatever it was, it's a PP Park. Please join me in welcoming Curtis to the QM family. Says, screw-and-welcome Curtis. Welcome. Whoever the head you are. That is amazing. It's just like a revolving door. We got to show ourselves in and out and in. And I would of course just screw-and-specially in and out. Should I be just article again now? Please. I mean, I'm sure we'll have some more additions for the pool, but we talked to Dave Johnson. We got our picks in for the derby. He's there with the hump on the lead. I'm glad he said. I had a bowl of soup with that. You know what I said? I've got to tell him to say that. Because we got to keep Hank alive. He has read and read on the edge. It didn't show away. I just souped. It might have been a cheese onion soup. So what's wrong with that? That's still okay. You're not going to get spashed for meat and bowl of soup. Believe you, me. I'm going to tell you the accoutrement stick with it. Crackers. Don't eat no crackers. Crackers are for going. Derek Z. Jackson in the Boston Globe. See, everything comes back to Boston. Jerry Williams just died. We got Curtis Raymond, our newest sports sales managers from Boston. At least he worked there for 10 years. And this article from the Boston Globe. As we're trying to present another picture, Teo, while the endless media pepper alley goes on. All the people with the pom-poms out there. It's said that that's what it is. It's an endless pepper alley. It's all spin all day. All good news, man. Everything that we got to play that again. What is that? Stores and strikes? Yeah, it should be in yours, sir. Is it in mind? I think so. Oh, I never knew that. What is? Oh, yeah! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Okay. Defense CEOs are big winners of Iraq War as this article. I'll try to read it even better than I've already yesterday, which won't take much. More than 130 American soldiers died in a dubious war in a dusty or ill-rich land. In dust-free boardrooms the CEOs behind our bombs missiles tanks and planes went to corporate heaven. On the dust, 12 teenagers paid the ultimate sacrifice, in the boardroom men in their 50s and 60s filled their sacks with cash. 12 soldiers will never see 20, at least 13 weapons executive to come more than $20 million in compensation since 2000. The young paid dearly, middle-aged and green CEOs were dearly paid, needed the clouds of dust or the closed doors of the boardroom can hide the bankruptcy. The Boston-based watchdog group United for a fair economy known in general for its reports on the vast pay gap between CEOs and workers. This week published a report on the even more insane gap between soldiers and weapons CEOs. Using federal corporate and think tank data, the group found that while the average army private in Iraq runs about $20,000 a year, the average CEO among the 37 largest publicly traded defense contractors made $577 more money in 2000, $11.3 million in that's the average. Since 2000, the 37 defense contractors CEOs actually given our first strike war, it is more appropriate to refer them as offense contractors, have taken home $1.35 billion. That may not be billgates, but it still means that just 37 men have made enough money in the last three years to for instance pay for two years of running the Boston-Public schools, meanwhile everyone knows how the budget cuts have turned public school systems into their own little bagdads, because a government said there's no more money after war tax cuts corporate giveaways and sports stadiums. In a less predatory America it would be rude to brag about financial winners as a result of the terrorist attacks of $9.11 2000 and the attack on Iraq. Get between Homeland Security and Afghanistan destroying Iraq and rebuilding Iraq, it was hard to tell whether offense contractors were patriotic equals or bouncing volatures. Sacrifice? Not when the 11.3 million dollar average pay of offense industry executives is nearly $4 million more than the average for the largest 365 companies surveyed by businessweek. CEO pay a Lockheed Martin went up from 5.8 million dollars in 2000 to 25.3 million in 2002. It went up a general dynamics tension submarines from 5.7 million in 2001 to 15.2 million in 2002. It went up at Honeywell aircraft from 129 to 45 million in 2002. It went up a North Crafft and Northrop Grumman from 7.3 to 9.2 million in 2002. Paying up at a Lion Bullets and bombs from 1.4 million in 2002 to 10.5 million in 2002. It went up a Cardinal Health Medical Supplies from 2.9 million in 2001 to 17.7 million in 2002. It went up a United Defense Administration's dozen cannons from 794,000 in 2002 to 2.7 million dollars in 2002. At Raytheon missiles and bombs went from 8 million in 2000 to 2.6 million in 2001 and back up to 8.9 million in 2002. In a radio address in May 1940 during the defense buildup party West entry in the WW2, President Roosevelt said, our President emergency in a common sense of decency naked imperative that no new group of warmen in air shall come into being in this nation as a result of the struggles abroad. The American people will not relish the idea of any American citizen growing rich in fat and an emergency of blood and slaughter and human suffering. In the same speech Roosevelt also said, we must make sure in all that we do that to be no breakdown or cancellation of any of the great social gains which we made in these past years. We've carried on an offensive on a broad front against social and economic inequalities and abuses which had made our society weak. That offensive should not be broken down by the pinchers movement of those who would use the present needs of physical military defense to destroy it. Six decades later, Warmillionaires run the country whether that be Vice President Dick Chains Old Connections to Haliburton, for the $13.6 million that Lockheed Martin, North of Grumman, General Dynamics, Wathione and United Technologies have given in political contributions since 2000. Military spending after falling from 320 billion in 1991 to 266 billion in 96 as sort of the $400 billion level. As the Warmillion Air SORE using the majestic patriotic masks of eagles to disguise the ugly voucher waiting for a handout, U.S. is creating a new definition of friendly fire for the budget broadsides in schools, health care and city and state services of every kind. 63 years after Roosevelt's speech, a new group of four millionaires came into being both as a result of America's struggles abroad and its abandonment of the struggle at home. There you go! It was worth reading and you noticed what a much better reading was? Yes, much. Pract maybe I'll read it again Monday, you can imagine how it would be. From it it's past 11 at 560 WQAM. I've said about something really good. All of Skippy is a little worried about Skippy. You know I haven't got my old image in the mail yet? Yeah. I'm getting really nervous about him because I almost, I'm almost completely dry. Only my softails are an exciting product you want to keep a lot handy because they're good for you. Only a man's softails contain the best olive oil you'll find on a planet. Not just ordinary olive oil but super concentrated, loaded with all kinds of good stuff, health benefits for you. Audio meter V8 can produce the risk of heart disease in high cholesterol, plus there are 14 different Audio-med formulas from which to choose. Each one combining pharmaceutical and olive oil with vitamins, minerals, herbal to supports specific needs from bones to blood pressure to your immune system. You have to do this, pick up the formulas that are right for what you're looking for. Now there are three new Audio-med formulas. Want to help you sleep? Want to help you control that disgusting weight and self-utent for your heart. Pick some Audio-med up today. It's all over town now. It's published, Eckridge's Walgreens, Whole Food Market, Surah O'Sanara, I was ordered online if you like it. Audio-medamerican.com. If you want more information on this sensational product, call them toll-free and 1-866-Orial-Med. That's 1-866-655-3663-Start Fiddler and Vetter right away and getting healthier with some Audio-med in your post today. Why? Why? And local. We're sports-ready, 0-560-0-8-M. No life. I have no cavity. I have no cavity. Bye-bye-bye! You son of a bitch. I have no life. I went through the salsa party. I was invited by the priest. He said, come with me. I have friends to see back in them. We're bedduring. When we got through the salsa party, there were some other priests in the book. Then he dropped his pants and said, Do you good land? Your face I wanted to stop. And I realized now. I didn't do very well. Is he going to stop? The priest couldn't get all so it had to be some sound. I want to go out and go out and go out and go out. Then the priest got the salsa party. Then I made some try again. She didn't in the lay. She took my hand and he said, That's me. He told his try to understand. He said, there's something I must remind you. Before you give it another chance. The holy man who wrote the Bible, Words were in his hands. Now I'm all right now. I can do that very well. I've hooked my pants. I can please any one of those who have hurt him. There's so many of these 11 18 at 5.60 WCM. Trotting has to rob in common. You said a bit. I've hooked my pants. Maybe you did. I've hooked my pants. I've been there done that. How about 10 of my favorites? Especially now. I'm so appropriate. The media is sick and you're so sorry. Okay. Like it. Case you tuning in. Mr. Munderwater. We're talking about our poll question today. What's your favorite expression or product you got from the New Roger show? Got it? We got it. I do like the media. In sixth and eighths. Out to Adley. And then somebody, it's a mole one. I thought they'd probably like this. If there's a butt. If there's a butt, I smell it. I think that deserves to be on there. What about Sally Fits? Yeah. Yep. I realize I'm asking for an awful lot here. And of course I have no idea what's eventually going to show how about Harry Kerry. Hey, Neil. Fuck you. Huh? Yeah. And certainly what about? Pist off. Get me fired up when I hear someone say that. Ha ha ha. And then Peter, who sent us this lengthy list is I voted for it. I'm turning man. What he says is the best. I tend to agree. I think I voted for that. Would you vote for him? Hey. But that's right. That was your choice. This story. I think we had to put it on the website. But we'll see it for tomorrow. Okay. Be number. Sure. But you already got enough for the handle. Ha ha. No. April 11th, Kuda Tau linked to US President George W. Bush Dirty Wars team. London's, this is something somebody facts in this morning from a great website. VHeadline.com. A Vener Frelan related this story. London's observer newspaper says the April 11th Kuda Tau against the democratically elected government of President Hugo Shavez, Friass has been linked to US President George W. Bush's team. Specialist in the dirty wars of the 80s encouraged the plotters who tried to top a President in Shavez, writes observable view course upon an edible eammy from New York. The observer has established that the failed coup in Venezuela, with closely tied to senior officials of the US government, they have long histories in the dirty wars of the 80s and least to death squads working in Central America at that time. Oh, this sounds like that thing about Guatemala was talking about just the evidente. See, remember that I did see it. So that will be on the website tomorrow. We got to say it all the time. But speaking anyway of that sausage party, we have played that as we got a couple other stories that were factored in, not that we're looking for these, but they seem to be popping up. These priests stories seem to be popping up all over the place if I can say that. Toledo. A Roman Catholic priest in high school religion teacher was charged with possessing child pornography, the Reven Stephen G. Rogers, no relation, 54 has been on leave since US Custom Service Investigators searched his sleeve at Toledo home in December. The single Calvus file Wednesday this week in US District Court under a legal procedure that does not require a grand jury investigation if convicted, the maximum sentence has five years in prison at a $250,000 fine, the priest did not wish to comment said as attorney. Rogers recently completed a residential therapy program and the Nazis have told they're cooperating with the investigation. He continues to be on leave until this whole issue that's filled with a W. This whole issue is resolved, the U.S. and City is not in the active ministry. Rogers subscribed to a child pornography website from December 23, 1998 to June 27, 2001. The San Desk in A to was ordained in June 1995 and previously served as an associate press, there were a close-on of in Toledo. I didn't like that, otherwise I was a per-free-sand, Prosecutors filed five more felony sex abuse charges against a former Roman Catholic priest after a former alter-born King Ford to say the clerk must have at least a 168 times before he turned 18. But you have a helper. Huh? You get that dump in the clerk? He must have been keeping track of every court or a wall of hashmarks. Yeah, that might be it. Michael Stephen Baker 55, now faces a total of 34 fellow churches. He's already scheduled to stand for a 13-count of Lou Dax upon a child under age 14 and 16-count of oral population with a minor. He must have been in that constorialization oral as moral. Baker was played in a symphony, who counts them from testimony to a preliminary hangout of the church. He said, he said, he said, he was repeatedly abused by Baker in church rectum raise. He said, he abused again when he was seven or eight years old. Baker had a time to comment Wednesday, his arrangement was postponed till May 20, so his lawyer Donald Styer can review the preliminary hearing transcript. Styer said it was unlikely a jury would be swayed by the five new charges. Okay, I just mentioned that in passing and for those who like him young and the son sentle today, two lake worth women charged with having sex parties with young boys. Oh, right. Lake Worth, an elementary school employee and a girl scout worker per month, I wonder if she was selling him cookies. Yeah, thinments. And in fact, that would be a possibility for the Jennifer Remdesirers. How about Candle beat the jater meat? Huh? I don't think? Sure. I mean, that doesn't fit this story. This story is more like one of Lolli-Toff's little boy. But I think Jennifer Remme definitely belongs on our survey today with Candle beat that jater meat. Lake Worth, an elementary school employee and a girl scout worker provided alcohol, watched adult movies and had sex with minors at parties they hosted while one woman's husband was at work authority city yesterday. Amy Duane, a data entry processor at Discovery Key Elementary School West of Lake Worth, was arrested Wednesday charged with loot acts on a child under 16 and providing alcohol to person's other age at 21. Allegations of the Escapade surface that through sheriff's officials learned that Duane 37 and far-up hosted several parties over a four month period at Duane's home. Authorities said the woman provided Bacardi Rumsmer al Vahke and beer to the boys ages 12 to 14 under the condition they abided by Amy's rule. She was concerned they wouldn't get two drum shares post and Paul Miller said of the rule. At one of their parties in March, Duane watched the paper view movie with a 13 year old, seduced him had intercourse with an official said, another time Farb had sex with a 16 year old. It's shocking. No question about him. I was said this is pretty serious very unusual. I'm not saying it hasn't happened before. Oh, no shmid. When was released from Cali Geowen's day on $15 dollars by the judge order the mother of three not have any contact with the victims and have only supervised contract with her own children? Seed and got her address her and Lake Worth shall be reassigned from her $18,000 year job a routine procedure, pending the alcohol and investigation said her principal Stephen Syll's not still Stephen got it. Guy. Farb worked in a registration capacity for the Girl Scouts authority said, need the woman supervised children in the job. None of the boys involved attended discovery official said. The Wayne's husband, the firefighter, is not suspected of tinked part in the activities. According to the investigation he wasn't aware of this. He didn't know anything I think he was at work at the time and he was just devastated. It says any a son sent him. He was devastated. 26 after 11 at 5.60 W to Q AM. Now that's kind of surprising to me. Look what's leading the Paxial Far. What's your favorite expression of product from this show over years? I thought I'd be number one but it's number two. As number one, with a pretty good cushion, 65 to 53 is. How do you like that? Aren't you sure prized? No Fag's in the church 33. It puts the lotion in the basket 31. Your gay 28. The famous Reverend Jones with the bad baseball camp. I'm dying over here 27. Madage key change 23. Dorado doi 22. I'm getting better with that. Reck of 19. O. A. 18. Eisner 17. That's the American effinway 15. Fish school 13. Unbelievable. Mine and a-h-h is only got a church. That's your story. So my god. Well, that doesn't necessarily mean anything. It's probably only eight people laid it, you know, to find this first rotten town in one hour. Well, thousands of eight McDonald's. Look at his that way. All right. It's called rationalizing. 1127 at 560 WQM. The Panthers and the heat are well done for the season. Stick a folk in them and so it's college basketball and it opens. It started for another three months in spite of all the football talk here on his station. But there is some action going on every night and every day. Seven days a week. You have some. I'm casting a pump at a park and three nights a week. Every Wednesday Friday like tonight in Saturday. You have live harness racing outstanding first race post time 715 PM. Free general parking and free admission as well. What's not to like? Come up to Pompano Park and you're the thrill of a night of great horse racing action and don't forget since we were talking to Dave Johnson just only moments ago that tomorrow's the Kentucky Dury and Pompano Park as they do every year will feature some casting of the run for the roses. The hundred and twenty nine Kentucky Dury plunged your guts out on what was that horse Indian Express? Mr. Think absolutely. I'm facting far where you have the Pompano Park tonight because early bird wagering starts at one o'clock this afternoon you can watch wagering join the crowds tomorrow for the Kentucky Dury from Churchill Bounds at Pompano Park but let me say again you can advance wagering early bird wagering on the Derby Sternian one the staff tune at Pompano Park so right after the show you can drive on up there with Vener Boy. Okay but a few sent on it. Don't forget there every Wednesday at Pompano Park is dollar night for Drap your hot dog so does and more and like I said every day seven days a week. You got cymbal casting at harness racing high live throw but racing for all over North America from noon till the wee hours of the morning. Pompano Park don't forget to live racing card 715 price top 515 powerful I got an idea about a top of getting right there and I don't need a rating that's a minor safe. Don't care what you do longer than the sun does. If you gotta wait a little harder on the guest you've lost. A rooster cuts the gold. And a lot of that produces you know. That's right. Watch it back. You won't wait for gold no more. No more. That's your back. That's your back. You won't wait for gold no more. Oh, brother, all that blah blah. I don't understand. Are you gonna be from a truss while you're involved in it? That's what you mean. A rating's worth. You just like Clinton is all your fault. But it's straight near flat ass out. That's what we'll think about out of you. That's right. Watch it back. That's what you won't wait for. No more gold no more. No more. That's your back. That's your back. You won't wait for gold no more. This is what we say. Back. That who it was you got at that time? Not. There. There you go. Not a 30 to a. attention. This is pretty interesting. From Swiss info, bottom off. Or rum stone, the US secretary Defense was on the board of technology giant ABB, where one of the others reply North Korea would tune up their power plants. SANA website today to store it won't read the whole thing. Weapons experts say waste material from the two reactors could be used for so-called dirty bombs. The Swiss-based ABB on Friday told Swiss info that Rumsfeld was involved with the company early 2000 when an ended a $200 million contract with Pyongyang. The ABB contract was to deliver equivalent services for two nuclear power stations at Kumho, and North Korea's East Coast. Rumsfeld is one of the Bush administration's most stride in the hardliners on North Korea. Was a member of ABB's board between 1990 and February 2001 when he left to take up his current post. Wolfram Aberhardt, a spokesman for ABB, told Swiss info that Rumsfeld was at nearly all the board meetings during his decade-long involvement with the company. However, he declined to indicate whether Rumsfeld was made aware of the nuclear contract with North Korea. This is a good question, but I couldn't comment on that because we never disclosed the protocols of the board meetings ever heard said, maybe this was a discussion point of the board, maybe not. Maybe and maybe not. Huh. Just like maybe dictated, nobody had an all-em deals with Sodam in Iraq, with that butcher of Baghdad. I just mentioned it in passing, and also oil firms work for terrorist sponsors, which challenge giving contracts to Haliburton question. Oil giant Haliburton, and their work in countries considered sponsors of terrorism came under fire Wednesday from California representative to Baltid Henry Waxman, who questioned whether the company should receive look at their government contracts, and later to defense secretary Donald Hermongrring Rumsfeld Waxman said, Haliburton companies of city-ears and joint ventures had dubbed business in Iran, Iraq, and Libya in spite of U.S. sanctions against those countries. It appears that the company is performed in apparently continuing to perform, work for state sponsors of terrorism is being given a prominent role in the administration's war and terrorism Waxman wrote. Waxman's letter did not directly accuse Haliburton of bring law instead of Waxman, asked Rumsfeld whether the White House had examined the legality of Haliburton's work in Iraq, Iran, and Libya. He also asked whether the administration plans to do so before awarding Haliburton any more contracts. And you can read the rest of that story on our website today too. I just mentioned these things in passing, okay? That's what we want to get to heavy duty, do we? Yeah, sure. Sure we do. Because I hate to break the news to you Virginia, but life ain't just one long-earning pep rally, okay? Give the pompoms a rest. Here's a good facts from Jason. This is a voted for about 30, but it looks a man. It's one's off. For example, and I'll pass him by. I mean, the list is getting a little bit long, you know? A little bit. Is it? It's long. Well, they're the fact he also even Jason didn't put this. Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. Yeah, we've got a million men, it's got some gold. I want a banging in the butt, honey. And then Jason like, oh my god, you're breath, they're beautiful. But I'll leave that to you in the inner boy, okay? Just stand up. That's not even my favorite. What's your favorite? If I'm going to suck on something, it's not going to be an oyster. What about? Who's going to give Ricky a vote? Yeah, there's so many, you know? Well, we got the managed keychain, even though it most of these were not. You know something, let me say this to you. How about managed keychain part two if we can't get the most of who you can't get permission from his highness? That's a good plan, D. I think that's the next one to plan A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. But if we can't get that, we've always got the mad dog. Did he chuck it or did he cock it? See what I'm saying. Here's an excellent thanks from Joe, a real butlkin, one which I always like a little butlkin. While on my adventures across the end of this, it also pisses me off, you write this as soon? Yeah. While on my adventures across the west, I had many occasions to listen to XM radio, satellite radio. I heard such people as Sunny Fox, they've great line, fill Henry, and host of others. Are you sure? I've heard the love doctors from WZCR, they put on a good show by the way they seem to be lacking for callers, either they also have to be fans of yours. But why aren't you on it? XM questioned Joe? You have more talent than the lot of them combined, it says you'd be a sensation on XM, per hat and here I even underlined this, because it just pisses me off. Perhaps you need more aggressive representation. Yeah, maybe if I had an agent, a real lawyer who was more interested in like really to get me where I should be, making me a contender, instead of like a word about his damn, how much weed he's going to smoke at about his house for boys and all that crap. I think he ought to be worried about that, but he's not, he's not going to change. I can read for him, I thought about a contender, instead of I'm pretending to. That's right, never going to be a contender, and I would normally count at the home. And by the way, normal cancer, the same number is Bill O'Riley in the South Florida market a big zero. It says fire that stiffy, I've now and hired yourself a real bulldog and get these things done. So as you may be interested, know that on radio and records, com is an interesting article about arbitrom. Sure, we already know this, they've been doing this for years. It says they're getting minorities more money and incentives than whites to fill out their diaries. Reverse discrimination, question mark, you'll be the judge if you get, but we already know about that, they've been doing that for years. And the reason being, they say that, you know, they have a more difficult time in getting sufficient minority representation. So as a result, they have to have a greater incentive. So instead of two bucks, they're like five or I don't know how much you'd read. How much you think it's up to now? Well, whatever they're given. So they get a much greater return on the ethnic diaries than you do on the cracker diaries. Remember that movie to crack your diaries? Why? Sounds like good title though. Let's make it. Here's an excellent column. You don't want to dig read all the way to want to clock. It's only 1138. Kind of seems like I've been here forever. I've got a couple of more bedtime stories. I definitely know squeeze in here. I get to them. What's your favorite expression or product you got from the new Rogers show? Absolutely correct. Sir is got 71. About 353. No 5. And the third 37 puts a lowest in the basket 36. Your gay 32 and I'm dying over here. You know how many that's got? I'm 30 man. All right. W to Q a M hello. Yes sir. Yeah, I'm trying to call for doing half hour. I got something that I got my whole family saying. I'm not sure if you like it, but we love it. And it's open wide for chunky. You can say if you're two year old when you're trying to get them to eat this drain carrots, you can say it's the white one. He's about to take care of a doody's man. Oh, right. Why for chunky? I hear father or tool like to say that too is what I'm here. But okay. Thanks a lot, Pally. Thank you. Open wide for Chuck. You went up on that on there, but I didn't I mentioned that. I think I mentioned yesterday. I forgot. I mean, it was not me here. 5 6 7. No 5 60. 5 5 60 on the 18th and Verizon Wireless Live. My life and low. This is for 20. 5 60. What's the new way? Friend. Good very very. Yes. Yes. Yes. I like it when the guy stopped by for a hunger. See you remember. When you got that hunger, new kids on the block really has no sonny's who's had no hurt. I am the fifth of why from the guy stopped by for a hunger for a hunger. I like guys who started only one is. It's such a good day to go with. Because they kids along from my hunger from my hunger. Big one daddy stickin' in my hand. I gave you a hunger and it all began. You had the biggest one that I ever did to see. It felt the floor when you tried to be. When you earned it, I can't help but more. But it's so big that you just had the floor. You wet my wits and look at big thing, baby. I played down my throat, man. It's as big crazy. Now I think about you and it makes me sad. You went away and never came back. I gave you a hunger and you went back home. But now I can't get much of the size of your home. I still keep in love when you gave me a beat. Now I'm a little bit like Alan B.K. I'm a man too. I knew that you would fit. It really doesn't matter. The size of your stick. New kids along the block really has a lot of time. I need to have no f***ing time. I am just a fly to the sky. Stop by for a hummer for a hummer. 144 or 562 W. I should have asked Dave how come the hummer isn't going to be on today. Speaking of him. I guess he's too busy punching his guts out at the church he'll down. Probably. That's a good reason. I'll be on following the mad dog. Mad dog will be on one to three. Eddie K. from Vegas 3-7 on your gambling on your GA station. Let's just change the colors from WQM to WGA. Gambrows anonymous. Okay. Josh Friedman 7 o'clock for the a fat half hour. 730 got Marlins on Dreck. Marlins at the Astros at 05. And in the beast after the abasable game till 2 in a morning. He has been ready overnight. The beast. The anxious one. The man with a death wish. 560 pound 560 on a AT&T. Oh the reason I played that. Be afraid. Be very afraid. That's dropping. I want to dedicate that to Miguel and George Corso. Because when I come back, number one I'm not going to give you any advance. One number two I'm going to run around the halls and breathe on everybody. Be afraid. Be very afraid. I mean that thing I still can't get over it. It's so stupid. Just like I'm trying to remember which paper was in so I could click out of it here. I think it was in a son's sentinel. Or I'm not was not in a son's sentinel was in the aglob I believe. About some young girl who came with her family to Toronto. And now it's a suspected sars case. He got a call the sore throat and a cough and now. What's that sars? The family was in Toronto. Is she in a hospital? Is she like that? Is anybody else got it? No. So let me just say this to anybody that comes up here. We want your money, but at least it is now making phenomenal deals to let, you know, entice people to come back after they'd put you to reputation of this city. But don't get it cold. Don't get a sniffle. Don't cough on a plane. Don't look at anybody cross side. Don't get a scratchy throat. Because right away. He'll be sars. Just stop and think about what kind of the endothal assholes you're dealing with in that building. And this was in a meeting. Probably had to put them in apartment head meetings. When you think? I have no idea. Or something like that. Because I know muff was in on it. That's what I'm hearing through the grapevine. Not that we want to get muffled in any trouble. But he's got a solid position out in here. No. He's got a real strong contract. You don't have to worry about things like that. WQAM. Hello. QAM. He died. My phone is ringing. What that means? That means my office applies it downstairs. Another setting? I don't have to go get him. Although it'd be interesting. No. I'm not going to do that. See, I make the call a one day. The next day I got me another case of fast paper. I got me a couple of extra toner cartridges. So we don't have the problem like you got. We have to beg and plead with your was only to come by because the station is too cheap to give a surprise that we need. It's really great. Like like it's like my own little real radio station. He was supposed to QAM. But what is? Yes. I heard Mark Morgan on the TV this morning. You're Mark Morgan on TV. Right? He didn't do that. Really? Really? He didn't do the spazooting. I wonder if I still have that on there. That's traffic and weather. I'm Mark Morgan on sports radio 560. QAM. He didn't do that? No. No. No. Like a normal person. Like a normal person. Like a real traffic and weather guy. That's what I'm supposed to do. That's traffic. I'm spasily Mark Morgan on QAM. You know, it's just what is it to say? What does it to say? I see if we had any real management. Wouldn't you think that one of our people since we've had about 50 PDs and off-smanagers and all these intermediate paper pushes running around? Wouldn't you think somebody would say, hey Mark, you know, if you want to keep doing the traffic on the station, tone it down a little bit. Okay. That's about the problem. It's embarrassing. Boy, you've been out of here a long time. And I'm curious how come that Mo who was so upset with a beast being on professional, what could be more on professional when I just played there, huh? QAM. You know who else used to do that? Who? The big. Oh, remember that one he used to do updates? No. He had the a similar kind of a spastic way of doing that again. Can I make a nice get for the pull? And then the beast started doing that. Remember that? I am the beast. Well, anyway, that's not talk about the beast because he's a overgrown child. He's just a big chubby child. Go ahead. Buh-uh. Yes, say a bit about right. Buh-uh. Buh-uh. Hey, I don't know how to spell that. Yes, you're. You're suggesting his duly note. And Eric says, quit already. Okay, I got 50,000 choices on here. It's going over pretty good though. We got 504 votes. It's not even noon yet. Not even noon yet. Absolutely. I don't think they're going to catch absolutely correct. I'm going to play that more. Absolutely correct. Absolutely correct. Absolutely correct. Absolutely. Absolutely correct. Yeah, okay, we might do a whole day at that in Monday. All right. What do you say? I love that on Tuesday. I got this thing down to a science now. Tuesday, your favorite fart. Number three. Number four. I like one that sounds like a rim shot. I think that's number seven. Yeah. Buh-uh, all right. Now what kind of rim show are you talking? I know you're basketball fan. Oh yeah, hoops. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, six, six, five, six, six on the AT&T line. Don't forget that we ever find out why there was no Joe and Marks Show last night. Nope. See what I mean? And I'm not going to get upset about it because I'm looking forward to lunch. There's nothing I can do about it. They just don't want to tell us nothing that's going on. We're just going to go to the dark. So we'll find out for right now that anybody cares. You know, so I'll call as we have since you. Where the hell was that Joe and Marks Show last night? No, no. We're up all night waiting for that thing to come on. And the show too. Howl of fame. Anyway, Joe's off on his honeymoon is with you. Can you mark Eisenberg of the Joe and Marks Show and noon to two. Any minute and not he'll be doing his thing. No to two of these singular wireless off the palm at 157th Avenue. Staff item when prizes and registered when trip for two of the major league baseball all star game in Chicago this summer. And a Marlon scabbox party at the pros and pretty damn good prizes. Howl of the sea right to get that. Don't know. When every time you guys go out you get squat you get cramp. But to dilly squat that nobody would take if you're going to $50 bill in the envelope. But you might try that. WQAM hello. Hello. Yes sir. Good. I agree with you about they told about oil and big contracts and big cooperation running this country. Forget about democracy. I got three or three expressions about how to destroy triangle on the boy or girl. Okay. And mama LaPinga. And they can't bump above. Okay. What is was last one big one? I think he was a. I think he was a. I think he was a one dimensional. I think it's the first I'm looking for. You call that a penis. Yeah. She might put that on there or not. I'm going to put a. But I got one who will want to go. I'll pull you. He's choking at baby. It's gagging over there. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT and T and Verizon. Marvel's line. Of course. Once that's Brian Andrew is our former colleague. I'm. Because he's there from our colleague. I was just a choking chicken. And that was his. He's a. He's rendering. He's rendering is Brian. By the way, I'm still. I'm interested. WQAM. Hello. Mr. OK. That was I you're looking for. But as a snitch. Something. Yeah. The smoking gun. That's right. And I got the. I got a couple for you. I got your. The secret. Great. What is it? Great. You. Oh, okay. And about. Yeah. Yeah. So the. The. Can we. Okay. Thank you. I. See. There's a. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. And you know, there's a certain rhythm of those to you know, yeah, and they do need to be on their both of them. They're on their. Are they really well there better be now since we put Greg on there. We don't want to let Muff. Feel left out. How about. Good. This instant. You know, like that. Sure. Good friend Ken. Oh, look at this. Does it we're publicancyocracy by Ellen Goodman in the Boston low. See, how the way this stuff all seems to come back to Boston even at a little girl that had a cold here to sniffle. Oh, she's got stars. They were Toronto. I'm so nauseous from that. Ellen Goodman says as a certified flat watcher. I look back on a Rick Santorum controversy as the. Comerant of its species. See in the very first sentences got words that we're looking up to. We're. Yeah, the big bird. Oh. It took an enormous amount of energy to achieve a modest lift off and then it flopped unshermoniously back in the political ocean. The flagping began after the Pennsylvania senator offered his comments on the Texas. The way the brickway Mormon sect protested he was punishing polygamous. Meanwhile, the White House kept its lips. Except to say that the senator often described as the original compassionate conservative was an inclusive man. When the air calm, many wondered why nostalgia for segregation had taken down the number one Republican senator to trend a lot. While gay trashing, it less than number three were public and unharmed. But all in all, this was less a flap about homosexuality than about theocracy. San Torm up in another probably ongoing interseeing battle based struggle between what maybe described as the she-out and suly wings that a Republican party, or if you prefer between Taliban Republicans and suburban Republicans. Let's go back to our friend Rick Santorum. Last year, he told a Catholic newspaper that JFK's vow to separate his faith from politics was wrong and is caused much harm in America. Judy Brown of the American Life League, said approvingly, Senator Santorum is a very good example of the Catholic who practices his faith 24 hours a day. He has lived at home on a ghost of the office. This may have a nice holistic green to it, until you remember that this government was found on a separation church in state. And the line has gotten increasingly fuzzy under Bush II. It's not just prayer meetings in the Attorney General's office, it's not just at the insolent education and the rather hebristic assertion that God is on our side in battle. It's on a home front too. A couple of weeks ago there was a flat that the name reached the Santorum altitude. In an article that I Baptist paper titled America's Education Evangelist, Rod Pades, the Secretary of Public Education, expressed his preference for college education. All things being equal I would prefer to have a child in the school where there's a strong appreciation for values, the kind of values that I think are associated with the Christian communities. Nobody said that those who disagree with him, I would offer them my prayers, he said. I know this is what's called playing to the base, but the base is awfully basic, even on fundamentalist. Remember what Jerry Falwell said after 9.11? I really believe that the pagans and the abortionists and the feminist and the gays and lesbians, all of them who tried to secularize America, I point to figuring their face and say, you helped this happen, ped Robertson not in his head and agreement. Now, fast-warded list of people have nominated to the theocracy of excuse me the judiciary, among those who are demperilatively moderate his bill prior, Cornell of Amaternity General, nominated the US Court of Appeals for the 11 circuit. The entire not only worked with Robertson to defend student-led prayer in school, he also defended the judge who displayed the 10 commandments in his courthouse. At a public rally he said, God has chosen through a son Jesus Christ this time in this place for all Christians to save our country and save our courts. The same prior wrote in Anamika's brief in Texas, in the Sodomy case that might have indicated by San Term, except for prior's belief that protecting homosexuals would also protect neck or files. How's the hushback in order to name to it? The Taliban are the suburban, and the Republican Party is patched together a coalition of those who want to keep the government out of your pocket, and those who want to put the government in your bedroom. But these theocracy is giving them more trouble than the Democrats. What do you say about a law that lets police break into an apartment in a restaurant for having sex with a wrong person, Tally Ho, Taliban? Before they sent to our flat when flat it runs rubbed some of the compassion-up of conservative, Memo to Rick, a swing voter is not a swinger, Memo to the White House, what happens at the privacy of a home may show up in the privacy of the polling booth? Fighters, local faces, five, six, three, and all yours. I am happy to win! I am fra, Illiano, Rosaladen, and I like rubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels, and listening to the new Roke, a monster hour. Take care! A very popular, disperringed, right through my role. Yeah! For support for support, you sent my entire family up and by. You've been playing this play, me, I don't know which way to go. The strong and the far-backing popper, thanks for the great, rich, just like the popper. To land up the flag of the skies, burn your mouth. Just the punch of punch of burning mud. Oh, go on, it's five, six, did I, but he can never say it right between Illiano and Afid. I like that. Who served in the military from the website, awalbush.com? It's not our website today, we certainly don't have time to go down a whole list, but it is interesting looking at the prominent Democrats, and the prominent Republicans, and to see their distinguished service to their country. For example, prominent Republicans speak for the host any hashtor, devoted to Drakton Sir, former House Majority Leader Dick Army, a vote of the Drakton Sir, House Majority Leader Tom Delay, a vote of the Drakton Sir. He said so many minority youths had volunteered, that there was literally no room for patriotic folks like myself. Oh, my hemorrhage twitch, when I read that. House Majority with bright blunt did not serve, said a majority leader Bill Frist did not serve. Former Senate Majority Leader Trent Laudaj, a vote of the Drakton Sir, but sure, a way to mean pompom, to make he's not around, either we got these, up, cheer of these, a pepperally's going all in time? I mean he's still in the Senate, but he's not the cheerleading at the top. Secretary of Defense Don Rumsfeld served in the US Navy 54 to 47 as an aviator and flight instructor, served as Reagan Special envoy to the Middle East and met with Saddam Hussein twice, Navy 284. George W. Bush decided that a six-year National Guard commitment really meant four years, still says that he's been the war, huh? It says, question mark. Vice President Cheney servaled a firm in Stolast by marriage and his own words had other priorities than military service. Ah, did you ever hear that as an excuse? Sure, I'm busy. Yeah, I got other priorities. I got another fish to fry. Get lost. Attorney General John Ascroft did not serve, sought to firm into teach business, said it's not was Missouri State. Jeeb Bush Governor Florida did not serve. Oh, always signs a mean building, increased those local phone bills, what will we get to that? Carl Roe avoided the Drakton and served to busy being Republican, says. Former Speaker Newt Gingrich avoided the Drakton Sir? Former President Reagan due to poor eyesight served in a non-combat role, making movies for the Army in Southern California during WWII. He later seems to have confused his role as an actor playing a tail gunner for the real thing. V1 Bob Dornin, avoided Korean work combat duty by the rolling college acting classes, and listed only after the fighting was over in Korea. Phil Graham, avoided the Drakton, not served, had four student deferments. And then, listen, Republicans who did serve distinguished Senator John McCain, silver star, bronze star, Lee's in a merit purple heart, distinguished flying cross, and then it says, why did the Bush campaign swear, smear him so badly? Former Senator Bob Dool, an honorable man who served, and thank you be happy to sign an autograph. Chuck Hagle, two purple hearts in a bronze star, for me and none, and then it's got the prominent Democrats, and listed, and amazingly, most of them represent the Kibharts served as company uniform 65-71. David Bonier served as company uniform 68-72. Senator Tom Dashle served as company uniform 69-72. Bob Keri, Medal of Honor, Vietnam, Daniel Inuit, Medal of Honor World War II. John Keri, silver star, bronze star, would combat, and three awards of the purple heart for a service in combat. Charles Wrangled, bronze star, Korea, and that goes on and on and on. It's, and this is listed as the full chicken-hawk database. I understand whether their expression came from. I like, of course, what it used to be. Right. 560-70560, pound-560 on the AT&T and Verizon-Marvel Slant, Governor Bush sent Bill that could lead to the record-rate increases for local phone service. Legislation that could lead to record-rate increases for local telephone service was passed there, and the government said, oh, right. Governor Huvee, Toto, now do we have an updated store on this sub-beenable, because I put this on the website. I'd hate to put on something that was updated that would be embarrassing, wouldn't it? As far as I know, no. Well, I'll look. I'll look as to put on that updated store would be a no-no. You know? No. Well, kill some time for a second, okay? I'll go to the Sun several times, okay? That's enough. The Governor Huvee, Toto, similar legislation just a year ago, six months before his reelected in his already indicated he would sign the new version, because it gives more 30 to the PSC to control rates. The House passed the measure 93 to 20 to Florida House. The Senate approved the Bill Wednesday, 27 to 12. Consumer groups, including the AARP and Florida Legal Services have opposed the bill containing it doesn't guarantee increased competition, number of increased rates for those who can lease to afford it, such as poor and elderly people who are not willing to be able to afford it. And I think that's the only way to do long-distance calls. How do you like that? Now, it still, this is, it looks to me like the same still story. Florida telephone cretimation prepared to open their wallets, legislators on Thursday gave final approval of the biggest local film rating increase in the state's history and set the measure to the Governor Huvee's expected to sign it. I was thinking maybe there might be an update on it, but that's the update on the Sun's Sun, okay? He'll sign it, because he's not running pre-election right now. Although I understand he got some TV's plans. 560, 5060, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line, WDQA and hello. Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. You must dial? Now, he missed dial, I'm sorry. How is that possibly missed out, do you believe that? Oh, now he panic, went into a total panic, Chuck. Who was it? He choked. He choked? 560, 5060, pound 560 on the AT&T line, WDQA and hello. Hi, I'd like to speak with Neil, please. Speaking. Hi, Neil. I'm one of your daily listeners. I called in several months ago, and I just wanted to say last night, I don't know how you felt, but when I watched the President get out of it. I didn't watch it. I don't watch it. I don't watch it. I don't watch it. I haven't heard second of it. And I have to say that I refused to, but when he got off that plane, and that uniform holding that helmet, and you know, here he was, a WOL, and then... I see he's trying to make up for that time that he disappeared by way of WOL. Exactly. Well, they say this is all going to be for the political convention, but I just want to let you know that I have read every book that you have recommended from stupid white men to the hunting of the President for Bidding Truth. And last night, I have been so disheartened with the journalist, but in Tom Brokehouse, especially, but last night, he showed Colin Powell sitting there pointing out the five things that they had against some of his things, and then today, as of last night, none of those things that he presented in front of the UN nothing has been presented. So maybe the journalist are coming around, because I think America is waiting for you. No, I don't take so. I don't think so. I hope you're right, but I don't see that at all. Every time I even, because I try to avoid CNN and MSNBC, we don't have Fox here. Thank goodness. Can I try to avoid watching it all, because it gets me so depressed. But every time I do go by the channels, all I see is another puff piece and more flag waving and more patriotic rallies and more isn't as wonderful. Here's another ceremony on a White House lawn. And all I hear is a bunch of so-called journalists just suck it up and endorsing all of it. But the thing is, that's true, but the American people have to begin to see through this. We've got 44 million Americans unemployed. We have 20 something million without helping insurance. Oh, no, I've got bad news for you. What? Scott Peterson's new attorney with a big mustache. Mark Garagos, the professional talking head on Larry King, with a big mustache. Right? He's going to be Scott Peterson's new attorney. I'm sorry, go ahead. Oh, they're gone. I'll just turn on CNN to see what they were showing right now. I said, again, I said, Americans, you can wave all those flags and you do this in that, but when you don't have jobs and you don't have to help insurance, as goes are closing and betterings aren't getting benefits. We cannot be that stupid. I mean, they want to put on the feed. You want to bet? I've been anyway. You just keep it up because you were the one. My husband, you know, told me three years ago, he said, listen to this man. He's ahead of his time. And because you're the problem, I had to, that's why I'm in Canada because at least up here and we're on the same note that we're on the same year anyway. Yeah, we'll keep it up and thank you. How are you feeling? I'm really good. Good. Thanks, all. Have a great weekend. By the way, go back to this list of the chicken offs. Yeah. Interesting one night left out, but I shouldn't gloss over colon pal. Yes. What are we to make of pal? It says on the one hand, a long career as a military manager on the other hand, accused of covering up the meal I'm massacre and Vietnam. Back on that first hand, one of the seemingly same voices in this administration when it comes to Iraq, or at least he used to be, on the other hand, a clear hypocrite. I'm angry that so many sons of the powerful and well-placed managed to wangle spots and reserve national guard units, he said. Oops. And these are the same people he's working for and with and around and about. He's become one of them. Oh, there's the president. There he goes. On rookies to Silicon Valley for economic speech. I know if I listen, I'm long enough. What do you want to do? There's well, bloodscreegan, other asslicker. And of course, what's his name? Lou Dobbs. Oh my god. I think Lou is going to have the a hair down over the forehead and the mustache tonight. The airfield, the air Santa Clara, California, the black place aboard the aircraft. See, you know what they're so stupid, what they don't understand. It's because of the success of Fox, they think that, see, like I told you before, it's like, where's Limba? Right. Where's Limba? There, you got his big numbers, his great success. And then, Bill O'Raleigh comes on a radio on a national network and a year later, he's got zilch. Because where's Limba? Scott, all those ditto heads. And the same with Fox news, the ditto heads are going to turn over to CNN no matter how right we may become. They're not going to turn over to MSNBC. No matter how many Joe Scarboroughers or Michael Savage, they put on a year. Follow what I'm saying? Yeah. So they're just shooting themselves in the feet. That's all they're doing. Well, they're driving the opportunity for a little bit of choice on the airways, which is what I'm here. And I want the news. I'm tuned into CDCA. The athletes are concerned that this is not a concern. 85% of the venues for the athlete. Much in some real freaking news is opposed to this propaganda and cheerleading and a bunch of assholes who used to be journalists and suits with pom-pom. Kind of a bearer signal. When you turn on the network news and I'll stand or I like to let there be an AF football game. 560-70560, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. Don't let me forget. I want to do this other one story. Don't forget your late times. Medium and apolees have muscled the scent because she had this last call or she inspired me to read it. Don't let me forget. Okay. Don't forget. Okay. If you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue any barbecue accessory, don't forget. You've got to go to a great store called Barbecue's Glor. Get yourself a head start on the barbecue in season with a perfect grill accessories. All of the Guadanteed Lois prices. Barbecue's Glor carries barbecue's in every price range from the top-ed line commercial great stimulus deal grill to the more portable Weber charcoal grill. Their popular three burner cook on is got a generous a big 625 square inch cooking area. And 42,000 BTUs all for one great low price. You can get it on a hard woodest deal and close grill cart for just 399 bucks or upgrade to the sleek black pedestal base for just 439 bucks. For all your barbecue needs at the guaranteed lowest prices on a face of the globe don't forget. Shop Barbecue's Glor there in Plantation. A new diversity drive that's in the fountain shopping center called 9504. 4234-400. They also have location in cruel springs. 7485 West Sample Road run to the corner sample in Rock Island The road is called 954-75766. Don't forget for the biggest likes to Barbecue's in the country at unbeatable everyday low prices its rubber cues galore. We're sports radio five six four two a.m. F***! F***! F***! F***! F***! F***! F***! F***! F***! Yeah, I'm pretending to be well alright. Oh, the harpern! Don't forget for the Big Dipper don't forget for the big par. Mor jeevere caf, A de Mcee. Don't forget for the Big Dipper de Mcee. Yeah, Commander P Tirbitt's Sad story. Don't forget for the Big Dipper de Mcee The First Big Dipper de S inspire women to save their lives...ugar and sausages Mm yeah terre inner the Come on, here you want this Come on, come on, let's run and stupid me Come on, come on, come on, let's run and rich kid Come on, come on, let's live in Come on, let me, please present in the Yeah, don't care what it's up You got a meal by the firm broad So a Christian, oh, I know what it's up You and I, but have some fear We've got a great leader here There's with friends that end up Don't be knocking on the nut in the night Here he's with geniuses The right cue of a book I'm dirty man That's what I'm hearing Good, the fashion dentist in Fero Who says Chevron Texture, we're part of the first quarter earnings yesterday of triple What they were previously, they credit higher gas prices But if they just call it what it is, price gouging That's the real good correct Between the world companies and defense contractors The contractors, etc The rack is just the Bush administration's version of government cheese Right, I'm target dentist And they made all these gigantic prices of all these profits of higher gas prices The, the... You know, Mo is right about one thing Okay? Because it's become the by-word for business in America Gang rate is fun Right, it must be fun to use them Because they just never stop Yes, it's a riot It's a panic Here's the circle in the LA Times by Ian Masters Yesterday's LA Times Media monopolies have muzzle descent It's on our website today If information is the oxygen of democracy, the United States has just been gasped Not by weapons of mass destruction, but by a weapon of mass destruction With George W. Bush basking glorious ratings and Fox news timing in the ratings We may be moving toward a coronation instead of a re-election in 2004 It was, after all, Rupert Murdoch's U-letter announcement Of Bush's the winner in the early hours of the morning after the Undecided 2000 election They're led out toward a foolishly concede Because he and the other networks believed what they saw on Fox television Now the marriage between a government and its volunteer information ministry has been Consequently, by the blessed victory of Operation Iraqi Freedom, the geopolitical equivalent of an O.J. Meets Joe Mildin Airwrap in the flag Tolotary and regime don't tolerate indestation between journalism and propaganda But, in most democracies, it's unprecedented for the free press to abandon Joseph Pilotser For the methods of Joseph Gurbals How did it born again family values of administration Get a bed with a perver of misogyny and mayhem Trash and titillation The common thread for all the public party has to be the late Lee Atwater who was spread mentor and role model to George W. Carl Roeve and Roger Ailes The headhound in the Fox pound of junkyard attack dog journalism This under-procredit confluence of politics and propaganda has long been in the making As a corporate meat as corporate media have been increasing the empowered By a public influence input and interest have been eliminated The transformation of active citizens into passive consumers And able by the FCC under Ronald Reagan's Mark Fowler Who declared the perceptive broadcasts as community trustees Should be replaced by a view of broadcasts as marketplace participants Welcome to America Mr. Murdoch, you can buy the airwaves and who knows some day Depresidency TV's Fox could not get away with the shameless Shilling for the White House if the fairness doctrine were still in place And radio's clear channel monopoly would not be able to impose While the wall limb by hand of the envisage on the public broadcasts were accountable to public opinion Rather than a dictates of a plutocrats How could it be in the land of the free and the home of the brave Americans or afraid of opinions Where are the Tom Pains, the Mark Twains, the Minkens, the Ottobiles The set is not gone away it's just been marginalized by monopolies And motivated to the interest ceases of the internet Exactly What we always better have one But the hammer is about to drop on the internet too The head of the FCC Michael Powell wants to give away what's left of the store To the broadband cable and satellite providers and make them the gatekeepers Or toll boots on the information highway It used to be that the internet was accessed by a common carrier The phone company but as to found he's moved forward These new unregulated media monopolies have increasing control over the information pipeline Without regulation they have the ability to choose what content they provide Two FCC commissioners wanted to lay this hand over and encourage public debate But the public is largely unaware of what's at stake Obviously you can't expect to limboz or rallies near bosses or their president The White House to give them talking points of preserving diversity of opinion While there's still a task at the cell So speak up America's your country, your air waves Maybe you can pursue the American dream while you're asleep But it will be too late to reclaim your country's freedom when you wake up Ian Masters, host of background briefing on KPFKF and Los Angeles We're about target baby And today is May the second year with that means don't you have 30 days from today one month from today Yeah, June the Tuesday market on a calendar That's today that the FCC will put the final nail in the coffin of radio Little be it will be done Bad done As Mickey would say To his post personal friend Eyesner 560560 pound 560 my right So he's just one of the other's used to play that WQAM hello Yeah, I wanted to speak to Neil about the call Speaking I need all How you doing? I wanted to put one in about I have paley Oh, excellent I'm surprised that one is an on-marre Well that's because George you got it and his I don't have it my thing here You got it George? I'm sneezing He's got it Okay great Have a great day You two thanks I'm like I'm like I'm like a patty Sorry Oh, so shrill And then you'll allow every morning from his hospital bed He feels compelled to call a beater boy in there Don't tell me when he calls again anymore would you please If you think about getting paid again at any time in the future He has a bus Don't tell me he's on a phone And don't discuss with him about beds About anything just forget that he knows me, okay? In fact if he should call say oh Neil died of SARS in Toronto Yeah, that would be a good line WCWM hello Yes sir I got a couple favorite ones Okay I don't know what it is but it's moving Right, and then we put that on there Yes, it's on there I'm sorry How about a systematic astronaut Jesus Oh, excellent She has a lot of more emotion than father or tool Exactly Okay, thanks I'll also Johnny Doc and asshole Yes, oh you mean a bit okay Mr. Mary Catherine Jesus That's good I mean you like I said you can put it on or not as the case story Johnny Doc Like I said Like I said We like Johnny Doc Who's a good guy? Just don't come around anymore when I'm married Johnny Remember that? Yeah That was cookies That was special Well, I mean you know he came by the one day And he's a good guy and I remember I turned him on to go to Europe And after he got screwed over by cost broadcasting And they fired his ass off the coast and they paid him off to go away And he said you think I should go to Europe I'm my whole life I've never been there And so I encourage him to go I'm never ran into an Amsterdam But nevertheless when he got back He gave me to run down He loved it He had the time of his life Thank me for a few sleep And so it came in that one day And we fed him we had pony tail or somebody bringing some lunch And we fed him But you know Johnny is a good guy but he's an FM guy He's a it's 82 along the coast Yeah, he's not enough of the say Yeah And he did not know anything He's a tiny dark And then you know and he killed some time and I really do mean killed it And he was like the suck it up to be the sidekick Because he was out of work at that time I hope he's doing well I like Johnny And in spite of the almost trip to what was that cowboy place he's staying out of He died Dude eyes Dude eyes And in fact you look at Johnny kind of like dude Dude ah, dude These have been guy But then one day somebody came I was at freaky Carlos from our friend Yeah, maybe you just got the message on the phone Johnny dark is out here wants to come in and see me on the middle of the show This was a couple months later Like I was gonna have him in there again to put the items into a coma Ah, don't say Johnny You're a good guy We'd be happy to feed you But don't go away man Just go away Absolutely correct your 78 votes In fact, it just changed it again That's class 78 votes 63 votes for But third man Put the lowest in the basket 43 No fags in the church 41 Dian over here 37 Your gay 37 Doi doi doi doi doi doi 30 How many seconds? About third man Eyes their 27 Man is keychain 26 Boy Boy 22 Nobody says that quite like Mitch Lewis Because he's a certain enthusiad that one of what she says it And he really captures the ambiance, the essence of South Florida And exactly what it is when he says Boy And also Back to him That's the American African ways got 20 Wreck them How do you like that? Back to Mike again has 20 20 rectum Uh-huh You're moving up a little bit there George 13 You're going to be a good guy You're going to be a good guy You're going to be a good guy You're going to be a good guy You're going to be a good guy You're going to be a good guy You're going to be a good guy You're going to be a good guy You're going to be a good guy You're going to be a good guy You're going to be a good guy You're going to be a good guy You're going to be a good guy You're going to be a good guy You're going to be a good guy You're going to be a good guy You're going to be a good guy You're going to be a good guy You're going to be a good guy You're going to be a good guy You're going to be a good guy You're going to be a good guy You're going to be a good guy You're going to be a good guy You're going to be a good guy You're going to be a good guy You're going to be a good guy You're going to be a good guy Is there anything good going on a day? Is there anything like, are there any politicians who can be trusted? No I'm not saying, you know he deserves his day and course patron who let alone my other But it just seems to be that there's always this pain this kind of armament that will get him tossed all the way up here I'm going to try and move That's as push way into my seat You way, yeah Why the You bastard I'm going to have to That is great Bobby Merchier from Madison, Wisconsin. How I didn't even know there was a second verse to that limmer about man tucking. It pays to stay in school, doesn't it? But anyway, let's bring out our next guest here on America's most untalented kid. All the way from Seattle Washington here to sing, let me entertain you. Won't you please give a warm welcome to Little Dickey Fickernick-O! We're Dickey. Let me entertain you and we'll have a real good time. Let me entertain you and we'll have a real good time. Okay, Dickey Fickernick-O! You know, Dickey and that little green suit you look like a pimple leper con or something. I don't know. Is there any way, Joe, what did you think? He sucked. Okay, when he sucked, they'll- I'd say the same thing. He sucked. Okay, suck number two, Dary. Really, really all four. I would just say plain, softy. Ooh, Dickey, that's a nice voice. Sub-suck into sucky. This is enough to have a qualified for the finals. This week, boom, suck, I shouldn't not play! All right, good ones, Dickey and we'll get you next time on America's most full! So, I did get you, you know, my everybody did! That's what they do, and just while doing their play, I'm watching CBC, which I have under in the show every day, and they're doing news, you know, like real news stories. So, because of what that lady was saying in the article, I just read, I flipped over to CBC and MSNBC. Yeah, I think that's it. Me, Wes, Abraham Lincoln, returned to the directors of Sailors on there. It's an array of flyers, it's said of a message. Hey, Sailor! And the wires and they're hugging her little babies, and then I switch over to MSNBC. I guess what's on MSNBC, yeah. Thank you. I'm thinking about that. Now, you are. You're still a friend. You're still a friend. Now, have you spotted him? No, no, no. I'm going to tell you right now, seriously. If there's anybody in this audience, or anywhere in the world who really is stupid enough to believe that this is news. And I kind of understand if this were the variation rather than the norm, if this were the exception, right? Then I would say, okay, well, let's put something on there like a field good kind of a story of puff piece. But that's all there is. This is all there is. Non-stop photo opportunities and non-stop pepper alleys. That's what the talking heads are involved with round of clock 24. Seven out. Anyhow. Maybe. Okay, she's putting a microphone of the, are you on the MSNBC? No. I know. She's got the microphone in a face of this little kiddies about three years old. What's he going to say? He's going to make a speech. And he's like any three year old kiddies like, look, and there's scratching his head like what the hell do we all want, bitch? Yeah, right. Oh, my God. And this is going on non-stop round of clock. Home there is on it. What was it like when you first started young couple? I'm saying I'm with you. It's a wife and young baby. I can stop shaking and it's very sad. Very happy. What did you say now? I just mentioned these things in passing. Okay. I mean, wouldn't it be just like a little bit of balance, a little bit of truth, a little bit of really what's going on. In fact, that the electricity is still on most of the, most of the bag dead, and that they're a lot of continuing all the stuff going on. Now, we don't want to tell you the truth. What we want to do is go step along because we want to be willing, co-participants in this, whatever it held us to exercise is called. That's it. I think that's what I was looking for. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I'm dying out of here. I have no way. I need to have this, I need to have this. I need to have this. Okay. I'll take some calls. Okay. I don't get all more written depressed about it because it ain't going to change. If you really want to know what's going on in the world, go to the internet, at least of the time being until they start digging with that too. Go to the internet, read a whole bunch of stuff, and certainly don't waste your time with the weekly readers. The news paid the two days in South 40 won't learn nothing from them. WQOM. You know how to go on? Okay. I don't quite know what you call, but it's a lady going home. You'll go out or something like that, you know which one that is. Sure. Yeah, that's great. And one is your personal one. Trust me when I tell you. Okay. And one other thing, my soda. I'm sorry. And you're still there. Yeah. I'm a CMS. You know, I got it. I listened to the shit. Yep, today. Do you listen to what? No. Oh, Schmidt, I thought he said something else. Pongers man. This whole thing was a system. President landed on the flight deck and all this though, I think I could listen to the details or beyond the lead. It's not. And this is newsworthy with more on your today. It's just basically. I know the camera. Hang in there. Hang in there. To be honest with you, I'm sorry. That was that other. 560, 750, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 80, 80, 80, and 10. Oh, this is a good story. This is kind of cute. Put a little smirk on your post. Sodom scene in London. We have it on a website. No, do we have the pictures that go with us or not? But of course. Of course. We would have to be in more. He doesn't miss a trick, man. That's what they said at Trasor Island. Sodom was saying a period to turn up in London today. This was yesterday. As dozens of hopefuls attended auditions to find a look alike of the former Raki Dick Tender. Short, thin, clean, shaving ginger hair, then in one case female candidates. That's those British women. You know, who thought they bore resemblance to Sodom, who still missing after the Wynaraka symbol of the Riverside Studios in Hammersmith, England. They were handed army jackets, black burrays and falls mustaches, and asked to walk across the stage in way to an imaginary crowd. Chowths of next, filled the auditorium, as the Sodom doppled gangers, grinned the nightly, gave regal ways and attempted to strut around the stage dysphotically. What does a doppled ganger? A shapeshifting creature that copies its victims. I see. Charlie Shark, 21, a computer support worker from Isle Isle, Ileworth said a colleague said it would be a good idea to come down. I've had 13 years of jokes at work ever since Sodom invaded Kuwait. The look of us are needed for the West Ends, the West Ends, the Tyrical Review, followed my leader, which is due to open a vend of June. Here per serial Raymond Goobay said we had no idea who was going to turn up today, but I'm pleased to see we've had one or two good example. If they were unsure, they could just go to Baghdad. I'm sure they'll find dozens of, you know, whole bunch of lookalice and Baghdad. About 30 men! At least. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18, T-line, the mad dog at one. Oh, right! And then we got 80k for Hank from Vegas to three. Josh Friedman briefly for a fat half hour. I thought it was 7, 30. Wouldn't it be a great idea for a show where he could just get off his sports, much along with Josh? Huh? I think it's a winner. I think we got a winner. And just listen to the sounds of, if I Josh and the beast. Right? Having a feast. A feast with Josh and the beast. I think it a 40-year. Believe I'm doing it man! As they just said that we could have food brought in, Tony's Hill could bring it in and just a whole bunch of folks. So, are there corkeys? Yeah! Yeah! Sure, as hell, be talking about that stupid same sports crapper every day. My hand will go out of your sports video, 5, 6, and 2, 8, and... Oh, one moment, please. So, we have an problem there, we have B-d-boy. Yep. Yeah. Is he going to do something or is that a big deal? Yep. Is he going to do something or is that a big deal? Oh, yeah. I have no line. But I don't think we could have a fight there. They were even better than the first one. Yeah! Hold on. Hi, someone want power. Hi, you know. Come out to house and hunt the earth and run. To validate the spin of all those white. House, though. If you still need the Vincent to be my co-steer there. Or there there goes a lion from the old baby. But he falls such a... You know such a... Keep looking for proof of all the new TV away there there. But you know that he's gonna find it. No. He's never had the meaning. It's called 43. This is just insanity. But the good news is, Bush does speak on a economy 1230 on CNN live. 1250, I'm sorry. So we've only got seven more minutes to have to endure this naval attack. A aircraft which also can launch missiles, S3 Vikings. Where did that one area fly to yourself? These images said, oh my god, seafood for lunch. That's what I heard. You think they're gonna miss them to stew? Maybe. So now you understand why absolutely refuse to watch any more than necessary. CNN, MSNBC, and certainly not Foxbatch's news. And the worst news of all being, Mark Geragos, see, you look at all of this in the In the city of yourself. Either I've lost my sanity or I have to do everything I can to escape from all of this. But secondly, you won't say I was questioning it there for a while. It's just the same old, same old. It never ends. Mark Geragos, an anti-grace, a news-nancy-grace, a news-nancy-grace, a news-mark Geragos. And of course our root cause personal friend Larry will be having his nightly panels. And here's Mark Geragos with a big mustache who was defending a Robert Blake. And I was busy defending Scott Peters. And what's the use? What is the use? Because the message from the messenger is that we all must be glued 24-7 to this. And this is what we ought to be concerned about. This is what our lives should consist of. Is the swill that they're feeding the wass? The propaganda, the bullcraft, the photo-operatoonies. Just film a good e-earth. Is I'm sure, I'm sure, I'm sure, I'm sure, I'm sure, I'm sure. I like to break his knee caps, you know. I hate to say that. Why? I would like to, huh? Why would you hate to say that? I am enjoying saying it. I like to break his knee caps. Well, put the screen. What an ultimate skill. I mean, Lou Dobbs, at least he finally came out of the right wing closet. But this guy who pretends to be a journalist, you know the day that CNN really went down a crap. Is that the day the one Bernard Shaw retired? You're right. Oh, he wouldn't have put up with him in this crap. But nevertheless, and maybe the right price. Now this facts from Carlons to Don Arizona, do you ask a beat of boy about this? No. So, as I can't find the article on your website, you're right about 30 minutes ago, concerning the profits of several corporations in their role in this war for profit. You know what I mean? I don't know what story he was talking about. He said, he's a story. What is it? Guess what he's story, the one that you read yesterday and you read it today. Well, what is the heading on that, you know? If I don't give me a couple of seconds. I'll give you, don't see it. There he goes again. You've got him conditioned to being two of pressure packed there. Just relax. Take your time if you find it great. If not, time's up. Seriously, I mean, just if you find it great, and sure the Carl will appreciate it, because he's an avid listener on the internet, he says, keep up the good work there. More of us than the Goose stepping meat, he will allow us to know. Love you, Neil. Love you. Oh, yeah. Now that's one. I'll never play that. Ken, probably could've been so embarrassing. Hi. This is Jim. Love you. Show me your love you. That's the guy that's been. I guess that's what we call him as name. It's her other. He's a little bit more. Yeah. For other exactly. For other penis? You know, when there's a list of things to check off at the bottom, there's always other. Yeah. That would have been behind his. That's what he feels out to think, where says sex, MF or other. What is it now? The title of the article is the fence CEOs are big winners of Erak War. Right. Defense CEO. You can find that on the website to go to the page from yesterday. The features page. The features page. Click on the features page. I don't have a sign. Which is really great now because now being a boy's got it by week. I looked at that yesterday for the first time in a while. That's getting just better and better. If I were someone I don't want to mention no names because it is Friday and so long we can. But if I was somebody, I'd be so embarrassed and ashamed and humiliated. The fact that this little punk came in and turned a once. Baron website. Into one of the gets routinely over quarter of million hits every day. And I will re-stay what I said yesterday and it's kind of a new wedgellasy. I don't know I would like more and more people to see it. When you look at that sludge report from his sludge on air and look at all the drudgery that she puts on and realize that there are millions of people clicking on it. And as still say look at it again today. We started a huge picture of George W when that silly outfit on. I flew to play and I flew to play. Right. Yeah. Fly where on this. And then you realize he's getting those millions of hits and there's nothing on it. It's just a basically a black and white page occasionally a color photo and it's about it. Just a black and white page with about 50,000 links and that's it. That's a website. Oh, wait. I got the Bill Schneider on CNN. He better not say something controversial. Look at him off. He'll continue to be on the agenda. But he wants to focus now on the economy because Americans are very worried about the economy. He knows what happened to his father when he had that's right. It's going to happen to him too. You wait till Bobby Graham till VD by I'm up at that big great. We'll have our own candidate for governor. Maybe nice. Wouldn't it. It would be nice. A man that's got the balls. A man who's been telling like it is the real story about the threat of terrorism in America. Is supposed to all of BS the bull crap we've been getting all the lies. The propaganda. You go boy. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. How are you doing? Great. I just wanted to tell you a wolf blister. It's biggest phony on the face of the earth. I used to work at the end and back when they actually gathered news. Right. One time I, you know, just be a wolf blister story. I'm out of wedding with him. In mid sentence, he walked away from me. I mean, he doesn't even even effort. So you pretend that he's listening to me. He's an asshole. He's from Buffalo. I know anyone from Buffalo, like well, blister. Usually people from Buffalo and leave. The only, what he grabers the only person from Buffalo ever met my life was like a decent human being. There you go. Well, say hello to Highly, how we meet her for me while you're up there. Okay. And you have a good day. And Ted Brande, Bill Baroqueo too. Very good. See you. My life. And foster you, it and Bill, you know what? See the whole show is just about past. I'm watching all this propaganda there and propaganda TV. We go right back down state to tell you why. That's why. The South Jersey pinebearers are beautiful. Yep. You can tell that the leaf season is over. They got fishing shows on the TV. Yeah, it's true. The show that's on right now may believe to America. They show a hockey player's fishing. I guess they might as well cause they're not playing hockey now. At least not the ones who play here. On airs church, you'll down. But if there's Hank right in the horse. No audio though. Damn it. I hate when that happens. I'm going to get fat one. Nobody Q.I.M. Hello? Yes sir. Hey Neil. Hey Don. Yeah, I'd like to give you a horse so we can tuck you to every. Um, I think it comes down to, you know, street fight at the end, which it will. Buddy Gil will be the one with Gary Stephens. He knows that it gets dropped up. Who breaks those number eight posts right next to a new spresped by the way? I know. I know. They thought they did out in the same. I needed to every which I'm sure he's caught. Right. I need a hold on to my little face. Neil. Yes ma'am. Bobby, you're all right. I love you. Okay. Sweet. Alright. Bye bye. Indian Express. Kentucky Derby. Now let's see Dave Johnson picked the chalk. He picked the favorite in parmaker. Theory Bailey. Six to five in a morning line, you know. See, and now this is probably going to be the. The favorite finally wins, which rarely really happens in the derby. But I'm just been burned so many times. You know, chalk is personally in a big field like that. Breaking from the 12 post not for me. Or now was it the pole position? Is that what most said? Just stop and take for a guy that's supposed to be doing sports. Does he know anything about derby racing? No. Parnas racing. No. Pocky. Almost. Yeah. That's the only age that I think he knows about. He's seem to have like a lot of expertise on that. Especially that movie with Fagodorn. Right. Did you ever hear that character before we. No. I never saw that. But still happy for him. He invested in it. And you don't want to either. Did you see the original archaja full? Sure. Your ages ago. Oh, the the bother mind way. Jacob. That was his name. Jacob. He was a panic. The black guy. And I keep thinking of that scene where he put on those shoes that were about 14 sizes to smoke. That is just choice. Don't wait a minute. Nobody on there. Go to Q.A.M. Hello. Yes sir. Happy Friday to you. Back to you. Been listening to you since 1990. On the guy that the optical lab check works for the Canadian Toronto. Right. I don't know if you got I listen to you share the first hour of the morning. Did you get I am that hemorrhoid. No. That's a good one. I have some more to ask for God about him. I've been trying to call you for about a week and a half. I am that hemorrhoid. I am that hemorrhoid. Is that the great joey? That's the great joey. Joy Reynolds who said. I am that hemorrhoid. And he also said I am I know that meals ask. Oh yeah. I forgot that one. Calls. The show you how long I've been listening. Remember the lady from Boka that time. They called you three times in one day and you gave her crap on the air for the boss. And so nice letter. Standhold for forty five minutes. But tell you you suck. Really? I don't remember that. And let me talk to him. Oh I get it. He's in the bathroom. What? I'll have your done with him. I heard that. I'm like dying. If that was some lady from Boka. She called like three times in one day. That's what I hear. I hear she was from Boka. She called three times in one day. Anyway, you were reading about the similar one. And you gave me last week. Yeah. My wife and I go to Champa a lot. And they have videos slots over there. They don't check out cash like the real slots. Yeah. We want to real slots. We don't want that video crap. We want the real slots man. We want it more. We want it tomorrow night at Pompeto Park. They're made by IGT. That's he makes the slots too. Yeah. Well we want him now. Okay. Well I get back to town. We're going to have like a big demonstration. Proces. We want our slot machines. Now have a great day, pal. And a great weekend. Bye. Bye. I'm low. This is for 3.05. 6. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 3. 5. 6. 1. 5. 7. 4. 3. 3. 1. 3. 3. 5. 1. The royal to be content, going after satown to, flaked at Osama, there's no longer mention of. And on, I'm being complacent, believe in every word of this cartelist administration, back and throw this by fear through me, and remit realization and a bright wing, is drilling it over and over into our heads. And I beg, as a weapon of mass is correct. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now, not the ass from this thing. I have nothing to hide. I don't know how to hide. Table of partners, all are safe. I know being a cattle don't ask. And the reservoir of agents, out of provoked fathom and world of annihilation, overshins must fall. And have a virgin and stoke with no objection at all. To the creptone of the Halls and the right wing. This feeling will over and over to our parade, while in Iraq as a weapon of mass is correct. Only I've racked as a weapon of mass is correct. Bye bye, bye. Thank you for watching. Now it's time to bring in the master.