I will ask you, are you gonna go, uh, ccbysket? No. No. Okay, move your man. He's on the one. He's talking about movies all day, but you won't go see that. There were in 600 years ago before any of us even before Mo was born. Why don't we want to see that? It captured more news than Hitler in 38. Wow, and I look excited. And if I've made this, they'd have paid more attention to Hitler. There'd be a lot more people still live. Who can't say to worry about some stupid assholes? I think both of them were an exciting story, Neil. That's the way. That's the way. That's the way. That's the way. Yeah, we don't have to cover up a work for one day a week. You want to work one day a week and blame for all the problems. Let me tell you this during the, during this spring book, I was on every goddamn day. Okay. I had a stroke. I was missed one day. George has the sniffles there. He's out for two days. George Wigg, most Wigg fell off the one side. He missed the whole guy then. We'll see George, we'll see. We'll see. George doesn't sick. That's a three day dry out duty at the Puffy Eyes, the Pale Face. He was on C Rock. Do you know how he was talking when he first came back? Listen, that's the way to be through that virtual back. We're putting a beast on an eight ball a day, cracked diet. Yeah. And we're just, he's going to smoke an eight ball a day, a pack of marbara reds. And he's going to eat no food. He's not going to sleep. He's going to look at people. He's going to close all this curtain. He's the big day. He's the lock-up. It's true. It comes in, of course. You mentioned in Marlins again, they are screwing up all our plans. Want to clock the book is coming out. And when we find out the data was coming with that, oh great. One to two will do the whole thing on a spring book. Give the numbers out. Which everybody in town tunes in. Anybody in the business tunes into my show. Because I'm the only one who doesn't lie about the numbers. I give them out. Right. And now we got a stick in Marlin game today. 1230 pregames. High level meetings here that I have to come on tomorrow morning for a cameo appearance to give you the numbers. I think that it's all on you, man. I give you a great and Josh and Duff. Lock the door to the conference room and sit in there for hours digging through the paraphernalia. No, that's mode. It's digging through. Yeah. He's having a fun day today. Oh, he's just understanding his level. He's corrupt. He's responding so tightly yesterday. I understand there's a little contrapms going out with you and Morgan. Listen, I think you guys get it straight now. Really? I figured out since I've been here. He's only going to like himself. Yeah. That's it. No one question. I thought you were lying. I've always got a lot of fun with Howard. I don't have problem. Howard has problem with me. He's a voter, but he's a pervert. I get screwed in the pitch. See, he's a crumb. He's a crumb. He's the old Jew pervert. And then everyone here knows it. He hits on every chicken, the building. And everyone knows it. But I heard that he came to the voters for breakfast this morning. He said he was having Dingo this morning. I'm the person. You don't want to mess with me. I'm the one. I'm just a voter. I'm a voter. You are. I'm off. You're scooing to your grandmas goals. Look here. You're going to be talking about your body. He's my granddad with one bag. And that's going to be the sea again. He's trying to change the subject. He's all a good shoulders. You have a good mind. You're a hero. You've got to bring us out of the depths of the spirit. The summer book I will prove. And adding it to summer book. You have a mind for one. We're cutting on. I have to lift this up so we make our bonuses. Okay? Yeah, and listen, George, it's about as sick as my swamp asses today. Have a nice day, Neil. See you, Scott. This is more how it would have been. And this is guilty. I want his words to now. So, I don't have a business over here. Okay. This upcoming dolphin season is going to be a very good and fully facelift with junior show. That's down. That's down. So, that's down. Is that so? Hola, you are both wrong. ETC. He, that's so. So, he's so. So, he's so. So, he's so. So, he's so. So, he's so. So, he's so. So, so. So, so. So. So, here again. Music Me and I are calling this fucking He was something to go And then Link's a coldly riot with the Palurado Pop out of his car and let us succeed on saying That British building was the key where he was being delayed And then without warning his voice got into chaos And probably couldn't keep his trousers naked in his pants Oh fuck Well he called the front pants in us the young her foot She says not my job in the wall of the EU She knocked on his door and then watched you and I was surprised That he was at the bottom of the gun and fries He said she didn't want it but he claimed it was from my house And told me couldn't keep his laptop in his pants You call that a penis Okay, here's my buddy WQAM hello Oh, it's not him. Yes sir Yellow Yellow Yes hello Oh 2A in Okay Oh, look at the data Look at that That's a nice one Either that he wanted to hear some more salient crews One, that, that, that Oh yeah, we got lots of salient for it To make up for George who's a really just a self-hating spick Who just can't stop picking on people who are dead Shame on you No wonder you were getting death threats Yeah This is the poll question George asked yesterday If they were all to disappear tomorrow Who would you miss the least? 1120 votes pretty good for a George poll clergyman women, that's what I voted for For a fortune tellers rabbi's nun's Fakers, now there was 478 Fashion designers totaled in 54 That's how Tom of Fubrik to me Professional athlete, 121 Talk to your host 105 Yeah, DJs in VJs 94 Actors and actresses 33 Artists 20 and musicians only 15 Because we all as George said yesterday I did hear that you said we all love music And just I don't want them to think I only had that one song I got like, I've got millions All right, here we go Oh, right I think I've got a man in a dress Big fat girl, I'm looking man in a dress Say yeah Yeah But I'm so happy Yeah Oh, I'm so happy Oh my god Wow, I'm back I mean could she say no if did she look good? Oh, she entertaining Oh, but boys she was an icon And I think that I wasn't even talking about it But I just wanted to dig down into my pile here We don't have a lot of time we got a ball game at 1230 Dammit Yeah, no seriously, of the one day when we didn't want a ball game This would have been the day because we want to be rating intensive All the way, I don't think it's going to be too good I think it's going to be really bad I believe that it's going to be nasty Oprah top top icon VH1 says So that should tell you the reason that Sedia Cruz was so big in the Kubano community If Oprah and this is this is VH1's assessment of the 200 greatest pop culture icons Of 10 episode ranking of Actors, musicians, politicians, academic sports figures and fictional characters Oprah was number one, Elvis number two Ready for that? No. So probably say that Cruz is number one in the Cuban community And the Disiana is his number dose Would you think? cried shame And early out of Rosanna Dan is probably number two No, it was zero Oh, she was on one of the talking hits those of you For I saw for about two minutes I just see her in my blood borrows, I get pissed off I just want to puked Well, that couldn't be the guy in for Ludderay online six could it? Yes, it is Neither of us No, that wasn't him That was phony read that was so weak, so lame You aren't even the same league with my piezon out there You got to do it like with the real sumreal enthusiasm That was lame man, it was very weak He's probably in the vacacion In fact, maybe he's a wasn't in funeral Don't be making fun of Cilia Cruz again all day today They hate you now, they can't help it Anyway, now let's see, which one of these would be good music in the background One moment please, okay for my Hillary out chapter today We got a short one for it Last year living history, Hillary Rodham Clinton each day Chapter a day, or a paragraph, it keeps the a dial doctor away There we go Now that's two upbeat for this There we go Little one mellow My father was born in Scranton, Pennsylvania, the middle son of Hugh Rodham Seen you and Hannah Jones He got his looks from the line of black hair to Wells cold miners on his mother's side But Hannah, he was heart-headed and often gruff But he laughed, the sound came from deep inside And seemed to engage you, part of his body I heard it is laugh, the same big rolling gulfaw The concern heads in a restaurant and sent cats running from the room She's him And I didn't even press on the phone Oh man, could she sing or what? That's Celia Cruz See you people of McGell and Beerboy that I was sent with her on Tuesday She lived in a whole different era which leads to the poll question today Let's get that on her right away They live in this Cuban centric world where they exclude like stuff from the asset from the real world Everybody else cares about They just don't give it I take a fence I'm a good, and that's what it was intended for, to make you a very offended Here is the poll today, and why how come I broke your real face down on here I was just in, oh because that's what you were saying No, as soon as you, I'm a little bit And I wrote a time because I didn't want to forget it, you're real face For Celia, a man and a dress She had a lot in common with the Pope Although he is a snappier dresser Which ethnic religious or racial group is the most overly sensitive That's our poll question today on theorages.com Which ethnic religious or racial group is the most overly sensitive And you'll notice Eric that I underlined and put like in jarganic Overly sensitive, question mark So here's my, uh, group for right now my, uh, selection, blacks, Cubans, Cubans So you can only break Jews, oh, rednix, Chinese or Catholics I couldn't think of anybody else, but I'm sure somebody might That's a pretty good start Overly sensitive, two ethnic, seveno centric To obsessed with their own kaka, what a however you want to put it I'm amazed that you didn't do the asteriory owner busted story A big apartment And Israeli and Tix collector who sent a burial box Proported to be that of Jesus brother James the late Jimmy Christ to Toronto late last year Has been arrested on suspicion of forgery It turns out it wasn't the burial box of Jimmy Christ Oh, that go on accused of creating two forgery That's sure the religious and archeological world appeared in Korea today They after police arrested him I can imagine if he would have turned off a video to real thing he could have achieved great heights Oh, did go on? In court police unveiled forgery equipment they said was found in gole on soul Including stencil stones and partially completed forgery Oh, gole on also a suspect in connection with a shoe box size tablet And scrowed with forgery instructions for caring for the Jewish temple In other words More I play that the more I like that It's got its moments Anyway, 12 minutes after 10 we got like I said ratings coming out today at the one for the spring book And the off-row can I got to do with that he was on for the last three weeks The book this was the big deal I was supposed to bail us out of another wise marginal spring book Right, so it's all on his broad shoulders, okay I think you're you're wrong. I think it's gonna be gigantic What the book the book a reshorter the month you're all that to get out and here based on what Which we'll think it's a big you just picked that out of your ass Get it all how we name it there you picked it out of your ass man right? If we could pick some big numbers out of our asses big is the finger birds that more for this been picking we'd have we'd be killing them But at least that's the movie 10 13 at five 60 speaking numbers just how low can those interest rates go? I'm sure that's been pressing on your mind lately Yeah, now financial group is doing the limbo rock under the lowest we finance rate going how does this sound be a 1.95% That's right you heard right now you can meet finance your home or buy you a new home and get a super low 1.95% financing rate with our friends at financial group column today and find out how you do it call 1 80940 That's 1 80940 LE and if you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate you really ought to do this confidential group 1 80940 and here's some examples of the kind of savings it means for you if you have yourself a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are a poultry 360 at Voxama if you have a 200 thousand loan your pay only 736 months of confidential group 1 80940 land to get the ball rolling get you that low 1.95% rate from financial group 1 80940 LE and the the Renekwell housing lender credit restrictions apply rates are submitted change monthly 5.19 APR 1 809 APR 1 80940 1 80940 1 80940 1 80940 1 80940 1 80940 1 80940 1 80940 1 80940 1 80940 1 80940 1 80940 1 80940 1 80940 1 80940 1 80940 1 50 50 50 82 82 91 91 94 91 95 91 94 91 91 94 92 95 97 95 What a homo. You may never got laid. Are you serious? I'm gonna go pick for coming. Oh, yes. But! Oh, yeah! What the fuck? It's... Buh! Oh, fuck! God! God! God! It's a great day. Be by me to have the lead. Because for it's just makes me... Buh! But when I'm around her... I just don't know what to do. I'm a sport-holsterian. Boy! You're... I like to look at wedding men. It takes my day to be called Buh! And when they hardly give me a lesson, People's fun and throw down the time room. That's why I'm a sport-holsterian. I like to pay with my Bible then down. And thank you, we can't fool! You know what you are? You're a goddamn faggot! I say it! That's a foul! Wonderful! Nobody else do it! Good boy! Don't say it! 10, 20, it's fine. 60, but are my clearance to my arms payday. It's a 25th day. I just mentioned that in passing since he failed to come in and bond with us this morning. Haven't seen him yet today. Well, here, he's probably busy in sports meetings. 28 votes on there already on the pole, which is popped up. Well, I have to. I think we're just over our bigger part. Let me go vote. A racial group is the... I know who you're voting for. Is the most overly sensitive. Blacks, 12, Cubans, 11. I don't believe it. Jews, 5, 5. And no votes yet for Rednex. Chinese are covered. Sing we should have put Irish on there. I mean, we certainly are going to put a Tannins on there because a Tannins, em, em, with a godfather, all that stuff and some franos. The Italians get picked on all the time. And they like to do what a good sense of humor. And I, uh, whatever, a Tannin American definitely. They do have it, but most people don't pay any attention. The average a Tannin person you talk to about there's my screaming about, oh, while these stereotypes about the Syrians that are not doing that. No, the Irish are too far. Any more than the Irish are screaming about the fact that we always talk about the... RUNKIN REGFACE Irishman with the big nose like, you know, Mike Disney, people like that. Here's a, uh, facts from our good close personal friend PR Ralph. Oh, Azucar! One time of it. I don't say that. I immediately start thinking of salia every time you say, Azucar. It says, uh, come up with a great idea during commercials on the Marlins game. You can cross over with a book number as you get a bigger audience and I'll be listening till 2pm. It said it beats dead air. No, we can't do that. We got the commercials. We got to get on those commercials, don't we? No, we got lots of commercials. Dollar a horror on a Marlins game. Hey, they're red hot. They're five games over 500. Anybody care? No, as long as they're given a free piece away. You know, this, and of course, I just hope when, when did he start giving crap away on a show for Ralph? That one, that was mentioned. That just started last week or two, right? I don't know. I think in two weeks, yeah. See, that's after the spring book was over because it ended like June 18. I think in July, as we're going to take a real big hit, more because, and again, he's what he's doing. He's letting these free loading bastards who had, they couldn't care about the station about him about his show. All they want is free crap. We've been through it many times. And there are how many times that I say, we're never going to do that again. And then we get sucked into it again. And then we get sucked into it again. And then we get sucked into it again. And then we get sucked into it again. And then we get sucked into it again. And then we get sucked into it again. And then we get sucked into it again. And then we get sucked into it again. And then we get sucked into it again. And then we get sucked into it again. And then we get sucked into it again. And then we get sucked into it again. And then we get sucked into it again. And then we get sucked into it again. And then we get sucked into it again. So you're going to have to wait till tomorrow morning when I make my cameo guest appearance. And I don't mind. I mean, what am I going to, yeah, we're going to take a clock at a morning on a Friday. I'm going to be sitting here reading my newspapers. What am I going to do? Party. So I'll come in here and, you know, for about two, three minutes. And if they're really bad for about two, three seconds. And maybe this is the call I've been waiting for from Pompano. Hello. Hey, hey, new. Yes, sir. We got it. Absolutely. Not good. Fine. See, you have no material. You idiots out there. You have nothing going. And so now you're all what retired wannabes. That's it. And he has to envelop share with asshole. Don't be sentenced crap on the air. You asshole. 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line 25 save black 17 Cubans. And then I don't want to get them all back out of shape of our city of cruise. Yeah, I already did that. But I know you are really pissed them off because you're one of them. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning, sir. I'm doing pretty good. Glad to hear that. First and foremost, I want to say I'm sorry about the ice cream thing that came out that I extremely excited about finding the flu recipe pot. Really? Oh, you're... Where did you hear that? I didn't hear that story. Yeah, I think it's a roiter or something like that. What's all the day now? I know, right. It's okay. It's still day screen. Second thing about the, about the, I'm actually kidding the two brothers. Yeah. They actually, uh, two sane pussy. I'm sorry? Pussy and Cousay? Yeah. Yeah. The reason they haven't shown the picture is that it's exactly doing a cut in paste and it takes a little water. Yeah, right. To do, to do one of those. If they had dinner board working on it, we'd have it like by noon today. You can already. It's great, most pictures you guys. Yeah, right. And third thing about the test of the thing about salicruz. I'm sorry to tell you this. Uh, why? Why? I'm sorry. If we're hitting me from listening to your radio station just because of that. Because of what? Because of that. My wife can kick in my buff it. Do it. Because, uh, well, but will I be a loser? I'm gonna, uh, have no idea. I'm not a loser! I'm gonna kick her ass out on the street. No. Did you see the Godfather? Yes, the Paul... It's never tied to the front yard. You remember, Reued with Carlo and, uh, what's your name, they're Connie Well, I don't want to put in an Edo seeds in your mind, but that's the idea. Yeah, as far as you let them forget they can only be on, okay. Get that belt out. How do a great time, Paul? Be the crap out of that bitch. And I see you shouldn't be saying that. I'm going to start selling like Tom Rolikas, that asshole. That's a bag of that bag of who just decided to give out the name of the rape P victim in the alleged Kobe Bryant rape be in of course his whole show is based on like the Tom Cruise character in Magnautia Hitting women. That's his whole life. That's his whole life Would you stop saying that crap? Here's the good news though. We got some good news today house votes to block your sped at FCC Elements and even other L president they continue to say which is a joke that he's been a veto the bill The vote was 400 to 21 A vote of 421 lawmakers approved the spending bill would language blocking the FCC decision to let companies own TV stations Serving up to 45% of the country's viewers the current ceiling is 35% and Michael Powell is pissed off and a show of the Finance He should have written statement before the vote depending the commission's decision Yadiyadiyadiyadiyadiyadiy. We're confident in our position Powell said we created enforceable rules They reflect the realities of today's media marketplace the rules will benefit Americans by protecting localism competition and diversity Who'd I how are you kidding? Obviously not even so many of your own people mr. Powell junior another liar Representative David Obed in regret of Wisconsin chief sponsor They provision that would derail the liberalized FCC rules acknowledged and interview that a tough fight lay ahead Over keeping language intact in the bill's final version, but he declared victory for now It's extremely rare to be able to reverse a regulatory decision that gives away the store to the big boys Obi said well said Obi one can Obi I scorn baby So there you go. We may maybe there's a little bit of hope and on you as holds out there all you bush liqueurs I like I've said before if you're religious fanatic or if you're a multimillionaire or billionaire Then then more power to them that you'll be out of you have all the reason to rule the support him and he's Nazis Everybody else. I don't understand it. You get it? No, I don't know I just can't I can't stop singing that I can't stop all day all night you're been the shower One time to me that she's she's dynamite. She's an icon She was an icon a big hoochie koochie gorilla face woman in a man's body with a big dress Well, I can't stand it and she didn't even have no bananas on her head like a Carmen Miranda So can't it's my small show Carmen Miranda the Pope or does he or an ass or a saliac cruise? I don't love Desi in there Lucy Lucy at least he was a great businessman. He was raised behind a whole operation right he visioned like a Bozo like Luis on a passion. He played a tonic. That wasn't his real business Well, he was like what was his real business? It's a TV tell of his 27 at five 60 WCM every week over half the customers a dollar mattress are repeating referral customers because they know That 1 800 mattress has the best brands of discount prices every day of your life without any the hassles of showroom shopping And they know what real customer services all about because dollar mattress is ranked new moral owner You got it In overall satisfaction 1 800 mattress has delivered out of a science you choose to deliver a date and time to fit your schedule You get to our windows. You're not sitting home wasting a day of your life and believe you may dollar mattress shows up They deliver when you want evenings weekends and holidays too So it's easy to see by once people try dollar mattress. They never go back to a showroom again Our friend Miguel our former friend Miguel originally called 1 800 mattress in that the world treatment They showed up on time. So to talk about the smelly soil well vetting for free the works and all you high-end shoppers out there For you folks dollar mattress has a full selection of the finest beds available anywhere like the Seely Crown Jewel sort of perfect night Simmons world class in Kingcroll perfect contour and dollar mattress also carries tempered pedic the famous Swedish foam Macrosis so all eight another second call 1 800 mattress right now You can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight 1 800 mA TTR E S the easy and smart way to get you a great night sleep check them on the web at macros.com You see a lot of that believe you see a lot of fun to live in and have a seat on a little baby. It's done and to live in and have a seat on the little baby. I'm happy 3 at 5.60. We got no mad dog today and we got no Humper because we got the Marlin Game 12 30 Marlins on deck 105 Marlins at the Braves second their shirts here. They own the Braves There no question about that one again last night up there and guess who we got a four for the Humper today one guest Good guest And he still sucks. Joseph Gacky old penis face will be on four to seven the big 7 to 10. Oh, he should be on that list too. You know it Well, I'm I'm really thinking about his ethnic attitudes, but he definitely could be Cuban centric At least he sounds like it Then we got any k 10 and two and two and two and mark overnight two to five and a a m how's the first 100 and some votes coming on the pool He asked 1008 which ethnic religious or racial group is the most overly sensitive blacks 48 humans 45 We got a neck and neck nose to those battler between the blacks and Cubans now. How do we differentiate like the black Cubans? Aha, they don't consider those black they don't consider themselves Cuban You shut up Blacks 48 humans 45 used 13 Catlix two Red next none and Chinese non on my life put Chinese on it is I had to put something else Huh yeah, I got and I put red next as I had to put some category of white people. He can't just say like angloes or white people Right I guess 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and by the way We're not gonna be doing 11 30 to 12 30 comedy, but so I was joking about that on Tuesday That would wouldn't that be wrong? Somehow it'd be wrong although Here's Del Rey Beach hello. Good morning Neil. Yes, sir You're saying may you can't didn't know see you cruise but when are big songs in a 60s? I so fell up to that her Yeah, good point. Excellent one of my favorites is a matter of fact Okay, thanks. Remember see cruise Frankie Ford sure You Know that my clue is turning over on her brain I think she's not vote over Would she would she See I can't for life on me imagine for example if it because there are a lot of our audience can't stand Elvis, okay? Okay, I mean with me as far as Elvis I can take him or leave and I like a lot of his music But I can take him or leave me's not like to me a big icon. I can leave him Okay, but I can't imagine anybody who's a big Elvis fan even those assholes that slip up their degrees land I can't imagine them like calling in death threats to the radio station No, no because somebody said well, I thought Elvis sucked right that Elvis was like overrated or Elvis Couldn't see his way of a paper sack. I don't get that do you know I mean that that carries the and and ever not only it wasn't just the death threat calls off the air But there were obviously a lot of people out there in radio land and of course these aren't People supposed to be listening to what's anyway, but God very offended because of the fact and I say it again I didn't know who she was I never heard of her in my life Never heard of her and the reason that we're carrying on about this is because obviously we're missing out on such an important Fast-suit of our life. I don't understand we're missing out on the good stuff That's what's the matter is That's a secret Yeah, let's not tropical Tropical It's not the color Tropical acres with your cloth even a glass Your ass When the hell is this in the style Basta who he could see say just generally speaking for getting about say that cruise I just don't like that hoochie kuchi music no matter who's singing it Yeah, even at least McGellis singing it, which he does do some of that stuff some of that salsa crap I hate that music that it's so corny It is so dated Yeah, even for an old fossil like me. It's like like you made a good point before to show there, which is about time You said that she is to music to Hispanics What somebody like from the twis and I mentioned Rudy Valley, which is long before your time But she's like the Rudy Valley of music to Hispanics And you're saying who the hell was Rudy Valley? He was an old crusty looking Couldn't the thing is what of a paper sack? He was great on those Edison slowners. That sounded really good I'm sure she would have been dying might I know Come on say yeah, Brickett sweetheart Great Cuba You That Oh I They say I'm out of cone and thought that some you're What did she just say there? La puta Yeah, that's what he said She might use to yeah shame on you potty mouth old bitch Wait you're real a face Which ethnic religious or racial group is the most overly sensitive black 60 cubins 51 a Dark folks are pulling away June 17 Chinese for Catholic street non-forred next out of 135 votes no red next are sensitive because it's to be sensitive First of all you gotta be able to understand what people are saying about right there your IQ has got to be like at least at least that high Yeah, I feel like I'm on speed it. I like we're to be heard because we have a really really short show until 1230 ratings coming out of one o'clock. We're very sorry about that We're not gonna you think maybe we ought to put something on the website about her Should we just keep them hanging until 10 o'clock tomorrow. We'll keep man. Yeah Here's a call from geriatric camera. Hello. Hey doing a cool meal. Okay, sir What the how we could put this way on the poll out of no food sick but all that contra Thompson that bull crap Going on in the Senate that the orange hatch saying that the other Democrats aren't Good Catholic people without whole thing with prior Could you hear that? Democrats aren't good Catholic people Yeah, they're trying to say that because This prior the attorney general from Alabama. They're trying to put up for a federal judge Or an ass came out with some crap that the Democrats aren't good Catholic people Yeah, and he said that all does that mean He saying that's did not religious people because they're not okay in this guy Because he asked him what does he really look since when is that more man Catholic since what is he Catholic? It's just ridiculous with what they're doing because even asked him if he was what was his a religious affiliation Yeah, and it just goes to show that we're public and conservatives all of these religious zealots Zealots on to You know Zealot harlock This can then get carlock. Okay. I have a great day. What is he talking about? I didn't understand word up. I mean just you know Oh Just relax. Okay. Well, yeah, I mean uh, I want to hand or once that ain't gonna change He's the same nut job. He always has been just like strong thermon wasn't a least stuck his ass in a box and The Jesse house and all these other Graham okay just calm down enjoy life Quick, you saw so worked up about a bunch of Nazis. Okay about a bunch of boost stepping fascist who've taken over a control of the American government Easy for me to say Beautiful day here by the way So in 72 right now gonna be 79 low humidity. It's great. I understand that's like the end of the world there. Yeah, we're into water already. Oh cheese 20 to 11 at five 60 WCM the marlins and the Atlanta Braves at 1230 with a pregame today Are we excited about that? Oh, what yeah the ratings can wait till tomorrow. They're not gonna be good. They're gonna be Pretty good. I'm supposed to be honest. Okay. This is the honest show. I'm just telling you my gut feeling And I have this six feeling and I put it my stomach It's gonna be really a week and listen you can't be on top forever And especially when we're caught not for real. I mean, you know, let's see if he can pull his way. You know if he can pull it Some are time yield yields are going on right now at Hall of Patti IGMC and a sunshine and a rain whatever makes no difference Here's Neil deal. No more Oono is what it says here One Zero percent financing for 60 months on every 2003 GMC or Pontiac in stock Neil deal now no more O dose In any language get yourself up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC and Pontiac in stock Courage EMC and Pontiac owners get an additional rebate about to a grand from your good close personal pizons at Hallot And of course, Halice also that as always a great selection of unbeatable certified pre-owned car structure SUVs If you have marginal credit like beener boy who just We might have to tell that stir about the rental car later run Pretty embarrassing So if you've got marginal credit like him or more people working radio don't be afraid to shop at Hallot because they're not gonna worry about Perfect credit to get you a deal Attention everybody in the world time lemon and Joe Pareto have put their rock bottom prices on every new and use the Oakland stock during these summer Dildrum days So be sure to stop by Hallot and experience test how easy it is to shop there for a great deal Hallot Patti GMC there at 13411 South Dixie Highway that's right on U.S. when across and they prestigious falls open every day of your life Seven days a week except Christmas day for more info called the Neil deal hotline tool free at one triple eight 534 4211 One triple eight five three four forty two eleven don't forget all these Neil deals are Subbed to credit approval see to folks in Hallot for details that's in Hallot Patti GMC who are Beyond a shadow of a doubt professional grade This is which way you'll buy six She was a community I got in a community that really can I got as far as I can tell She was the fantastic iconoclastic Syria Yeah And the ruidio records presents good dose-it-well if you was sounds of Syria rules Feeds that you know you were so bugle Bola ballmesi Two years through, two souls are through, four youths available now with Big East's youths TV and Boya. I wonder she ever hung out at Tommy Matodiah's house. She sounds offy from her duty and I'm... Yeah, Talia Steele has set same difference, same person I think. Set that up on the other side. Me too, no girl faces that would be friends and... No, she's the bigger, but a hot one is done. I never have a hot demon right? I'll leave her. Yo. And that would be the day girl. No, I'm not kidding man. Yeah, you know something? No, wait a minute. Is that her or is that a man? That is her, isn't it? Yeah, it could be both. Oh, that is her. Right. That's what you sound like. I don't know, you know what I have to say about what I'm like when I'm on a plane. And look like you're alone. She'll be knocking us, okay, we're paying tribute here to Old Jerusalem. Don't be knocking us for being disrespectful. Which ethnic religious or racial group is the most overly sensitive as our pull question today, 180 votes, black's 84, Cuban 64, nobody else even closed, Jews only 20. Oh, Chinese seven, Catholic's five and red next none. None, zero. No sensitive red next, and that's a damn good thing. Don't be picking on a trailer trash. What? Here's a call from West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, I got a little bit of a material here. What do you want me to write with first? Which everyone I like? I'm here in a Cuban Central whip on beach. I'm here in a white-looking, and I can't even whistle one fundamental without people looking at me because I'm a white-looking Latino. And I want to add Haitian scedulists. They can't, they don't have the same Cuban rule where they put the toe in the crease or they're toe in the sand and spot the line and then you can't get in. Good point. How you doing? I'm doing great. Yeah, I do. You're up there. I'm miserable. Sorry, pal. Thanks. Better you than me. Let's put Haitians on here and what about what about Jamaican? Yeah, I'm going to put them. Give them some recognition to the cut off your supply. Let's get the Haitians and the Jamaicans. Yeah, yeah, for danger. You know, that's another, that's an excellent poll question. I don't think we've ever done. I'm, I'm, yeah, because I just thought of the Jamaican thing. I don't know how you phrased it correctly, but what ethic or religious or racial group do you have the most difficulty with? That's a good thing. That's not worded well, but you know what you're doing with that. I get the jizz of the country. Because I'm thinking Jamaicans, man. I just, I don't know what it is. Maybe I have bad luck. Maybe I just don't meet nice Jamaicans. Because most of them just had that, especially the women I've mentioned this, at least 20 million times. Not 30 million times. That imperialist kind of condescending hostile attitude. And that whole, that whole affected speech pattern, that whole thing, that pet, whatever that is, they just be one of, Barf, young man. What is it? No, not young man. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, you know who else does that even my friend Cliff the Pullman? I don't know what he's from one of them. Other islands there, man. Barf. Barf. Oh, I don't know. No, worse than that. Bahamas. Some place that's severe once the visited. Yeah, maybe in Gitmo. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. Just like Mickey told Eisner, I'd be very careful next time I started your car. Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello. Hey. Yes, sir. I want to add to making, but you're at my mind. I'd be able to do the process right. Everything you just said, oh, my God. I used to work with Jamaicans. Yeah. They have to add it to this air about them. It's like, if I fart, you better smell my ass. Right, that's what Beter was saying this morning. Don't stink. That's the way they feel about it. Oh, man. I'm telling you, but yeah, give me a whole creation and Jamaican. Okay, man. Thanks, Uncle. Uncle. Uncle. I'll okay, see you. What are my names? Uncle Remus. Ninety one for Black 73 for Cubans only. Twenty three for the Jews. We're always getting to our changed. Maybe we're just getting a wholesale. Seven for Chinese, five for Cali. We got to get the edge of makins and Asians on it. It'll spice it up this little bit. A little salsa to it. One time I made a. Ha ha ha. For the life of me, I just, I know there are people like jazz. There are people like a really hard acid rock, acidic rock. But salsa, I just don't get it. What is the appeal of that? It's a dance to. Yeah. Right. And what it stands to well, it looks amazing. Yeah. Okay. Whatever you say, being a boy, being a sea is really an enthusiastic about this because it comes to find out that he's even more Cuban centric than Miguel, that he was two and a half other day. He was two and a half and a half Tuesday. Really? I just wanted to be a picture of that. Yeah. You like to dance. Oh, God. Here's Miami. This might be the color of the waiting for Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Hey, man. Actually, I kind of knew you wouldn't like a silly accrues. Yeah. Well, no, no, no, no. What you black and just Cuban, I don't know. You're like Cuban. Well, well, based on what? What do you mean I don't like Cubans? Yeah, you don't like anything. You always complain about them, you know. I got to do a sitting there on the other end of the line here. What are you talking about? Yeah. If a rake them all aside. I'd be reading them for being Cuban. You know, I want to hear. Why couldn't you be in that house of wood and cruising? Why weren't you in there? At home. Ha ha ha ha ha. I just want to take the pose longer. Let me get it in there. Yeah. Okay. How many? This is the kind of stuff. 360 to be exact. Which ethic religious or racial group is the most overly sensitive. Blacks 103, Cuban 75 that last asshole on us or what he was just an asshole. He has 5,000 votes in my book. Jews 23, Jinx, Tai 7, Catholic six. Red and X one. Haitians one. And unfortunately, you make in Z yet. But your your day is coming in the sunshine. You know what I'm saying? No, they're there. They're days coming. Here's a call from Miami. Hello, when is this? Hello? Yes sir. And we are on high. Just wanted to make some comments on the set of your cruise staff. I think your choice of humor is tasteless and... Yeah. It's just that funny. He's just human idol. He's the queen of South South. I would never make any joke about that person. And I just think his mind is... Why not? Because it's not a funny thing. It's... You know, especially you're not being Cuban, you wouldn't understand. It's just staring up... It's not that great. That's the end of him. Get that bad, yeah. Too bad, because I was going to let you make your point, but then you had to blur it out and meered on the ear, which I'm not putting on the ear. He could have said that. I'd let that go, because the FCC don't speak at a penny. And that's stirring up anything. I'm just... We've had plenty of other people who have died and we've joked about it. I mean, you know, once somebody's dead, it's not going to hurt her feelings anymore. But again, this guy wants to prove... I guess he's upset that the blaster moving had a Cubans on our pool. He wants to boost that up a little bit that quotient on a pool. And I thought you did a good job there, sir. That's a funny word. And it took you blurred to that out. Right. Just stirring up crap and it's tasteless. I mean, think of all the other people who have died, that we've... Well, she was an icon. How about people who are icons in a wikipedia? How about like when Strom Thurmond died? He was an icon in a redneck community. Right. Where'd he text calling, bitch it about that? Oh no. If that's... That's what it was to die. And we were to make fun of him. Sure, sure. You have no problem. Are you comparing... I'll see the crews to Fidel Castro? Just a beard. You know that baby... Wait a minute. That baby blue car that you drive? That baby blue. That baby blue. I mean, real real cautious. Next time George started your car for you. I mean, baby red. Baby red. It's a red car. I get a mirror on a... Baby blue. Oh, it's hard. Baby blue as well. Okay. Drive that right across the bay too. One time I made up. This is what my suggestion is, and do a real fast before your time runs out. You will have a post. Okay. It's taste wise. I'm just having a little bit of fun with it. Okay. That's... That doesn't make sense. Look at this. Here's a horrible story. We could dwell on this all day. Three US soldiers killed an Iraq for the reverence that the insurgency hasn't waned. Three American soldiers were killed today when their convo was hit by gunfire and rocket propelled grenades in northern Iraq. The killings were further signed at an insurgency against American troops is not losing strength as Washington hoped after the deaths Tuesday of Saddam Hussein's son's Uday and Puse. How do you like that? I thought all the problems would be over. Right. Then work. Didn't take the heat off either, W. You watch. His impeachment day has come and you mark my words. Okay. Don't tease. His impeachment day is coming. 1056-560 WQM here's something you ought to be having in your post and that's Oliomid. Oliomid self tells contained the finest olive oil you've ever had in your body. Not just ordinary everyday pedestrian olive oil like no name, but super concentrated loaded with health benefits. Oliomid everyday can't produce diverse of all kinds of nasty things like heart disease, duff and high cholesterol. Plus there are 14 different Oliomid formulas to choose from each one from binding. The finest, the purest, the best olive oil you ever heard of with vitamins, and herbs to support specific parts of your health like your bones, to your blood pressure, your immune system, and lots more. O you do as pick out the formulas that are right for you and what you're trying to goose up a little bit. And now you've got three new Oliomid formulas to help you sleep. But now you can control your weight and self-heat 10 for your heart. Pick some up today at publics, records, Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Nebrows and Sedanos, or order Oliomid online if you like it. Oliomidamerican.com. If you want more info, call them toll free. 166 Oliomid. At 1-866-653-6633 don't forget to like, I knew for better health. Start popping Oliomid in your post everyday. My eye and local. We're sports radio 566-U.A.M. Turn the land to the Pojo Paraca. The door will be empty. The sound of God's calling. The organ begins to go straight. One time I will be the most familiar like J.F.K. Good apport of better play. Earth. If K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.S.F.F.K.F.K.F.L mak'a' liz hits too Goodny. F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.L mak'a' liZens. F.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.K.F.KK.F.K. is every break when we play a comedy bit. It'll be something about somebody who died and American icon or at least supposedly like JFK Jr right don't forget the goodbyes series. We have eight of those along. Never the most of those are making fun of people Most of those are like heart failure all of the song for one. There's another classic. You know in fact that that's the heart of example right there. Okay. I've been ripping Franks and offering ass for as long as I can remember okay could he sing was he gay and pop out a bunch of gangsters who made his career form. That's still in the godfather about him in the Tommy dorsi band. Yes. Now let me ask you this. Who do you think in the in the scheme of things was a greater icon forget about ethic background no quiet in the history of the world. Franks and after or say you're cruise okay Frank. Yeah. Frank is all this long. Coming up soon. See what I'm saying. Sure. We did anybody call all look at all the Franks and after bits that we've got one foot in a grave goodbye. Well blue eyes strange things in my box exactly strange things in his box including a picture of a gorilla face Nobody ever called him made death threats or got all that out of shape. See because generally most people have a sense of humor But when it comes into an ethnic thing. They're like oh my god. You know in fact even with all the black stuff that I play other than that one episode which was by a bunch of outside agitators it had nothing to do with anybody in the community any black people in the esalflor area but other than that we know we don't get complaints about that stuff. Am I right? Yeah well I have a record. I'm a record wait for an icon to die. I see a black icon who would that be how about Sammy Davis Jr. All right. May plenty of Sammy Davis Jr. Joe's any black people offended by that even a black one icon 250 three votes which ethnic religious or racial group is the most overly sensitive blacks 117 Cubans 88 Jews 27 Chinese seven Catholics six Jamaicans got four votes now, mine patience to and red next to finally got a vote. Right. Let's hear it. Red of all for red next Somebody probably from one of those trader parts in Miramar Here's for Lauderdale hello Good morning Neil. What is this hi? I definitely think it's a black That's for sure and then just a just a little thing I like to talk to you about regarding I what's going on in Iwak Are you there? I'm here. I'm guessing the thing that I think the whole thing is a smoke screen what we've been You know going in these countries and growing them up I think what's happening is because the Middle East He hates Israel and we protect Israel I think that's why we went in there because it's not a way of the way. Let's listen to what you just said he hates Israel and we protect Israel Who's he Okay, I'm sorry the president or the you at We so we give them money left right in center The middle because we need this real there for we give them money He's real yeah So that that that's where the problems are stemming from that's why Everybody hates that's in the world offending the US Because we're supporting Israel Because our side we're going to do okay. Thank you Wow was that a great color water Oh, it's speaking of that sound That's one my favorite bits of all time. I love the book of mine Isn't that one of the old upgrades for guttle about that he does some stuff while I see it cuz I'm resurrecting all the stuff that I'm putting in my DCS over 500 bits by the way blah, beiner boy Oh, do I want hell of a job here if you ask me I'm very impressed you ought to be Here's a call from Hollywood online six the magic line hello How I would yeah Yes, sir great I wanted to add the rudder screw for people to your list which would be me and my opinion the Canadian That said and we're not asking who's the rudest okay in addition Which you're talking about French Canadian because it so happens that outside of a Quebec Canadians are probably similar Most polite people on the face of the earth except when they come down here Let me let me see it again except for the French Canadians. He here's another guy another another another We got two in a row people I know I do what they're talking about Bush hates his real so we're giving them all this money. We heard that from the previous guy Because the Middle East is a Cragmire or some crap like that and Jimmy Christ there wasn't in that box And then we got this guy to a tell us that the Canadians are rude I got news for you sir here in Toronto a we got the most polite the most of wonderful people on the face of the globe and don't forget July 30 at the down's view park We got the big Mollson whatever in hell in the name of that is with the stones and everybody else the guess who Who else is gonna be in it rush AC DC just take her power and the bunch of other people and the Iceland brothers was left them I'm July 30. Well you ought to see the they hassle even having here first First the powers that be here the police They started laying down all these rules you can't bring coolers and you can't because they're gonna have like about a half a million people or maybe more Okay, and you can't do this and you can't do that and then of course everybody's starting getting really sour on that and the media started making a big stink about that Well if you know why even bother going if you can't have any fun So they finally backtracked on a lot of that stuff and Then they were trying to say well the stones might actually pull out you know a lot of hype a lot of crap like that now They're saying now they're going so far as to say well we know there's gonna be a lot of people smoking a wacky weed there We're just gonna look the other way I mean it's one thing to do of it's nothing to come out and actually announce it But they might even have concession stands George. Oh guy for weed 560 50 50 50 pound 560 on the AT and T I mean for anybody see again This is all goes based on your life experience the only Canadians the this guy encounters in Florida of course Because that's where all the swill winds up are the French Canadians the The Pepsi suckers So that's all he knows is from the root of not just fat speedow wearing the disgusting grotesque pieces of turd that come to Hollywood and Dania Beach And we're about to their festering We don't allow them here in Ontario, eh I'm telling you I don't have a see any I don't hear anybody speaking French I didn't see any frogs You're processicle Hello, although I will admit that a few days ago here in this building and they don't live here. Thank goodness But they must have been visiting somebody to building because there was a family like in their thirties And you were walking up behind me so I held the doors always been it here. I'm very polite like they are I held the doors. He said mercy and right away. Oh, they hear out of back of my head All six hairs in a back of my head like curl-ups stood up straight mercy mercy Mercy buckets and I thought to myself probably boo if you Here's for a lot of day. Hello Yes, sir Yeah, he may be the longest chronic on your station. Yeah, he is a chronic either We'll be okay. I think he's on the one where the guy yells at the bird remember the guy yelling at the bird I hate you play that and that's not him. Oh, it's not I hate the bird guy Yeah, it sounds just like them If you missed the meal Rogers show yesterday on 16 Wild you missed this as the bird. Yeah Bird how you doing okay? Listen do me a favor play anything because I can't stay listening to you You said I could do you bad Do I just demand they're replay anything? Well can I ask you a question before you go? Oh God you sounds so stupid. I hate to talk to you. Yeah Go ahead. Why did you call me? I didn't call you No, just to tell you not to say anything just play something Oh, God can't stand it. Well, then why are you listening? Play something already. Oh, we got a car here. Hello What a lame way to get out of that call. Yeah, we got a car here by the way. You know where the spirit of the bird is resting and nesting right now No, I don't know That's what I'm hearing the black that's the room around a bird line See I have this this strange thing about death and that is being the heathen that I am once you did your dead forever That's right, you know you just don't exist anymore That's my cousin way of looking at it. You just cease to exist. That's it you ain't here no mole We don't say that what a pleasant thought that is But so so what does it make it the day that I croaked there be people off that God will dance on his grave great have a good time Make it a bother me. I'm gonna be dead I'm gonna be in deed Maybe we'll get a dance floor built over your grave and then and you can play No, we're not actually what we're gonna do what we're gonna do that for you. I'll rent caption in fact to my brain is the one it's gonna like donate the cash to help us Is that that campaign So we can so you can perpetually over your soul in your grave. You can have a sadia cruise haunting you Just like JFK Junior. I make no apologies for the fact we are ripped him and ask first of all come to find out another his wife That she was a psychotic bitch a drug-induced bitch. Yeah, that everybody in that family was screwing around like crazy Which of course is the Kennedy F in way and what the hell did he ever do we start put out a bogus man? Is he never did anything? He was his boring his dog crab man. He had a personality like a dead man He had to invent a job to have something to do even petty fields has a better person Even cat cat hip runners another one Did nice say that I thought she was overrated. She was a good actress, but I thought she was highly overrated and You know we have the Jimmy in the cats and Hepburn bit, which maybe I'll play maybe I won't Anybody ever complain about that? No, I must be an ethic thing And no it bears out exactly what the poll is about today and that is that it I have no room in my life for professional ethics See one thing about me and of course George is a faulty for this because he's got a big hang up with Reekins and some others, but mostly for the Reekins I don't care where you're from I don't care about your family tree about your burning bush I don't care about anything. Otherwise if you're hot, let's do a you know the deed and that's it and have a nice life I don't I don't really care. I don't ask a lot of questions. You know what makes it? Oh different. I think you're part of make that up about the Reekins I make that up you hate part of Reekins. You not the head you know that one day Do you believe this bonehead boy I Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you It was not coming a shortfall on your thing there him or me You know what he says a lot of time He I don't know has been joking around I can's what about Mexicans you understand I say that I'm not one of them None of you but that's all ever said about you say You say that because you consider them to be in that period you're not Chinese If someone were to call you Chinese you'd say father me I'm not Chinese, but you I would mind being Chinese People need to worry I just don't have any I could be Chinese. I have a small penis I qualify for that to had the same argument with them Exactly argument with them. No, why can't you admit that you're big it? I haven't admit that I have problems with different groups of people but what somebody calls me is I don't like humans That's blue crap yeah That's the stereotype. I don't like humans And I'm Tuesday We had Miguel and the vener boy and we got you there. We got three Cubans working on this show the only other people working on this show But I don't like Cubans what kind of crap is that bull crap? I love Cubans man to better they look them or I love them and a more often and that's one thing I do love about them like all other Hispanics If it moves they're ready I'm trying to I wouldn't know well I have in my experience just not like my Jared leader identical twin man I don't I don't I don't want to go in that on here No, you went into it up here. Oh, I went in and I went up in here like scorch scorch man Anyway 14 past eleven we got to big ball game come up anybody interested No, my arms are red hot Free tickets to Atlanta you better hurry though How low can those interest rates possibly go? That's a question that people are asking you going to the shopping mall that's what they're talking about now financial group is doing the limbo rock for you Under the lowest refinance rate you ever heard of in your life 1.95% now you can refinance your homer by new homing give you that super low rate I just mentioned with financial group 1.95% And financing almost unheard of so call tool free and save yourself a crap load a cash call 1.809 for Oland 1.809 for OLE and the you have all kind of cash left over now for extra things like traveling like going to If you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate confident you group tool free at 1.800 940 land and you talk about savings Wait, did you hear this if you have you a $100,000 loan your payments are only 268 a month If you have a 200,000 loan you pay only 736 a month Amazing so call for an edge group today and find out how this can work for you and get you that rate of 1.95% Because interest rates are really at all time lows call financial group tool free 1.809 for Oland and tell that ancient Neotrooted call 1.809 for OLE and the the unequal housing letter credit restrictions apply and rates have to change monthly 5.19 APR 2.00 Ramanjoon Sir from OLEMati O-BRAC Strange things in my box they're crawling around here chewing on my balls This is revenge here yes, I should have been a nicer guy on a man Mimling that my brain are tiny critters I know this for sure This place is a shaker I've done better dives than this Could someone turn on the f***ing light Yes, strange things I have done Or should I say that I have ordered it to be done Like cooling round with people's new caps with a gun Costing skulls for fun Pay it past the time away But look at time to pass away so Though I may be gone I'm not forgotten I'll just decompose and smell kind of rotten I'm just real worm food for strange things in this box It goes the lip or chise saint which is It gets stuck to it I hate what that happened Five past eleven and five sixty just an hour ten minutes away from that Marlon pre-game show How does that Atlanta they deploy to Braves 300 votes on a pool which ethnic religious or racial group is the most overly sensitive Blacks 135 Cubans 109 109 Jews 32 to make in seven Chinese seven Catholic seven patients two red and X one and the Kennedy's don't have any yet But that's right their Irish Catholic Yeah, if you make ends already moved up from zero to seven see how they're climbing steadily up that latter You'll see their local favorite tip they're gonna make a move Here's how in the hell though? Hey, you know how you doing okay, sir You know how how do you deal with these idiotic collars that call you with this you know My life is garbage really easy. You know how I deal with it because I know that tomorrow's the 25th of the month You know what that means for me what's that payday Oh, I care about me. Oh my god no one here in Toronto. I want to go up there too Yeah polite people friendly very nice. You know place if you don't have you know or not see government telling us what to do You guys either these Don't humans or dump Puerto Ricans or dump somebody telling us What the goddamn dude oh listen you can only vote once now. I don't want to get you carry it away I already voted black. I know what you I like that You know You don't hear the dudes running around complaining about stuff. We just handle our business and we do what we got to do I hear play you juice complain. I've been talking to juice complaining for a thomas 30 years now So don't tell me that you just stay out of there. Well you're an and you're an hell in bail You don't have to do this and play Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, stay out of hell in bail How great they fell happy surface. Okay. I would say it's like the Cubans Everybody else the Chinese and you bearish. Okay. Well he's entitled Here's pepper pines. Hello You know I like show your coups Well at least he embellished it a little bit that was good. Huh a little bit of a wind up there. No that was excellent That was almost as entertaining as Yeah, well we got to speed up the show today boys. We only got a two and a half hour show And don't forget to rate these come out of one o'clock to spring book Which I know a lot of you don't care about that, but everybody in the business cares for all my pizons and a business We apologize for a few sleigh For that stupid baseball game beyond it so clearance again can't get anything straight enough. Can't do it right So we'll have to do 10 o'clock tomorrow morning. You need to hold report it'll be probably a little bit anti-climactic wouldn't you think? No, what do you say that? I mean all of there are a lot of stations where they don't tell there the paid help what the numbers are But we don't play that game here with the good bad or indifferent we uh, there they are we lemrit out on you So you're gonna be round at one o'clock to receive them or you're just gonna let them load up while you're off at lunch or something No, I'm gonna be here You think I would miss that? Well, what happened if the day I had a paper jam? Oh, it's good point. You know how many pages are gonna come poor and you know oh and by the way, let me I don't want to let's do this on the year Okay Because there's no need for them to send me all out of the crap that I don't want 18 to 34 I have no interest in 18 to 34. Oh no again. I better have that for uh, yeah for power and for uh, no and for And for the parties over station right So like I said 18 to 34 is okay. I don't want with all the respect my close personal friend Eddie Kay. I don't want the 7th of midday. I don't want weekends I don't want uh, I want men 25 to 54 Men 18 plus You're writing these down. Yep. Because they're always asking me what I want And uh, 18 plus I want men 18 to 25 and What's the other thing with an 18 to 34 men? You want 12 plus and 12 plus that's it just those fourth thing not all those 85 Many other pages that just waste a lot of we have to cut down a whole bunch of oak trees up here a and we're not too happy about it So don't be wasting all my fast paper Just send me this stuff that I need and we can talk about tomorrow and then we can rent your hands as energy It makes much excuses up make up some story bling for everybody's got it. Yeah, hey for real And if it's good we'll give you all the credit if it's bad. Oh, just wait baby Here's Miami hello Yeah, sir. Since we're so epic and intensive today. Do you have any idea what the problem between the Cuban American National Foundation and Lincoln views for life Been going on because all I know as I saw something yesterday We can be as the large bitch and out the guy that's the president of that foundation They were going back and forth about pushes policy For immigration or something like that. They were really going at it So you can find something out and one more thing like favorite song for Celia Cruz is Caraborina your thing local Caraborina That was that was brutal. I'm gonna die Come on say one more time one more refrain for the West One time for April cities What type of sweet water and environment? You can put the middle You're well a push one time She said it again. I never heard of her dad never heard her name before she died last week. That even girl face Not even that but Now that I'm so I'm listening to this with an open mind You know because I otherwise I would have just said to hell with it I'm listening to it and she does sound like a guy Oh, she just said she the sincere man and that she's a drag queen So let's hear it for the Cuban community and their favorite drag queen. Oh, hey, yeah Cruz I mean that is I don't want to drag that aspect of it anyway Let's see the black Scott 146 Cubans 115 can't get to Dark folks man. That's the gets because they were that's why they were so fast You do understand that that's why the black athletes can run faster and light lightning no I didn't know that it had a lot of practice They had the need throughout history to run like a son of a bitch Last 146 Cubans 115 237 to make coolers of the eight they're inching up Chinese seven and which they were inching up Catholic seven patience of peer and red legs still have only one out of 323 votes Pretty damn impressive if you asked me well see where we're trying to condense everything down because that damn ballgame the audiences That too 27 after level at 560 WCM Instead of taking dangerous drugs to try to grow her instead of putting a dead animal on your head like a dead old cool on your head Here's the deal and that's the natural hairline system from my close personal buddy Charles Alphiiri It's the most amazing natural hairline system ever invented which is why even a millionaires and billionaires go see Charlie because for no price in a world Can you get your hair looking better? So if you have that nasty male pattern ball does that's hit you and you have a big gigantic shiny ball spot Right now is the good time to check this up because Charlie's offering his summer special Her system the natural hairline system is only 549 bucks for first time customers right now and if you're already having her system You can save yourself 50% on service and repair of all types of air system including shampoo and trim Believe me what I tell you those of us who work at QAM know that if you have a really silly animal Don on your head and you walk around looking like you leave the house in a morning looking like that with your check-in pants and your dead rat coon Falling off the side of your forehead people laughed their ass off at you so the choice is yours If you want to look younger and better than you have in years in a rat coon zage and call Chuck Alfie or we have not a lose But the ball spot because here's the guarantee from Charlie if you try one of his hair systems for 30 days Or a lot the way it looks and feels and smells we turn it get your money back So what he got to lose beside the shiny ball spot call Charles Alfie or he two day and look fantastic call 1 800 3 21 24 13 that's 1 800 3 to 1 24 13 or check out his website Charles Alfie or he dot com Wait a-wait That was thing of wait too long Like your career, a fell upon and ran And you wanted to fly like Rocky Mountain Eye In a plane with this seaweed What happened, say, but to take the country road instead And some giant ones aren't your shelter When you walk early, your senses still don't be more The country board was deep Good night, John, there's no, thank God I thought of A triple who writes all about his good As he can fly a plane All your songs were made But you made money Yet you tried to act like a downhole country To appealed to those with no brave And you wanted to fly like Rocky Mountain Eye In a plane with this seaweed What happened, say, but to take the country road instead And some giant ones aren't your shelter When you walk early, your senses still don't be more Our tree falls in one day Our thunder fans, we invite you to call in and belly Now, would a fact we're making fun of John Denver Chris's body even warming him up, but nonetheless How dare you make fun of John Denver Especially somebody like George who is looking for that country Feaver morning high, what are any kind of high? Rocky Mountain Eye That's the one 147 volatts, redneck's two, Haitians three, Catholic seven, Chinese seven Jamaica and Zeta, I thought they were moving up For the east side, 241 Cubans 125, last 154 Most overly sensitive racial ethical religious group This thing I know is from now Did you talk about this at length or not at all about the report We had an iron website, thanks to Bonerboy But more than a thousand victims of abuse in Boston art sticies Right, we mentioned it and pointed them to the website Over six decades, likely more than a thousand people were molested By Roman Catholic priest and church workers While leaders in the Boston art sticies engage in a massive and Excusible failure to do anything about it The mass attorney general said in the report Wednesday That outlines the results of a lengthy criminal investigation Whether this is the part I like the best The sentence Whether considering the number of victims of the number of accused priest The magnitude of the art sticies history of clergy's sexual abuse Of children is staggering Mass attorney general Tom Riley said in his report The misprimeative children was so massive and so prolonged that it borders on the un-vealivable The way you said, how do you like that? For those people who have tried to come up with that well So I saladed incident and he was just making it up And most priests are really good priest and yari yari Yeah, right, that's a one little area Yeah, right Starting at about the Los Angeles and moving around from a to Boston Everywhere in between and then over like to the Middle East and the Uranus One little area called the earth I just mentioned that in passing father per noya 560, 50560 pound five60 on a we are really said yeah Intensive today because we want to you know honor this fine lady For the terrific work that she did for the importance that she the greatest theme See the fact that she was held in such great esteem tells me again that those domino players don't airman They're tastes in their tukels, you know, yeah, man What do they vote for bush? Here's a call from Boka hello Morning, you're a doin? Okay, sir What is a what does Moe mean by your type smoking guy with no life? What exactly does that mean? That guy's like so bitter Yeah I've never seen that show you're cruising a And with his own I always like a call where the guy's like he's asking rhetorical questions He's just flirting and spurting and the you know go spurts somewhere else Squirtch court maybe you can a lop with moe Okay, and give him some new checkered pants And by the way, he made some crack when he did the cross over with for well About the you know, he wishes I had a pair of plants with a pants with a pleat in him First of all, these might be a crease a crease a pleat whatever a crease yeah At least I don't have a crease or a pleat in my head Or did animal on it or checkered pants It was a moe for anybody to be talking about fashion plates you are not the one Absolutely Here's a call from Papino hello Hey there Yes sir Definitely Jews and Black And then I disagree with your collar there about Canadians Yeah Fairly nice But there's a Canadian left They're uh Trado and Canada's all Jamaican Indian Pakistani Chinese You know it's See I see but you know No you don't understand Toronto is a To you don't understand Toronto is a multicultural city but they're all Canadians Mmm Not necessarily they keep their heritage I just have my family all around And I was a little bit more It's all Chinese they've been trying to find that's not Canadians me Have you ever been in LA in the last few years? I know I have it Well you were your fine Korean and the Vietnamese and Chinese signs all over the city in LA Now that that's what a multicultural city is all about Nice to understand that but they're in Canada I'm just I'm talking for the whole restaurant on the whole It's uh It's not Canadian What's the Canadian any more? Canadian is somebody who lives here who's a Canadian citizen That's what it is no matter where they're from See you're missing a point these people will understand I mean what's an American? Right What is an American? I mean a Native American is an Indian You know you can go play the iscentral bingo That's an Native Americans everybody else is like from someplace else That's why I keep saying the thing with the labels It makes me want a bar, okay? Listen I live part of the year right here In a great city where the people of five minute people they generally get along We don't have any getos I mean there's some neighborhoods that aren't as good as others but we don't have any getos And of course a lot of the violent crime Because increasing is thanks to guns being in smuggled across the border Mostly from Detroit I'm not getting a one-at-think thing about it But you can just use your imagination That's where most of the The drug crime is coming from which is just a fraction of what it Remember the story I had that day about Detroit and Windsor? No about all the differences the differences between the stats There are people killed by guns and Detroit Windsor Which are right across the ambassador bridge right across the border And they adjusted the stats you know for population Obviously the threats much bigger than Windsor But I mean it was staggering It was just unbelievable And the reason that more people are here to get killed by guns here is because most people don't have a name Most people don't want them a I just mentioned emphasis especially as compared to America or now there are as many guns as there are people It's about 280 million people and there's 280 million guns Well, very time I'll just go in New York yesterday. Nobody's talking about that. I noticed right See that's a new deal in American politics if you can't beat them Shoot them Yeah, this guy was going to run for office against this New York guy and he'd you know If you're good, this is an easier way I just eliminated. That's like the good old days of politics I was just getting your grips in there 20. That was getting choked up about for Syria One banana man I don't want to make fun of her Well sure I do but no, but I mean why would anybody get so emotional about something But you understand what you were seeing stop at the chupacabra and all the other bull crap Okay, and this just be a person. That's my best. I know it's not going to work It's my best suggestion the professional Catholics and professional Jews and professional Cuban I have no woman my life right. It makes me gag professional fag. It's the same thing You know Like that fruit fly out of the front desk there are you know freaky Carlos. There's a professional fruit fly I don't want to be associated with that With it whatever it is or whatever it thinks it is today Kuchi Kuchi. I know what's there's in Luchi. I mean get out of my face Poodle when I come back to town. I'm gonna you're like a mole mask or something So I want to leave the studio. That's just a lot of leave the studio I want to be costed by some screaming faggy queen out there in a lobby That's a good idea I want to be involved with that thing. Okay, and that's a professional faggot Anyway, I'm 41 or 560 WCM. They wouldn't get a bring them up here and get a married off to somebody I can't imagine what Hey, if you're on the Atkins when you have a low carb sugar free diet You need to know that the lights of my spoke is the number one low carb store in the entire universe With over 900 low carb sugar free products are going to have lots on the shelves to keep you satisfied And happy and stay on the straight narrow path and the lights of my spoke is introducing great new products every month This month is no exception. Be sure and try the new low carb instant cup of soup. What do you do is add water pop it in the microwave or low carb cup in a meal Check out this sinfully delicious low carb muffins for quick breakfast Your individual size cheesecake almond snack cakes the blindes are in six different flavors now The at last brand chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars something long overdue because they have no Multitale so you won't be as spending all day on a pot Copyright ready drink chocolate vanilla shakes those are low carb meals in a can duties low carb peanut brittle Let's say I do that every time don't I every time Brittle it is it's on reliable But liberal but I got low carb pasta sauces dressing chips chocolates in their famous carmelite I can really do that is because in my sugar shock starts picking it. I haven't had prenapping a prenapping Say I can't say I can't say peanut brittle because it just doesn't put me over the edge Don't say peanut brittle that would do a penis brittle. I'll put me right over the edge is your penis brittle no Supple anyway come in and try them all and the likes of West book answer got all the atkins friends products on sale for you all day Every day they're open daily 10 to 10 and they're on the Northeast corner of blazing 441 Next to Boston Market tight goodness nowhere near where molos column 23 at 1 877 low carb or chef among the web at low carb.com Don't forget the likes of West book would definitely be your official atkins retail You Phidians done after if you like on American Idol then you love the TD talent hunt for those winning to sell their sold if they are star it's Sakey Idol You're not gonna punch down the ball down and worship me Second Idol if you thought Simon Cow was evil he's nothing compared to the Prince of Darkness That was a little wired Which is the also close star you never have a beer star Find out those winning to make a deal with a devil for Stardom fame and fortune tell this Satan's Idol you'll be And the video Lumber 47 at 560 WQ I think maybe I phrase my question wrong. They maybe a better question would have been instead of who's most the overly sensitive Which group is most emotional Because I think that's really the key to this whole silly a cruise his stereo and South Florida is the hysteria She's like their Connie in a godfather. She's hysterical That's enough sweetheart put the lid on it on the box 170 free say blacks are the ethnic religious or racial group that are most overly sensitive I don't know how you can say that well, I mean if this certain things certain things right We've got to Jesse Jackson's popping up any out sharpens and making things in a more racial issue that really are and things like that Everybody's got their certain things but generally speak and I don't think you're average your Schwarzier I mean a black person is like all that Cubans 132 they got my vote because after a sping all these years in South Florida can there be any doubt? No, now you voted for blacks Me, yeah, I voted for Irish Also, in the words you're not saying I voted for blacks. How could you do that? Oh, Jay think of the things that have come up not necessarily here locally, which I see your point, but just overall But I don't think sensitive is that that's You can't say think of current events maybe recently on the show concerning bits and things like that But I already made reference to that that was our listening audience that was outside Agitated right I'm being all encompassing as opposed to local. No, no, okay, well, whatever And addition which that was all foamated by a bunch of Lily white right wing assholes to who I understand that as black as you and I are well Me anyway 175 Cubans 132 Jews 50 Jamaicans nine scenes are moving up very slowly but surely they creep in on you Those Jamaicans Catholic say Chinese seven Haitians format X2 It's amazing the Catholics only have eight because all this fewer in history especially in the wake of that Boston archdiocese report About all they're picking on a Catholics again, and there we go that one guy what does that guy William Randolph first? No, no, you know, that's interesting. That's a good movie. What does it catch me out? Yeah And this a good movie about William Randolph first and the story goes in according to a lore that he shot and killed this guy because he thought the guy It was Charlie Chaplin turned out a wasn't Charlie Chaplin was this other director who's lore and why is he telling stories? Why he said the story according to lore Anyway, see everything to like throw me off because he was on a dottering old man I didn't know what that was thought about it But anyway, so he shot and killed this guy because he thought he was a Charlie Chaplin He who's making a play for his young wife Where did my dog first on his on his cruise? On celicru He's a What's happening? He's not Charlie Chaplin was hopping on celicru And so he turned out it was this other guy It's a good movie the cats me out anyway So what was that talk about be just before that when you ran up first? No before William Rand was trying to say somebody else and you come up with where you were Oh William the guy the cat like guy William he's from the cat like league or something like that I don't know Donna Donna you oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm talking about I'm even gonna you as opposed to Phil No, William Donna here right and he is the most rabbit. I mean seriously, if anybody's got rabbit Oh, yeah, I'm sure that he's not is foaming it to my mouth I'm just crazy person if you say in position or torque him out of he says you're anti-castle bash here Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. I guess hi. Hawaii. Good. Hawaii. I find thank you Yes, I'm coming you in the first time that I call I believe me. You're not gonna get rating from my call You're still always prefer person for somebody who just die and talk like that for somebody Somebody Celia Cruz. How can you be like that? Somebody who just died Yeah, yeah, why don't you call me by Franks and I didn't die too long ago Did you call me about him or make you a friend? I wasn't born at the time you already have you had a pizza shit. I'm gonna Yeah, we got a dump another one Did you dump it? Yeah, I think did you sure I think she said it with a sea ache though Yeah, I think see there you go again here we get more hate and of course we never hear from any of those people that are calling out just like during the alien days People already know supposed to be listening out there if you ask them but don't all right you are a pizza cheat and whatever She said yeah She music that was you trying to buy right she wasn't born during Franks and after days Excuse me Really, I know to the my mom. Yeah, who'd allow you kidding Chikita? We're gonna send you a soft to Did you call her Chikita? Yeah, Chikita. Oh, she's dancing. She took the cheek or asked the ass is Jennifer would say five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on you here's another lady I mean hopefully a little better than that one hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, how are you? I'm very well. I'm very much enjoying your show That's fine. I'm partake of it. Let you know four mentioning that I can encircle three of those blocks on Cuban I'm Catholic and I have some black blood. All right, all right. I can cook too. Help. Listen, I just want to let you know that I think Personally the most in my experience most a really sensitive group would be the truth But then again, they're also the lady. There are the most overly judgemental because they've been pursued and prosecuted for so long They they've earned the right to be overly sensitive Oh, you know who I left off of there. I left Gaze off my list. How could I do that? Oh my god How could you do that? You know who you know who else you left off that list? Yeah, oh They're not sensitive. They're not they're used to with them a condition That's what I say but I just wanted to share that with you and let you know that if the Jews win You know what they've earned the right to win hey, man, you know they've gone through too much and they've you know come ahead and they've shown us all a lot Nothing like a head. Okay. Have a happy tissue both. Oh You too. You're fair now. Bye-bye YouTube Get Gaze on here. Right away. How could I leave off Gaze? I mean what are my huh? How to slide out of mind? You're gay I guess you forgot where I am 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and rise everybody quit being so professional fill in the blank okay That's the main thing that's right be quit being a professional fill it in All the goddamn labels everybody's gonna have labels. We got designer labels. We got ethnic labels. We got Religion man the greatest breeder of hate the history of the human race The other ones you're a little bit more obvious okay, you know where we your skin is this color It's yellow it's black it's beige it's a pink whatever it is it's purple but the other ones are like self imposed All these freaking religious labels all these garbage and oh the god squad the Jesus Christers the Moses The Moshe purpose all of these people all of the above Here's a call from Bokin hello Yeah, this is Josh I was just calling the P if uh more people were at her funeral Then uh at any of her concerts and just for the record I'm complain about Frank's not sure Okay, thank you so much. There's our first complaint about Frank's not your all right Good that's evening things out now a little bit now we got about 20,000 more to go We'll be even yeah, we had a couple of crotchety old parts that that was all They did yeah, call them picked on me because it was making fun of Frank's like that He couldn't sing as well. I'm a paper sack, okay Agreed the only man in history who talked to a song never sang a no just used to talk Granger's in there everything new york new york He just talked along you know, it kind of like a little bit a little bit of little in the voice and that was it kind of like Like that thank you ever see them together. Oh rest my case same person All or she was a lot more much of than Frank who's kind of like a little weasley guy Well, I was kind of somebody else beat in the crap out of everybody forum, you know Unless you got into a good drunk But yeah, well, what was the book that I read? I one of the biography so that man He was a nasty snobby little temperamental drunk to mean Prick is what he wants yeah, but then according he had the right kind of friends He could afford to be like that if you catch my drift 5 6 7 0 5 6 to get jaz on it list right away rhymes with gay come on Eric get with it get us fags on there 4 minutes to noon. I feel like we're being cheated today. Oh, you Well, no you don't because you try to be cooperated from your illness be never he don't give a crap because he's he's probably got another appointment with the ticket defense team Oh, maybe's gonna pummel with the rental car guy to see if he's gonna pay the 500 bus that he owes because he didn't have insurance to cover his rental car While his baby blue was being fixed it's a long list This guy got stories He got story This is the only guy in the world who could go to the bathroom to take a dump and come back ten minutes later and have like a 400 page booky could write about the experience and help back them over the enemy Wow, I need to go straight You need a ghost When the time comes to have your carpets clean and look in just like brand new you should know by now the best in the universe I've been using for over 20 years dry concepts over the years. They've done an unbelievable job Not just for me, but just about everybody. I know my relatives my enemies my friends Dry concepts are the number one carpet cleaning company for over 20 years because of the only people that do that exclusive pet in the deal Where they really dry clean your carpets same deal that they do on your clothing and I drive concepts Arf is you an opportunity to say 15% on your next carpet cleaning just call them toll free at the usual number 1-800-248-5071 and ask to be put on their stand by list and then drug concepts will cut in this time Have an opening in this schedule just like when you fly stand by if you're available when they have an opening They'll knock 15% off the regular price So now's a smart time to do it don't wait till next spring or any other time called dry concepts today Ask to be put on their stand by list. They might even have an opening for the verse same day You call and do the job pronto. They always do is to pen this job and I can say 15% off the regular price They give you a written guaranteed price up front your carpets are dry and just a couple of hours. No, I'm lemony fresh You'll be amazed at these spectacular job They do for you call them today do yourself a favor call dry concepts 1-800-248-507-Monarchekamon-a-webid-dryconcepts.com I am frao iliana Lateman and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla asks with soap made from jewels and listening to the new Okay, I'm gonna use the hour All the white folks hate the black folks and the black folks hate the white folks to hate all but the right folks Isn't all this that wish to rule about your National brother to eat national brother to eat lean a horn and share it far Nardancing cheap to chicken But to utilize the people you despise as long as you don't let them in your school Oh The poor folks hate the rich folks and the rich folks hate the poor folks all of my folks hate all of your folks It's American as apple pie but you ain't National brother who eat National brother who eat New Yorkers love the quest or Recon's cause is very chic Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand you can tolerate him if you try All the Protestants hate the Catholics and the Catholics hate the Protestants and the Hindus hate the Muslims and everybody hates the Jews Balls National brother National brother who eat National everyone smile as one and nothing to eat Be nice to people who are inferior to you It's only four o' weeks though. Have no fear Big grateful that it doesn't last all year Come on in five 60 WC. It's our big new to one half hour 436 votes on this pool blacks 197 overly sensitive group humans 146 Jews 60 Do you make in 10 you see how very quietly and how they sneak it up the ladder? Yeah 10 Catholics nine Chinese still with seven Haitians for red next two and gays just went on and everybody got one All right, let's hear it for them. Gays. Okay 567.05 65 See when somebody look at me somebody knew to make conversation you might say well, where are you from you know my any New York but I know but when you start saying like well, where are your people from? Right, where are your people from? Yeah, well, what's your Family tree They know that person who's asking those questions is a big and you'll understand that the first tip off anybody who cares about crap like What are you from right so being a boy where you're from? hunger Here's a call from four lauderdale. Hello. Hey there. Yes, sir Oh, I'm away from the truck you forgot the machine the tunnel you said the ambassador bridge Okay, come over the bridge wide and sinkers swim and I'd rather sit with a table of tunes on a table of guinea ds Okay, great 567.0560 pound 560 on the 18th Verizon I guess he won't be that the forge any time soon. No Go back to Detroit, okay, paly Here's a call from four peers, hello Neil. Yes, sir In listen you must out on the best one the most sensitive role. Yes. Yeah the bush myster lovers The Republicans Okay 567.0560 pound 560 on the 18th in Verizon wireless line to every got that ball game in 1230. You know it Yeah, damn Here's a lady in four lauderdale. Hello Hello, Neil. Yes, man. Hi. I often listen to you About to honor you know I lived in Toronto as a girl in the 50th to three Have some very good Canadian friends. So I moved to New York because I was offered a job and I had romantic interest and so on But you know that it's amazing this Ethnic population change in our lifestyle, you know When I lived there there wasn't a single Chinese or Chinese restaurant That wasn't a single black you know and And the minority groups then were friends and serves Eastern Europeans you know Dutch Okay, you know it was a very very nice place, but I think a lot of this change in population It's due to the fact a lot of these people come from what was formally the British empire You know on coms Singapore and Jamaica I mean they've all made enormous changes and moved around That's of my native country in the you know panese large population some Jamaicans and Pakistanis But I wanted to ask you to Toronto still have a messy hall. I have no idea because it used to have symphony concerts You know after the Canadian Massay But I do remember there was always a large Jewish population is holy Oh Oh I have no idea Anyway, we got to Toronto I lived there as I say before they even sort of a subway Does the I guess the cable curves don't run up and down young and basically There's still some cable cars around is still a few of them just a little crazy Well anyway, and I never had a senior cruise until this week Well you weren't listening much have a nice day Thank you so much 560 pound 560 on the eighth It's an elite that is an elite that is a football It's a lot of a hint they love a man Not that is not senior cruise is it please for us it is? No, that was a set of cruise Yeah Yeah I will film the show you could Not a boy The pleasure of being a Brain wise Not a net From the first word now seriously if that's how it's like a guy Huh? I mean I was very intempative to be calling her guerrilla push. I thought that was kind of tasteless Wait at least another week or two you know But that that sounds like a guy guy with a dress Don't sound too defined to me some are like the Andy divine Probably seven months through some more old Toronto trivia. Oh, I'm sorry not You know every week have the customers at Dalamaque sir repeat and referral customers because they know That 1-800 mattresses got the best brands of discount prices every day of your life without any the hassles of showroom shopping Without the rip-offs too and they know what real customer services all about because nobody beats down mattress Direct number one no-vorks satisfaction in the universe 1-800 mattress has delivery down to a science You get to pick delivery date and time to fit your schedule you get into our windows You're not sitting home all day when other words they'll be there when it's convenient for you and speaking of that Dalamaque delivers evenings weekends even on a holidays It's easy to see that once people try via mattress and battle mattress They would never dream ago and back to the old showroom slup and again The lovely Miguel recently called 1-800 mattress MATTRES and got the world treatment in fact it was such a great mattress his wife guy his fiance What is his wife to be got pregnant no time at all? They were right on time. I said it up to her. I guess his wife should have been on time too, you know Set it up took out the old bed for free the works and for our new high-end shoppers Dalamaque says a full selection of the finest beds available anywhere like the silly crown jewel Sort of perfect night you're a good one to laugh by the way Send us world class and Kingcrawl perfect contour Dalamaque is also as temp her pitted the famous Swedish full matrices So I'll wait another minute pick up that instrument right now and call my good personal friends 1-800 mattress right now 1-800-MATTRES will be there in no time at all not gonna hang your door and guarantee you a great night sleep Or check them on the web if you like it mattress dot com Over that oh, yeah, we have to like good. I know but I network stuff here We have to word police watching and listen to every freaking word as long as it's an English Right and by the way, I get the most sensitive people Clearly to me is gotta be I just have cubeens is in there, but any any Latin population There's their the most sensitive by far in a way really? Absolutely even spanned even spanned yours Yeah, next it comes Absolutely yeah, I don't think so well, they may have a great day spanned your G.Y Oh, I must that that is spanned here to make God the guy will buy that proves it to me. Okay. I'm convinced. Oh trust me Yeah, I don't know number one. I don't trust you number two. You're full of crap Nothing spanned yours are uptight about Any of that stuff. I don't know what you're talking about Maybe it's just a football thing That's football or the you football right if if you TBOL football Sister stuff 5605 and in fact the only violence that goes on in that kind of football is in the stands at every game a bloodshed and murder on the highways and byways on a way to and from and during the game 457 votes blacks to 08 humans 153 the which ethnic religious or racial group is the most overly sensitive Blacks to 08 humans 153 used this D2 Catholics 10 Jamaicans 10 See they already caught up to the Catholics Chinese still with a same 7 phony votes Haitians four red next two and gaze level a one We still have only one fat wall a one vote for gaze Now how come you got 75 stars on this call here's a call from medley which could be a short one hello Midley yeah, are you gone right for new Here's a call from a halloween deal, huh? Yes, sir. Hi How are you all right how are you great? I wanted to talk via a take issue with what you said about Frank Sinatra yeah You say Frank Sinatra sounded like he was talking when he was singing you couldn't sing for crap That's good. Well the reason the reason that he sounded like he was talking when he was singing is because you understood every word he said now like other thing is that when you had when he sing you could look at any other Single list or whole song at the end of the song you won't be sure of a few words. They said it with Frank Sinatra saying you understood Yeah, I still think he couldn't sing for crap as my opinion And I mean what's it we can argue it until midnight. I think he's stunk Well, it's not a question argument to the Frank Sinatra's the greatest thing that ever lived when he said you could understand Every word he said you can understand you can understand every word that I'm saying right now to including the by that does man I'm a great singer does it. No. Can you understand what I'm saying? Yeah, I understand you Learn that slow down a little bit Because like he called them I'm a repartent sure glad he called yeah not another old fart Another old me or far you could understand it and and he wouldn't respond to the fact that I say he couldn't sing That's not important you could just understand every word When victim victim all saying you could understand every word when L Martino sings you can understand every word In fact, I'd rather hear L Martino sing you know when Lou Reed sang you think who also now did everything you could Understand every word well Martino what was in the godfather Yeah, yeah, I could even say I'm a slut I understand everything he just said it only come a great singer doesn't know oh, he might have been my been an opera singer What the how kind of crap is that see that said old? I mean the fossilized crap making excuses You could understand every so what you just a brainwash guy for another generation. That's all pal. It said Brainwash by the mob And it's true a lot of the people that they put over in Vegas and not gonna mention no names besides the doctor because he's dead We can always pick on people or dead, but I mean those people that were a headlining in Vegas and thank you remember the scene with the inderagous When you were talking about Michael was talking about Martino We'd like to have your godfather were like anything for my godfather Mike We know that convince you have some of your friends and show business come once you twice a year and entertain your laws Vegas no problem Which is why a lot of those people I don't want to mention a names Flog the scene how about your pardon because they might be listening they might be listening and we want to mention most name because you know the problem with him No, what even although the rumor is that he claims he hasn't listened to the show in two years Number one he has been in a market for two years and number two we know For damn sure that he listens constantly because he's always quoting I'm listening. Yeah, we know Fony below me probably got a Sony walk man out there on the links probably playing golf in a rain Too stupid. I can you imagine what that piece looks like after being out there playing golf in a rain? Oh no, what wow Probably got to put that damn thing in the dryer for six hours and the piece too 12 19 at five 60 WQM if you want to see the best in horse race Sommel casting that hold head over to pop in a park harness racing track Pump in a park is open every day seven nights a week featuring the best in harness door bread and highlight action From all across North America for you to watch and wait you on plunger guts out and general parking in the missions always free I'm Friday and Saturday nights the fourth floor players languages open featuring a full special course in a package For only five 95 and you're a funnier free sitting hundreds of TVs to be your favorite track from or you can get yourself a private box with your own TV monitor For just doing a half bucks and it's all done in a smoke free environment Coming up this weekend is the second biggest day of harness racing in the world at the middle-ans race track Saturday you'll see the elimination racians for the million dollar Hamiltonian truck Plus the $400,000 final the West Pacing Championship That's all happening this Saturday you can watch and plunger guts at Pompino Park as Papa de Hardes on a block south of the Miami Boulevard on Powerline Road Col 9 5 4 9 7 2 2 1st of the daily Sommel casting scheduler go on web at pompinopark dot com Pompino park horse power you can plunge your lungs off 4 30 56 2 and 2 a m One foot in the grave They say that I have no chance to be saved and see the light now I'll be checking out If all the nights Loves me to understand every reason wow a champion of the board The line wasn't closing very soon. I'll be decomposing Samian So I will be with you See the white noise with any chemistry Wait, it has no feeling nice one foot in that grave Well, I want some one for Barbara. I've got one foot in the grave See full awe surprise that I am still alive In 95 I don't think I'll sing today my life is fading far away Whoa The night Is surprising did nothing I see That's summarizing Not back for a guy who's one foot in the grave Cool lady Nelson Middle and the Nelson Middle Nelson is he dead Here That's for the am sure top but I can understand every day. I'm pretty sad Yeah, so I'll 25 at 5 60 WKM now we got the Marlins and a graves cone up in five minutes Don't forget movie important day. We got the rating scum on I want to clock the spring rating book and of course You won't read in times Rick is calm his excuse being that well he's in now Hollywood again being wine and dying and Shmoose writing those boring boring pieces about the fall Hollywood shows every day the TV shows So it'll be his latest excuse for not covering radio in a market which he doesn't do you all read in Kevin Baxter's column and here because he's busy being a sports expert now And you won't read it any place else probably in the newspaper said maybe a 12 plus number that doesn't mean anything So tomorrow morning at 10 we're gonna like dissect these numbers and we're like gonna we're do mall And if you realize to me maybe we'll like spend a whole hour like just reading numbers Like 1.2 and 3.7 and the big oh like Fox Sports had last month That's pretty good nice god piny vulture man and that comes right on the heels of David Ross and it's stupid comment about Wow, we found a niche for another sports station in the market. They got him whatever the hell was he said? Yeah, we found a niche for nobody listen to I thought it Yeah, the it's is probably on his right now or maybe that's most problem. He's got an itch on his ass See people think he's picking his ass maybe his ass itches Could be if his goat or always itch and maybe he's got because I understand him when you get in 90s Sometimes it's a crotch rot is inevitable as long as things become Roger, I'd like you Hey, that'll get it out of your system anyway What a put you in a better mood before the weekend yes? Apparently prison planet calm somebody's either attacking it or they've taken it down or Something's wrong with it. Why is that because prison planet calm? I've been trying to get on their all data Get that story on and prison planet calm is that coming up on any computer Huh the whole site seems to be on I don't worry that last night and today it's it's impossible I mean I'd be surprised if you can get to just ww the prison planet got that calm right now Can't do it. I'm just clicking I just clicked it on our thing there on our page. Yeah, it's not it's not going anywhere Then how do you like that? Yep Well, you know they put a lot of very some versus stories on there a lot of stories that el cover meant they don't turn too crazy about it That when I say you today That was pretty subversive stuff. We don't want to have that people me. Oh, yeah, that was it was Dr. Kelly Vince Foster that was the story about what happened to Dr. David Kelly in the UK Allegedly committed suicide that's a very important article in addition to which it's got a whole list in there of all the yeah That's probably why it disappeared. Yep. It's got a list of all these biological experts The top microbiologist in the world are dying and it's got like a dozen of them who died on a very serious Mysterious mysterious circumstances in last year and a half you know it's cool. I'm gonna scan this and I'm gonna put a copy on there Well, you better watch it now we don't want to sit don't do that because then our website will go down Yeah, good for not that we want to be a whos is about it But we'd like to eat the website going so just use your judgment. Otherwise don't do it. You jackass sure Now he's gonna he's gonna show them a thing or so as I was starting to say before was so we're gonna be interrupted with that whatever that was We got the marlins and the meds coming up and they are brave so the hell they're playing nobody cares And so a 10 o'clock tomorrow will do this reading thing. I don't want to put a lot of pressure on for hell But the pressure it's all you maybe it's all you okay? I'm passing the I'm passing the One the baton but in his capable in coherent hands passing the horn in the passing one in his hand Oh, no God forbid a motor one look go a one That's his a medley of his car We got the ball game come out of the 12th release. We always go into a drama music, all right? Fine do it what better could we do then some music out from our favorite Say a crew singing line Come on, I'm not one go more you're buddy to modern all oh It really is come on you can go My Oppa Yeah Experience Oh I'm EXCLE I think this software is a free version