Cry, go in where's the... All right. On the first day of Hanukkah, my parents gave to me. A picture of my bad, at first night. On the second day of Hanukkah, my parents gave to me. Two staking drapels in the picture of my bad, at first night. All right. On the third day of Hanukkah, my parents gave to me. Three of my shirts, two staking drapels in the picture of my bad, and so why? What's that weird thing on the head? That's your face. On the fourth day of Hanukkah. Hanukkah. That's cool. My parents gave to me. One of the kosher candidates, three of the shirts, two staking drapels in the picture of my bad, single drapels on. No. Shaking drapels in the picture of my bad, and when the one is lodging, I'll throw the thing away. On the fifth day of Hanukkah, my parents yelled at me. One tick on Chris, one stripper. What's your name, you've got one? Maybe Jimmy's Catholic. And not wasn't candy. Not wasn't Rachel's. Or a picture of my bad, and for me. Oh man. On the same day of Hanukkah, my parents made me sing. In my lover rich man, Lord, you've got one out of my hand. I'm so every year. In front of my parents made me sing. On the seventh day of Hanukkah, my parents made me sing. Seven crazy rockers. Oh, I'm here. Here's my one little rich man. I want a Christmas tree. I want a Christmas tree. How long is the orange tree? Christmas tree. Oh, he's this up touch. On the eighth day of Hanukkah, my parents gave to me. Nothing that I wanted seven crazy rockers. Here's my one little rich man. Where is my Christmas tree? Shut up. I'll be kosher candy. Three happy shirts. Two thinking tradels. And a picture of my bad and burning. Oh, I'm gonna suck. I'm gonna suck. I speak in a religious intolerance. One I love every year at this time. Is always that element of people of Goyam. Who say, oh, well, don't you have a Christmas tree in your house? Right? I don't know. Whenever we are, you can say, don't you have a Christmas tree. Is that you in your house? Yeah, right. Aren't you a token and chicken on your front door today at noon? Well, back door. So George is gonna read just the results he has today's pool. You sound a bit. He would like to do that, but he can't do it. But everybody who calls today be sure and waste Georgia happy birthday because tomorrow is George's birthday. He turns 85. Yeah, not as well. So everybody in course George because of the fact that George's birthday has got two appearances instead of one. That's right. The birthday. Which they should kill some good time today. We didn't get the charity driver. Oh my god. It's like a book. A banded pet rescue. And yes, that is our charity. We're very proud of it for that asshole. I call it again this year. Yeah. I says today no less. 43,840 bucks. So today we'll for sure go over 44 grand. And we'll get over 50. Today's only December number five. Here's the results he has today's pool. All right. I think before we do that, let's give the story of the day. Got a lot more Michael Jackson crap. We got Rush Limbaugh crap. We got Lawrence Phillips crap. I didn't like that. I haven't heard his name in a long time. In a cool Sage. Woman gets 10 years for running over McDonald's manager. All right. A McDonald's customer in Houston who flew into a violent rage when she was denied mayonnaise on her cheeseburger. 10 years in prison today for running over the restaurant's manager. She was denied mayonnaise and her cheeseburger. Didn't anybody tell her that that's trash? Right. Got eggs. Right. The cheeseburger's kosher, but now what that may owe. When nettle Nolan. 37 could have received as much as 20 years in prison for hitting Sherry Allen Jenkins with her car. Dragging the employee across the parking lot and breaking her pelvis at the McDonald's in southwest Houston. Nolan showed a little emotion yesterday after Nolan the jury came back with a punishment after four hours of deliberation. Earlier yesterday, however, the jury heard testimony in the punishment phase of Nolan's trial. Her 43-year-old victim tearfully said she couldn't pick up her grandchildren because of the injury. She suffered an incident. I put the mayonnaise on her burger Jenkins told the jury, I took the end ins and the mustard off. What did I do? Juries took us an hour to convict Nolan aggravated the salt in the coronavirus state district judge, Brock Thomas. Nolan testified she thought she had rolled over a bump when she went over the chicken. Right. The incident began when an 18-year-old employee working at the drive-through window near Bisonet and Beltway told Nolan mayonnaise was not an option. On McDonald's Seesburgers, when Nolan became angry, she was encouraged to pull her car around the window to the window counter and speak to the manager. What does this said Nolan cursed and threw a cheeseburger back through the drive-through window? When Jenkins offered a special order cheeseburger with mayonnaise, what does this said Nolan complained for a French fries had grown cold. After receiving new fries, she then demanded new drink. On able to pacify the legitimate customer Jenkins finally called the police, so after to get the customer's license plate number, Jenkins walked out to the drive-through line to get the number. Nolan testified she had instur-car forward to put ketchup on her burger, which she heard a car horn, realizing she was blocking drive-through traffic, she said she gunder car forward to hit Jenkins. She floored it. After running over Jenkins, when the sees said Nolan's sped for the parking lot and drove into oncoming traffic on a one-way feeder road, she was arrested at her home after man who saw the salt. Followed her and reported her plate to the police. I didn't like that. Over a mail. Only ten years? What a crazy ass bitch. What a miserable nasty slut. And speaking of crazy ass people, let me give the police results. On a personal level, how do you feel about George W. Bush we asked yesterday? Fourteen hundred and nineteen vote. And he couldn't crack 12 percent, by the way. They tried very hard to bush-luckers. They got him gooseed him up there a couple times to even 12 percent, but the final total he ate in a cut it. Of the positive votes, 11.8. On a personal level, how do you feel about George W. Bush? He's a bummer, he'd eat the wins, 454. I hate him. Like poison, 360. He's a compulsive, devious liar, 248. He may be a marijuana people. They just, you know, stradden jail forever. And he's a service, especially in your state. They're in the Tory. Right. But scumbags who keep molesting and raping and abusing in all of these things, well, they slap mon aristic, he put him back out on the street again. Like Lawrence Phillips and like that, the Rodriguez scumbag. Right, Paco. Phillips who started the University of Nebraska, on the Zalsa charge with assault and uttering threats, police say the incident involving his girlfriend to place in Montreal of 27th. Phillips 28 was remained in custody until the day after he failed a post $1,000 bail. He was released by Calre October 10 for disrupting practice by arguing with Coach Jim Baker over the team's offensive strategy. He was released in May by tomorrow. Montreal all of us were fair to meet what the team said were minimum behavioral standards. Phillips insisted it was because he had demanded a major pay raise. Due to a police record in the US, Phillips needed a government permit, renewable each unit to play in Canada. While at Nebraska, Phillips pleaded no contest to domestic violence and a confrontation with a girlfriend to put it mildly a confrontation. This is in a hurry. Comfortation? That was when he stuffed her in a goddamn locker. Remember that? Yes, I did. Beater up and stuffed her in a locker. But it was a confrontation, of course. We got some Michael Jackson stuff. It's kind of disturbing. I'm close to sure that New York Times, even the prestigious New York Times is often full of crap like they were yesterday. About what a case against Jackson was like, perhaps crumbling. The case was, you know, right. Looking pretty damn bad if you asked me. Former sheriff, second child claimed in 1993 Jackson molested him and we got the inquiries to where which I noticed all the newspapers including the South Florida papers are picking up on now. The only difference being the inquiries picked us up days ago and it was an issue I picked up yesterday on the newsstand which now it appears in all the newspapers. Secret witness, I saw Michael do it. You're going to read that? Yes, he do it. And then, of course, we got the Rush Limbaugh crap man. He got some crap. Of course, you do realize it's just a witch hunt. You don't pay that. Fish on that fish in expedition. Everybody whip out your pole. Stick a worm on the end of it. Because we're going fishing. He was going shopping. Not fishing shopping for Doc Presley they say. He has a legitimate need. We had a legitimate pill pop in Eats. That's what's on E agenda. Let's see. The first poll today. Let's do the first one. We got two poles again. Plus we got no spots today. We're having to go out of business. What? What's the holidays? Why would anybody? Anybody want to advertise through to December holidays? What do everybody have? 70% of their business for the whole year. He was going shopping. Not fishing shopping for Doc Presley they say. He has a legitimate need. We had a legitimate pill pop in Eats. That's what's on E agenda. Let's see. The first poll today. We are coming. Yeah. Let's see what we have. Okay. Booh Manual. The食. Goro. Gold. I want to go. ...to bring a girl together. We have two elves. We got a few others. Ok.years My Heart Of The Water. Oh.. It's almost blinding. 1019 never thought about that I guess Santa can't come down your chimney if you live in a condo right? Right, but if you're in South Florida in Northern country, you probably do it anyways Who do I want to see? San E.C. laws 17 votes that's all we got so far 1019 never thought about that I guess Santa can't come down your chimney if you live in a condo right? Right, but if you're in South Florida in Northern country, you probably do it anyways Who do I want to see? San E.C. laws 17 any good? Wait a minute Oh, and I'll just come back and I'll line the ones Reagan This is a polished Schmidt man. This is garbage. One moment please Jesus Christ Oh, and you wanted to why this happens because every 10 there's a problem I forgot about that Every 10 there's a problem with the internet down near it messes up the phone thing up here That's if line one is working QAM Good morning. How are you kind sir? Our phone is working. How do you like that? Thank the Lord for that. Can you imagine? I can say it's a mirror of a time it's time you're from miracle. I got news for a man when anything works if QAM it is a miracle you're right Listen, and I reference to your list Believe me, I am as happy as any of that Mary am all upon is out of office, but you know how the media kind of sweeps stuff under the rug The woman she replaced with named Jane Carol Right wife, why were public issues in the office for 20 years She's the one who provided over that mess in 2000 and the day after the election she got their car drove to North Carolina You know, there was no transition period she did in Mirri Mall if I started out in a ditch as it was So Mirri deserve a lot of blame for being an idiot, believe yes, but Jane Carol Everything that came for the supervisor election office had Jane Carol and huge letters a little tiny letter supervisor Elections to the self-work and there's no dots. I see them flashing, but there's no dots Apparently no the the internet the connection is coming on just for like two seconds at a time just fantastic Just enough to freak you out just enough to give me elected teas with the punch up line two and see if I can hear it Hello QAM Yeah, who's it? Who you calling? Neil. This is Neil. Neil. This is Saw, I try to get you yesterday Go pants and six thousand people six thousand people go look at that thing saw. Look at What He's clicking it those are the clickers they give out baby six thousand people there was like maybe three thousand for that You're the night so that make believe game against I mean it was sympathetic that was saw Yeah, chronic so but I could do Do you know how long that guys been calling talk shows my god he's been around since before a hangar camera was an infant Man, so all the lines are smoking here, but I can't away to my season dots here's line nine in chronic line. Hello Pretty good sweet. I'm called for a land-o man. I call up to local radio station here with Zilio Right, don't know anything about it. We're all coming up here What do you mean for real coming up there who's that? I guess they're supposed to be up on Orlando Yeah, right Who told you that crap? All right, I guess there's no Silly. I was gonna be on in Miami on W RFX starting January five Okay, but it's 0.00 sure Okay, I thought it was gonna be a Orlando. No, not that we know I'm probably Ever late weekend man Bring it So Jim Sarnie finally caught on did you get your stuff back because my dots are back and lines are flashing Friendly this is good. This indicates we got somebody just relax. Okay, you know, it's an F-to-place Yeah, that's just the way it is. Here's a fox the other one We apologize for the enough to do to our engineering staff. I take back all the good things I said about fix it. He's nearly it Changes in the morning at W RFX where it's Jim Sarnie curl well this last guy that call for Orlando He couldn't hear it either, right? Yeah, he was just all breakfast to call and get the the straight poop get the load on get the dope on For now, but the for only coat Orlando that we know of and anyway curl foster is morning bullpen is gone Dan Silly or show is coming That's what Jim Sarnie writes the morning. Of course we took it this yesterday The morning bullpen ended its run on W RFX last week when fosters contract with church and will expired Fosters in hello out new plans for the morning bullpen and other shows this week Right Silly oh the former U of M player host a talk show on W QTM the lowly last place rated 740 a in Orlando Well, I W RFX to the mix on January 5th 6th to 9 a.m. Silly oh Silly show will continue to be based in Orlando But he says it'll have a peel the soft photo fans who really want to hear about the magic and the Tampa Bay bucks and all those things And the jaguards all of these things but crap We got some heavy duty crap coming up former sheriff says second child claimed in 1993 That Michael molested him and And then we got the big stuff here secret witness. I witnessed I saw Michael do it from the inquiry Which I'm gonna read in its entirety. We got the Rush Limbaugh Dr. Shopping story Hey, people of Florida say as far as a pain any taxes for a stating for tomorrow. And the people say 82 of 15 percent On hot duplos and Speaking of polls good news bushes support and Florida dropper like a rock Excellent news 80 the more excellent news. Oh, this relax Is that Howard Dean is moved into lead among democratic content is six months ago. We had one percent in Florida And the latest poll he's got 16 percent leading very narrowly West Park 15 and Julie Leaverman was leading before's got 15 I think a few of them old Jews that supported Leaverman probably died in the interim We got a heavy plate as far as stuff going on this weekend. Let's see from 11 a.m. today Joanne Markle be at the singular wireless at 1 19 25 was sunrise Boulevard there kicking off their second annual Joe Mark toy drive The benefit the Joe to measure which children's hospital and also they'll have the best in New York's and as well He'll be 11 to one at the singular wireless 1 19 25 West sunrise Boulevard and then later today 4 to 6 to Vanillby at Hollywood Chrysler Jeep located at 2100 state road 7 just north of Sheridan Street and tomorrow on George's birthday You go by a wish George happy birthday get our best meal stuff Right tomorrow noon to two George will be at Fort Lauderdale imports or Lauderdale imports whatever it's called Lauderdale imports slash BMW at 1400 South Federal Highway and 4 to the one at the singular wireless 1 19 25 West sunrise Boulevard and then later today 4 to 6 to Vanillby at Hollywood Chrysler Jeep located at 2100 state road 7 just north of Sheridan Street and tomorrow on George's birthday You go by a wish George happy birthday get our best meal stuff Right tomorrow noon to two George will be at Fort Lauderdale imports or Lauderdale imports whatever it's Friday you prestate This is a really young man. This is for his birthday. This is for his birthday. We hope this time. He puts a brother on our day. This is great work. 1031 Happy Birthday to George and by the way, I got some special news for a Dwight Loderdale past along a message when I was down there, but I've saved it for the day before your birthday. Yeah, I wanted to thank you for a few years for turning him on the eating ants. Oh, I know what's going on. That's why he did have to shave off his mustache. I would do like a void leaving any right. Evidence behind. He wanted to leave no hairs on an ants. But he said he's having a time of his life over there. Channel 10 just eaten every ants that comes up by his posts. I was thinking about that yesterday about that whole episode. He still have that tape. I have it on a file. Oh, my name. So if we could ever put it on our website, all of the people at Channel 10 might get embarrassed. But that's okay. It was there. It should be popular domain by now, shouldn't it? Sure. Yeah. They're talking about you. They're talking about eating ants eating ants. That was a whole maddie building and they played the wrong tape and Dwight Loderdale sitting there about his shrimp bases. You can get it. Oh, that meal sure is funny. Yeah, right. 77 votes on a pool. In fact, if they were to kept talking about eating ants, Channel 10 probably have an 80 share down there, but they don't they didn't wise up. And, and you think that done approved of that? I know Todd Tungin liked it. Whose credibility took the biggest hit in the past five years? We got 77 votes. We apologize as again to the people who can't hear me talking right now. The phone is a spastic. You should know. Yeah, and that is I have dots right now. And I see lines flashing, but then I notice lines keep flashing, but every now and then the dots go out, which means there's no point in pushing them up at that point. I see what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. Miss. It's a technical mess. It's what we specialize in a WQAM, a technical disaster and deficit in there with this head deep inside Clarence's. Oh, yeah. Check it everything up at a weekend and the nothings going on. Are there engineers in there, frankly, do one stuff now or not? I saw somebody. I don't know. Right. 82 votes. 36 a rush. Limbaugh's credibility took the biggest hit in the past five years. Top a couple of more rush. He's out shopping for doctors right now. Hey, he had legitimate need. Yeah, not like those medical medicine. It's on a fishing expedition. 20 Blair 14 colon Paul 12. Look who's on it. Just the second he was on her colon Paul. Right. Jesse Jackson eight with that love child. I wonder how low that love child thing happened. I like two years ago. There you go. Mary of Elephant six, Michael Jackson four, and I guess assuming that he never had a credibility anyway, because the first episode's plural took place in 93, which is 10 years ago. And Pat Roddy's got to pair out of 82 votes. Pat Roddy's got a small pair of it. He does have nice slick back hair and business into the show. Hi, don't pat. Go ahead. I'm going to pause your right now. Look, that'll see it on right now. What's that? Catholic sex scandal forces sale of mansion. It's a story we had yesterday. Donald Bill to settle abuse claims. The building in land had been valued for 14 to $100 million. All right. 85, and they said they're going to hope to raise from that cell of that building. They got to raise money to pay for their pedophiles. Speaking of Michael Jackson, I'll tell you one thing. I wish that the media was as outraged. They were for like a few weeks there, and then of course they had a Vatican and a dog and pony show of Houston, and they had the media or Dallas, where it was. And you know, oh, well, well, this is outrageous. And we're not going to tolerate this. And at the same time, it's still going on. You can bet your life on that. You can bet a million dollars, even if you don't have it on that. That's still going on every single day. Former Sheriff's second child claimed in 1993 that Jackson molested him. Boy! Former Santa Barbara Sheriff Jim Thomas said there is a second child who claimed in 1993 that Michael Jackson molested him. Those accusations were audiotate, but not videotaped as Sheriff B. San. Sources close to the prosecution in the current alleged molestation case against the pop star say that the second alleged 1993 victim could be called a testify. Unlike 1993, when he was much younger and frightened. He was a scared. District attorney Tom Stedden said there's day he still plans to file charges amid December against Jackson for the singers alleged molestation of another boy more recently. He also scoffed and published reports that speculate the cases week because charges have not yet been filed. Everything will become queer a clear when the charges are filed, said in B. San. Yet New York Times really blew that yesterday. We apologize to New York Times that there under a lot of stress. Their credibility is a waning. Jackson's defense attorney Mark Garagos did not return several phone calls seeking comment about the second-lies victim 93, but a source posted the defense tool CNN believes the defense is aware of such claims. In other words, now all of a sudden they quit opening up a big mouth. Well, we're going to come down like an elephant squashing an antideal of your error. Now, the more sweat is coming out, including that the story from the inquiry which I've got to read in its entirety momentarily. I guess we'll do much reading today because the phone is like touching go. But I'm what we'll get some calls in it because the show ain't crap about all those great calls. That's right. Charges were never filed in 1993 after the first alleged victim dropped out of any criminal proceedings when his family settled with Jackson reportedly for millions of dollars 15.3 so they say those who know best. Thomas who conducted the decade-old investigation in the molestation charges in cooperation with the lay police tool CNN yesterday, the second accused of a 1993 a boy aged nine or ten at the time. Decided he was too ashamed to testify against Jackson and didn't want his friends to know. The parents also did not want the boy or themselves subjected to a take no prisoners defense Thomas said. The child didn't want to testify and we can't force the child to testify so we never went forward he'd be seen. A source close to the current prosecution confirmed a CNN there was a second alleged victim in 1993. Thomas said he believed the second child would have gone forward with the allegations had other alleged victims come forward. He said the case was strong but it would have been up to a jury to decide and it never got that far. The allegations by the second child did not go to the same level of molestation as that detailed and graphic declaration by the first alleged victim in 1993 sources familiar with the auto-tape statement said, but the same sources described the second claim as credible and said the pattern was similar to how Jackson courted and seduced his special friends as investigators be furthered the boys. The former sheriff said a pair of the second-boy intervened upon learning of his alleged molestation and severed contact with Jackson the pair was angry, pissed, foaming at the mouths said Thomas. The former sheriff said investigators all over the country as far as the Philippines to investigate other reports of sexual molestation by the loved one. How do you like that? I hope they fry his freaking stupid ass. So sick and tear not only at him but those assholes who defend him. Did you see that thing out there this morning? Sure did. One of those black charities that he gives money to see everybody wants their hand in the truck. That's why Latoya changed turtone all of a sudden the same Latoya that ten years ago was just ripping my ass. So damn fact I can't stand him. Yeah, say it again, Latoya. So damn fact I can't stand him. You go girl. So sick and tear these nauseating assholes, a bunch of shparks is out there demonstrating a Michael Michael yeah because because they want to continue living off the truck. Sure. But all his charitable donations. Right. Just make me and the same Latoya and the rest of the family. What's his name, Jim? Jim and I. Right. Do you have a name? Yeah, but is it your main to the case where he has to say? That's the question. I think the answer is no. He don't want to stop that gravy train. He's just like a hungry dog man. He wants that gravy train to keep on coming. Speaking of dogs, Florida investigators have rated Rush Limbaugh's doctors offices and sees his medical records in the first sign the radio job could face criminal charges for buying black market drugs. I love the way they refer to him as the radio jock. You know, everybody's a talk show host or a jock. A disdouckie talk to a rock or maybe just where's a jock? Probably real big one. The black poster development was revealed yesterday in search warns that a huge limbaugh of doctor shopping to find a steady supply of under the counter pain killers under the counter. Oh, Mr. Limbaugh's actions violate the letter and spirit of the law one to warn said on file of the Palm Beach County courthouse. Limbaugh lined up four doctors to provide him with controlled substances and alterated positions to obtain overlapping prescriptions according to words that were shown in the number 25 before copyrighted the offices in West Palm Beach in Jupiter. The right-wing radio jock has not been charged with a crime yet and an apparent bit to blunt the impact of the revelations. Limbaugh said on a syndicated show yesterday that prosecutors were on a fishing expedition. Let us make our position clear. Rush Limbaugh is not part of a drug ring. Limbaugh said reading from a script prepared by defensive attorney Roy Black, we won't speculate on why the state attorneys office is handling Mr. Limbaugh's case the way it is. The Palm Beach County state's attorney who's painkiller probes in snare limbaugh issued a statement saying that only that all medical records have been obtained by court sanctioned search warns. New York criminal defense attorney Louis I. Dallas said it appears investigators are building your case specifically against Limbaugh that could be bought before a grand jury. Oh, right. The jury had a system made whether to prosecute I. Dallas, but I guess that Mr. Limbaugh's having a few sleepless nights these days. Limbaugh who recently first up to being a painkiller junkie, denied doing anything or criminally yesterday said he was being singled out because of his prominence and well-known political opinions and being a big fat hypocrite. Oh, that Limbaugh who lives in a 24 million dollar Palm Beach palace went into rehab five weeks in October after the probes revealed. He admitted being hooked on prescription painkillers including Ossi-Kun and Hydero Kodon, which teacher for back pain, which also causes his hearing to just about disappear and everybody have all that sympathy for poor rush. You know, I know it's good for sleepless nights. I can't even stand a smell of that damn rush. Why? And local. We're sports radio 5. 62. 2 AM. Yaaah. Yahahahhhhh I know from God, April and Rotten, I do the rest of the limpa. Snorten and pop it in eagle acrycate, I do the rest of the limpa. I do the rest of the limpa, I do the rest of the limpa. I do the rest of the limpa, I do the rest of the limpa. In the sprouts, in the silna, in the buds, in thewed urad, ab Viejo. You Bro, Gam dw he, I head the creepfony Mike's friends, this spring fish stud Born. He may slur'd with these tears his stomach,iver, pomo, nab avayaru, under the rug his weir the stories Bowl windows, He do the rest of the ribbop, damage controls, so they can fit in hold. He do the rest of the ribbop, and the rest of the ribbop. He do the rest of the ribbop, and the rest of the ribbop. With talent, of course, I'm loaned from his neighborhood Eckards. It's gold rush. This is in this week's inquire that December 16 issue. By Toyota that we always get for whatever reason here, the U.S. Hamburg's luckily several days ahead. I don't know why. We don't get them at all here anymore. You don't get the internet, you don't get the tabloids, you don't get your bonus until they dim well feel like we're there. You don't get much of anything. Don't get laid, that's for sure. So, is get that? Authorities probe his drug debt for a housekeeper. The inquire exclusive for Billy Rushlin was a secret addiction to black market pink Elizabeth closed that the super rich radio host went deeply in debt to his drug supplying ex-housekeeper. The inquire ex-suivary meeting was a secret addiction to black market pink Elizabeth closed that the same thing happened to him. But it was a shame that he was a big brother. The reason why we don't get the tabloids is because it's a terrible day to head, I don't know why. We don't get them at all here anymore. You don't get the internet, you don't get the tabloids, you don't get your bonus until they dim well feel like we're there. You don't get much of anything. Don't get laid, that's for sure. So, is get that? Authorities probe his drug debt for a housekeeper. They are all home and 50s funny man Jerry Lewis is too. Are you sure? Well kind of. And now the 50s meet the 80s to form a super group for the new millennium, introducing Jerry Lewis and the news. Hey, my dear. The hot-up rock in the role. Hot-up rock in the role is still bathing with the ventricles and the ARD and clean lens already which shipwagon and the flygle and all those planes. The Kingdom comedy is about to become the Prince of Pop. It's Jerry Lewis and the news. The 80s of please I like a new drug, no need of ways. It isn't nice and man, the farmer's his type version and the white gold ladies, I ain't sign it, I ain't sign it, I ain't. Hey, it's hip to be square and it's even hip or device something round. Like the new CD from Jerry Lewis and the news. Available, you can find it wherever vinewren can be sold with a nice man behind the ground and they help you find it with a nice lady. Harrison, okay boy. So here's the pictures in the inquire of Moonface comic Jerry Lewis. It's 51 pounds in the right hand. What's not too bad? Yeah, I thought I'm all that pleased about it or that concern because we wish you would just go away. But it's got this side by each picture is the one with a humongous fat face that looks like a bouffot tote, like somebody stuck a tube up in his esophagus and just pumped up his head and then the other one next to that one, he looks a lot more like him. Aren't you excited? I'll tell you. He's winning himself off, friend is on the drug that made him ballooned 250 pounds. He looks like himself again in Tampa to March 4th show in Las Vegas. He's lost 51 pounds while we're rehabbing a palaces the 77 year old star as feeling great. I'll soon be back and work. He's definitely going to beat his addiction to friend is only got a fantastic attitude even when we find out obnoxious disgusting and a real pain in the ants and olden the tired. He's got a lot of energy. He's going to make good as vow to be out of rehabbing before March 4th at the Orleans Hotel in Casino. I bet you you'll be there for that. Oh yeah. Bell's on. Okay. Well now that we got the dodge back and we got the phone out you got everything is the internet back or what? No. Oh, well I better grab these real quick like cause I bet they'll be real good. WQAM. Hello. See I know it's working but there's just plain with me. Well there's only two lines that were flashing. If you got how many lines you got I only got one now. Three. You have three? Yeah. I said that looked up now. There are three. Four. WQAM. Yeah. I can't believe George doesn't know about Pet Torneau. Isn't that pathetic? Who? Pet Torneau. Right. The United Teachers of Dave. Right. Criminal. I was stealing out of the teachers pension fund. Why to jail. Oh that guy. That's the guy. Do you know something? Yeah. Pat he's not even on the podium. I keep looking over there and he's not on the podium. These guys today they're just taking a busman's holiday today. I'm flying to the top of the pole. You're right. You got a tax a lot. Pally. Have a great weekend. You're a fact that there. But Eric is a little bit slow. He's got the only sandwiches under each arm pit. He's got 14 beef burritos under his chin. In fact, he looks a little like Jerry Lewis today. And he's got a beef burrito with extra bean in his push right now as we speak. So he's a little tied up so to speak. But he'll get around what when he's good and ready. This is exciting. We got the. Oh you know what? We do have the clock is back. Hey. The dots, the lines are flashing like crazy. WQAM. Neil. Yes sir. Yes. We have the same internet providers. You guys. We've been down since yesterday and so a couple of other businesses in our area. We're over the library doing our paperwork because we can't do anything online. Not even the dollar for working. Isn't that pathetic? Yeah. And I talked to some other people who use companies who who lease lines from. They're also having problems. Damn it. I think you're right. That's a special place on Purgatory. It's not your people's fault this time. Okay. That's the first. Thanks a lot, Palico. Okay. See you at the library. Okay. There's a guy. How do you like that? So it's not an internal thing. It was an external. But now how come I came back? But you still don't have the internet up? No. Well, I better take a whole lot of calls real fast. Like I said. Because I got faxes here. I got stories up the ass. But we better just take a lot of calls. And in other words, strike while the iron is hot. Remember that saying? I don't know what that means. Come in QAM. Hey. Oh, he... And he line is you always come up on line six. I wonder. What are those things? WQAM. Busch and roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll. Busch and roll. Rummy and crummy, huh? Rummy and dummy. Maybe he's got maybe he's been drinking gin. Rummy? On our old time, let me look at that eight lines flashing. Franically, but I don't see nine flashing. That's disturbing to me. That's my favorite line. WQAM. W. K. W. M. online one is working now hello. Hello. Well, sir. I'm a good friend. Is it a good morning? Good morning. This is a new rangers speaking. Yes indeed. I want to start a storage screen. Oh, happy birthday, George. This guy says. And I hope he gets a, after this summer book, he should get a very big gift from you, Neil. Right. Pat on the head. A little Pat on the head. Also, I want terrible thing about the weather up there. And they were, my one, during the dolphin's game in the sweetly. And I'm not going to get any shots of Tom Brady taking his helmet off on the sidelines. Damn it. You realize that. Well, I'll take an after wake up and see what the file score is. Good luck, your colleague. Okay. See you. That good old Tom Brady man. He just keeps rolling along. He's elucinous here, though. You better take a look at him right now. I'll do it. Ladies and fangs out there. He looks pretty good to me. Did I see Dan rather last night's story was on silencing voices of the cent? Well, I got to get that on today. Also this thing about the Phil Henry about the ripping rush on to your last night. Are you sure? That's what this guy says in his collar's called and pissed off because now his whole audience most of our bunch of right wing assholes. Good luck, your colleague. Okay. That's it. That good old Tom Brady man. He just keeps rolling along. He's elucinous here, though. You better take a look at him right now. I'll do it. Ladies and fangs out there. He looks pretty good to me. Did I see Dan rather last night's story was on silencing voices of the cent? Am I going to get that on today? Also this thing about the Phil Henry that. Everybody wait at him. Yeah, our Jackson caught the police. I'm sure five years in juvenile facility. All right. Excellent. 45 year old man. Sleep in with little boys and those people. Oh, no. He's the he's the south of the earth. He never stole a freight train. He's a great guy. He's just an ordinary or a guy. I would have funny nose and looks like something out of a guy named Barbie doll shop. I mean, you know, he just look at that. And he's like that. Everybody wait. Yeah, our Jackson caught the police. I'm sure five years in juvenile facility. All right. Excellent. 45 year old man. Sleep in with little boys and those people. Oh, no. He's the he's the south of the earth. He never stole a freight train. He's a great guy. He's just an ordinary or a guy. I would have funny nose. Mr. Boring. Looks better than a live radio show every morning on TV. Well, just about anything. But that hasn't stopped MSNBC from tuning up with radio's original bad boy. Who now looks like an S.D. old lady. Mr. Boring. I'm a sellout intern as copies. So, yes, every morning. See, I miss listening to a tape above her. People's County bit. Why? I'm the air. I didn't have it. I bought it to those muffin. I just want to have that question play. See, his wild behind the scenes. I also want to make sure that I have the Iman. You're a wall. Cook, cook, and chew. I get me some fresh coffee or your fire. I miss. He's irreverent. So, I want to deal with a phone. He's in coherent. I'll tell you what. That's a double of a person. What does it? I don't know. He's my friend. He's boring. And he's only on MSNBC. I keep all channeled. Nobody watches. And about your day, I'm radio stations. Nobody listens to him. And that's somebody got some fresh jingles. It's Iris. I love it. It's 130, 250, what did you say? I have to play. The Arnold, the I apologize. Or which one is that? I don't know where to call. I don't have a copy of it. Oh, no. I ran out of paper. My fax machine. Hold on. It's the end of the world. Right. That's kind of scary. Yeah. But then unlike there, I have an unlimited amount of paper. Here are cases and cases and reams. Here are reams. It's just the paper up the an. Oh, we got paper. Anyway, here's a silencing voices of the sensitivity. Did you see Dan rather last night? No. It was a matter of fact somehow. I missed anybody. This story was on. Activist Brett Bursey is made a profession out of an OIN US presence for nearly 40 years demonstrating four against the variety of political causes. But as CBS News correspondent Lee Cowen reports while demonstrating during your presidential Vincent to South Carolina last year, Bursey was arrested and could now be facing up to six months in prison. It was the content of my son that was the problem said Bursey. Are US Secret Service agents told Bursey neither he nor his anti war poster belonged on a public corner. He said he couldn't be anywhere but in a free speech zone. What? Here that? I heard it to new thing. But that's so called free speech zone. Wasn't outside the hanger where President Bush was speaking. It wasn't across the street. Nor was it down the street. It was a half mile away where he couldn't be seen by the president. That's exactly Bursey's point. We are minimalized to the point of being invisible says Bursey. The invisibility of protest is something that's new under the Bush administration. Few would argue controlling protest is one way to control security. At the Thubloppy Convention that nominated Mr. Bush in 2000, demonstrators were fenced in for fear of violence would break out and it did. But an ACLU lawsuit charges the president's free speech zones are so far out of sight. They don't control protest instead they make them disappear. There's nothing more fundamentally unamerican than punishing people for the content of their speech. So Chris Hansen of the ACLU, the suit sites more than a dozen instances all across the country, where peaceful demonstrators were segregated from the rest of the public. When Mr. Bush's motorcade came to Neville Island Pennsylvania last year, pro-Bositizens could line the curb and wave and shear, but anti-Bos protestors like referee Bill Nio, retiree Bill Nio, were ordered behind a fence out of a suddenly present in a press. My moment to speak out was taken away from me says Neville. The Secret Service declined to discuss any specific case or comment on camera, but told CBS News the decisions made in the formulation of a security plan are based on security considerations, not political considerations. Right. Surely are just remember America's that a pre speech zone. Firefighters responding to a blaze from three different points in the city, also the same to Kalamazma Blacksmoke, filling you with a sky over a junkyard as soon as they left their stations in four-larm to deal this morning. Twenty cars stacked two high in a twenty-foot trailer run, far in the northwest corner of the Sunrise Sportscar Inc. junkyard on the 900-block northwest 19th Avenue, just out Sunrise Boulevard, around 920 this morning. Just off west Sunrise. And that is Shane. Yep. Shade the fire, we're still burning at 1030, but fire fighters had it under control. There's a little local thing there for it, so we're not out of touch, you know. You don't want to be out of touch like Tom Zicker. Neil and George, when you have your internet back, and I don't know, see you and I understand that I got my internet right here. I can look up anything you like, okay, my internet works just fine. Go to worth of thousand dot com, took on galleries, took on religious shapes to end down the page of the great picture of Jesus Jews. How do you like that? Fresh sweets? Fresh Quos? Jesus Jews? Man. He did terrible. This fortnight for Glenn Campbell. He didn't live in Cincinnati. Oops, he's white. Not to worry, Glenn. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. That's right. His bizarre behavior might have instigated a little bit of activity there. What a little bit upset with people who are like, if they're dark and big and fat and appear to be dangerous. Well, like I still dead. Good old Nathan. I do like his hot dog, though. Mike Faxes and says perhaps the station should contract direct way. Rod band said like internet associated with direct TV. Right. Right, Mike. He says it's sensational even faster than they can actually have here at work. And it only took six hours to install the dish. Pricey, the services are 100 bucks a month for the first 12 months and then 60 bucks there after. I certainly got what I paid for. I'd recommend it to anyone says Mike. That would be a great idea, but they won't do it because it cost money. In fact, even our direct TV is a work in? No. No. I mean, that's another joke. And they always lie about these things. Like you remember the time that Volkabra was going to FedEx meet the disk for that week and come to find out that the station's FedEx have kind of been closed because they didn't pay their bills. They didn't pay their FedEx bill until they closed the account. You're going to stop about that. Oh, I see. I don't want to see the bees. Don't pay their bills, but you know what the bees Lee don't pay their bills. This is a publicly traded company on a goddamn stock exchange and they don't pay their bills. Just like George Tumarza's birthday, he gets his bonus yet for the summer book. No. No. No. It's not over. Do you? I'll do it. Jesus. God. So when we're getting back to the field, everything here's our really chronic factors. Got a chance to catch field, Henry Sholaz, not immediately switched the dial at the sound of the pathetic Panthers hockey. A path isn't play last night. So maybe he's like a day, he's a little confused. What is the data? This is December 5. He sent it today. Films ripping Russia new ass. Back to him. Using words like fat and junky and basically tearing him down. It was also interesting when he opened the phones to regular colors. They began ripping him for his attack on a rush. That's right. What the hell? How dare you do that? Guess he's stepping a little bit out of line. It says, P.S. Everyone here is going around saying, Fuck, that's good. That's good. That's good. There was, I mean, somebody must be listening. And we're not going to be getting direct weight because it cost money. I'm sure it's fabulous. And certainly a lot better than the service we already got. That's how. But, you know, it's one of the things. We've been fighting this battle for a hell of a long time. One more great reason out of thousands I can think I would off the top of my head for me not to be there anymore than absolutely necessary. Then that's a loony. Rush Limbaugh, whose credibility took the biggest hit the past five years. Rush 117. Tony Blair 53. Cole and Paul 41. Michael Jackson 27. Jesse Jackson 25. Miriam elephant 19. Pat Riley's six and patterned load two out of 294. We'll keep that until noon. By the way, Eric, we'll keep it until noon. Now see if I had a direct connection from here to Eric then we wouldn't have to worry about that. I could email him. But we could call him. I'll call him. And noon will put on the other pole. The second pole is going to be. Wait, and this will be the one it'll be up there on a weekend. So this is the important one. I'll be the first one. It's just like a dry run. Just a kill a couple hours. I got dots by the way. Stand by. What? No one knows that we have to grab my way. Can get him. WDQAM. Hey. You see. How are you? Hey, listen. The thing was BF.net. Yeah. Well get this one. They're losing people's account information. They did it to me last night. I go in there and try to log in and everything. Just a kill a couple hours. I got dots by the way. Stand by. What? No one knows that we have to grab my way. Can get him. WDQAM. Hey. You see. How are you? Hey. Listen. The thing was BF.net. Yeah. Well get this one. They're losing people's account information. You have to support people. And they're telling me I don't exist either. So I have to know how to help it. I'd log on to chat with you if my email is invalid. Sounds like free internet to me. Yeah. Well, I was free internet. Now I don't know what I got. There's someone in the road. I'll probably go back to that house and probably pull the phone lines out. Oh, shit. You're not going to know about it. They put the BS and BS man. Good luck to you. You'll need it. Okay. I do like that. Oh, that's very funny. I feel like at least a hungry loves company. Here's a fact from somebody says credibility means someone was once credible. I can't vote for anyone on your list because I don't feel like we're ever credible. Based on this criteria, I'm an adult Bill Clinton. He doesn't deserve his new persona created by the opposition. I think he is incredible. What happened to him more closely fits your question as to whose lost the most credibility in the Maronic Public's eye. You by that? Huh? Well, two on it. We're supposed to be in the 5th floor. You a M. It's politics. Religion, which by the way today's the official day-nomah religion. His views on South Florida, his taste in music, his taste in movies. I don't agree with anything he says or I don't disagree with much he says. I think that's pretty good poll. There it is. There's one. That's a pretty good poll. Oh. I thought he said, yeah, there it is. I thought maybe you're going back and I'm sure we went up there like as soon as I said it. We should have been like magic. I disagree with your sexuality. Yeah, right. Now I wasn't going to put like my taste in men. That's probably another good idea. Which of these do you most strongly disagree with me about his politics? Religion. Religion. The Lord made it so yeah. His views on South Florida, his taste in music, his taste in movies. I don't agree with anything he says. And I don't disagree with much he says. So there's some more good choices on there. Now. How come we killed another whole hour here of farting around? Yeah. Just two more to go farting around. No, seriously. We killed a little hour farting around. And look at that. Lines. Thoughts. Go to the Q.A.M. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's Phil from Boca. Got a fire for me. Yes, Phil. You're on right now, Phil. I'm sorry. Lay it on me. So last night we go to the first Baptist church. Wait a minute. This is Paul Harvey Jr. That's his real name. Oh, well we know that. Go ahead. So anyway, we're at the first Baptist. I wouldn't call up this one that it important. Okay. It makes a couple points. Bring it. We're at the first Baptist for the Christmas page. And you know, the one they, uh, televised internationally, it's got the live animals and all that. Oh. So I got your act of that. And we're seated next to two cameramen. And all of a sudden, one of the cameramen turns to the other and says, what the hell is he doing here? He must know somebody at the door. Now, who would you imagine would be walking down the center of the center aisle making a big hub up? Or who would be the last person? Where was this? This is at the Baptist church. For our Islam law. No. In public. In public. Big of a father you know. Howard David. Plus. Jeff Rimmer. Yes. Really? No. At a... Jeff Rimmer was at a Baptist church for a Christmas pageant. Free food, right? No, I'll come on. You're making this up. I swear as the Lord Jesus Christ is my friend. I've experienced me. If it's free, it's me. If it's free, it's me. Yes. You know, Jesus, y'all doubt a couple words in the inner. So I guess that made it worthwhile. That's right. Wow. And I guess he was there with his mom. I'm not sure. With his mom? I think. Have a good day. Oh, is this part of talking about? What? I always liked that Paul Harvey, too. It wasn't a rumor. You're not going to be a father to Baptist church class. I wanted to just man talking about. I mean, you're like Paul Harvey, do you know because he's ripping your friend a river, that's why. You're taking a cheap shot. What do you call him? No, it's all sort of a... Hey, Tinch. W. W. Hey, do. Yes, sir. I want to talk about your Paul. I want to say I disagree with everything about you. I mean, I like this to see, but I think you're a bag. I think you're wrong about the ladies. Right. Well, let me ask you something. You like President Bush? Once he's an idiot. Oh, there you go. So we found something we ran my turn. All right. And Marie Christmauze. See, he's just trying to be a hard ass. We found something we agreed on. Plus the fact that this guy just calls an asshole. We agreed on that, right? Yeah, so there you go. You're coming together for the holidays. 5.670560. We got dots up here on my phone, baby. We got dots. We got dots, two dots. We got dots and pans and pots. And most vague Watts. W to Q a m. I can't do it. So you have to be a genius. Well, this must be Reverend Jones. Oh, yes, sir. I was also a free judge and guess who I thought coming down. Yeah, I'll help. George Washington. Yeah. That was it. I think you guessed it right. Oh, my God. I sure hope he didn't show our chopped down a guy named Alter. That would have been bad. So Jeff Remer makes a guess. The parents that a Baptist church in vocal last night are somewhere in Palm Beach County. I don't, I find it. So it had a, and a dish which his mother's been dead for years. So I don't know what he's talking about. I think we thought Harvey Jr. got some arushes. Fiffman. While worship busy making all kinds of niles. Well, rush is Dr. shopping. Or maybe he just got a fish and like, Frater, one of fishing expedition. Oh, my God. I sure hope he didn't show our chopped down a guy named Alter. That would have been bad. So Jeff Remer makes a guess the parents that a Baptist church in vocal last night are somewhere in Palm Beach County. I don't, I find it. So they've got an additional, which his mother's been dead for years. So I don't know what he's talking about. I think we thought Harvey Jr. got some arushes. Fiffman. While worship busy making all kinds of niles. While rush is Dr. shopping. Or maybe he just got fish and like, Frater, one of fishing expedition. WTF? WTF? 3 votes. He's popping it. Tony Blair 59. Colin Powell 47. Michael Freak and Jackson 36. Jesse Jackson's got. I'm 30, man. Mario elephant 25. Pat Riley 9 and Pat Tornello's only got four. All of that got a call. He had a good point. He wishes was a lot more than just four, but that's it. Here's the no pull going up there momentarily. I'm sure that before I even finish reading it again, it'll be on your screen, won't it? No. On whose screen? Well, I didn't know how slow I'm going to read it though. I mean, oh, I got dots. I got dots. WTF? WTF? Hello? Hello? Yes. I have to see all the grammar at the congregation. I'll vote you. Yes? It looked like you were being trail by the Reverend Jones. It's carried. I think they'd make a cute couple. A couple of light. Clons? What's in these do you a most strongly disagree with Neil about? His politics? Oh, and look at that. It's up there. Eric, man. You are the best. You probably can hear me now. You think? No, no. Well, I got dots. So, see, when I got dots, that means you're in the connections working. It's streaming. It's a score score. Pouring out. All of our fine furbeats here on Neil Roger's show. Do you understand? Here's the schedule by the way. You got the humpar F4 after Jimmattage 2. And then why am I reading it backwards? Here's the schedule by the way. You got the humpar F4 after Jimmattage 2. And then why am I reading it backwards? Then you got the Dave Wants that show as part of Hank show at 5 to 6 to 7 because it's Friday. And at big games, Sunday afternoon in New England, maybe in Foxborough. The dolphins and the patriots. See, the paper is going to afford to lose that game and guess what? They still look pretty good for the division. The dolphins for them, if they lose, they really got some tourist, baby. Because if anybody thinks they don't take play the Eagles with Fredo, same lot of Hail Mary's. And in his case, the can't hurt. Democrats want inquiry. See, I'm glad that I have no doubts right now because it's already 12, 20, haven't screwed around. I got too many important things here. Too many good bedtime stories. And at the risk of making this one of those shows, you know, like we did last year. I don't want to do that no more too much. But these are too important. Even though probably nobody cares. Let's see. I wonder how many oxy-content pills lush limbo was taking. I used to be on two of the day and put the ever bind me up. Maybe that's why he's got such a bad altitude. I had to take a jar of laksatives to invite me. Oh, by the way, send the sky and my mother's phone number. Okay. So if lush was on more than two a day, he had to be a blivit. A blivit is 10 pounds of Schmidt and a five pound bag. You should hate to have him around when he blew up. Okay. Also, Ray Denzel says, I wonder if he's kidding Denzel Washington. If so, Lona's 50 million dollars, please. By the way, the internet's done again. The internet's what? Back off. Oh. But my dad just came back. How can that be? WQAN? And it's shows that I got on the line, right? Yeah. WQAN, hello. Mitch. Rich. Ray says, I love your show. Stumbled on a website called Thinking Quotes. I'm factoring a few of them. Hope you enjoy right up your alley. Right, though. The stories are great. Keep up the good work. Oh, here's a bunch of stuff. To surrender to ignorance and call it God has always been premature to remain premature. They said Isaac Asimov, the brilliant science fiction writer. Albert Einstein said, a human being is part of the whole called by us universe. A part limited in time and space. He experiences himself as thoughts and feelings as something separated from the rest. Kind of an optical delusion of his consciousness. Yadiyada. Yadada goes on. In other words, your born you live in your die. Right? Right. Yadada. He also said my deep religiosity found in a abrupt ending at the age of 12 to the reading of popular scientific books. That's what Einstein said. How do you like that? Wow. He says, a man's ethical behavior should be based effectively on sympathy, education, social times, no religious basis is necessary. And I would indeed be in a poor way if he had to be restrained by fear of punishment, hope a reward after death. Oh, how well said, Albert. Good Jewish boy. Margaret Meads said, never doubt that a small group of thoughtful committed citizens can change the world. Indeed, it's the only thing that ever had said the brilliant anthropologist she's dead Margaret Mead. Mark Twain said, I was gratified to be able to land. What is this? In religion and politics, people's beliefs and convictions are in almost every case, gotten at second hand without examination. The Bible has no bold poetry in it. And some good morals and a wealth of obscenity and upwards of thousands of thousand lies. I was gratified to be able to answer promptly. And I did. I said, I didn't know. I mean, these are just like isolated quotes. A man is accepted in church for what he believes and turned out for what he knows. That's cute. Mm-hmm. Thomas said, as I said, you know how dumb he was, right? Say hello. Tell us. I've never seen the slightest scientific proof of the religious theories of heaven and hell of future life-reindividuals or a personal God. So said someone is ignorant as Thomas Edison. Yeah, what do you hear you go? They're always trying to tell you, oh, the most brilliant sciences, the most brilliant numerous of all time. They believed in God. They believed in it. They didn't. They did not. And even the founding fathers, the fathers, they were like deists, which means, yeah, yeah, it's a power plant. Oh, right. There, but he doesn't care. Right. He's around somewhere to something. There's something they're like the ozone layer that used to be there. But ain't no more. I got that story too. But report warns there's no doubt industry is the primary cause of global warming. He's starting up again. New evidence found by Ola Corotas, David Promen. Yeah, he must be akin to Bob Promen. You don't remember Bob Promen? No. Who was calling me at home, maybe that was before your time. Must have been. Wow. Somebody I want to miss you can say with who is a trying to borrow money for me. I say. New evidence found by teams of climate researchers leaves no doubt that industrial emissions of greenhouse gases are responsible for increasing global temperatures. The government has turned that has speeded up in the past 50 years in friends to continue for centuries, according to report by two that Asians leading Amos for scientists. And of course you can see it right here in front of your post as the weather is so bizarre and strange and weird all over the world now. To your imagination. The two government experts said a climate change may prove to be humanity's greatest challenge and warned that it is very unlikely to be adequately addressed without greatly improved international cooperation and action. You ready for that? Yeah. There are published reports. There are published comments reflected the growing concerns of most climate experts over the White House stance. Neither scientists criticize the Bush administration be fused or ratified the Kyoto treaty, but there are published comments reflected the growing concerns of most climate experts over their crappy altitude. Wow. There's no such thing as global warming anyway, right? And it can't work out the plastic Turkey. It's a left wing eco Nazi plant. Democrats want inquiry to reports of Medicare bribe lawmaker allegedly offered cash to support prescription drug bill. This should show you about your president of bringing morality back to Washington. Right. Democrats and illegal wants to a group of past attorney general John Ashol to investigate allegations that Republicans are for the House member. A hundred thousand dollars in contributions for his son's election campaign. He would vote for a Medicare prescription drug benefit passed by Congress last month. Such an offer could be interpreted as a bribe that violates federal law, no Schmidt Democrats and outside league experts said. Ashol spokesman Mark Corralo said yesterday that the attorney general's office will review a letter requesting an investigation from never quite a national committee chairman Terry McCullough. Melanie Sloan, no relation to Ernie Sloan behind the velvet rope, Melanie Sloan executive director of citizens for responsibility ethics in Washington, a nonpartisan legal watch dog group also wrote asked cropped a man again investigation. The attempted bribery extortion of a member of Congress on the House floor destroys the heart of our democracy she wrote. I thought that was the game plan. Just throwing the heart of our democracy. Yep. Though allowing for support is common during close votes to the Republican successful effort in the we hours of November 22 stands out for several reasons. GOP leaders held the vote open for nearly three hours. House Speaker Dennis Haster, who customarily leads partisan arm-pusting to others was actively involved. So with cheesehead Tommy Thompson, President Bush's secretary of HHS, even though Kevin and members seldom enter the House of Senate chambers. Media reports have alleged that an on the close Republican told representative Nick Smith, Republican of Michigan, that if he voted for the bill, business interest would contribute to a hundred thousand dollars to help his son Brad succeed him. Smith is not seeking reelection in 2004. His son is one of several Republican candidates running for the seat. Now only was this bribe offered to a member of Congress. It was offered on the floor of the House of Representatives by another member of Congress, McColle-Fro2, the U.S. Ascroft. The allegation of the first reported November 27 by syndicated columnist the U.S. Robert Novak, Kurt Schmoutz, a relation to Bobby Schmoutz, head of Smith's congressional staff said Smith confirmed Novak's account is basically accurate. He said Smith had no further comment. How do you like that? Oh, man. The youngest Smith said the incident is backfired in his district. A lot of premier voters are disgusted with hardball politics in Washington. Smith did not support the bill. Well, good for him. But he's got so racist because of it. How do you like that? I don't. Here's our poll results so far, which had eased you most strongly disagree with they about. We got much has changed again. 109 votes. I don't disagree with anything he says. 60, 55 percent. He's a freaking genius. Wow. His taste in music 15. Glamama. His politics 12. His views on South Florida 10. Religion 6. His taste in movies 3. And I don't agree with anything he says 3, which means George Duff and Josh voted. 9. And low all. 6. 4. 25. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 4. 4. 3. 4. 3. 3. That's the Christmas room with pay. Merry Christmas. We're going to the room. I'm going to show you where we are. He's going to do it. I was going to do it. I was just going here. 12.32 at 5.60 WDQA. Yeah. I'm going to cry around here. See one thing, I like the good old days of the battle of the days. Now I'm totally prepared because I know their QM is technically inept at best. And even though this was a BS problem, evidently, there's always some reason. You know, it's so much skews. Right. It's Florida. Is that what it is? Sure. We're cutting. My everything here is working a hucky door, man. Fast is lightning. Which, what do we got on a pool now? 160 V. See? Just take a look over there and this thing works like that. Like it always does. Drug tests for all that Chicago High School. A Catholic High School in Chicago and Aus Plans yesterday to start drug testing. All students next fall. That this is, it's just amazing. The Chicago Tribune sits in Patrick High School in Chicago, and then in a row of about a thousand boys will become the first Chicago School to be a dark drug test of all of its students. School officials told the Tribune here samples from the students will be used to screen for illegal drug such as marijuana. Oh my God. Cocaine and ecstasy, but not steroids or booze. Well I see, so marijuana's bad, but steroids and booze are okay. Perence will be charged 60 bucks for the tests. I'm just soaking that in. So brother Conrad, Diabol, I wonder if he makes them vote machines. President of St. Patrick said the drug screening will help students deal with societal pressures. Right. He told the newspaper, we do know the kids are under pressure and this gives them a chance to say no and say no with integrity. Students testing positive will not be disciplined, but their parents will be notified. Officials, do you think they're called the pot polis? Officials set a second positive test could result in suspicion or expulsion. The spirit of Christ expels you, man. Wow. And you know, the public nothing shocks America, man. They just go right around their business. You're just, you know, to work up Neil just to get about it. Right. Okay, forgotten. Trampeled Walmart Chopper as history of injury claims. Woman is filed 16 previous claims nine at Walmart stores. Good. So there asks, you go girl, whatever her name is Patricia. Orn Citi Florida. A woman reported trampled as Friday by Walmart Chopper's desperate for $29.87 DVD players has a long history of planning injuries for Walmart's and other businesses where she worked or shopped. Good for her. Patricia of Van Lester 41 was knocked unconscious and her sister said, Tramped by her to elephants by a stampede of shoppers reaching for DVD players that went on sale at 6am that they after Thanksgiving court to Orn Citi polis and the sister Linda Elzie. The story was picked up by the AP and cured newspaper in the media's Farways Australia and China, an example. Some commentators have a pint of American access during the holiday shopping season. An investigation by WKMG local six reveals that Van Lester is filed 16 previous claims of injuries at Walmart store. Another place is she has shopped or worked according to Walmart court files and stay records. Her sister were company to provide an visit to Walmart. Has also filed a prior injury claim against Walmart with Van Lester as her witness a company. So in other words, it's a Family Tag Match Family Tag Match. With Van Lester as a witness, a company spokeswoman said yesterday, asked whether Van Lester is frequent injury claims might cash down on the veracity of her latest allegation or attorney. David L. Sweat, a port or and said, post what? No, he said no comment. He did stretch though that Van Lester is not filed a claim or we decided to file one related to the last weeks incident. Walmart is reviewing store video tapes they've called up Warner Wolf. Let's go to the video tape. As we look into the claim spokeswoman Karen Berksett from the massive retailers that have been in the lock and saw headquarters. We'll investigate this claim as stories. We have the other 10 claims that this customer and her sister have brought against her stores in the past. Well, what a racket. It's like the slip and fall con artists. Right. See some people don't really understand that there are such people. Yes, there are. There are people who survive who make a living by going into like supermarkets. And what they'll do is they'll like drop, they'll take like a jar of mayonnaise or something. And while nobody's looking they'll like Schmerl. A little bit on the floor or something like that or they'll break something and like Schmerl. And then I'll go, oh my god, my back. You know, and the picture they got somebody with them is a witness and then they sue for millions. Right. And the fact that a matter is that most of the time big chains that anyway will settle out of court because they don't want to hassle and the expense to go into court. So, okay, here you go. Here's 50,000 years on with thousand. I had a friend. I didn't know the people, but he had a husband or wife a couple who made their living by doing slip and falls in Detroit. Ready for that? Yeah, no, I know all about it. That was their livelihood. What do you mean you know all about it? You hear stories, you see shows. That kind of thing. You meet gypsies. Oh, gypsies? Sure. No, it was like the ones who we paved your way. Uh, driveway? There's a book. It's a big book like a giant encyclopedia of all of these scams and they do them all. We'll see up until you start and tell me about the gypsies stuff. I never realized the gypsies. The guy that does my driveway? Yeah. Everyday a year or two, it comes around. No, no, listen to me. Sorry, I know. You told me that. He does the tar job. Yeah, he does a good job. He's a good job. He does a good in our mind. Like this, I don't know 70, 80 bucks. Whatever it is. And he puts down the new tar and it does a great job. And that's it. I don't hear. He's a gypsy or what he is. He does a good job. If he does a good job, what do you do in every other year? Well, whenever to hell, maybe I don't do it every year. Well, you know, the wear and tear in all of the crap. Maybe he's not doing such a good job. My how often should you be paid for your driveway? I don't know like every 10 years get out of here 10 years my ass. Okay, well, plus he's a nice guy. You know sure that of course there He's a nice gypsy. I don't know if he's a gypsy You might be an Irish traveler. Oh, that could be a tube. They do as a whole bunch of things or he might just be an honest Minister in trying to make an honest buck and just a hard aspect That's right. But that always looking for some angle always looking for some reason that you don't like this one of that That's right Anyway, we got that story about the I think we're gonna play stuff on it to I think it was an excellent idea Well, we had no dots We have a bonus bits hour. We'll play like a more how we David did stuff which I got wanting to hear the other day right And we got like all that Christmas stuff like that when I just played about the fascist to f-and-Christmas Right I Mean what else we're gonna do? I mean I could see you and talking that I feel like I've been on here for 20 hours today Or nearly this thing zips by like you wouldn't believe But today I feel like I've been doing about a 40 hour marathon because half the time you've been looking up there to see if you got any dots I got like dots dancing it's from my eyelids right now from just looking at that stupid screen and then you have no internet See that's another thing you say if I was there I could take the calls but we have no apology right Eric attacks it to you It would not be great like all days again. That was pathetic. Remember that yeah I do yeah We're back before we had the before I spent the money to get a computer in here We used to have my Eric we take the pull Eric used to have to fasc me to results Well when I was there in the damn thing would go down every year five minutes. He'd have to fasc me to results because the internet connection is sucks Which in these do most strong in this agreement? When they'll about a hundred and seventy six votes I don't disagree with much he says 91 his taste in music 28 his politics 19 his views on South Florida Which I hate like poisoned by the way 16 Religion 12. I don't agree with anything. He says seven, but they're listening you're listening And last but not least his taste in movies three I guess it may be even girls while those voted on that Miguel you're a nice guy. You're looking all the other stuff But they're cool with me If they're not what it just made a cameo appearance dude, I'm gonna be being a lot Oh This year I want to just one time said I think was at that party though He was at what party the party at the end oh yeah the asked last party yeah the end to end party Braccomb It's a great movie it's one of the greatest of all time in our care what you say Magnolia I'm gonna rewatch back no leave this weekend. I'm gonna make I'm gonna put it on my calendar right now. Oh, good I don't care what anybody says I love Magnolia. It's just it what you can have right now. You're finally at me You don't even like it. I did like it up until it didn't end What up until the non end I like that way. I like fargo fargo ended. Yeah real a drop like like they couldn't take of anything else to do but it came to an end they caught him and Is it like there you go that's the end of the movie we were it's like it's like they ran out of film Oh, we're almost at the end of the reel. Let's not waste another one. Hey, what was a good movie? I liked it I like what it makes me see all our think his performance in Magnolia was better. I agree He was great and who's the the guy from laughing Road and Martin no no seriously. They got to play the flag in the barn. I mean that scene of course Oh, you know what they met oh, Chris that can't think of his name I already got a scene no Oh man I'm gonna have to run any other woman get the movie out damn it God I'll play something. I don't have it. I loaned it to somebody not damn it 1700 US soldiers quit Iraq says the French magazine What Prince magazine oh lock anard let's rock they canard 1,700 the US soldiers that 17 ever it sounds like to me if deserve to they're post an Iraq with many of them failing to return a military duty After getting permission to go back to the west quarter the French weekly magazine late canard our song The magazine known for it sat there as an expose the French are disgusting they really are and if you go to montreal And if you don't speak French, they're just as bad as in Paris. They'll look at you up probably who are good laws They hate you the magazine known for it sat there as an expose they said the French intelligence agency You've got the information one of the scrubbers in American colleague Setting a senior French official post in a Washington the magazine also said that 7,000 US soldiers have left Iraq allegedly Do to psychological troubles and other illnesses some 20 200 other sustained serious injuries Including the loss of limbs it said well, I'm glad they're giving us those stats because of course the US doesn't give injuries to Statistics because it's too embarrassing and depressing and speaking of a bear this this worked out good Catholic church in Ireland releases study of sexual abuse by priests Roman Catholic bishops doubled in their pleasure Release day damning report on their handling of child sex abuse scandals apologize yesterday and promised to improve systems for protecting children anybody buy it no The 332 page report the fruit of two years of work by psychologists to the world College of Surgeons in Ireland The tail the damage the scandals have done to victims the church and wider society in this overwhelming the Catholic nation of Ireland But a lot of those pasty Irishmen and women This study may Spain for reading not least for a bishops at our Bishop Sean Brady no relation to Tommy Present of the Irish bishops conference in leader of Ireland's formered in Catholics It tells of mistakes made in responding to those who came to the church seeking sensitivity in compassion They sought sensitivity in compassion. You know what the church gave them instead? Right a smack in ahead More than a hundred Irish clergy have been convicted of sex offenses in last decade the scandals toppled a government in 1994 after the Irish Attorney General delayed after the edition of a priest water on sex abuse charges in neighboring northern Ireland Where to visit killing each other all the goyum A compensation tribunal formed earlier this years expected to pay up to $700 million $700 million That thousands of claimants will allegedly suffer to abuse in church runs schools work houses and orphanages from the 1940s to the 80s The government agreed to put most of the bill because it had the ultimate responsibility for supervising institutions And then it goes on about pledging to do this and pledging to that Yani on a researcher survey the 181 citizen by phone and conducted face to face interviews with seven victims of molestation Acrogiment convicted of the sex abuse crimes And it's got all kinds of stats and they did this and they did it some 65% so they be happy if their traffic came an altar server She didn't call them altar boys their altar server because they have grilled now and 56% they'd be happy if their son would become a priest Ready for that no Neither I tell you what I am ready for though But it's the one to do our It's the wonderful world of science with Professor Mo Hello there boys and girls today. We're gonna line about an invisible substance incident And it got nothing that there were fluids and juices. I don't know how I'm about it as a matter of fact Did it it's a night? That's right boys and girls. It's a noble guess named for a very noble of his orchestra now a two a Kevin straight-off White guilty what a surprise Great tell what brings you here. I want to lean about It's a noble gashim or I'm now here hold this to me Not the one in my pants You're going to my whole day I cannot hear you a little picture before I thought before The theaters but what you can make a battery out of a potato a battery out of a potato Yeah I know you don't what do you think I'm some kind of a roe All right I'm sorry Then So they will all be dead are you sure You're the minute we're born we start dying we die a little more everything Younger old rich report has nothing we can do to stop it So look long at that Christmas tree it may be the last one that you've seen Decorate your house in green and red because someday you'll be dead dead dead dead someday you'll be dead dead dead dead dead dead Like someday we'll all be dead It might happen in a couple months or 50 years from now But no matter when it happens it will soon soon to you So be sure on Christmas Eve when you snuggle into the That you thank God for your family because someday there'll be dead dead dead someday there'll be dead dead dead dead someday we'll all be dead Who knows how many Christmas is I left in their short life Nobody knows that's my point enjoy the world you can And someone Christmas morning led good tidings through your home What a festive season someday you'll be dead dead dead someday we'll be dead dead dead Everyone you know yeah a very merry Christmas to you They're Are O'er you are king, would believe that heaven said with the speech abandonment, Christmas joy, their barely braving, carols through their nose and singing, Jesus truly did us wrong, when he begged the same, this song, we've all the error that they shall say, for we will remove the poor people, the critics agree, this collection of holiday songs may very well be the most moving and memorable of all time. O'er you do, A-B-E-E, O'er you are, O'er you are, Christmas, just won't the right time still come. Yes, handle wax music presents, Elmer Fudz, Christmas classics, and this 24-record set is truly incredible. Jingle bells, Jingle bells, Jingle all the way. O'er what fun is to ride in a one-horse open swan? Hey, O'er what fun you have, hearing these timeless classics, performed by America's most beloved utter of weapons. Booth off the way, no swayed dear, pack of every shining nose, and if you ever saw with, you would even say it won't. Elmer Fudz, Christmas classics, not available in stores, and when you receive your set in the mail, you'll know why. Hello, everybody. I show hope you like my Christmas classics. So call toll free, 1-800-ON, op-awaiters are standing by. Santa Claus is coming to town. You've heard him sing on Alley McVeele, and now, Robert Downey Jr. sings just for you. A collection of Robert Downey Jr. holiday classics. This Christmas, I'm on the crack pipe, and again. Well, the judge has been so damn spiteful, just because I had a pipe full, but you're on her, I've got to go. Vice and blow, Vice and blow, Vice and blow. Cutting through my coat, with a rusty razor blade, lots of pots of smoke, trying to evade the cops all dressed in blue, adding down my jeans. Good thing for me that I swallowed my impediment. It's the most wonderful time of the year. There'll be hookers of plenty, as I pop up any chase down with a beer. It's the most wonderful time of year. Robert Downey Jr. is Christmas crack pipe. Street's of Los Angeles, 10-25 AM. I hide the rock down in my sock, I just bought seven of them. It's the holiday album for the entire crack house. I'll be in jail for Christmas. All right. You'll also hear little drug evoids. I saw Santa breaking several laws, and decked the halls with vows of potplants, with special appearances by Charlie Sheen, Brent Butler, Willie Nelson, and many other celebrities who've ruined their careers. The Robert Downey Jr. Christmas album. What are you doing this year, me? I'll be in jail for Christmas. You know, dancing, and dancing, and dancing, and dancing, and dancing, come at you, Ben, Donna, and Blitzon. What do you recall? The most famous friend in a ball. Turned off the well-hungryndian. Out of every lengthy holes. And when he got excited, it stuck out way past his nose. All of the other reindeer, wondered why the sled wouldn't go. Turns out that booties, again, was getting stuck in the snow. Then one foggy Christmas scene, the Susence, came to say. And moved off with your two so long. Won't you drive me home now? All of the reindeer hate him, he's the favorite one, become. Nood off the well-hungryndian. It's the bang miss as well as... On tonight's action news, action news. Some Michael Jackson interview. The most loving thing it was to share your beer with someone. What else do you share with the children? My nose, thighs, a lower torso, my butt, my penis, on tonight's action news. Where the last four people you had sex with. Brookshills, spider-offs, many Lewis and Bubbles. So Tracy and Kiddlestas Henry Gibson was in Magnoid. And you're right. Thank you Tracy, and she says he was great and had a great day in YouTube. That's what? Now, I'm bigger-porting? I said yes he was. I'm assuming that we're going to have the other 160 bucks so we're in 135 bucks more for 44,000 from Joe and Mark. In other words, they never called again. Did they call again Josh? I haven't got an update. Oh, my, well, what do you mean, update they're gone? It's they're done. Hey, join Joe and Mark, I love it a one-to-day, oops. That's season time, not central. They're gone. So in other words, they raised 20, not last time they went under that they raised 20 bucks. Well, how can they raise 25? What do we have at 25 bucks? Sandy gave that money. Why season over? She just gave a donation. I mean, should I take it a CD? I don't know, but she gave $1.25 bucks. So in other words, it was one piece again, just like last time. Well, at least they may not be great, but they're consistent. There's there's something bad going on their man. Well, that would that hold you. Hey, appreciate their efforts. You can't complain about their efforts because, uh, well, Miguel, we got 65 bucks, 25 of it was from your neighbor. Okay, the 65 bucks. So that's another 40. So that's 905, 43905. So that means we need another 95 bucks for 44 grand. Well, certainly get that between, uh, 46 to 7,000 with Miguel, right? Oh, yeah. Well, no, what are you talking about? Miguel, that's okay. Not like we used it in the old days, but then again, it's tough for where's mine. Now, plus we have no audience, but, uh, 46 to Van will be at Hollywood Chrysler G, 2100 North St. Rose, so we just know that Sheridan Street, and then tomorrow after your two great appearances, we got to have like a million dollars. Yeah, right. And you can have, uh, part of it. 12 minutes past one at five, 60 WQM. By the way, I have no dots. I just mentioned that. Nothing I think calls this our anyway, but I just mentioned that in passing. So many, nobody thinks we're just screwing off. I got no dots. Hey, if you want to give your home a new style to solidize season by replacing that terrible carpeting, here's a great idea. Laminates are us. They're the easy low maintenance alternative to expensive natural wood flooring. Laminates are us as the best place to find laminated wood flooring from the top names in the universe because they got them all. They got pergo perador, Wilson Art, Uniform Quickstep, and all of Laminates are us flooring's installed by pergro certified installers who really know their stuff. Here's another reason to call Laminates a ruster. Prices are so low, it will probably for you. Right now get their holiday special for just 1495 bucks. That's for up to 295 square feet of beautiful Laminate wood flooring. It is absolutely unbelievable. And Laminates are us will match any legitimate written offer too. So if you like to get yourself a free and home estimate, and find out just what a great deal is. Call Laminates for us today, toll free at 1-877-777-733-36. They make it so simple. It's a piece of cake. They give you a free carpet disposal. Free furniture moving at 25-year warranty. So this is how they season give your home a gift. The new style will be a little more flaring from our friends at Laminates our us. Call them toll free today and tell them that Cranky Old Neal Tone to call 1-877-777-3336. That's 1-877-7777-3336. I'm not a big fan of the law. We are sports video 5-6-1-2-A-M. 8th place, nothing works here. No. The medications don't work. No. I've been here for 7 years. Nothing works here. I hate this place. Nothing works here. The medications don't work. I've been here for 7 years. I hate this place. Nothing works here. Coming up tonight on Inside of a Hine, the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. They wrote the theme song to the sopranos. And we've never heard from them again. Tonight, we go looking for Alabama 3. Alabama 3. Never heard of him. A legitimate New Jersey businessman who wants to be known only as a Guido. A. That's Guido, not A. Guido. That makes it sound generic. You're trying to reduce me to a cultural stereotype you Ivy League. I'm sorry. Do you go on? Like I would say, I don't know from Alabama 3. What I do know is they write this song and suddenly certain criminal elements of our society are in the spotlight again. And they are not happy. And maybe they would like to kill Alabama 3 in a painful way. And be willing to pay handsomely for it too. Which good money writing on it. We began our search for Alabama 3. A band formed in London, England. By night called DJ Larry Love, whose real name was Robert Sprag. We soon found Robert Sprag's father. Alabama 3. No, mate. By some robber, I don't even have a son. Never could. The low-spomed house. Why hastily, for a book and you do. Alright. That. Who are you talking to? I say, Robert, get back in the secret room. But I'm tired of going on your stupid nitty. That was not the button at all. It may indeed have been nothing. But to us, it looked a lot like the man behind Alabama 3. Was hiding like a frightened little girl in his father's basement. So we did what any respectable journalist in need of quick cash would do. We like we don't know about it. Alright, we know he's in there. You won't break the whole away. Well, whatever happens next, we never had this conversation. Do I make myself clear? It's a big juicy, something with like a choke business. Tonight, on inside the mind. Car theft is on the rocks. In America, a car is stolen every 12 seconds. What can you do to protect your car? An expensive car alarm system won't protect your car from being stolen. The club won't protect the valuables inside your car. But a big black guy named Ben can. He'd away from the car, mother fucker. For less than you'd pay for an expensive car alarm system, and even less than you'd pay for the club, you can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile. He'd away from the car, mother fucker. It's simple to use. Just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out. And he does the rest. Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car, Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them. You'd away from the car, mother fucker. Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben. It's always nice to have someone to ride with, although he really doesn't say much just. You'd away from the car, mother fucker. That's about it. I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with. I got him to protect my car. It's the best investment I've ever made. My neighborhood isn't that great. There have been a lot of car stress. I can't tell you how many times I've heard. You'd away from the car, mother fucker. Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben protecting my car. Let's be sleep better as I am. Call now 1-800-1 Big Guy. That's 1-800-1-B-I-G-G-U-I. And instead of hearing this, you'll hear this. You'd away from the car, mother fucker. While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death, the one thing you have to depend on is your car. With two canoes after on the rise, the people who brought you a big black guy named Ben. Car alarm. Now bring you and old Jewish guy named Isaac. Get away from my important of the old. You big and the half. Remember when we used to post a packet jar of the inszara. We ought to get a bunch of fish baby. The white ones are cool. Get away from my important of the old. You big and the half. What the hell is that? I am the ex-serious one. Hmm. Profitivity like that. Get away from my important of the old. You big and the half. Get away from my important of the old. You big and the half. Whenever some fast tries to steal my car, I feel safe and with an old Jewish guy named Isaac. Get away from my important of the old. You big and the half. Get your old Jewish guy named Isaac Car alarm now. And receive a free flower antenna. Get away from my important of the old. You big and the half. An old Jewish guy named Isaac Car alarm. I will be able to do all those stories. Her there is no Christmas in the silly Middle East. No trees, no snow, no Santa Claus. They have different religious beliefs. They believe in Muhammad and not in our holiday. And so every December I go to the Middle East and... Ah! Hey there Mr. Muslims! Mary fucking Christmas. Put down that book the Quran and hear some holiday wishes. Hey Kasey, haven't noticed. His Jesus has burnt out. So get off your heat and muscle. I'm asking fucking sale of right. There is no holiday season in India. I've heard. They don't hang out. They're stockings and that is just absurd. They never read a Christmas story. They don't know what root-off is about. And that is why in December I'll go to India and shine. Hi there Mr. Hinduists. Mary! In Christmas, three-cake nogans in some beef and pass it to the office. They can't see how it's noticed. His Jesus has burnt out. So get off your heat and Hinduists. Fucking sale of right. Now I heard that in Japan everyone just lives in sin. They pray to several gods and put needles in their skin. On December 25th, all they do is eat a cake. And that is why I go to Japan and walk around and lie. Hi there Mr. Shintoists. Mary! In Christmas, God is gonna shake your ass. You can't even tell it to the pegan scum. In case you haven't noticed, there's better thanks to you too. So the story joins for Jesus Mary. In Christmas, you. On Christmas day, I travel around the world and say... vanish ChristmasAN! Peace! Mary! In Christmas, God is my люблю! I see things like a wise gift of 절�ies and fangs. Down guys, every day. The Holy Father is churned I am almost I would love to Very close rise Kill the infarities Who don't know the Bible Like I know I'm the secret Like I'll write Christchill And how we almost think And act alike Not to think we ever It's appropriate Yes Wouldn't really want to follow Everybody in the world Which white and Christian And look the same How that the same things Woring I don't think so No To me That would be paradise And the Republican ways I Seething The like oh wide Christian And how we almost think alike All the games Black and the evil of Must die All Until everybody is Christian And What Go On 25 On who agrees with that That effect of the economy Yeah, sure did Anyway, I got some good news for him I should mention also thanks for the picture Yeah, I brought back a lot of memories most of them Ben Woring Eugene Oh, this is from Toronto No less, Norma Kintva Email me this Woring Eugene a pioneer of internet gambling See they look at a new online frontier And a Canadian law that allows people with certain This is the growing smoke they're on marijuana All right, Eugene 43 says his firm And a gullametical cannabis ink Plants to grow and sell the drug To people authorized to use it for medical purposes And perhaps to some people not medically authorized He wants amygol medical to become an international publicly listed concern This flower power has a new opportunity for resurgence He said this is what really interested me He spends most of his time in the Bahamas month Said from his Toronto hotel room Eugene a Canadian and definitely no hippie Says he never smoked pie does not interested in the grass He was moving to legalize the drug But he sees a money making opportunity His venture is being funded with five million Dollars of his own money He wants to raise another seven million from investors It will initially target medical uses But Eugene says the market could grow if Canada confirms legislation Curmian review that would mean the possession of up to 15 grams of cannabis Just over half an ounce will not be a criminal offense This plant cannabis has such a fragrance that it's ready to bloom and bleed Into the market place so to speak and produce an elaborate and remarkable return for investors Said Eugene who found the first internet casino to Wow Now the resistance some fly by and I'd ask for this guy No, he's crap Huh? I'm an division better. We'll give you the address. So it's only certain illnesses Yeah, like headaches Okay, like tired thinning hair unhatched shortness right bored 27 past one at five sixty wqm big news. How about potty xgmc is now auto city potty xgmc of piekres Our dear close personal friend Tom Lamin a solid leadership to long burtopada is of auto city viewer potty xgmc of homestead Used to play first base for the reds expect the same great kneel deals and customers had expect your custom to his habits long times Heral manager Joe Pareto is still there at the controls stop by auto city potty xgmc of piekres For those great neo rangers deals on all makes and models in stock and right now you can take advantage of zero percent financing for facility two months or save yourself up to nine thousand dollars nine big ones with rebates and incentives to This right you heard right kneel deals are continuing at the new auto city potty xgmc of piekres only the name has been changed to protect the gildi parties the same location, of course 134-01 south tixi highway that's you us when across from the falls open every day seven days a week for more info on those unbeatable neo rangers Niel deals call the neo deal hotline say it again the neo deal hotline tool free one triple eight five three four forty two eleven that's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven all For sub to credit approval cd folks at auto city potty xgmc four to tails that's the brand new and exciting auto city potty xgmc of piekres low prices without the high pressures This is Quartz waiting a place Bush Work as favorite couple nickla shay and Jessica Simpson celebrate the season MTV style in a Nilly wedge Christmas a nickla shay and I'm Jessica Simpson at a time to deck them all with Browns and Charlie Nick and Jessica invite you into their home to trim the trees. Yes. What are you doing? I'm water in the tree baby, but it's an artificial tree Sometimes I am such a dead I should be using artificial water listen as they tell the story of Christmas to a group of adorable children that first Christmas night The shepherds marble that the sight of baby Jesus Huck they knew if Jesus I shout out there'd be six more weeks of winner and join the newlyweds and singing their favorite Christmas Carol and you see that she's dumbed. I'm dumbed Come celebrate the holidays with a little number girl in her same name On Newly wedge Christmas My hands are troubled. I will wrap it's come to me begging you to remaster that we Simply strip it Then we'll have new CD You must find once more. It's not free Let it be let it be let it be My Merry Christmas in the Big And when you depart these oldsoftness Squat me off and have me feed our free If you try to steal argue By downloading every frees you hear from my lawyers When it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, When it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when there's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's help, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy, when it's easy That gruddies of fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, a fun, and a fun, a fun circle, a fashion set, a great way to learn. And the windfall is so difficult, Those that run these up all Come, come, come, go, Stream that road space that run these up all Come, come, come, come, I'd like to slap his face that run these up all Run these up all, run these up all Or perished go, come, come, come, G.B.C.R.E.L.A.M. You've got grommies up all Come, come, come, come, Oh, keep wrapped in the suit That's run these up all Come, come, come, come, Where's guard, there's on his socks That grommies up all Come, come, come, come, These boots like drolly socks That grommies up all Run these up all Run these up all Who likes his pants come, Today's fast-paced world holds its share Hey, there's a thumbprint on this report Don't forget Oh, yes sir Got a problem No sir London's some pressure huh Yeah, I feel like my head's going to explode And Ash from doesn't do anything Well here take some, I do pro-face I do pro-face, well I'll try anything I'm dirty rotten son of a Who the f***? Just he think he's talking to I don't make that little s*** Do he don't f*** report Who? Be real better? Yeah, what's in I do pro-face Well, nothing we could admit you on the radio You see, we're in a secret ingredient screw-in-all Which eliminates any inhibitions you might have About saying what's on your mind Here comes your boss Look, I want his report done Even if you have to work through your lunch hour Listen, I'm not 20 going to get off your S'n'do some work around here Well, I see you take I'd be pro-face Yeah I take it too, you lazy pieces Oh, that's gentle The counter I don't think I don't think You're the only as f***ing derangin I miss this so boring What's better than a live radio show Every morning on TV? Well, just about anything But that hasn't stopped MSNBC From teeming up with radios or original bad boy Who now looks like a nasty old-grade Listen, very late! I'm a sell-out intern, this is copies Softs! Yes, every morning See, I miss, listen to a tape about their people's Carity myths! Live on the air! I need a hammer to bite into this month And just a little bit of a question Played by, you see his while behind the scenes at it I know so that they make a lot of time I'm a new all-wallers, cook-o-co-co-choo Now get me some fresh coffee I miss, he's irreverent So, I want to deal with a poll He's topical So, I want to deal with his water gateway He's in coherent I'll tell you why that is a double of a person But what does it matter? He's, I miss, then he's boring And he's only on MSNBC A cable channel, nobody watches At a bunch of AM radio stations, go, but he listens to I miss, somebody gets some fresh jingles It's eyelers I'm like that Don Silio in Orlando You know, AM stations in nobody listens to kind of Yeah, same thing I know I played that before, but I could put that many times today And still wouldn't be enough for me I love it 279 votes on a poll Which of these do most strongly disagree with Neil about I don't disagree with much he says 139 49.8% point and is my flock His taste in music, 53 His politics, 27 His views on South Florida, 21 Religion, 18 I don't agree with anything he says It doesn't, the dirty doesn't And it's taste in movies only nine That's a bad So let's see Norbert Kent is pledging to earn 50 bucks for Bandape Rescue So I'll pretend to deal with that In fact, you should call, where's he going to mail that? Is he going to mail it to us? He has all our addresses He can mail it to my attention here at the station Yeah, mail it to QM, you've got the address You've been there a couple of times of Georgia's attention Because then we'll, we'll handle it It'll make it like more official for our total 44,155 would normally, uh, 250 bucks So we're over 44, we'll make it to 50 grand It's only 50 December, right? And especially with a lot more than Jordan Marker So that should really put us over the top Ha ha ha ha ha Man, what is their story? Anyway, Georgia's going to do better Tomorrow afternoon, noon and two hours will be you won't Yeah Georgia will do worse But it's your birthday tomorrow Go by and wish for Georgia happy birthday And bring him a big fat one and a check too for Ben and Per Rescue Georgia will be noon to two tomorrow, Lawyer Del Enforce BMW 1400 South Federal Highway and Fort Lawyer Del Food for Melatic City Sobs get there early for the free food And he'll zip right over from 3 to 5 tomorrow Lawyer Del BMW, a member of Pines at 14,800 Sheridan Street Food for Melancholy City Seves again on all of our best in the American Dice For really good causes, but what that asshole said That guy needs to know what they need to do They need to take him in and produce him to that kid and pop in And have them have the kids throw his ass in front of the cars Put you say to that Oh, right I like it Well, they say Andy Williams used to sing it's the most wonderful time in the year back when Andy was still just Burly alive, but a lot of people don't agree because they hate the crowded malls The long-reds at your lines, the crowded traffic, the parking hassles, all of these things So this year make your gift giving a little bit easier for you and the ones you love Just a gift certificate from Palo mattresses all you need Just at one simple call again to 1 800 mattress and give the gift I'll be taking you in for you right in year out night in and night out Palo mattresses got gifts certificate in any nomination And the new bed for a master bedroom makes a perfect gift you both enjoy for years to come At Palo mattress no phony promises no bait and switch does discount prices every day On a brand name you know trust and love including now Stirns in banana's foster Palo mattress has the guaranteed lowest prices anywhere On stirns and foster you it when you call Palo mattress at 1 800 mattress You pick the day in time for delivery A unit how it works any to our window eight to ten and more eight and a more until ten and night What does that mean in other words like between noon and two one and three what is convenient for you and I actually show up on time Pick away the crappy smelly nasty sore little vetting and set up your brand new when you can't beat it On a sales practices fantastic service every day low prices same day delivery and free setup and removal all of these things Make dollar mattress number one and customer satisfaction. You look really with me for service I like your only dream about called a bed and experts at dial and actress 1 800 mattress 1 800 m ATTR ES or check them out online at mattress dot com happy holidays from your friends at dial and mattress My and local your sports video 56 you a You a Powered David's a bitch. Oh, got about it. That's what I say Has that for a funny show idea if I may borrow a phrase from the great money Ellen hello Darren everybody in paradise land I'm Howard the David I hope you'll join me each and every friday for my book good about a show That's when I open the phone lines to all three of my regular low income callers and let them vent to on what the butter and depth I was up on my dream in this one up at first. I thought of going with hand puppets like a sandy becker Or maybe a poll to a both a quiz for quick but management I agree this will be a real showstopper Now I run a family type show here, so I don't want no references to stick striker bozo Faggot jizz guzzles other than that I promise you a hilarious to camp for me a high jeans and open conversation forget about it Friday That goes for listening to five 60 WQAM One kill make you drowsy and then also make you high if the ones my house made gave me But maybe it's you all the time I go as well You're sure keep you well supply Founding them who falls kill Billy her or bring me to a higher as soon plain I can have a groom Good night good busted thanks to my friends in a higher moral place go as well I should get you some horse and a hand from a horse ball I In fact my subocats and ready to build both of us the birds you In other dissenters friends let's extract the gold and their teeth and don't get the proceeds to the RNC Every show of blind support or our glorious leader OS Ruma You'll get you through your show By putting the logic out of proportion To justify your sleeping age Out my ass I'm talking backwards my dinner head friends Oh They've got Yeah Remembers What we're switching All drug abusers should be dead That's a first for twice I'm a copi peck tell them ill and chill I live first in Unic Alcher run and G.E. North drop and run MCI world com figure and bot scale are in airmaking Can log brown and root are lulling the rendered root murder Docs Fox news and writers on young moves Oh Choice point democracy by data technologies Chuck Aigles high bold blocking out your boat George Bush is a liar Explaining nine eleven for a global empire George Bush is a liar Entity on a leg in by house on two fires Dick Cady Wokewitz Richard Curlin, other Dick Andrew Card, Carl Robyn, Mark Retic Cookies Bush, G.E. Bush, George P. and E. Bush Preston and Columbo Noel Muffin mentioned Marble Trader Bob Null facts, stepsie A.E. in the back Brunsville says all as well another soldier dies Outspoken them a track in the mail they get a track And a hand will sewn at before their time George Bush is a liar Like all his poor Brutile Carl Vatty hard on George Bush is a liar At the sinister media as you believe in George Bush is a liar The song is something that will never get on for general George Bush is a liar A traitor and a lady in a prison of music George Bush is a liar This year, ring in the holiday season With a voice that rains as clear as a jingle bell It's a messy grey Christmas Oh, he's got a girl How's that in here? Ragnar, yeah Ragnar, yeah Ragnar, yeah Ragnar Grammy award winning vocalist Macy Gray Singed to the style that's beyond compare And a language that's beyond comprehension Ragnar, yeah Ragnar, yeah Ragnar, yeah Ragnar, yeah Ragnar, yeah Ragnar, yeah On a macy grey Christmas Macy sings all her You will type favorites like Hi there, in a hen Ragnar, yeah And this indescribable classic Gimme the day I can hear her A macy grey Christmas A macy grey Christmas is available at your local gang at, yeah Sick Michael Jackson is backing her traffic Cum looking for anything more than graphic Pictures and videos acting but sales They even took the big wig from the wheels Never then rent smells like monkeys and llamas Little boys wearing those trapdoor pajamas Michael would secretly watch when they pee And all the muckers and dancing tree Tandy, there's wearing tricolored vibrators Under real pities packed in the dumbwaters The garbage comes rust and superman rings Those are up to you obviously cringy things Michael Jackal, he's a vago He's going to jail Will this wrong be right and will he be entitled But his very smile On sale And my wife and wife And most this is for 20 by 60 Who is who am Steeze There was a boo There was a boo There was a boo There in the bathroom There's a boo There's a grey shimzo Black On his gas Did I see Oh, oh, oh, oh Means that he won't But in and in Or else things all this is you Well, this is you And Chris Latton There we next to Who That is an burden You weren't feeling quite right Then you're face Turned on white All that you You turned blue And blue And blue Good bye to you Well, this is for ever Oh, let me go still The king of the river Every night I'm at home And I'm watching TV Oh, oh, oh I have to sit Through all his dumb movies And listen to Well, this is Whenever It starts to grow And it's now on a road But as I watch his flex And I look at all those chicks I wish I knew If they flew Who flew Well, oh, oh Which ones flew And they flew And they flew And they flew And they flew And they flew This is Debbie Well, hi, Debbie I'm interested in getting through operations Done Okay And somebody contouring and similar post-action And there's wondering if it's some tummy tuck And the implementation has met a request So there's a face there for all of these things And there's wondering What? Well, I need to get everything done And probably the first thing I'd like to have Remove is my thing Okay, we don't do that Could you do breast implants though? I can't be done The lotion in the basket How much? 5000 Excellent I like my skin research is too And there's a surgery Have the lamb stop crying yet? I mean Excuse me? Don't hurt Mommy's little baby It works in the lotion in the basket I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV Okay Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first And then I'm on looking at you We can tell you that one we see you Should I wear my skin suit? Made of body parts? Mommy If you'd like to It works in the lotion in the basket Would you like to make it a point then? Yes Okay There is a hundred dollar consultation fee That's fine Okay Okay My name is preferable bill Okay, let me get a little information from you Okay It's a lotion in the basket I understand It works in the lotion in the basket Do you want to come in for a consultation It works in the lotion in the basket Okay Okay Do you like to make it a point when you want to call me back? Yeah What's the lotion in the basket? I got my skin suit in the packaging Bill It works in the lotion in the basket I understand that what you like to make it a point It works in the lotion in the basket Okay I will talk to you in the trim Okay It works in the basket Hello The Mat dog is out of control And you'll find out why When you hear the latest release from Blackpuster Entertainment Jim Maddich sings through it Well, I'll ride I'll ride around in the free run I'll ride Here's the Mat dog Jim Maddich sings classic raw With a Guitar A Micro A Guitar Ah Oh A Beyond Aокrat A99 A Ki I'm gonna be a part of the world. Well, oh, right! Well, oh, right! That first Jim said he felt a little bit foolish. I don't know. You didn't know what, but now he's his. I like it. I like it. I like it. The man dog just can't kiss him up with that cottage cheese, but if he wants me to sing, I've got plus America and pasties, the G-Spring up here. I'll do it. You got sooool! And everybody knows that it's sooool! Oh, right! Oh, right! Listen to the mad dog, sing himself happy. Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! You've added things to it, available now at all blockbuster stories. Bye, bye, bye! The weather show, I'm a place to be the only one I'm a fan. You. Absolutely.