Neal sleeping with the beast as he spends days on vacation the beast went up to Toronto to spend a few days with you Now the beast actually the reason that he's not there this week Because current system. Oh yeah, Clarence is taking his job. That's a that's certainly a fish show You know that they have a man There's gonna be a great great great horrible peace on the beast in the city link. That's really awful nasty He has no chance to win they should have showed the full shot of him in the toilet not just toilet paper on his ugly Self-respect he's got no anything. You just the and then to talk about risk of rich parents Well, who the hell gives a crash anyone He had on a chick with rich parents Yeah, yeah I think I might be I think him and Clarence that's there might be there may be a little more truth to that than we realize Another isn't as clear as that's a date tonight as we all go to hand out cheeseburgers for breast cancer with one He's got a date with one He's got a date with a girl going to the coral springs cheese with a real living and breathing girl I'm gonna be like a living witness Nobody mad about me today for I think it all by Blalanis tomorrow morning You said you were gonna ask me about Greg read that on Tuesday and I know he's throwing out the first pitch Saturday And I do I think Greg is gonna hold out for a longer contract with the marlins Yeah, I think he will deal with the car line of my cats He's been threatened to sue the marlins if they don't give him a longer contract So it turns out Howard has a blood disorder and he's gonna have to seek free, but come on. Yeah hasn't showed up for work today was it that blood doctor yesterday work working there maybe something serious We're gonna have it right this wife is gonna do it next week for five days now Let's put that story to rest okay, because we finally got the real story we piece together This closes we can get and the reason that you won't read about it in the newspapers because Greg is too embarrassed to tell Barry Jackass his mouthpiece about this story when he shifted all the time And this is your fault by the way yeah when they had to make room for you 8 to 10 and you can kiss a 6 to 10 good Vizematter fact now with his story. Yeah, they violated most contract because it's specifically said 6 to 9 I don't have any 6 to 10 you know wishes I would be 8 to 10. I want to lead in you So we're all a crap. So you're not so Mo and his agent attorney whoever they they made him an offer they couldn't refuse So they had a rewrite his whole deal and that said everyone so on and he's there for about 100 years He's 100 That the leech host the panthers two days before Both teams are gonna suck so bad that could be the toilet bowl of hockey. It's insolent pressing you know the big news here Is that the leaf just the recent way to be like How bad I better news remember last week when you were bragging about the 75 cent dollar What he had 69 not or know at all What are you talking about our others worth nothing you're missing You're being a 17 C units good for Americans. You don't get it. It's cheaper to live here As old your beef is filled with nucus and dizzy you worry about your meat now worry about money There's 40 people dying a separate story In Marlin tickets away when you should have been doing a tribute to senior cruise this morning See a cruise and all her dancing What if I never hold man drives other people at the Santa Monica pair killing people at the farmers market? So wait about as you know his punishment is did you read about it? They're giving him a new cane No, they they've vanished him to hell and they already was gonna be a Holy Rosa burgers gonna give him the key to the acidity and hell and they'll Lovely area Rayl run through there is a matter of fact. Let's see. What's his disguise name Russell well or he was driving a beuerkless saver Yeah, it was a nice red one. They're gonna give him a nice Jew canoe a Lincoln continent will drive up and down Federal highway and hell and they'll the Panthers extended their broadcast agreement with W Qem560 Greg Reed cut the deal over a large salad with less than two ice something since you can't get Since I think how about taking Jigsie Avenue they are games on a radio party offer my services to the station management That if Jigs were to have a heart attack or some of cancer would rid you free body obviously Yes, I would do a one or two days stint because there's one thing that I can do is call hockey game people may think I'm an A whole But I can call hockey game. I'm not very good, but I can call it don't talk to my chalky in this town man for good about that What you said about the Panthers are the Marlon's you know like and what is this I say talking about dating to come out in a week I'm not going to be part of every book if I want to give away 200 Marlon tickets here We dated it's the same 200 free loaders. That's what we're the news are I'm taking the tape What I got news for what we can save your precious airtime which we want to hear you we don't want here Give it to me. I listen to me. I listen to you have a way season tickets to the same for people You don't have to do it every day. I agree with you Prost or is reason that I'm going to be in the home and with the spring book why am I suddenly involved in the spring I was here for like two days Well, crap, no you've got me rattled with some kind of ratings thing in the spring Talk to me after the summer book and fall a couple of time in with anyone in June I was here. No, we're putting on you. I don't want to put too much on your shoulders But we're counting on you. I wrote it now. We're just showing Some guy wrote into our show and said I can't stand the new guys Jeff Feral Yeah, so I mean they know and knew me and so I For rumors first names. Is it really yeah for amer that's Jeff and his wife is never name as Pharaoh a Dennis Pimeon That's and him back. Oh, don't don't stay in names. Pharaoh. Yes She's I have you ever met Denise pot fan I know Danny, but I don't know Denise Yeah, Denise here's his here's his most famous line on the Panther broadcast Yeah, he said that on the ear. Did he yes? Uh-huh, and I was one of his better lines Do you think he rush being a hall of fame and if that one didn't impress you he said Yeah, oh my god that's been his pot fan. Yeah, I've done frog in the dictionary has pictures next to it I don't give a flying crab above Pete Rose. He's a major ass Have you ever had seen those Pete Rose used to sit across from well not used to but one night He came up to pop at O'Park in the dining room Santa the table across from us and he's sitting there with some sleazy broad and he's got he's got a hundred dollar bills And I from what people tell me does this all the time to try to impress anybody He's got a stack a hundred dollar bills on the table never cash to bet losing and losing and losing his ass Anybody it says that Pete Rose doesn't have a compulsive gambling problems full of crap He's an asshole should he be in the hall of fame? Yes, I was reading an article yesterday about the Roberto all alamar and the Toronto papers Said that because of his spitting Hirsch back because of that incident. He won't be in a hall of fame and he's he's in the same category with people like Ryan Sandberg Or just a little bit under how can Ryan Sandberg not be in a hall of fame? He was a class act Ryan Sandberg was great and I'll give you a classic example Bill Mizeroski is in a hall of fame for one reason Because he hit the home run at one of 60 worlds days No, he's in this is the best second baseman of all time You never hadupbeat era and he's a real easy place The six 4 3 double play turn the double play better You could Man about Mass� Art's the Ryan sandwich season ticket holder 69 said. Matt Howe Herpes. Most blood disorder. I gotta go. I'm gonna have a- is that true about most blood disorder? No, but it's true the Greg read did the deal over two STs Yeah, we can only pray about more. Oh Good luck. Have a great day Scott. Good luck to you I'm listening on the next fiscal the doctor has his hands full with Mr. Clepto Yeah, Dr. Fish go on herbal problem. I I just came to I ever pluck the meat of trouble I know that you're sure Sure, how do you try masturbating? I Have not I should just be trying masturbation you mean In the store no, no, I mean now for instance It while you're I'm it home. I'm masturbating now. No, I didn't mean now. Oh, yes You misunderstood I don't mean now on the phone. Oh Yeah, I am sure Sure That's it. Let's go. We taste it soon. Okay, the important reason that we play that today masturbation could protect against prostate cancer studies Just oh in the abritish independent newspaper ready for that. I do that Master painting more than five times a week between the ages of 20 and 50 could protect men against prostate cancer Australian researchers clean today They think ejaculation score score could flush cancer causing chemicals out of the prostate that walnut size Six land it lies at the neck of the urethra and the bladder Maybe we could play some urethra songs in a background for this Okay, other possibilities that induces the prostate cells to mature fully making them less susceptible to car Symmogens Not exciting. I'm excited So far sir grandjiles from the cancer council of Victorian Melbourne Australia discovered the apparent link reported today in new scientists magazine After questioning a thousand 79 men to wed prostate cancer about their sexual habits He then compared them with 259 men of the same age. He found that men who had ejaculated more than five times a week in their 20s or third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer later in life The results of the new study conquered previous studies which suggested that having many partners are frequent sex increases the risk of prostate cancer But to 40 percent Professor jiles recorded the overall number of ejaculations whether or not Of course was involved in suggested that infections caused by intercourse might help promote prostate cancer The more you flush the ducts out the less there is to hang around and damage the cells that lie them said Professor jiles So when it out flush them out score score it that's the message. Okay. That's new a science the best Just a couple weeks ago. They were telling us that heroin grown up poms your hands and you would go insane and now it's like good for you score score and it doubt while flush them out I'm getting choked up about it. Oh speaking of getting choked up I have to admit although you two guys would never make our cells department by the way speaking of sales George hate scary sarner like poison Gary you're an asshole Next to see that things haven't changed. What an asshole he is. Yeah. Yeah. I know Go before we get to that you'd made very poor salespeople because you almost didn't talk me And are we watching the end of a beautiful mind and nobody in the audience that either by the way What a great movie right I'm allows these salesperson all admit that yes, and so is vulnerable. Sorry my bad No, seriously if you were to say now it's really worth I mean, you know there would have been a way and it's just by luck I don't know I thought while give it a shot and If you can withstand if you can taste some nodos and would stand the first 40 minutes which are slow as molasses Oh my god slow and ponderous kind of like listening to a pop woodward speak You know from woodward and verencing give her her CM on TV though he talks real slow and very deliberate Larry and he's very Oh, God ponderous So the first 30 to 40 minutes of that movie you think nothing's ever gonna happen. We're gonna go on. I mean and then like you said it turns out completely different Not what you think it was in addition to which They're because of the twist and turns in the in the story You don't really know for sure what the deal is It's right right right that's one of the best parts and I will admit that I'm not one of those people are cries The movies a lot but I was teared up at the end of that movie. It was that was tugging You had to be you had to be a stone you had to be a rock a an emotional stone Not to get least get choked up a little bit the last 20 minutes of that flick right speech That speech it gives at the end a beautiful mind. That's that's one. It just it hit me I just with the piece not to go to pieces I didn't get a little you know a couple of tears. Yeah, so anyway guess who else hates mo The authority joining the list of the Thousands and millions of people all of America who hate mohower David at like poise I don't want to mention names, but the name of the person is Who allegedly hates him like poison? I just starting up with him after just finding out about his blood Yeah, I'm hoping if we talk about it enough it'll Put him over the edge he can croak before Monday. Yeah, but you're these doing pretty good by himself Under by what you ought to dislikes that yeah, they do and I like it too Although I will say this guilty. I mean at least why you're wrong. Would you get rid of that one time tomato guy Jesus God? No wonder Celia Cruz dies. You probably heard one in a morning show Give her a brain tumor. I mean seriously wouldn't that put you over the edge? I want one year here at beyond chronic. I don't think in our lifetime we ever had a chronic as bad as one I mean one that we actually put on the ear You see what I'm saying yeah, right. Oh Impossibly anyway, we got a lot of Celia Cruz stuff to talk about Good god that McGill you're so such a silly spick me. I'm out of my mind. McGill's gonna be a daddy Wait a minute. I shouldn't have said that should I know we said it on the air. We made it in the middle of the getting married When are they getting married or had they got married in a month? They're getting married in a month and she's pregnant. That's bad. Ah, sliding in right out of the wire She's not gonna show. He slid it in before the wire if he has married 10 14 at 5 60 WQM happy Thursday to his sunny here. It's beautiful So 73 degrees low humidity Same and we got that stones concert coming up on the 30th. I guess who we're gonna be there AC DC rush Isley brothers just a ticker fell how low can those interest rates go? You've probably been wondering well now the financial group is doing the limbo rock under the lowest refinance rate Ever heard of how low 1.95% it's true now you can refinance your homer buy you a new homer gets super low 1.95% financing with the natural group column today and find out about this and save yourself a Schmidt load a cash 1 800 940 land L.E. and D if you even thinking about refinancing a buying real estate You really ought to be doing this call financial group 1 800 940 land and talk about savings Listen to these numbers if you have you a 100 thousand not alone your payments are only 1068 bucks If you have a 200 thousand alone you pay only 736 months or confidential group toll free 1 800 940 land and get the low low rate you be looking for 1.95% Financial group column today. There's no obligation. I'll spend the hardest works 1 800 940 land L.E. and D That's financial group there. In equal housing lender credit restrictions apply rates subject to change monthly 5.19 ap Yeah It didn't play yeah Well, how about if we play that is that the end of the break? Yeah, unfortunately That's it The United States has no quarrel with the Iraqi people our quarrel is with erotic dictator And with his aggression he rock will not be permitted to annex Kuwait Just the way it's going to be收 off Gary Sarner like Poison should have put him in a hang of hate's mullin and then again so does everybody else and the rumors hate George like Poison and the feeling is mutual and I hate mull like Poison and I'll dance on his grave and fart in his face and other than that everybody hates everybody in South Florida see that's one of the big differences between a place like Toronto in the South Florida everybody here basically if they don't like each other they at least put on a good act and they get along and it's friendly as opposed to down there where they want you to know how much they hate you like Poison is that my friend on line six the West Palm Beach Caucus you know it's not from West Palm here's West Palm Beach hello hello he's not even here I thought it was retired which you're miss a day without him you know it anyway here was the pool from Jordan yesterday I hate Republicans to 102 that one hands done see I could have voted well Republican isn't the right term right wing assholes would have been a better term because not all Republicans are right wing assholes just most by the way they are going to bring rust weller from Santa Monica California 86 year old rust weller kill all those people yesterday hit the gases to the break they're going to bring him to Halandale given the key to the city in turn in blue senator jukanu thought he was going to be most chauffeur he's going to be mo moi moi moi moi moi shihu religious people I hate religious people 140 I could have voted for that but I didn't asshole drivers 135 like Russell Bell or 86 of Santa Monica California coming soon to sunrise reality TV 100 nine people hate that 80 now there was a real good battle we had going on between you and moi yesterday I thought to myself how I'm burasing when you're doing the show how I'm burasing with that a bin if you would have like come really close luckily for you mo pulled away he put on the afterburners and pulled away in spite of his blood disorder mo had 87 votes 87 people hate him like poison 66 people hate George what 66 you said it like sports well I'm just getting so bad I two pieces of generous salami because I ran out of bacon I forgot to get some so I'd a little bit of generous salami here is moi I'm like it's good stuff though 58 people including me said they hate some florida that was my vote it's all just and keep in mind it's 5% but that's 5% of the people are actually are there now you see what I'm saying right in other words the people who bailed out because they can't stand the heat and humidity in the assholes and the driving and everything else they're not even there to vote my life 40 45 people said I hate my life well isn't that great I'm under boner boy voted for that no he voted for George I think what he was trying to say was I have no life the homeless voice and the Cubans 40 now see that's amazing to me only 41 people said they hate Cubans I think the others it went on late oh I went on for really what what there is is maybe they had all night to vote on this homeless voice and Cubans how about Cubans how are I at least one thing you'll say homeless voice there are no Cubans in homeless voice are there not that I know I never saw any no I see white guys who look like they just called out of a dumpster and and shfartes that's all I see I don't see any Cuban homeless voice people pretty much so there's something we can say for the Cubans right they could have a blick 34 people hate democrats let's see 228 their public in 34 democrats so that should give you a pretty good idea of this crowd 31 hate pat Robertson later to Chanel so 28 hate the a bit hour hour one to two hour that we do about nine as in include like just Wednesdays or nearly or the fact we're doing it every day during the summertime well we didn't make the distinction I see but that's only 2.3% right hated enough to vote for it 28 people that are almost 12 hundreds of people that are not all they don't hate it enough to call during that hour like contribute well listen ask me if I carry do I care no I like it not that just because it kills an hour first of all it's the summertime people don't lot world war three I learned this from the great jury wait as many years ago remember jury Williams because time jick assured oh that's right times in LA getting wind and dying by all those Hollywood big shots but anyway in the summertime especially but even audience of Florida in the middle of the day in the afternoon people don't want heavy duty they don't want world war three they want a few laughs it's hot they're frustrated with the drivers out there they're sweating up a storm their life is a turn into crap right and for from the rise they don't want like world war three especially in the summertime what it's a hundred of the reason to shave so that one to two hours a nice brain in addition which I got all these hundreds of new bits today between one and two I'm gonna try to play everything stuff that we haven't like that last bit I've played right haven't played in a long time which believe me I'm finding tons of crap well you know what which one though I love the I do this love it's like angel baby with rosy and originals I love the way sottamy starts oh yeah and there's nothing I can do about that because that's that's just the way it is which adds like a little flirt with 28 people hate to that our too bad this is disturbing to me and it shows you how perocule subfoto is 23 people hate foreigners I mean what does that mean foreigners you know people from other countries oh them kind I mean what kind of crap is that again again that's another reason why if anybody says South Florida Miami is a world class city platform right in the ground okay world class my ass 22 hate their ex 18 domestic minorities now what's all the set domestic minorities you know minorities who are born here yeah yeah yeah that's an include I mean did you go over to any or all of you above yeah blacks and fags and iris pics and irish and German and crowds and 18 hate that the 18-8 broccoli that's obviously a George do you know I brought that yeah um 18-8-3 job let's see 15-8-year-old sarner see it's too bad that episode didn't happen earlier than you could put Harry sarner on after the show yeah 16 said they hate their wife other people's children 15 for house voice 11 later edition also eight people said they hate green party people you know who you left off here honest I'm so pro hot but I made a like a real big list and you don't want to let off who paid off oh yeah oh yeah let's go that we got some votes the people green party people eight paid parking seven well what is emin they hate paid parking somebody called and said parking somehow that wound up paid parking on the pole and I don't know why it was well luckily it had only so it very crap five people ate their parents five people said they hate people that don't follow their religion two people the airlines and one my husband well 15 said they hate the 16 said they're wife and one my husband that's because we got mostly guys listening right on your sports intensive guy station two bad about senior crews no relation to Freddy crews from the uh gentle storm what was that the general breeze whatever the whole I like why it's dark quiet storm senior crews is dead and a hero line voted the whole bunch of pages that story today I mean it took me 55 pages of fast paper just to pronounce all goddamn stories so I got a week like one or two per grad loan and the gal comes in there oh everybody knew senior crews I said I never heard of her I knew Freddy crews and I knew uh hector crews and I know uh Jose crews I waste ball never heard of her but we're going to discuss senior crews momentarily when we do after the break and then we got to these pull which I think is kind of like interesting I don't think we've ever done exactly that one you know why left off and that so far I give up well we'll get to it I haven't said what it is I and then we got that great story about Russell well are 86 of Santa Monica California who just killed a bunch of people and he feels very very sorry about it in fact his driving is even worse than Bina Boy which is Santa lot only Russell well has got an excuse he's an old 40's 86 years old he's clueless I'm a 6th driver see that in that nice I mean it's a horrible story but at least it happened in California not in South Florida where it doesn't even make the newspaper anymore because it happens almost every day maybe we can bring not only bring them to hell and they will we can get them a 6 year license in the mail how do you say Ross oh yeah sounds good to me everybody in my mother's complex 995 110 150 years old they get 60 renewals in the mail some of them have no eyes no arms no legs some of them dead for five years they get a 60 renewals in the mail I'll rest on Jeff you know how to do it baby 28 past 10 at 5 60 WQM if you're on the Atkins died if you're on any low carber sugar free diet finding stuff that you can eat on the diet that's where the atop part comes in especially if you like variety I mean you know you heat your meat in your cheese and your seafood and your cheese and seafood and meat but after while even I good stuff and the butter but that gets tired after while you need some snacks something in between to keep you going that's why you love to lots of West Boca because in this store there were over 900 low carb sugar free products to keep you on a straight narrow pad be sure and try their new low carb instant cup of soup what you do is add water and pop it in the old microwave a low carb meal in a cup for delicious flavors be sure and try the new simply low carb muffins for a quick breakfast they've got your own individual size cheese cape and brand new just originally last couple of weeks juey's low carb peanut brittle with unbelievably great taste carbourite ready to drink chocolate vanilla shakes it's a low carb meal in a can the at-laws chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars with no malt at all speaking of the can you won't have to be on it all day almond snacks that cakes blindies that come in six different flavors and they got low carb hot cocoa apple cider and a low carb a selection of pasta sauces, dressing chips, chocolates and that carbourine ice cream that you won't find anywhere else in the world this is the place for all new diners delights of West Boca and don't forget all icons brand products around sale there all day everything in the dish which you can try anything to store before you buy it just pop a little in your post the ice is open daily 10 to 10 you'll find among the northeast corner of blades road and 441 x to Boston market column tool free at 1 877 low carbour shop of on the web at low carb dot com don't forget the lights of West Boca is your official atkins retail center of salute this is 426 thanks isn't it funny how some days just take you back like when you were a teenager remember sitting on your porch and a cool summer evening popping a zid with your fingers and needing it well the great taste is back at the bus palace yes delicious creamy sompsor pus in a corner of dish with your choice of toppings all the great taste of your body you enjoyed is a kid like warm hero acts scap chips at our new bugger bits the bus palace ice cream use cream we all scream for pus 1033 at 560 qm here's a lady in West Palm with better get around right away hello hi good morning call me all yes man um my name is Jenna it's my birthday today really yeah do you want to tell us which one um 12 happy birthday Jenna thank you I love your morning show at rules thanks um I will listen to you like for half my life just my dad always plays it great well do you have a great day Jenna thanks see uh that echo was on the line right all I that quiet was here and yes uh it's a little bit of this little bit of that what do you mean by that I don't tell me they're turning over head down and you lower here I won't you know what I mean why is it on this end oh it sounds good now yes what is that mean it sounds good I didn't do anything sounds good over here now yeah I see it was on the phone line okay don't be picking on poor little jense or birthday see you guys are such bastards that you're gonna like scrub her birthday with a negativity man what do they took that poor is that who do you hate you know it was me I'd say who do you love you know other than your friends and relatives who do you love but I'm not doing that poor because I'm not a fool sound flooring now was it was a perfect pull for software was excellent in fact I was one of Georgia's the first good pulls in in long time about thirty man years here's today's pull now the reason I did this aside from Neil is because I'm not one of those guys that wants to do a pull where we I invited like slapping on her back oh we like you I can't stand that one validate me oh and how can we don't put you on here I don't know don't know we got some other ones to put on here let's see I'm adding Georgia Rodriguez oh I haven't told you the photo well I had them anyway and then I'll tell you what it is when I get around it and I also left off Rick Raleigh and so it's cool remember we have to put them on separately could we well we have to put them on separately because we're adding the pull question is aside from Neil the best all times offload or radio personality is or was because the several of these have passed away the big broadcast booth in the sky in other words they're dead and then my list that I had so far was Rick Shaw Randy Rhodes Phil Henry are you sure who we used to like a lot Mike Reneary Bill Carter Jim Manage Jim and it's a rock and Goldberg stupid I'm all Howard David it absolutely Larry King very King Jerry William is Bill Tanner what footy big Wilson Alice Rantelle Steve King George right now I'm adding these other three make sure we get these on there okay I'm assuming that we will I just I just say that because the way things are going lately George Rodriguez Rick Raleigh and such coolman individual see because the question is aside from Neil the best all-time song photo radio personality is or was you can't put like a can we do we want to put Ryan Diaz and Ron Benington well let's see I was gonna ask you about a whole bunch of names that you know not you okay listen that's the idea is to kill a lot of time here we only got three hours anyway before a big one to do our no wait huh it's a number time I'm not gonna in addition which look at what we got we got Miami and line six now you know who this is Miami hello thank you okay now I'm looking at our couples contest and people are gonna say well boy that thing is your bouncing around but today's only Thursday and we got until Tuesday morning at 10 o'clock correct so those of you who entered and we appreciate all 18 couples we appreciate very very much that you would the the great yourselves to the point of like allowing us to exhibit you but that's great but it has bounced around and now the point we've had like I think three or four different oh in fact look what's happening right now haha so if you have a lot of friends or if you have somebody out there in the our audience who happens to like you a lot because the rules of the contest just saying whoever gets the most votes at the end of a week that's it right because we can't control what happened anything right we it's just there so if there's somebody out there it's got like a daisy chain going or whatever whatever right right I mean if I sounds helpless it's because we're helpless to control it so let's have fun with it and let them get upset Alexa and Mandy are in first place with 463 coming from the middle of the pack to like blow into first they're blowing it magi and time for it in 24 they had a couple of lead early but boy magi and Tom I don't know as a matter of fact Aaron and Brandon continue being on their ass they got 399 and today's big move so far Brittany and Greg 335 again coming from nowhere and it looks to me like they're zooming toward the top Natalie and Adrian who actually moved into first place briefly 321 they ran out of friends or whatever or supporters rich in share 113 who have tried before and are trying to begin Adrian and David 11 Michelle and Rick 95 Rick Helen Donovan 72 Brett and Danielle 51 they should be doing a little bit better than that I try to remain very neutral because I don't want to be accused of influence and they should be doing a little bit better Janette and Peter 33 I still don't believe I'm saying that right Janette sure whatever Janay Silvia is that like Cindy Lumay? Lori and Mike got 32 votes Kimberly and Bob 29 I don't know maybe I shouldn't go all the way to the bottom I guess I will Doris and Kelvin Kevin 17 sorry Kevin I lean in ban only 14 now they also it seems to me what's wrong with them what not to like that they just don't have any friends I guess Marie and Bill 13 event in Nelson 13 and Maria and Michelle have got to leave you know Michael have you pardon Michael okay we do just relax I didn't even get the word out of my that's how you say it in French I see will this need a look French Maria and Michael have nine votes only not a 2500 and 44 which that sounds like a very impressive total after a couple of days and I've actually liked some of those votes are for real but yeah maybe now Marie and Michael ought to be doing better than nine votes but the problem is and I hate to say this Michael but you look a little bit if you had a silly hat on you know who he'd look just like Bill huh oh how many clues do I have to give you if he had a real silly hat on were you drudge pack and oh no he looks just a little tad like missfudge no he's not a much of a metrical a much nicer person and the plus he's straight Michael so anyway they're in last place at the moment but things are changing dramatically on our iron we got all the way to nice Tuesday morning at 10 o'clock here's that upholed a new let's see did we say we're gonna add wrong the as and run by the internet yes we did here's a fact that says make sure and our nose that yesterday coming out of these 730 to 35 break more referred to him as a stupid old dottering fool what that's original that would be like going on here and saying you're reading the same two books that that uh for else father said he was reading the day before and lying about it not even known the name of the second book we're on the amo absolutely no world is on the plus that bogus deal that you coarsely with a Greg I mean talk about an asshole talk about forcing yourself into a place where you know you're not wanted you're a wise man and that awful awful movie sent of a one without patino whoah where he shows up at his relatives house for Thanksgiving even though he knows that some of them hate him like poisoned don't want him there and creates his confrontation and they wish to help he would die and leave and everything else and but he insists on being there whoah I see the same apparel with more hard David absolutely he knows that everybody wants him out of there in the worst possible way or the best possible way or even on a stretcher uh he just uh insisting and so he found that the technical glitch there at a grand course that's Greg again Greg you know improving with one hand and screw things up with the other hand kind of the in and the in and the out the up and the down trying to balance out his mistakes and I scored the Greg will be thrown out the first pitch at the Marley game serity night anybody cared oh no thanks by the way Bob for informing me about that dottering accord see that's what I call him all the time so again rather than coming up with original material on his own all he does like if we ought to call him the pirate in fact there's another idea for our website we got mozo the clown we got the dancing dwarf mo we got a little baby mo with the diapers there karate kick and mo how about moose for the birds pilot local be six is five civilization or Q, M assistance m Oh, that's all right. Oh, that's all right. Oh, that's all in my shaving cream. So, my neck is all my face. When I went to work, I looked like a jerk and I was fired in the strength. Driving home, I was all alone. Thinking someone's playing tricks on me, But in the rear, you and there, I could take care of this. There is back every year. Oh, so cheap, this home is a dope, oh, a bomb. I've not heard of the job, my laptop closed, There ain't a scene, I ain't my pot. Oh, my friends, they got much. And the red thing, my clothes, all the so cheap, This house is all the shink of all the, This house is all the cheap, this house is all the, I saw him out, beside him a top, So him a look, down from my top. I saw him in a Polish beginning in the shadows, But there's got, yes, I saw him out, I saw him out, I saw him out, Oh, my friends, they got much. Down from the big box, I saw him out, I saw him out, I saw him out, I saw him out, those crazy people, my pot. All the friends, they got much. Down from the big box, I saw him out, I saw him out, I saw him out, Oh, my friends, they got much. They're very, very curious. Oh, I'm here. Can 47 at 5.60W, QM, we got the mad dog coming up a 1 o'clock today. And then you got Hank Goldberg 4 to 7, Another full 3 hours, Hank. How do I somebody tells me a little bird told me, Hank lost a lot of weight? Yeah, that was me. I was going, Humber. Then you got the big 7 to 10 tonight, Any K10 to 2 and Joe and Mark 2 to 5 overnight. And then of course, in the morning, It's guilty, all by himself, because Mo is getting his blood disorder fixed up. He's on vacation again. But that guy takes more days off, If there you know me, If there's anything I hate, It's guys that don't show up every guy damn day, Too much time off, Mo. So what are we going to do about this city accrued in? So should we spend a couple of hours on it? Please, I never heard a city accrues. I know that was a great shock to me, I would rather other professional specs in town, but I don't know who the hell she was. One of the ugly or spics in town. Yeah, seriously ugly. Not much of a deal. The Harold devotes like 75 pages to this this morning. With pictures and the whole big deal here, She must have been Moe in Portante, No, I'm sure my mom is crying and ripping her out. Yeah, damn. I'm sure your mom is crying most of the time, Basically, because of the terrible things you say about her on a year, right? Now let's see, Were you intending to facts this to me or do you know Eric again? Yeah, just to update me, Just stay ahead of a. Well, let's see the early returns on here. Aside from Neil, The best all-time software radio personality is or was, Are you sure? Phil Henry, ten. Jim Manage, eight. Suds, Coleman, six. I voted for Suds. Bill called her four. Moe Howard David at four. Randy Rhodes for Rick Shaw III. George Rodriguez has a pair. Mike, when he was got two Rick Rally, two Ron Bennington, two Jerry Williams, One, Big Wilson, one, Hank Goldberg, one. No votes yet for Alice Rand tells Steve Canler a King, Bill Tanner. What? Fully or Ron Diaz. How do you like that? The, uh, cigarster Indian. Boy, he was really an asshole, you know it? Yeah, he was. Man. Humorless. Humorless wooden self-absorbed piece of turd. Uh, the, the only thing that he had gone for him, and I told him that I didn't put in those terms, but he had a voice that sounded like Howard Stern. He didn't hear anything else, uh huh? How dare you? You got a lot of nerve saying that. Yeah, I just stuck that hang grenade in my mouth and pull the pin again. Never seen that. The Crocodomic Creamer who still hasn't done any drugs. Well, those were the days. Those bizarre few months had packed, you know it. Oh, that was so strange that whole period of time. It basically wanted to play that song. So, to make you want to play that song, think you want to hear that song. If you want to hear that song, you can think of those good old days. It's so frustrating, you know, station. How new to your isn't out. We've been talking about passion. Ever since gots pulled out, now we'll win more passion. You do anything, sir. You do anything, sir. Don't worry. Stop that up seeing. You work with passionists. Like we'd more hair. If I don't be in way to hate you, I don't get to lose. I think that it's a bummer. And feel in reason gone. OK. Sing it by the air and numbers. See how to run and run. That going on. Flexible. And that's a matter of fact. I said, it's a born again Christian boy, I just as he can be He wants to change the stations letters that tell you to you, to you now will work I said, it's a place of passion, new thoughts, action, and that's where you go I don't want compassion, action, you have to make the sound of the clock I'm the label 1051 at 560WC, I'm thinking of some of these great people that we worked with over there at Paxon, briefly Engineer Max I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the watch it without telling me what it was about who said that perrovers and I'm fatget yeah no no Faggot was said that that was a good move for me that's exactly how it went on us it was like some self-hating Faggot ding ding ding ding ding there you go like I said perrovers and horrible moving but you won't watch it tell them Mr. Ripley well I will you write a list here Alice Bennett yeah he made an impact which the only line, how come this thing isn't working out? The only line just relax okay I got it in here. If I had the ability to do I take you out here right now and take your goddamn teeth in. That was Alice Bennett throwing a snit with poor Rick and so it's having a nervous breakdown and then just like so many others like Tom don't like us before him we're not putting him on list. Just you know, gotten this is a little mehata and his wimpy little mehata and the high tail of a lot of time. Tom like us we forgot him. I like just got through a sin we're not putting him on list. When I put him on you want to put him on there go ahead I don't care. It's free. It's L. E. Y. K. I. S. Don't include that leather jacket like us. Dick Farrell. Dick Farrell. I think I remember him. I had to work with a Stan Major. Right. By the way, Stan, the need your car for a few days George his cars in the shop. Really? No, you don't you know the story? No. I was up here. Now keep in mind this is the guy who said that I was an overpaid talent. This is the guy who when I told him I'd resoul renewed my contract with I would be slammed the phone down on me hung up on me. And I'm up here in Toronto calls the house and tells you on that his cars in the shop. Can he get a hold of me because he needs to borrow one of my Corvettes for four days. Are you ready for that? We have to get you give me a name. But is that what? What do you want? Is that all we have? Kind of content. Do you want Dary to the sick? I didn't hear the next Stan Major show. This after the two on this top radio six. Double UIOD. And of course, how could we have left off? I am that him or a Joey Reynolds. It's fun. I'm certain that his little group of his little Coder we have missed it. Still be delighted to vote for Joanne Poulcher. So your psychic powers strike again. Yes. Just last night on the way home from Treasure Island. Boca Bryant was filling me in on the olden days before I showed up before I came to town with a Stan Major in the set up calls and you mean like the great show that's standard about what kind of watch you wearing and the right. I'm lucky. I'm more up some of those Milky Way dark shows. But the whole E-Jay thing and everything. See I was you know, right around for the all all of that with a set up call which I thought really set up calls you got to be josh at me. No, he wasn't josh at me. Oh, we don't have that E-J thing in here. Oh, I know what it's under. I know what it's under. Let me file find it here. It is. Yeah, you know, the interesting part about this business is no matter who you put on the year. That particular individual will attract a certain little core and in some cases, a very little core, but nevertheless a core of misfit. A core of bizarre individuals, misfits, whatever you want to call a color, a core of groupies who are specifically geared to that one person. You see what I'm saying? Oh, I know. Like what Stan was E-J and DJ and Paul Harvey Jr., I think he invented him. I do believe that's what Boca Brian was telling me is matter fact because that's how it got started. That course we can always blame Boca Brian for our what's his name? They're Chris Baker and Chicky Patterson Chris Baker. Yeah, get Chris Baker on list. That's a good one. Who's now turned into another right wing talk. Oh, and usual. Are they're flaming right wing talk host in where would it? Helly is he was in Omaha, and I was somewhere in Texas in bum fork Texas. Where would it? Helly is. Second just goes to show you. It is the hope for your George in fact. George has got some votes on here aside from Neil the best all-time South Florida radio personality was is or was Phil Henry. Okay, 21. I had a feeling he's always every time we do anything similar to this he always does it although not probably not overwhelming because now a lot of people hate him like poison. But at least when he was local and in South Florida, I would be he was a great Jim Nanditch 12, suds. Coolman eight, Randy road seven, Randy. George Rodriguez six tied with Rick Shaw. Now that's really amazing. Rick Shaw, a legend in a market been on the air for over 40 years. The longest standing South Florida radio personality Ricky Tickie's only got six votes and George has got six and we were listening to Rick Shaw air checks from 1966 on the way home from Treasure Island last night. How do you like that? I'm good W. Michael. First old friend Rick Shaw who loves this show who's most famous line was at least not with the capital in Rick right George Rodriguez six, Richard six, hangover five, Ron Benington five. Oh, Howard David and four. You better get it up. Oh Mo. Absolutely uh, Mike winner. We four Rick Riley four bill called her four bill Tanner three. What? Big Wilson to see now a lot of this is based on time Right the time frame in other words, some of these people who'd have remembers them, you know if you're not old Far like me if you're not a dottering old fool like me and Movie It's like, Gravity, Red, Pink, Pink, It bears when he starts to laugh Why do you see this girl? Where are those feet hanging who sing her? Why do you have such a f*** fur? I know that ain't. How been true? So, we're standing here to let out, too. I'll give my table toe a good ride. My hotel has a great night. I'll take my makeup. I'm... I'm... I'm... I'm... I'm... I'm... I'm... I'm... Look at all two of five sixty come down there, come down there, come down there, 1102, we got the mad dog coming up at the highly popular mad dog who's right on Phil Henry's ass by the way in the assuray. Alright! Here's a fact that says if you really want to revisit the Paxon days, why don't you ask Droughton John Ford to block George's carigan? I don't know what that means. When we... there was a big raid involving Chris... Remember Chris Reed? And Sam, remember your good buddy Sam when we had to go and get our show materials out of there and they wouldn't let us have it. Yeah. So we loaded up the van with my cabinet, which is in here now and all those dats, which is at the core of the DCS and a whole bunch of other things that belong to us. Right. They wouldn't let us leave with it. And so, Pete Moldier told John Ford to block the van in with his car, which he did. And then they called the cops. And I don't remember any of this. You weren't in here. Yeah. This was during your seven month hiatus and I came back to the... You're in a seven month paid limbo, I love that. Let's try that again, what do you say? Yeah. A week later I came back and Pete Moldier told me, don't worry. You can just get your stuff when you come back, lied. And wouldn't let us have my stuff, my stuff. And so we had to raid the building, our good friends, let us into the building, helped us load the van up. But then when John Ford arrived on the scene, he blocked the van. You just got through telling us this. Yeah. There you go. Didn't he just tell us this being a boy or my dreamin'. Yeah. You did. Why are you repeating the whole story again? That's why I said, if I could have to make sure that you got it the first time. Oh, I see. So what was the upside of the story? We got away with our stuff. Pete Moldier kept a box of best of debts. And still has them, I guess. Yeah. What do you know, we can do it, we can stick him up his hand. God. We better and most of the crap he's putin' on here. Here's the facts that says, Kudos for scolding for rail on your cross over this morning. It's sickening me here. Oh, yeah. Listen, I love for rail. I'm not doing indisclaimers. I keep saying that because it's true, but. But it says it's sickening to hear the leeches in this town call and big for four-hour tickets to referrals giveaways. I've listened to you bitch about that aspect of this town for while. Especially the women who call and big. And as usual, you have your finger run in the pulse too. I'll keep listening for similar words of wisdom. Says this chronic facts. So you are right on top of it, man. It sucks. I want to hear him doing this thing. I want to hear that. I don't want to hear. Okay, we got you. We got you covered. We got you. Okay, Denise, you need 10. We got you covered. What is that? Let's give away $50,000. It's what do you say, okay? Let's give a $200,000. It's that'll be a hot seller. I mean, you give me a chance to fill up a couple of sections. Give it out tickets for free. What is that true? I mean, you talk about beating a dead horse. Even CBSG didn't that dead. It is just a lost cause. And well, you know, maybe they're going to get hot. Maybe Darnell and to make the playoffs. I've never in my life encountered anything. Like the whole Marlon experience where they're just trying to Flajulate and just be dated at the ground. You can't force people to care about something that they don't. In fact, there was an article yesterday of one of the papers here about interest in the early baseball is way down. And Buds Cedric is doing his best degree of bad reputation. Everything's just fine. No problem. We don't have no problems. Interest is way, way down. The ratings for the All Star Game last night. Way, way down. Whatever it whole night, it was a Tuesday night. So what, who the hell are they kidding? And like we're going to devote the whole goddamn radio station during the sports hours to the Marlon's and Marlon tickets and who's thrown off the first pitch. And Greg Reed is thrown out of the first pitch. And he maybe ought to get the microphone and make it announcement there in the stadium on Saturday night. And admit that he made a bad mistake there, which allowed modus, snooker, him in nice gone mode. Absolutely. I'm almost, and again, I underline the almost part. Almost on most side on that, you know. You follow what I'm saying? I understand. They, they changed. They, they had a right in the contract that they heard him do six to nine. And then they shoved his time slot back, which is great with me. I like to see him on like from three to four in the morning. Kind of like in as a guest on the Jo and Mark show, that's at most. And then they think they can just, you know, and that's it. And when you're dealing with somebody as devious and dangerous and, uh, caniving as he is, you don't pull crap like that because then you wind up paying for it. That's why I have a right about in your newspaper. Because Greg is trying to keep it a secret, which is especially why I keep talking about it every time that I'm on. Which you ought to be glad it's a summer schedule. How about Alan courty? It says of course he was on for a long time. About 30 man. About a million years. This is excellent. This fact you just sent me with a phony signature on there. But it's cute. It says, hey Neil, what about Sunny Fox and it signed Ron Hershey? Hi, this is Sunny Fox. I listen to you Rogers because I can hear the word asshole. Oh yeah, those glorious days when we had the Ron Hershey highway. And what did he call that thing? Where he's through those phony corny awful interviews? Oh my god. I wouldn't know. Oh, and Clarence was sitting in their second Ron Hershey's ass. Oh, he got some good practice for the beast, I guess. Oh. Here's one. It says, and I see this is not right. His name wasn't Jean Michael McKay. It was the initial G Michael McKay. Right. It says creative innovator of JJ Moose van Elvis Polo Pony's for the poor and the dysfunctional father. Okay, G Michael McKay got him on there. We got it. Phil, Henry walking away with it so far, 34 manned. It's 19. Michael, middle 11. Micrineary. Nine. George Rodriguez. 9. I'll get out of here with all the respected George. Read the question again. Okay, aside from Neil the best all-time soft-loader radio person out of his or was George Rodriguez is tied with micrineary with nine votes. I mean, come on folks. Are we on the air? Is this a joke? Squirt, squirt. I don't see any calls on Edward on Sienna where we've used on a beautiful mind. People call him to say, oh, you're right. It was a great movie. In fact, that's the reason I almost didn't watch it. It was just YouTube guys. Right. And that was the end of that. Also, no more names coming in for a list. I think we got most of them so far. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'll do screenless the rest of the two hours. Don't be answering no phones. Okay, you've got a lot of very important stuff in there to do. Hello, the ticket to Fence team. You've got to take care of those bedtime stories. You've got to get ready for your defense that you're going to mount in your 17 cases. You're coming up. Under a lot of stress. That's what happens when your life is a piece of crap. When you can't get your life in order in effect, we're going to stick you right in there with what's his name, Old Russell from Sanamonica. Russell Crowe. Russell Crowe. And that's another thing that really isn't disturbing to me. So maybe he is an asshole. Okay. Yes. That's what everybody says. But his acting in that movie was so sensational. Right. He's a good guy. Don't he win an academy award for that? Yep. Did he or just get it for economy? No, he won. I could go get the disk in the other room and look on it, but I'm not going to do it during the break. And she was great in the movie. Although he was, I mean, you can't compare it. No, he was. He does a good act. When he showed up, he was all about him. Right. It was amazing. And she was great. She was very good. It was fantastic. But so he's an asshole. I'm not looking to go to dinner with him. Okay. I'm not looking to socialize with him. I'm looking at his work, his art, his performance. All this other crap is so I strain. He said, bugs their hell out of me. All this personal garbage. I mean, look, look at some of the people we work with. Like, more he's an asshole. Absolutely. But look at what a great show he might be doing someday. Look at a great show. Look at a great show. He doesn't have the moral and game at the Dolphin games. They only probably be. I mean, when you're doing a job like he is on the games and somebody that owns the team hates you. And I'm not just making that up. I got that at a very, very good authority. Somebody I respect and trust very much. Here's the question. It says, did you eat the first paragraph of the AP store at the murder and bloodshed at the market? Authorities were investigating why the 86 year old man's car cloud to a crowded farmer's market killing nine and drink up to 45. There's whether the driver was competent to be behind the wheel in the first place. It says under what guidelines do you find an 86 year old man driving through three blocks of people competent? It must be the Western intelligence doing the investigation. It has a matter of fact. They thought he had that uranium from Niger. Yeah. It thought he was the guy that was carrying it in the trunk of his car, which is why they put him on a high chase. And he liked veered off the road right in that market. Well, that was a weapon to mess this track. Poor Russell. On a US to the Queen of Solso, you've been interrupting me so much. I haven't had time to really do pay her or do. One of your very favorite Celia Cruz, the grand down of Cuban music for woman who's on the steakable voice resonated with the rhythm music. rhythm rich guy. Pablo. That wasn't her. It was on the steakable. All right. Died Wednesday after a seven month battle with brain cancer and George is pretty pleased about it. Cruz died at five p.m. at her home in Fort Lee, New Jersey. She was 77 or husband, set her a 78 according to most biographers. What's the year or two when you get to be that old? The Cubans on this side of the floor, the straights her death and keep in mind. This isn't a herald again. Waxing eloquent about one of those people. The Cubans on this side of the floor, the straights her death is much more than the silencing of one of their homemines, greatest musical figures. Celia was the very embodiment of a fabled nostalgia, an nostalgia-hewed Cuba, an icon of nine inch heels and sky-high wings, whose heart always beat to the sway of those long-laws palm trees. What does that mean long-laws palm to where did they go? I don't know. I know where they are. Hurricane, get them. Her death represents the shattered hopes of every obweller and obweller who pray they live long enough to see the end of Fidel Castro. It was Cuba, it was Cuba! Oh, and then the sardical goes on about the exiles this and the pain of losing their ho- What does this have to do with a price of rice, huh? What does this have to do with Tex-Mex? Nothing. What does it have to do with my life? I have no idea who she was. There will never be another Celia cruise, a good friend Israel Cachau Lopez, credited with creating a mumbo on I knew I didn't like her for some reason. Nobody has her grace or style her voice like Benny Moray. She was going to be a legend. Oh, Benny Moray. You know who that is? No. I don't know either. Cachau had known Celia since he first started going with her family in neighborhoods, and she was the first to go with her family in neighborhoods. She was the first to go with her family in neighborhoods. She was the first to go with her family in neighborhoods. She was the first to go with her family in neighborhoods. She was the first to go with her family in neighborhoods. I don't know. It was always in her. You said. I think her part was always in her. Cachau. And it goes on pages and pages and pages and pages and pay. Oh my god, I must have missed something important here. Celia cruise, moving important day. Make no mistake about it. I'm sure we'll get a couple of calls on that. Thank you. I'll see you soon. Maybe it's already out. Maybe it's not much less there. Maybe like Wayne. You got a big shiny ball spot. In his case, he can afford to do it. He can look like whatever the hell he wants because he's a billionaire. If you don't like it, shove it. But most of you guys out there, if you want to look good, you want to look your best. Haven't a full head of hair is an important component to that. And that's why you ought to be calm. My good friend Charles Alphayri because he's been designing and supplying. Hair systems to the rich and the poor and the infamous and the infamous everybody in between for over 35 years now. And right now Charlie Zawfer Neil and all it's should be an offer you shouldn't refuse because the deal is great. Some are special hair system. Only 549 bucks per first time customers. This is Charlie's natural hairline system. The best in the business. And it looks just like the hair is growing out of your head instead of a farm animal died on your hair. It's where you're here used to be. If you already have a hair system, you can save yourself 50% on service and repair. On all types of hair systems, including shampoo and trim. So here going this summer months during these dog days is a perfect chance for you to give Charlie a try and get your hair back and start looking and feel better than he happened a long time. Call Charlie today there's no obligation you can change your life forever. 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413 and tell Charlie giving my hair back now, damn it. Or check them on the web at CharlesAlphiary.com. This is for 20-5-16. You way, yeah. Fierce! First there was a club. They had a tough device that lots to the steering wheel of your car. Then there was the cap. The anti-thed device that prevents thieves from picking your airbags. Now there's the ultimate in state of the art of protection. Introducing the crap. Two and a half pounds of steaming human experiment that pops neatly into the front seat of all domestic and most foreign vehicles. Probably installed the crap that turns even those to turn into. A nice guy. They left it dry and like. They just got a little spit. Oh my god, so much okay, don't bother the front seat. That is disgusting. I'm moving under the next car. I'm with the crap. And think we'll move on to another car that doesn't have a steaming pile of human experiment on the front seat. We guarantee it. What are the crap? We are car today. And then anyone who tries to steal your car will be in deep? Well, you know. Yeah, we know all right. It's our specialties. Crap. 11-19 at 5-60, Bob tell you we have really blown in here today. How could we do the first almost an hour this pull-and-out have Scott Farella on there? I'm a very... I'm worried about. Stockton this made. I don't know. What is wrong with us? I'm thinking about selling a cruise how crushed I am at her passing. She's driving home on her way up to Hershey Highway to the Boko and he's her who we're shining. He believed me. It's not by intent. Although we do wish you'd quit that Marlon giveaway crap. But nevertheless, Scott Farella, he's going to get a lot of votes. And in fact, he may catch up to fill it even past him. What do you think? Are you sure? I don't know. We'll see. Here's one. How could we forget her? She may be gone. But her laughter. What's wrong? She's already on her work. Trying to work a little bit ahead. The babbling broke Daniel. She's already on the air somewhere. We can only pray not. How you don't bro? Rainy grows one of me. How about jazz decay? Hey. Yes. The cake. Let's get jazzed. McCann here. He won't talk. How about, let me give you a little clue. Oh, he's out. And I don't mean Harry Kiri. How about her in summers, right? Boy, we're slipping. How about Chuck Meyer? A lot of work on the back show. See, the audience ain't helping us out with this so soon. I mean, if anybody knows who's been on here, I know. And I might even remember a few of the names. Even though I'm a dog-ingold fool. Here's one. This one said, the one that's advancing broke. It says, sign award-winning news journalist. William Miller for the turn. Boy, you turned. Oh, that's a panic. Yeah, we sure had some real interesting people there during those packs and days. Wow. Woo! More on. And Tom Hawkins. Well, Tom Hawkins was no idea. Radio first night's news. Huh? No. How about the news guy? We're not putting news people on here? My green. Me green. You have a lot of you got to want to put the plant guy in there too. We're talking about people that like had to show more than once every six months. You know, okay. Then, maybe a few more shows them. About 30 minutes. Then she did. Phil Henry 48, aside from meal, the best all-time software or radio personality is or was. Phil Henry 48, you made it 24. Rick Shaw 14, George Rodriguez 14. Now, even you said that. Give me like that. I mean, what would you send that to you? You've got 14 votes? Why not? Why not? Why not? What's your idea? Is he got a serious look at his face when he says that being a boy? Ted series. You've been looking at the group these days. Come on. Let me, let me, let me, now keep in mind, okay. That a lot of these, oh, I don't feel like that. You know who he left off? Alan Burke. That's Mr. Dean is rolling in his grave hearing the fact that you got 14 votes and we didn't even remember to put him on there. Suds Coleman is probably really pissed off. I voted for Suds. That you got 14. He's got 13. Yeah, I'm happy about that. Jamet. Jammet. Although, homie, how many people be in tomorrow? How does it make him in Rickfield? You got 14 in your beaten him out. Well, that makes us feel like duty. Right. Anyway, Suds got 13. Randy Rhodes got 13. Wow, what? Mike, we're in a real 11. Bill called her nine, rest in peace. Both of them. Rick Riley seven, rest in. Hank Oldberg seven, the hopper. Ron, ready to ten six. Mohour, David, at five, that must be the humor vote. Bill Tanner, four, Alice, Randtell, three, big Wilson, two. Jerry Williams, two. Jerry Williams only has two votes. I voted for Jerry. Anyway, Jerry Williams only has two votes. Well, again, like I said, all those people who used to have a WNWS, they're all dead now. Big Wilson, two, Tom, like us two, I totally need to be on air. Scott Ferrell's got one. He just went up on her. Steve came one, 41. Stan Major one. Alice, Ben at one. No votes yet. None. Zero. That's bad. When you've got no votes, run the Asler King to a Reynolds Allen court. Negey Michael McCabe, get a K. Brook Daniels and Chris Baker and Jazz McCain are in some as they just both went up. There are two hundred votes to have none. Would you be a little bit embarrassed? Well, that they were here. And are two embarrassed that you have 14 votes? I am. No, now it's 15 votes. Are you dealing with that thing? Is he talking about? Is he doing multiple votes, Peter Boy? He's trying to get me to. Yeah. He's probably sending emails around the building. I've walked for me. Vote for me. What's their business? It may come any votes you get on there. Exactly. I had a great time. I'm bothering you. I think we were so disappointed. They were so impressed with George after they heard me on for about five minutes on that Friday. Yeah, that must be it. You know, as we didn't put Bina Boy on there. Oh yeah. Uh-huh. No. Uh-huh. We're thinking this. Well, do you think they'll go forward? I mean, they went for putting Mo back on there and we write in this contract on a threat of lawsuit. I think what I'm going to do is like make the law foundation refuse. That is they can continue after I'm out my next three and a half years or sooner. Much sooner. Uh, the call to New Yorker show and what I'll do is I'll let them use my voice and my name. And I'll do some spots. What are you laughing about? No. Think about this. You'll do the show and you can all like be like a phantom. You know, like Jickinson. I'll like calling is the mood. You know, I'll sit around here at the board once they're while open a pot. I don't want an any silent. Right. But they'll still call to New Yorker show. Still get a decent. Probably have the highest number. See, this is one thing as bad as George isn't he is awful on here. But when he's on the summer time, he still beats the rest of the station. He beats those sports shows. Not even close. You're not allowed to say that inside this. Well, I don't give a crap over the ram or not. It's the free control. Still has the highest numbers on the station. So what does that tell you? It tells you either the other shows that sports stuff is boring his dog crab. And what's with this for real trying to back down to they do you hear that? Well, I was on it there two or three days. That's full crap. When did we start going back tended to what was it? It was on in May. He was while he showed up in May. I don't know when the whole morning went. When did we start this new line up? I give up. Well, let's find out. Let's have somebody to build a little bit. I'm sure was like by the first adjunct because that was the idea that we'd have the whole month adjunct to swoon and croon and spoon and sing a happy tune when the numbers came out. Great. The logs. Huh? Carlos can dig through the logs. No, I don't want to dig. I can't. Duff coming in and there he's probably practicing his karaoke for the animal coast. Come in there and give us an information. Duffer Clarence is something that knows when did we start? The new format of going back to tended to and for well from eight to ten and stick and mow in there which was a violation of his contract. Stick him in there between five and eight in the morning. Absolutely. We'll find out. Or maybe they're holding their meat again. Hang his thing as possible. Clarence is probably under a lot of pressure because he's got a fill in for Rod Gildy. Let's see. What is what's the story with that? Well, that's right. This week he's filling in for the beast. Next week. I see he fills in. I don't get this schedule. He feels fullen for somebody else here. Hey, fills in for a guilty next week. He's all over the guy damn place. He's kind of like our swing man. He's swinging it. And he oughting to be very pleased. The Clarence Josh Dero is going out with the like a real living and breathing girl according to farewell tonight. And we're going to want to blow by blow a lick by a lick a sniff. Yeah, that's right. And we'll put him on our website. Phil 59 Jim Man did 27 George Rod Riga's 18. That's got to be a crank vote. Randy Road 16 Rick Shaw. Can you imagine Rick Shaw is probably pushed in that cap now. He's so pissed off. He's already rich. What is he care for? 18. Rich. You think if he was rich, he'd still be working. You think he's in there because he loves the business? Yeah. You got to your mind. I hope he calls him. I hope he calls him and say, you know, and tells you what to read all about. Just because of guys that on here for 40 years. You think for that means that he's rich. He ought to be. I know what he's going to say to you. I'm interested. Yeah. Rich my ass. Well, I'm saying it. I might take a call or two here. I don't know. I got a lot of stuff to do here. I got some very important stories. Women promiscuous with the fact that there's sex lives. And basically this story, which I thought was very interesting, that women lie. They deny having sexes often as they really do. Oh, no kidding. Right. They assume the men were lying exaggerating the number of a partners. But the new study suggested the women who lie will get to that drugs from Canada spark US ROW where they started the pharmaceutical company being as clever as they are. They've come up with a new phony organization, a front group calling itself the seniors coalition. Question in the safety of Canadian European prescription drugs because the drug companies want to continue raping you people for your prescription drugs and they're getting everybody in panic. Oh, we can't be sure over the safety of those drugs from Canada and Europe. Like if you buy whatever you're buying, so core in the US. It's different from the Zokur they sell here. Who the house kiddin' who here? And then I got the British claim the inveditalizania. A rock. I'll count you. I'll count you. It's a crap. So little time and so much crap, you know what? Like I said, it's especially we'll find everybody in Georgia's front seat. Probably John Foremouth. But what an asshole he turned out to be, you know, with his cardigans. Worked with me in the bird and Captain Dave on Zeta pretending to be our good buddy. And then all of a sudden, he came over to Passen crowd. Wouldn't even speak to me. Pretending to even know me until one day, uh, was it that tried to demin' there that one day? Was it bulger or was it, uh, was it nine billion? Very penis. Hey Harry, how's it going, A-shrrrr. They don't think about the Passen outfit, but they sure had a lot of drugs working for them. I think it was a club. 28 passed 11 at 5, 60 WQM and the 10 comes down to your Carpets Clean. The name you want to think about is Dry Concepts. Everybody that comes to work wasn't for RedUnsend Dry Concepts here a couple weeks ago. 6203 was the loon, uh, the loon, uh, the loon, I know. Okay, so in other words, almost the entire month of June. Yes. Well, not really because the spring work ended June 18. So in all fairness, it's like a little more than a half a month that he'll be in there, but he should make an impact. You better make an impact, Scott Orls. We're also going to take away those Marlon tickets. And what are you going to do? Anyway, Dry Concepts was in my home a week ago, two days in their usual stellar job. Over the years, over 20 years, I've been using them in my house because nobody anywhere is better. Dry Concepts is done on the one Carpeting Company in the world because of the only one who dry clean. Your carpets with that exclusive patented method. And now Dry Concepts offers you a chance to save 15% on your next Carpeting. All due to his call, Dry Concepts, their toll free number 1800, 2485071 has to be put on their stand by list. Then Dry Concepts will cut to the next 10 they have an opening in this schedule. So when you fly, stand by. If you're available when they have an opening, they'll knock 15% off the regular price of making a beautiful floor in your home. Call Dry Concepts today, and ask to be put on their stand by list. They might even have an opening for you on the day that you call. And you'll still get a 15% discount off the price of the job. Believe me, it'll give you a guaranteed price of Prompi for they start. They do a spectacular job. Your carpets are drying a couple of hours. They smell on me fresh. And you'll have a big smile on your post. Call 1-800-248-5071 or check them on the web if you like it. Dry Concepts.com. My and local, we're sports video 560's you and you AM. Match the list, man. You checked out. Alright. Make them tasty and crisp everywhere. If you fry your cats in crystal. You won't miss them at picket everywhere. Call across the nation. And a mole of our patients grows in. Call the consternation. Weepies and the nation. Weepies and the nation. Weepies and the nation. Weepies and the nation. Weepies and the nation. 1133-560-WC. Here's the good one. How can we forget our close personal friend? Hardie. Yeah. Don Cox. Right? Get him on your right away. And roll it pro. No, no. There's somebody actually is our friend. Roll the pro. Yes indeed. Good guy. Is he still at the kiss? Far that of? See, that's amazing part about that. I mean, power 96 all over. They're in the same building. Power 96. We still have no idea who's working over there. So for Albee's silk. Pretty good guy. But does we know anybody else that works there now? Tony the tiger. He's still there. Yeah. Kid. Kruy. DJ Lass. Well, kids, scurvy. We know. But I'm talking about the on ear people. DJ Lass. I don't know who that is. Anyway, roll the pro as going to go on the right away. Somebody says, how about adding Craig Warden list? Of course. How could we forget all Craig? Well, it's a long time. You know, I mean, most of the people we had listening at the KT, they've been did for a long time. Maybe 20 years, maybe. About 30 man. At least. And here's the facts. As you're absolutely right about a beautiful mind, everything about it is well done. Russell, Crois, tremendous. If you haven't seen LA confidential with Crow and Guy Pierce, or the inside of you must see them is is good or better than he is in a beautiful mind. Is that true? You saw the insider. I did. We talked about it. The about the smoking thing. The tobacco company exactly. Oh, that's a very movie. Right. And LA confidential is also very good movie with Kevin Spacey. Russell Crow, they need to be. I sure. Kevin Spacey's better than that one in the usual suspects. Oh, yeah. I better watch the individual suspects. I'm not going to talk about the ending. That's all about whatever. You like it or you won't. The ending of one. LA confidential. No. Or usual suspect. I'm not going to like it because I'm not going to watch it. Oh, then don't worry about it. Beautiful mind. I'm delighted. Oh, now let's see. Here's what it says. The best business they used to be in. This is hysterical. It's the best business they used to be in South Florida. See their wolfies are six flags Atlanta. So please put them on a pole. What about Howard David? Why is he not on the pole? He's probably the finest broadcaster in the history of South Florida. He is one of the finest play by play guys in the history of South Florida. I play guys in the history of the sport. And the fact is signed by Howard from Boka. Oh. Why? Well, you know I was reaching. I was struggling to find Howard from Boka. By the way, not only is Wayne H. Zingahate mole, but Joe Rose H. Some like forks and says the gloves are off and they know he'll come back any more. So what he said. Put Howard from Boka on there. He's already on there. No. Herman and McBean. Well, I haven't got to that yet. Jesus. I got that in my hand right now. Boy, you are really. You see how carried away he gets going. Headboy. Look at that. He's got all these funny votes. He's the crankload of the day obviously. He's got 30 votes. He's one behind a mad dog. I mean, with all the respect George. I mean, thanks dad. I thought it'd be proud. What does that mean? Boy, you need some help. You need help, you know. If you've heard the whining he went through this morning about how Gary's a guy's Gary Sarner's screwing him over on an account. Yeah. I was here for that. Wining. I mean, I empathize. I sympathize. But what am I going to do about it? You know, it's different. And that place. It's typical. What am I going to do? Make up for the 50 cents a week that you're going to lose. No. Not having to count on whatever it is. I'm already paying your goddamn car payment. Yeah. I told you we just spent it. But I don't want to hear it. I'm on vacation. I'm not even here. This is a recording. Phil Henry 70 votes. He's running away with it as we figured he would. Are you sure? He used to be really great used to be Jim managed 31 George Rodriguez 30. Wendy Rhodes 19, Sudskullman 15, Rick Shaw 14, Mike Winnery 14, Mike he is spinning in his grave. Here in a George got more votes and he's got. In fact, just hearing the George's on the ear. Hey, Goldberg 10 Bill Calder 10. Sometimes I feel I haven't played one of those in a long time. You know what? Yoder. I should play all of them. Those those are great. This is what they are. Sometimes I feel myself. Sometimes I feel that Jim is passing you by. Oh, you can play with my fear. And then there's always. There's one of the unsung heroes of South Florida radio of the last many many years. There's many many years as our good friend Mitch Lewis. Am I right? He's the best. He's an unsung hero. He's the guy that gave us. And also, boy. And so many other things. Always good. Anyway, the fast from appliances. How about Herman and make bean from the GTR glory days before it turned into the soap coast station with your buddy Johnny Dark. How about Johnny Dark? He was never on well, yeah. He was on your reading lineers. Yeah, get Johnny Dark on. He'll appreciate it. Especially since you all let him come in for lunch anymore. I like Johnny even though Johnny Dark said it. I just don't want him sitting there pretending to be in my sidekick. That was pretty embarrassing Johnny. And Herman and McBean. But how do we do that? Because we're not putting group some. We're putting individuals. I don't see him. I don't see him. Skip Herman. That was his name. It was McBean's name. Ali McBean. Was it was it? Jim McBean? I think. I'll somebody will know. I think was Jim McBean. Also Billy Raven from love 94 7 a midnight. Do you have any idea who that is? Never heard of it. Billy Raven. How about how could you forget he? Do you know he's going to take it personal and maybe commit suicide. Before he starts his new job. Greg, you don't. Greg, you don't. Greg, we Benjamin, but don't. A legend in his own mind. Well, we're slipping. Huh? Get him on there before he starts to take him a lot of pills or something. Then don't forget. It's a good time for the great taste. Neil, this is noodles. Reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste. Yeah, noodles hasn't come back. You still an atopying parlor. See how I watched that again. That's for our version. That was great. I mean, how many movies can you watch? So do you have to take a few days off and let your brains unscramble. Sure. And absorb all the stuff you watched before. But I think I better get the big little whiskey. I better get that one this weekend. And what was the one you were just touting a minute ago with Russell Crowe, L.A. confidential? Yeah, I'd have a sign. That's good. Very good. Yeah, that's what you said about bully too, okay? Bullying the bully bully and all that other crap. Whatever it had you were peddling those little punky kiddie movies. Those awful nasty kids. Gamo George. George didn't recommend gamo. Why? I'm very sorry. Poor kids. Don't. I won't even let the near my machine. I won't let the kids near my machine. Twenty-till noon at five sixty-to-one. Here's something you ought to let near your mouth. And that's, don't know not that. Older you'll met. Older you might self-shill. Just contain the finest dollar boil on this planet. Around any planet for that matter. I can't imagine they got too much olive oil on the other planets. Cause they're not growing too many trees. Not the growing too many olives. Anyway, this isn't just your ordinary pedestrian olive oil. Like you'd find on Uranus. It's super concentrated and loaded with health benefits. Older you'll met every day. I was just thinking about that. Older you'll met on Uranus. Older you'll met every day. It can reproduce the risk of heart disease. Not cholesterol. Plus there are 14 different olium and foremost for you to choose from each one combining. The best pharmaceutical grade olive oil you can find on the universe with vitamins, minerals, and herbal to support specific needs in your health. From your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system. Just pick out those formulas that are right for what you need. Now there are three new exciting olium and foremost. What to help you sleep? What to help you control your weight and self-tutin? Believe me. Coq-tutin is one of the most important things you could ever stuff in your mouth. Pick up some olium and while you're out shopping today at publics, echryds, Walgreens, Whole Food, Market, Stabros and Sedanos, or order it online at oliumetamerica.com. If you mind more information, call them toll free at 1-866-Olliumet. That's 1-866-653-6633. Pick up some oliumet today. Like I always tell you, for better health, that can't hurt start poppin' it in your post today. My life and love all this is for three of five-six. You're way too way ham. But let me say something for... Let me say something. Let me say something. Boy, what a workout. Hunton? Oh yeah, I'm feeling pumped now. Okay, after we hit the showers, you want to go to Scarce some burgers? Sure, Frank. Sounds great. Ah, tea, Tom. Nice, good mark you got there. Yeah, I have a whole trouble with butt spits whenever I break wind. But what are you going to do? But hey, what? But hey, what? Good, oh, butt hey. It's new. It acts as a shielding in those nasty skid marks they can form after days of use. You know, I think I'm going to try new butt hey. Oh, without the markings, I know which way my underwear goes. Well, you've always got old yellow. Oh yeah. But hey, my bro checks. It's 146-14-2005-60W if you have the highly popular, the wildly popular gym and it's... Oh, right. Maddogs come up into a clock. Hank, the hump row beyond 4-7-3 full hours. No ballgame tonight. Marlins in the Cub's tomorrow. Let's give way to Marlins tickets. What are you saying? Oh, come on. Come on here. You need 10? I got you covered. Let's see. Aside from me, a Lebestoll time-suffle to radio personality is there was Phil Henry just waltzing away just bearing the competition. 83 votes. George Rodriguez got 40. Ahhhhh. Jim and his 35. Now, aren't you embarrassed that they made you the crank vote of the day? Yeah, I'm a shocked and mortified. Jim and his 35. Randy Rose 22. Mike winner is 17. I'm only going to read the double digits. Rich, Shaw 17. Suds, Coleman 16. Bill Carter 10, the humpers got 10. And for real, it was the late editions of Got 10. We have problems, guys. You know, I'll give everybody a handy crab. Right? Sure. Kobe zooming up the list. In fact, he might even pass George. Then says, how the heck would anybody remember Alan Burke to even vote? Well, if they're remembering, I see Craig Wardings got one. Alice Rand tells Got four. How many is Jerry Williams got the late creature? Three. Three. Three. One of those is mine. How's sad? One of the legends? I mean, he was no George Rodriguez, but anyway, how the heck would anybody remember Alan Burke to even vote? Just say, Phil, reviles he may be in reason days, although I did love listening to Burke and even good old Jeff Charles. Do we want to put Jeff Charles on here? Who? No, we don't want to put him on there. Rick and suds in the morning, the Neil then Phil never again will there be a golden line up like that. Still brings tears to my eyes to Dan Lansley. Let me do Dan, almost as many. Almost as many as when I was watching at last 20 minutes of a beautiful mind. Everybody was great. I think I should take some of these calls because I'm worse to roll in the long guy. A lot of stuff here. As Rick Rodley would say, look what did for Rick. Nobody QI in. See, nobody on there, they didn't wait now. I only been Ramlin for about 45 minutes. So you people better get with it at summertime. There's nothing going on there. Can I fool in me? Got the big rolling stones here July 30th. Gonna be some people coming up from the estates, maybe even from South Florida for that. The guess who? AC DC? Eyes lead brothers? Rush? Just take her bow. And a bunch of other people too. Do I leave anybody out? The one good piece of news, Anne Marie won't be there. And either we'll sell you any. I'm going to be there either. Or sell you some news. WQIM. See you in the close won't be there. Hello? Yes sir. I can't believe that George Duke's allows the ticket. Charlie. No, okay. Thanks very much, sir Reverend Jones. Ancel. Drop dead. WQIM. George Duke. It's a business card that we have flew up at it. Yeah, he is. WQIM. Yes sir. How are you doing? Okay. All right. I just, I'm out of town. Have you seen beautiful mine yet? Now I haven't seen it yet. I'll check it out. WQIM. Yes, good morning, Neil. Yes sir, how are you? I would vote for Ron and Rob. But only if they were listed together on the call because once they separated, they were never the same. But Ron and Rob together I would vote for. Really? Yeah. Even better than George? Better than George. Only because they made me laugh a lot more. George isn't funny. George is very entertaining but not funny. Right. He makes you think about things but he never makes me laugh. He's too cerebral. Yeah. He gets caught up in his hand and he belated you're not on. Yeah, you're right. He's boring. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. 560. John Benton stood before that he fracked a piscobal priest. The man Benton accused of sexually abusing him up to 100 times 30 years ago. This is in Largo, Florida. A panellist passcode judge order the ex priest to look at Benton. You stripped away my youth. You stole my innocence. You destroyed my spirituality. Benton said in the pack court room yesterday. Mr. Pollard, you are guilty and most certainly meet your end and they called and lonely prison. To which we say. Absolutely correct. Richard A. Pollard, fathered dick. Dressed in a blue jail uniforms stood without showing any apparent emotion. Pollard 74 pleaded guilty to two capital social matter he charges. And was sentenced to 25 years in prison for abuse that occurred while Pollard was a priest. It all Saints Episcopal Church in Tarpen Springs about, well, a bunch of years ago. I've heard a man. That's what it says about 30 years ago. Pollard must serve every day of the sense which would make him 99 if he's ever released. Judge Jackson Arnold said a sentence was tantamount to life. Benton, a residential designer of his family been with friends with Pollard when he was a boy. Told authorities he was sexually abused by Pollard both in Tampa and Tarpen Springs and it goes on and on and on. How did tragic story that assholes like this would like to cover up an Avaria upset the way I've seen put him on here because it's true because it's embarrassing and humiliating and degrading. That this the world's biggest scam the world's biggest closet continues to go on in flourish. Although they're a little bit chored on cash at the Vatican. Anyone helped my church. I'm being a boy. I'm being a collection. Yeah. Good. Now this story about Russell well or like I said of Santa Monica this 86 year old fart. I don't I just can't stop thinking about oh you know. Wow. I knew we were pressure packed today but my god. Somebody should have caution me. It's almost noon. You know what I haven't done yet? I was hoping you'd forget. No. I have it. I haven't marked in my book right here. We're already through page three. I'm going to move on to page four. Another paragraph from that best cell are living history. Hillary Rodham Clinton which is sold over a million books from coast to coast. Hillary says my mother's father died in 1947. So I never even met him. But I knew my grandmother Della as a weakened self-indulgent woman wrapped up in a television soap opera and disengaged from reality. When I was about 10 in Della was babysitting my brothers in me. I was hit in the eye by a chain link gate while at the school playground. I ran home three blocks crying and holding my head as blood stream down my face. All right. When Della saw me she fainted. I had to ask our next door neighbor for help in treating my wound. When Della revives she complained that I had scared her and that she could have gotten hurt when she fell over. I had to wait for my mom to return and she took me to the hospital to get stitches. Oh, there you go. And if today's reading brief right to the point from living history by Hillary Rodham Clinton. You know, I'm going to get blame for tanking the numbers in the summer and you're launching torpedoes like that. What are you talking about? This audience is riveted Della. He's book. I see. So in other words, he's covering his ass again as he moves into second place here on a pool as he's pumping in all kinds of phony votes. It's fun. But luckily. That's what Bina votes will make. He still had me 92 George Rodriguez 46 and the worst part is George Belize it. Jim Manis 37 Randy Rhodes 24 Rick Shaw 18. René 17, Sud 16, Scott for Ralph 13 he's moving up. Bill caught 11 and Rick Riley 11. Hank Goldberg the Humbers got 10. Everybody else in single digits. Any votes for the old timers on here yet? One for Craig Worthy. One for Alan Burke. See, somebody remembers. 342 votes so far. You know, I mean, I totally this before, but it bears repeating since we're discussing this today. Old time radio stuff. Is that he was really a very nice guy. See, K. On come you. Weather. He was Alan Burke. Even the one here, he came across as a real crumurgeon and a prick and a heart ass. Because I replaced him not once, but twice. Were you aware of that? No, I bet it was. They blew him out at IOD when they heard me. He was doing afternoons after they got rid of Sandy. Oh, I'll be lady Sandy. Oh, let's not around there. Sandy painted Bill Smith, but we'll get to that. And so I replaced him there at IOD. And then. Wait a minute, was that the second time? That was the second time. Because when they heard me at IOD, he was working nights and they replaced me to a They hired me to replace him at IOD. And then, spite of that, when I hit my stroke, the first one there at IOD. He was one of the people who called me at home. I have no idea how I got my home number. But, coming was extremely nice and concerned. It was a really great guy. And now he's dead. See the good people are the dead people. Like, silly Bruce. See the crews. He was a good person. She was like, bundles of funds. She was annoying on TV. So I hear from Joyery. Scared the hell out of me. But anyway, she's a dead. It's a mood point now. Sandy, Peyton, let's get her on there right away. Okay. And I'm sure that a lot of the old ladies out there been waiting breathlessly for Sandy to say. Have a nice day. Right. What work did you want? Sandy? Have a nice day. Thank you. I would love to keep you all to myself. What a bitch. Everybody at IOD told us I never met her. But they told us that, you see, that's Alan Birkimi verse. On the ear he came across as a prick like I often do. And off the ear he was a great guy like me. Right. Her. On the ear she came across as his sweet one. And off the ear she was a bitch. Quint to everybody that worked with her at IOD. Everybody. Except, of course, her friend Cheryl. But other than that, it was unanimous. Who was the one that hated like? I guess so, Reneri. Oh, I think it along at all. He used to do their own little crossover there. And he hated her. Oh, after I went there and you mentioned her name. He would like hyperventilate. Perfect. Huh? Huh? He'd you say, say, are you not going to Reneri now? The man is dead for crying out loud. He was a good guy. Yes, he was. See, you have a bug up your ass because of Roger Magdalene. No relation to the blame Reneri for Roger. Yeah, you do. He had to. It might be nice. Like with the pipe. I think you're holding it against the Reneri. Trust me. How do you punks out there that I know who we're talking about? Too bad. Too bad. Some day you'll be a dottering old fool like me and mole. Absolutely. And then you'll be talking about reminiscing about stuff that all the young people have no idea what you're talking about. You'll say, see, this is great because you guys are punks. You don't know what's all about. But they'll do you know. And I look at the names on his list and they'd have a lot more votes if we had a lot more old farts still live here. All around Bennington Hammond. Course he wasn't that good to the first place. He had nice hairdo. How are David at seven Ron Bennington seven? I mentioned, I mentioned mole, which is he had some of Bennington's hair. So there's a blue shield. Yeah. Oh my god, can you imagine that? Mole would probably give up that new contract as if it could just get some of Bennington's hair. Put away that musk red. 156, four minutes till noon. Don't forget all the pressures on for round now when I'd book up when a full book comes out of the reason. I have to make tough came back in. What is that? Thursday may 29th is the exact day. Oh, so that's even worse for her. I mean, we're better standpoint. It put it puts more pressure on him. No, it's good for us. See, I want to go on record right now saying, you know, I'm old. I'm dottering just like Moses. I have no problem with that. He's right. And on the second target of carrying the radio station no matter where I've been. It's always well. It's on needle shoulders. Newell bail. So how many times have you heard that? Thanks for bailing aside in this book. Yeah, million times. You know, if the whole station has a great book, then I always have a spectacular book. You know, because it's always that graph they make with it. They give me that big finger in the middle, whatever hours I'm on. I'm tired of that. Let's like for well, have the big numbers on. Let's hand gooses. I told him this morning. I really mean he's got to be the savior now. To bring us back to those big numbers and granted it's like less than a month. And this book coming out, but he's going to have an impact in there. So unless we go up substantially, I'm going to tell him right now. He better get with him. Quit with that Marlon ticket talk. Just about killed me. You give him a stupid ticket's way. The audience hated that like poison. Although they probably won't hold it against him because he's luked on a block. He comes in with a lot of good, you know, good feeling. Mode is not to be as paranoid. Now they's got that new contract. How do you like Ferrell this morning? Santa me. He wasn't after six to ten. Does anybody believe that? No, no chance. No, I get out of here. Scott, you weren't after six to ten. My faddle ass. Ferrell's on such his ass right now. He's got 14. He's got 16. He's right on his ass. 11.57 at five. 60 WPM. If you're in a dead end job, like maybe radio. We got an answer for it. Maybe college is going to take too long. You don't have four years to wait to find a life and it costs too much anyway. But if you can't afford just ten bucks a month and commit yourself to three nights a week for four months. Fast train can up. You achieve a new high paying computer career. That's correct. Just ten bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify. Call fast train toll free at one eight six six fast train. And with four locations in town or is no way that there's not one close by you. They're in for a lottery deal. Miami, Kendall and Pembroke Pines now. So column today and talk with a train career counselor will straight you out in such your life on a whole new path. Call one eight six six fast train. Fast train offers day evening. We can schedule job placement hands on training. So column today. And be sure and tell them that old Todd Dreck was also not quite so old but very feeble and more ways than one that he told you to call one eight six. Fast train fast trains deferred payment is valid for your regular payments supply thereafter. And don't forget Gary Sarners and asshole whether you are high school student on summer break. Somebody really underpaid did end job or just looking to increase your net worth and want to get your life on a different track and start making some real serious cash. Call fast train today one eight six six fast train or check a lot of that wicked worldwide web if you like it fast train dot com. My my. And look. This is for 235. This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q 8. Um remember the 70s. This girl. Please your suits the party family. But you know the best part about the 70s was the hair. That's right people head great hair and black people had the best hair of all. Afros right that's right like I was Williams of third on the mod squad. Truman helps land the Jefferson and pretty much anyone on Sanford and son. Yeah, well, mom he had great hair. Well now the 70s are back in time including those great looking Afro. San Miguel Jackson's in hope fiction. Now you can have hair just like his thanks to a revolutionary new product from the makers of rogan introducing all new Brogan. But I'm white that's okay. Brogan is specially formulated to give any one a great looking Afro even white guys like me even white guys like you. Dying on my broken or bald. Vittley to white guys who wish they were young. Hip and black. That's a loony. 153 at five 60 WM are you sending me some of these facts as twice was in my imagination. I don't think so. Didn't think I wanted to say about the yeah you did. That's okay. Understand you were a lot of stress you've tried to catch real Henry here. Are you. He's. One year your on his ass. We'll have you 98 George Rodriguez 61 Jim and 42 Randy Rhodes 25. What I can't look because I'm installing quick time. Micrater 18. Richard team. I'm just keeping you abreast of the situation. Thank you. I'm going to play something right now that you must listen to pay attention to this. You're ready to talk. You write off your seat. Okay. Keep an eye on me. Second Tearned. Second Right Buttonyu. Second Epoch. Third And Signed. Don't. Second. Second. Second. Second! Second. Second. Second one. Few extra pounds. Second. Second layer. Second layer. Second screen. Second layer. Second layer. Third layer. Second layer. Second. Second layer. Second layer. First layer. Second layer. I hate that station. Yeah, Bob de Carlo. Bob de Carlo, get him on there. I guess he was only afternoon, driving home, I guess. Bob de Carlo, the problem with this dish from anyone is that the titles are on the disc. So go to hit that. Yeah. You all know what I'm saying? I guess I've dubbed everything else off of their interview. DCS anyways, since I'm way ahead of you guys, I'm way down to road. You'll never catch me. Got lots of good stuff in here. Anyway, here's the facts from Chris and West Palm Beach, who says I really started enjoying Jack Cole. During the 96 elections, the way he would rip Bob dole. Jack Cole rip Bob dole. And Republicans was priceless. How about the inquisitor general, Mr. Jack Cole, rest in peace? Okay, get him on there, Jack Cole for the Palm Beach crowd. Make them feel better. Because the people in Palm Beach really feel like we're in that market and having worked at Janel myself 18 year old. What was it? 108 years ago. 28 years ago, 1975. That was the where I was almost skinny. That was the year I lost 96 pounds. Oh, then I got that search party going and found it. Larry Kent, Larry Kent, rest in peace. Get him on there. We talked and remember the name of that old guy that used to call him in Ripian, asked that homophobic old Koot, I'm sure is dead by now. Tell us. Now, not then, I see he's reincarnated into Dennis. Or any soachin, how can we leave off the great Ernest and a soachin with those wonderful buyer with him shows and a missing sock shows. Any soachin. Good guy. How about you, I'm a little bit at it. I said Rick's Spider, but yet. We're getting to them. Okay, we're getting way down the list. Okay. You have to have a minimum number of listeners to qualify for this pull. 30 man. If you were than 30 listeners, you'd not qualify to be on here. Now, you notice who we have a put on. There's going to be very upset with us. Think about it. Think about a silly person wants to be a baseball player. No, if you just to norm a can. There he goes. He's got that big one. Oh, everybody in the court house is for lottery. You're a good for you, Norma. You're an idiot. You're a silly person. Stay the hell away from me. Oh, my God. How could we leave off one of our very unfairness people? Another break already? The queen that was on WOD that provides that fruity. Okay. Sound by Drew Michaels. He crossed my mind, but he was only on for maybe two weekends. He's an asshole. Nah, they're crazy. I'm telling you. I like it. I love he said that I like it. I thought Joey sucks. He wasn't totally a more well-drop than one hour of one show. Get him on there, Drew Michaels. He's led you. We made him into a legend. I mean, anybody that can say, oh, we're the kind of fruity enthusiasm that he did. Okay. What's not to like? Plus we got all these things in here. There's only one Neil thank God. And I don't want to be him. Unbelievable. Yeah. I saw him once. It made me agree. I wanted to go straight so bad when I saw that child. He made freaky curls up there in our reception desk. Seems like a hercules. He had a handshake like Bob Neil. Yeah, fruity. Real fruity. By the way, Bob Neil, we hate you. We can't stand you. I want to pass this along just so you can't see. You didn't tell us so we told you so. What? You don't even know what it is yet. I'm speculating. No, you have no idea. I haven't facts this story. It's not one of our bedtime stories. It should be. Internet users will allow others to copy songs from their hard drives could face prison time, bener boy, under legislation introduced by two democratic lawmakers yesterday. And the ticket defense team will be able to help you with this one. I'm not saying that you're doing that. But I'm just passing through our computer. Was it I'm passing it along? Oh, thank you. The bill is the strongest attempt yet to detear the widespread online song copying that recording company says led to the decline in CD sales. Of course, it couldn't have anything to do with a crappy music. It. No. Sponsored by Michigan representative John Coniors and California representative Howard Burman, the bill would make it easy to select criminal charges on internet users who copy music, movies, and other copyrighted files over peer to peer networks. Also over peer to peer networks too. Take a long time. Are you interrupting me? Here I'm trying to do like a couple of bedtime stories. The recording industry is aggressively pursued an after-cazai and other peer to peer networks in court and recently announced to apply the sue individual uses as well. In a series of hearings on Capitol Hill last spring lawmakers condemned online song swapping and expressed concern that ever-skid spread computer viruses create government security risk and allow children access to pornography. Few online copy of right violators of face criminal charges so far, a new jersey man played the guilty distributing a digital copy of the movie The Hulk. In federal court three weeks ago, but the justice department is not taking action against the users who offer millions of copies of songs each day. The Coniors' Burman bill would operate under the assumption that each copyrighted work made available through a computer network was copied by at least ten others. By others at least ten times for retail total value of twenty-five or bucks, that would bump the activity from a misdemeanor to a felony carrying a jail sentence up to five years in jail. It would also allow the practice of video-taping a theater movie in the theater, a favorite elicid method of copying movies. Can you imagine that? I don't have to imagine it. No seriously, we've ever seen a guy watching a movie in a theater with a camcorder? You have? Get out of here. No. No seriously, have you seen that? They usually do it during the private screenings, the priest screenings that they make available to the critics. I think those people are just not right on a spot. I mean, what kind of crap is that? I mean, talk about being blatant and obvious. At least go out and get a bootleg powered in one. I'm not suggesting that. You know what I mean? That's a problem. If we were to sell it, yeah, that's where they get the bootleg. Asoles. Charge is moving a little up on the fills ass there. Aside from Neil the best all time. What? You give it a little bit of a shot man. Like Jimmy Johnson says, you got a shot. We got a shot. Aside from Neil the best all time software radio personnel that used, there was best all time over the last hundred years. All through these golden oldies of radio. And now ladies and gentlemen, Charlie Van Dyke show. See K. Well, he ever worked with his works. He'll hand me one or three. George Rodriguez 65. The man dogs, your man which 44. Are you got him beat? Randy Rhodes 29. 29 Randy. Richard on 19. Ricky Tickie started to put a little move on his fist. Right winner, he 18. Sudskullman 17. Rick Riley 16. But if you put them together, they still can't come close to George. Hank Goldberg 14. Scott for RL 14. Now, when you think for RL would move up a little faster. He just has to move on up. He hasn't been here that long yet though, huh? Exactly. I mean, when you look at George, he's got 65 votes and for RL's got 14. And most got only eight. In fact, you add them together. They got 22 between the two of them. And you got 65. So that means you're going to be, listen to me. 65 to 22. That means you're going to be getting paid three times as much as the two of them put together. Bill Connor 11, Joy Reynolds, Joy Reynolds 10, how are David at eight? Joy Reynolds is even beaten out the moment. Absolutely. Wow, that's embarrassing. And you know what? That's humiliating. I don't have other listen to Joey. We'd. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. That's just a cheap shot. And don't say too loud because I'm listening. He's monitoring right now. No, no, no. It's a day off again. His days off are just like, excuse to sit there and keep the radio cracked up. We're loud and grumbled all day long. You're a cruel man. You've got that blood thing. He's got the blood blood. Blood disorder that's for all made up right. The one that he made up so is not to with this. So it could stiffer on that golf permit. If I ever heard that man talking about charity about the giving back to the community and raise money for charity again, I'm going to spit blood all over his post. Then I have a blood disorder. I can't wait until the wintertime. Until November when I come back for the entire winter. That's going to be great. I'm going to come in externally every day to avoid the traffic and to bond with not close personal friend. The mole man. That'll be great. Absolutely. I'm able to do that. I'm going to hang around in the control room there with that moustache on my head. Where you, where you, where you want vacation night day. I don't think you were there that day. Are we there? We're there. I was here. Are you sure? Yeah. Are you sure? Are you sure? Are you sure? Are you sure? I'm looking at my head and I walk in the control room. And he looked at me. Like that. Almost at a heart attack. Yeah, he didn't know whether a scream or eat a banana. the best part was when he started chuckling and said take off those checker pants and he's obsessed with my pants I think he wants to get in them I saw I think that's the deal I really do I believe that I think he's got the hots for me so obsessed with the way I dress and my shoes and my underpants all of these things I mean certainly his wife can be put in up for him anymore I mean would you go with that sour nasty attitude he's got 12 13 at 5 60 WCM it's Neil Rogers summer savings event and it's going on right now presented by the great time limit in Joe Prado and Halipone Act GMC here's a list of all these great deals they have waiting for you right now if you're smart Neil deal number one gets yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every single 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock the yield the number two get up to a $4,000 rebit and every 2003 GMC in Pontiac in stock attention current and former military personnel get an additional 750 dollar rebate from your friends and Halipone 750 bucks waiting for you just because for the heck of it Neil the number three least the new 2004 grand pre GT1 for as little as 289 bucks a month it's a 36 month least see our good friends our pyzons our palies at Halipone Act for details and also now at Halipone Test Drive Vehicle for 24 hours that's right take it home take it out for a spin take it to work take a worthy one up there she highway for up to 24 hours and as always they got a great selection waiting for you of dependable pre-owned vehicles cars trucks SUVs whatever you don't worry about having marginal credit because they're not they don't have their nose up in here at Halipone if you come in on there lot they want to make you deal somehow Halipone Act GMC 134 one-sauftixi highway or they've been making great deals for over 35 years that's on US one across some of the most prestigious falls the open every day seven days week if you want more info on any special deals just called the Neil deal hotline toll free one triple eight five three four forty two eleven that's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven all Neil deals subject to credit approval see the folks in Halipone details Halipone Act GMC where they say we are professional grade and they mean it their marbles and plaything then at half past four their cable young lady she looked like a pretty young creature she sat on the grass she pulled a purchase and she showed them her ruffles and laces and white club beat dark she said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin while the boys in the barnyard were shoveling rep you send later from yesterday's hunt while the girl in the middle was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dock he looked like a man with a size of bull home in the country with a big fence out front it'd be as sir one likely she showed him her little bet the who was subject to fit and maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands with a movement so quick and then she'd been over and suck on his candy so tasty made of butter sky and then he's bred with cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf if they this is 30 you can go to yourself oh my god so my 10 at five sixty let's hear it for Chris Baker oh my god oh my god he sure was bad one he got a job George yeah I know it's an inspiration and let's see you got 68 votes how many votes is Chris Baker got on here's even on the list yet uh yeah he's got one 68 to one how do you like that so he's making like 30 grand a year right now what 68 that's 24 that's 204 grand we're no wait man that's that's 2 million in 40 thousand I'm sorry I wasn't expecting a 30 2 million in 40 thousand year for little George I wonder who'll pay me back for those car payments oh with interest here's a fact from Jerry and beneath his springs is a very good fact you're in a good guy but obviously has a bad memory it says I don't think last year was on very long in Miami you're wrong about that Jerry he was on too long he was on GBS and then I got him hired at the somewhere I and Z I think for weekends oh he was beyond a shed of an optimal the single most depressing person he made bokeh Brian seem uplifting by a comparison see I don't have that do I yeah you've most have it L.A.S. Dash just I'm on it right now when you just calm down you're so uh I have no confidence in me just relax anyway the pressing morbid just here is voice you want to blow your brains out or his it says I don't think last year was on long wasn't he on at night anyway I don't think you should be left off list get him on there Bob last year my mom on here somebody might remember him I first started when I lived in Tampa this year he picked with his 10th to 2 PM showing WFLA I still think he was one of the better minds in radio I'd he like that oh wow it's too bad it's like a emotional stability take a matter radio I don't think it was just that year I think it was the fact that he was like I said boring and suicide and dozing oh you mentioned that he used to be really really fat yeah because when I met him he wasn't but you could see all the groupie droopy skin like the deflation when was this when we went up to Tampa I went up there remember there was a whole big to do up there got a free meal Randy wanted us to shack up you know you heard that remember that we went as you want studios he was fat and then he lost the weight and got all the saggy skin just drooping and hanging yeah like his eyebrows whatever he was a terminal and boring but get him on anyway Bob last here's one it's his caring k i wanted to play i didn't know he was dead but i couldn't think of maybe Allen Burke you know Karen K he signed a packs and consult her yeah she was good she was known as great talents that packs and brought in a fabulous work that's gone uh pity bulldozer and idiot she was born you got on here on the bottom of about any k how can we have left and capitalized before i did you know gambling crowd get him on her right away any k and caring any k and caring k sorry I didn't want to lump you would have been she was another one who thought by going on the year and saying vagina a lot and orgasm and whatever other uh feels she could spew on here that was gonna get her an audience and i i think back to those days when she was on and she actually got calls that's the thing that but it's like the sports shows on our station they get a minion calls you know yeah from the same hundred people from the same people now here's the facts it's very sad this is what about sunny fox he's on there how it's stern is not a local radio tell sorry and the eye got you down lady Erin summers we got her on here god it's a start taking calls or retire is what it says okay let's uh let's get them they're starting to take in a few disarcus we got the big one and two hour the summertime hour come up which i think we ought to continue that to like what is uh the season start no member on the moon and six well look at it this way how many hours does mode do moan gildy three how many hours this for well do two mad dog two Hank whatever miscellaneous three is three max two and a half sometimes one and a half to three max the only people uh at join mark coming hours did they do now three the only pnk is usually an after a ballgame so he's rarely on for the full time this show is the only one on a radio station where we're required to work an entire four hours so i say what's wrong with a little bit of a scan here in air has long as we can continue entertaining the public but i think we have to sweat over hot microphone four hours is a long time man exhausting exhausting it's draining it's innovating it's ex uh it's ex aspirating debilitating right feel heavy 120 and George has got seventy i'm telling you man if you crankers i mean a few people out there continue supporting George this way he could pass for like he stands still it's about time they cranked on mighty half are you sure w q m hello yeah i want to mention touch him a column oh how could we forget that in fact you know something the scratches voice uh before uh for rell was tapping a column you got it thanks for underlifts that's uh it was puppy field on the radio i'm k t but like only part i mean if we're going to put her under you have to put alphi on there all those other i mean come on the only k t person deserve it to be on there was great wording in yours truly anybody else knows how to spell duffy duck uh what a p a f y tuffy m c capital c a l l u m macalam hi this is tachy macalam and i'm a real right wing asshole bitch maybe she actually died in turn into an encoder you think so you're impossible i'll let him think tuffy was uh whatever and is not see bitch tachy macalam i got another good one for you how about John oh i forgot all about him c oh and see that would have been a good spot i'm sorry my bad that's the part where you're supposed to say from last of your i didn't know he was dead oh yeah i'm who he was talking about when it was uh i don't know why i have no idea you're asking me like stuff that haven't all that that many years ago you gotta be off your rocker whatever your name is five six seven oh five sitting oh seriously i my memory still damn good in fact when you get to be my age when you get to be a little far like past sixty you start doing in your spare time while you're sitting there like uh taking your medical you know with it you have to spoon in the glass you're spitting them at a musical rhyme why do you do an at you start thinking about uh and with me of course it's harness racing as long as i can remember all the horses driven by Francis oh here from flushing Michigan you know oh h j a h leo bucky dill and think of the time as the quarter times of the races and then i know my mind is okay milled root r driven by crummit beetle you're how many years ago these things are hundred uh forty uh forty years plus when you can remember that the first horse you ever bet on was named Eldora Janko driven by the late um maclomerian hazel park and we're from the nine hole in Wonder Race and paid two eighty to show you by two dollars to show then you know that you remember still pretty sharp what's your name so remember the important stuff not not the uh my new shop my new shirt like uh some of these people were talking about today i did remember jazz macato jail bird radio that was good right but we're not better ratings only they don't give dill reason inside you actually remember those days he was and this is the true story for those people i'm not old enough to remember we had a guy named jazz macay on iod doing afternoons for a while you actually used to get a lot of phone calls from guys in jail sure more more than not yeah right most of his people like us at runny and said joe rose how could we forget joe rose my god especially after the way he's redeemed himself uh these last few weeks my god the things he said about how hard these got a big hard on things like that joe rose wise and chapter four still this cool wise and defa on there it's right well we can look it's taking us time this is a massive undertaking speaking of undertaking the mood is a fact about mulligan it's just i think another great image of mull for your website would be mull man the superhero can you imagine standing in checkered pants with one hand on this hip and other holding a seven hour with his cape blowing in a wind i like that this is if i was computer savvy i would do it but i'm not this is from jay and boi and also i like for a lot but he's doing his best to kill a show oh yeah you know i see it's not just me two hours of if it's free it's me people calling in droves is dreadful and embarrassing you know you're a great talent for a lot of pisses us off even more if you had no show if you had no accurate anything that would be different but you're a very funny guy you're very entertaining you know some of your sports inside and out although i'm as a rescue wasn't as good as Ryan Sandberg but regardless that's what people tune in for not to hear i mean ticket if i never did it i'd be you know out of line but i've been to that i've been there done that it was a board of i mean George contalia oh please we all those you can't wait oh can i have the tickets can i have the ticket oh my god it's a temptation the worst radio and absolute uh two now if ever there was one the most embarrassing crap that ever done and you know wild ticket central yeah there you go she was wondering there's a lot of the millions of free loaders and soft loaded it's bad radio scot the audience is starting a p-o got the crap forget about the freaking marlin's nobody cares you know hurricane seasons here before storm hits you always put up shutters to protect the windows and doors of your home but what about the roof of your house huh the so may paint factory makes roof master gave roof coating that can up your hurricane proof your roof so may as roof master saved hundreds and hundreds and ziggins of rooster in hurricane Andrew while the unprotected roofs are peating off and flying down a road so may also as waterproof coatings for every kind of roof called a so may paint factory at 305 633 63333 so may paint factory is the oldest quality paint waterproof coating manufacturer in town so may is going to save you a lot of cash because they eliminate the middleman markups and they sell to you and everybody else at wholesale prices that are 60% lower than what you'd pay for the same national brands in your expensive retail stores so protect your home and property from soft loaders top top of a timer with the best paints and waterproof coatings do with the best unbeatable prices called the so may SOMA why so may paint factory at 305 6336333 or find them on the web it's so may dot com SOMA why so may dot com is save yourself a schmitt loader cash when you buy directly from the SOMA paint factory please tell me all ancient dot ring the alternative call 305 633 6333 who cares for any of five six four you淡 it it was one Who's that man out in the morning? 6 to 10 I'd ask you and he's the guy with Mr. I'm jealous he's cry. He likes to think he's known the one. Blah blah blah. He's bigger than the first blah blah. His eyelids are the most blah blah. The biggest man in radio today. He plays the songs that make you sleepy. He steals material from me. He gives the time and the weather's looking fine. His jobs have played the song again. Blah blah blah. He's bigger than the first blah blah. His eyelids are the most blah blah. The biggest man in radio today. Let's make the song a sister station. He brings the blood in here today. If the clapman could lose another kid, he'd have more boring songs to play. Blah blah. He's bigger than the first blah blah. His eyelids are the most blah blah. The biggest man in radio today. Blah blah. He's bigger than the first blah blah. His eyelids are the most blah blah. The biggest man in radio today. The biggest man in radio today. He's the only person I've ever known my life who had fat eyelids. That's why that line is in the bit. It's true. He had fat eyelids. He's a fat eye. Here's a fact with all these names on it. I thought we were going to put sunny fox on there. I don't need to start a fence or just a respectful. If you walk in the control room and see the roggies, it appears as though he should have wheels or both sides of this chair. He's sitting there like, crouch down. He's so forceful in the radio. He's such a little like if he doesn't have a bodyguard, but he leaves the radio they should good luck to him. What does that mean? I mean, I'm a defenseless understatement. He has one set. I'm the softest human being ever saw in his life. I'm soft and pudgy. Anyway, the kernel. Who'd have the kernel? Carl Sanders? No, seriously, this list of radio people. The kernel? Carl Clink? Am I supposed to know who that is? Carl? Well, as soon as they tell us who that is, maybe we'll put him on there. I don't know who that. Irene Richards. Let's get that bitch. I mean, yeah, that's slot on there. Irene Richards. Can't stand the Irene. She knew one of those people would like suck up to your face like her and a bird always hated each other like poison. And every time you'd see her like to your face, she'd be friendly and behind your back. You could feel the knives. Crazy, cramer, rest in peace. Let's get him on there. Who? Crazy, cramer used to be on with Tanner and while 100. What? Crazy, cramer. Okay. It's before your time, I guess. Randy Thomas. What the bogus, though, she had to love her something? Don't you? Magic? Randy Thomas. Get her on her. She was one of them stations. Oh, look at us. These silvers are used to be with TMI. Now I'm 1060 AM classic music station. These silvers. Anybody know? No. But get him on there anyway. Just there. Him or her, whatever that is. Let's see. Let's see. D-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E. These silvers. Phil Henry's got 140 votes. We're searching for your thoughts. What's your take? Aside from Neil the best all-time self-loader waiting for personality is or was? Phil Henry 140. George Rodriguez 71. Jim Manage 54. Randy Rhodes 35. Rick Riley 23. Randy 22. Sudskull 22. So if you put Rick and Sudskull together 45, and put him into a solid fourth place beyond a mad dog in you and Phil. Rick shot 20. Nice gone, Rickie Tickey. In spite of your hour 21, just got another one. Sputty ramping about the Vixie chicks. Stick when he oldies Rick okay. Leave the politics to me. Stick with the oldies. You old fart. You fothl you. Hank Goldberg 16. Scott for RL 15. He's just creeping a little bit. You know? Just he just got here. What do you mean by that? You know? He's back. He's not. They're not that familiar with him yet. Get out of here. They're not that familiar with him yet. What are you talking about? He just got here. He's having a lot of fun. I wanted to go. Will you shut up? I'm in a he have a lot more votes if I wore for this Marlon Tickey give away. He's doing. He's going to shoot himself in a guy damn foot. He isn't careful okay. I'm not trying to tell him what to do on his show. But the quit doing it. We depend on a guy for a great lead in which he was given us there for one. All of a sudden, the show is degenerated and the given way more. How many of you want? I'll take 10. Okay, you're covering. You're covering. I mean, what kind of crap is that for two hours? I mean, is opposed to like the chindelating usual crap, the craziness we get from this guy. Okay? What kind of garbage is that? That's what we want. We want two hours of every day. I hear a bunch of feed loading asshole. Some people are for reading a begging and pleading and squeezing for a bunch of cheap ass tickets. They can't show off the few bucks for themselves. God, I hate that. They're killing a man. Don't let them do it. Don't undo it. Scott, they'll kill you. Scott for L15. George Reynolds 13. That's embarrassing. You ought to be. What a hell of a hunter. Joe. Bill, called 11. Oh, how are they? David at eight. Absolutely. Stan Major and Johnny Darky Chavay. Okay. That's pretty sad, Mo. When you tie with Stan Major and Johnny Darky. Johnny's a good guy, but he was like a voice. On a coast. I don't think he was ever even a DJ in this market was he? No. He was at Arcade on Boston. He was all over the place. The only thing that I know he didn't well, maybe I'm wrong about that. Did he ever work at kiss? He did some stuff for them. That's what we heard. Lately, remember? He was doing some weekends and to fill in. He was to fill in. Was that before after Duda's close down? Duda. Every time I think of Johnny Darky. Johnny Darky. And also Duda. Anyway, that's where you stand out. The country abar in the joint in Grill & Place. You fill in. Fill in. We won. 47 George 71. Madder. Did I just do this or not? Yeah. That's 55 Randy Rhodes 37. 24 Rick Riley 23 when he read 22 Rick Shaw 21. I already did this. But that's your killed another 30 seconds real good. I'm not a fool. This is for 25 seconds. You way, yeah. See any Griffith show. Starry, any Griffith. What a... There's a new champion. You didn't need a feeding needle. Hi, Eddie. Definitely. Barny five. That's your service. Damn. You're my devil. Yeah. You was Ginian most broke. You think they know real crime up in May back? The undercover brother is back in uniform on the Eddie Griffith show. No, no, no, no. A sir, baby. I'm... I'm... What the hell are you gonna be? That's good. Did Eddie lack a show and it was a joke in the tongue. Yeah. They bury will never be the same. Now that Eddie Griffith's in town. Lord, I'm made. Isn't I need me a flow, bro? Give it brother, think it'll blow away. You, Eddie. You want me to put a little relax in there? Maybe, maybe, no, Jerry Kürn. Perhaps. Isn't up, please, enough. Don't be making me look like no hell. Stop it. I thought you were asking, damn, they don't. The Eddie Griffith show. Tonight on Nick at night. Right after my three-home boys. Before he sixed five, 60 WQN. This story about winning from Esquitos with Factor, their sex life. The study by psychologist Terry Fisher at Ohio State of Michelle. Alexander University of Maine found women give a lower figure on how many sex encounters they've had. If they thought their answer would become public and a higher one if they thought they'd be caught lying. When the women thought that they were hooked up to a lie detector machine, the number of sexual partners they reported nearly doubled, men's answers changed only slightly. How do you like that? Right. New this. Oh, all the while. Yeah. Well. Here's what it says. How could you forget Greg? Oh, Grego. Right. Yeah, give him honor. He wanted a word from the top of the business and broadcast. Yeah, that was an exciting month. Yeah. That was really an exciting month. They're hearing about this. Girls bomb movements. Yeah. That was very, certainly. Nice. Go on, P.D. Bulger again. You loser. You jackass. Kaka. Pup. Here's the fact that this is hysterical. This may be the most amusing facts ever gotten in my life. Says that was trying to figure out a way to describe who my crazy aunt was. When literally as I sat down to type this, I hear on a radio, can I have the tickets please? I guess if I played it, it would have like more significant. Yeah, the free ticket lady. The video I would eat. Hello. Ticket central. Hello, can I have the ticket please? There she was. Well, anyway, it says that was my crazy aunt that they asking for tickets for what she didn't know. She is one of the tickets. Well, perhaps you could do this 93 or 80 a small favor. She has distance herself from the rest of the family and she doesn't keep in touch. But now her 90 year old sister has died. Please mention this on the radio. I think you're her only contact with a real world. Her name is Louise. Her sister's name was Sally. Please tell her to contact her cousin's seamour. Thank you. Hey Louise. Sally's dead. Call Seymour. Got it? Got it. No tickets for her though. And it's a sad thing, as I bet she called for wealth for some baseball tickets. She was going to take Sally this week. Oh, if she calls, we have some for her. Yeah. Mike and Miramar says we should stop searching for weapon to mass destruction in Iraq and start searching for more 86 year old old forests driving Marooni, Bjorkless Sabres here in America. These fossil driving Jew can who weapons to mass destruction are everywhere. Old man will or kill more people in your average Hamas suicide bomber. And guess what, Mike? Absolutely correct. You got your thumb on it. Drugs from Canada spark US ROW. I want to say it again. It's a scam. The so-called seniors coalition is a man-if-fact-you're lobbying group created by the drug companies themselves. It says it may come as a shock for Canadians apparently are putting their lives online. Each ten days prescription drugs approved by Ottawa. This is a natural on OSTAR. Or so millions of Americans in more than half of the 50 states are being told in radio commercials. A bipartisan group of members of Congress yesterday blasted the US radio campaign as a responsible scare tactics by the giant US pharmaceutical industry. In a bid to defeat legislation that would allow the re-importation of American-made drugs from Canada and Europe. A lobby group calling itself these seniors coalition is questioning the safety of Canadian and European prescription drugs. The seniors coalition at St. Markins are now facing a potential stream of drugs into their country for which there can be no assurances of safety effect into their quality. It's one thing for a politician to rest their own life with unsafe medicine. It says it's another for them to risk yours. That line set up a buronuckled battle between US politicians and the drug industry with Canadian drugs in the center ring. Well, at least we're not sitting in no mad cow anyway. How do you like that? Let me know it. British plainly invented lasagna. I'll say that one. That sounds good for long. Yeah. It does. Can't do it. High in carbs, baby. It's all carbs. I'm having a little bit of a sugar withdrawal today. About two days with no sugar. Oh, my head has spinning. I got a headache. I forgot what happens. You can do it. When you go into sugar withdrawal. Seriously, when you start the Atkins for example, which I'm trying to do now. Very, uh, I've lost three pounds in two days, but man, if I got a headache, you can do it. Works through it. Oh, maybe the headaches from here and for a while give them away to those Marlins tickets. You think I could be a hunk? Quick doing it, Scott. You idiot. Had a great thing going, and now he's given away a freaking Marlins tickets. W-W-W-A-M. W-W-A-M, I hear you're breathing. Yeah, I'm here. I'll just go to the detention there. Larry King. He's on there. Oh, he is. I think I didn't hear him. He's only got one vote. Oh, yep. I've been on the phone there so long, I didn't hear him, but I don't know. Okay, thanks, pal. Okay, bye. Bye. Did he put it on there? That's all there. I know what's on there. I just told he's got one vote. I just perused. Okay. Maybe he's got more than one. I don't want to be lying. I'm dying. No, Larry King's got one. Only one, Larry. Most guys got a pair. You got one. Joe Rose got one. Defoe got one. Crazy, creamer got one. Run, Diaz got one. Have all what you're in the died. See the crews. See the crews. How's she got? Chris Baker, one. Jimick Bean, one. Skipper, one. So you put them together. You don't have much. You got a pair. Mike, she must in again. This is an age thing. If we had a lot of old Farts, so listen. And these people get a lot more votes. Right. She might come to the case. Got a voter and someone's got one. Or a pro. When you got one, Earl. Don Cox has one. Alan Burke won. Jack Cole two. Craig were the pair. He's got two and they're both on the outside. I think. Well, maybe they got out by now. Brook Daniels has got two. 40's got three. Meg Green has got three. Oh my god. Now you know that. Oh, you've got to be kidding me. Okay. Well, there's Meg or daughter who's son. Her husband. Randy. I don't hate you at all. Congratulations. You added him, Meg. You want to know something. Tritvily, I'm happy for you. Why are you happy for me? Because I am going to my boat. We're going after cruise. I'm having for the 4.5 years. My first weekend's off. I'm promoting my video. Yeah, yeah. I figured it was some kind of promotion. No, no, no. I'm just saying that I welcome you to the station. Honest to God, I do. Really? Trust me. I'm not lying. I caught the congratulate. Well, Meg. Can I just ask you one last question there? Why on your last show? Did you say I didn't have a chance in hell of doing anything over here? I'm not going to say it. I made a mistake. I made a bad call. I'm listening to you. And I think you're fun. And I think it's perfectly okay to have relax and have fun on a weekend. Honest to God. I needed to. How's that? And I'm enjoying listening to you. And it's no full. Now. Have a good day. See you. Don't believe a word of it, man. Start here and trash me for a whole afternoon. A whole afternoon. Say you're instead of didn't have a chance in hell. I had no talent. What the hell was I doing here? Boy, Gary made a big mistake. Now she wants to promote something at our tailgate party. She's going to kiss a little butt. I was gone, Randy. Wow. Speaking of a certain show. She always had a big period. Yes. Guess who was running the board and why we got that. On that green. No, who's running the board for Randy that day when that call came in. Adam. Wrong. Wayne. Yeah. Me. Oh, you were running the board that day. Well, you got away wrong. Give me too much credit. You're doing too well on the pole here. You're head is swelling like crazy. Something swelling. Veter boy city had a put like a cold compress on it to get the swelling down and the hit. Go. KWM. Uh, don't have any noodles. Who don't don't agony in noodles? Okay. Very good. Wanna put them on there? Okay. Don't agony. I mean, noodles was like, uh, that would be like putting a bird on there. We know how about the bird. There you go. Carlos needs to know. Don't don't. Don't. Don't try to stop that off. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Carlos needs to know how to spell agony because you'll forget if we go on to how to spell agony. Yeah. We can't experience you right now because you asked me that question. Is that the actual word? Is that his name? Don. Agony. A. Oh, and why? Believe me. Just as fun as to hear right now. Agony as in the agony in the ex-s, the sea. God and Glenn Hill. And Glenn Hill. The late. The Glenn, the bird Hill. Ha ha ha ha. Isn't this great that we got such a list that's a massive interview? Well, we're trying to get all the people in there who might qualify. Six hundred and five. We're talking about the history of South Florida radio. And of course, there are people who are going to be on here. They know, but do you remember's like, uh, what's the guy that died? It used to be on QAM? It was Marie Dolin. Uh, what's your name? Uh, uh, What was her name? That's on CNN. He had a news for many years. That used to work with. See, now, there's the all-time. Remember Jim Alton, but I can't remember. Lynn. Sam else. Not Lynn Sam. It was Lynn, uh, something. I don't know that embarrassing. But anyway, uh, what the hell was her name, George? I had to put it up. Okay. The guy that used to be on Jim Dunlap. Oh, boy. Well, the reason I should hold these things. Huh? We have jingles for him, though. And that's what I'm going to say. We have a lot of jingles for all of these people. I don't think like the sports guy like John Moynihan. He's also there. We got like. He's a tiger. Jim Dunlap. What's the role of the team? Yeah. Oh. Yeah. I mean, uh, who's going to remember? Ricky Tickey. He'll remember Jim Dunlap. I'm sure he probably worked with him. But nobody else is going to remember that. What's the point of putting names on here? Nobody's going to remember, right? Just for fun. What was your name? Lynn. Lynn. Jim Alton and Lynn. So, and so on. I'm warning you on KT. She was the program director for Little While, Siddleton liked her a lot. Right, Sid? Like there. Uh-huh. What the hell was her name? Lynn. It's on the tip of my tongue. I, I W K O M. We got a shot. We got a chance for a special. Thanks, Jimmy. Your old news, man. You're still nice job, by the way, here. W K O M. Hello. Yes, sir. Uh, well, then Russell. Lynn Russell. Lynn Russell. Would I give you a name? Go ahead. Bill Williams. Who? Bill Williams. Now, this has to be from the 21st century. That's twenty-first. Yeah. Do you all remember Bill Williams? I have no idea who that was. How about Jerry Williams? He was a great talker of his own eyes fashion. I'm what station? A one of the big ones. I don't deal with QIM. You're trying to about Bill Smith? Bill Smith? Bill Smith. Bill Smith. Jerry Williams. You put it together. Yeah. Okay. Listen. Talk about a muscle pops. And don't drive today. Whatever you do. Famous to been what's his name from Santa Monica. See, he, he just, they just shipped him down to Hallendale. He already discovered this show. Nice to welcome. I'm rocking this on floaty. You're loving here. The hope tells here. I suppose. It's great to have him here. We need lots more old fights to destroy everybody else. Am I doing balance for life now? See, I know I discovered why the beast is waiting until I've spun. They know more. He uses you fat tub a crap. And that was a horrible piece of city link by the way. You made yourself look like a fool. God. Like natural. If you want to lose weight balance for life is the answer for. I want to tell you one thing about balance for life that separates them so big time. From all of these other phony balloony weight loss programs. Is the food. I don't want to mention Jenny Craig or Pupyford systems. Any of those by name. But the food I know is other systems. If you've ever tried any of that even your perky would laugh at it. First of all, the portions are tiny. Secondly, their loader would be fine carbohydrates which are addictive and make you hungry than you were in the first place. And thirdly, there's not a chance in a hell that they're going to satisfy your appetite. Balance for life on the other hand brings you a black sack every morning by six o'clock in A.M. And in your black sack is tiny a food to keep you happy all through the day. Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks. They're all in there. And like I said, they're all fresh and delicious. No preservatives, no chemicals, no crap. That's the key if you're on any weight loss program. You know that's one of the most important things is being full and satisfied as opposed to starving to death. Another problem is what am I going to buy when I'm in a supermarket? Well, when you have balance for life, you don't buy anything because there's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, all you have to do is fill out the menu they send you once a week. There are two choices for each meal every day that's run a program. That's it. That's the only choice you'll have to worry about making. Other natto food is all in there prepared by them, especially on their zone diet, and they'll be the best way to get a healthy and healthy life. So watch the weights that are pouring off your body almost immediately with balance for life and stopping out of shape and gigantic and lethargic and maybe on the verge of diabetes or over the edge. Call balance for life today at 9.54. 5.6.8.32.29. Try the effective and delicious way to lose that weight. 9.5.4. 5.6.8.32.29. Or check them on the web at balanceforlife.com. My and local, your sports radio 5.60s you a UAM. Holy cow, it might be, it could be, it's the one to two hour with the elaborate. Saturday morning, joint full window, J-mo send his bully by the ace at the arm who sang. Or without that count. This adventures are very rocky and boring all. DVD DVD DVD. Viewed IDV images about 2-3. Okay, give me that crystal ball. Second, you got up in the wrong side of the bunker. Perhaps a poem will help. To game the game, your one-wack doubt dude and just like your oil, your smelly and groom. Ah, and most did you say your square or friend? Oh, you mean rocky? Sure, he's over there. It over there. Oh my, okay, what do you know about this to the end? Don't ask me, ask my empty. DVD. DVD. Who? Game the aircraft. Join us next time for oils well that end as well or kiss your guest. Good bye. Hey, moose, what weather forecast for today? Bow me. Uh oh. Here, ragging in Bow Winkle, Saturday morning on New Galodia. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, We like the chronic from the roots All the chronic from the roots It's first online Because we saw lack of confusion With half of its mind We're waiting for you I just come on up with your green for a bit We are. We, you and what army of Lilia who's your we All your friends are care over All your friends from trumpets bring Why don't you stand up like on your own It's always we, we like you got all your buddies How come you don't stand on your own thing We do stand on our way there's that we again man Are you speaking French or English? Yeah yeah yeah we're, uh we're, we're here There we go we are We are exactly like. Night 2 We don't want soccer on the radio White for They don't have a clue They walk on With the head of their moves It's always the same They're just looking in for fame And the lovely of yours I like the chronic from yours These are chronic from yours I don't believe it, look at that girl She's a big name beauty who's appeared in movies And you've seen her in the pits for show Yeah, I saw ghost Bruce Willis, is her hubby And she's got a little baby that she brings to this studio Right? She makes all kinds of thoughts about all kinds of clothes Not the clothes she doesn't wear Are the clothes that are painted on the girls They give on the cover of the vanity fair The vanity fair They call her as they give on the cover Fancy, that's make a mark cover They call her as they choose a crazy day And all the cover of the vanity fair They say they're very good, think about it They got take a look They got a great paint passion for skin type fashion Because she's gone out on a movie She got a body by her Williams And they even put in the trim Yeah, she got a pink strap And she's got a black, black, black, black, black And she's looking so dim on there Or so beautiful But she ain't seen nothing like the extra bunnies On the cover of the vanity fair The vanity fair They call her as they give on the cover Fancy, that's make a mark cover Fancy, that's make a mark cover Fancy, that's make a mark cover And the cover of the vanity fair All the cover of the vanity fair I'm gonna make it on the cover Fancy, that's make a mark cover Fancy, that's make a mark cover I'm gonna make it on the cover Fancy, that's make a mark cover All the cover of the vanity fair Boy, that's right She might be in a cover man Looks so beautiful smile She ain't even pregnant this time Millions of American shower with lever 2000, the body soap for all your 2000 touchable parts Now there's new lever 2000 touchable parts and your three untouchable parts Hey boss, how was your workout? Wait, you know nothing hurts me up in the middle of the day Like a quick game of squash and a nice touch show Well you look really refreshed sir And I feel refreshed thanks to lever 2000 and three Lever 2003 I knew soup, things like 2000 touchable parts And my three untouchable parts What untouchable parts? Well my heinous for one Why don't I just grab my pants and let you see if you say Sir, he is a whistle look Very nice I don't touch, no sh- And check out my scrotum Your scrotum sir, my second untouchable part How's that for fresh? Fresh is a daisy sir but Don't touch, you know how to problem I knew you wanted to I really have to be going sir But you haven't seen my third untouchable part All that's okay My penis! Look! But don't touch, I know sir No, you can touch this one No, they said that guy is his I really rather than I Here give me your hand That's it You kicked me right in the hot Sorry sir, I didn't mean to scuff you scrow It's only the shoe polish sir It'll wash right out Lever 2003 The soap that leaves you feeling so clean You'll be touching yourself all day long 10 after one at five sixty WCM, you're right I got the list here from people Well, we're going to put them all on there Might as well put them all on there I'll just pass these along Guess who else we didn't put on there Ken Maldon would be off Did Ken did Ken do a music show on GBS Cause that's before I came to the market I believe I don't know He might be out there Carlos says yes, we were talking about it yesterday I believe he did But I can do it Okay, well I can't Ken Maldon here is one of my favorite people in the world Ken Maldon and Arne Ginsberg Who was it GBS for about a hundred years Maybe not a hundred but at least I'm 30 man Arne Ginsberg Remember Arne Ginsberg, Arne Ginsberg, Arne Warren Arne Ginsberg was in Boston And you're letting me say these things That's what I know Arne Warren, okay? Arne Warren I apologize Arne Ginsberg If he still alive because Arne Warren was a corny old cout Anyway Albeys silk, he should be on there right? Right Bill Sim and I say I'm not putting the sports people on there Cause that's a different category We can do a whole separate thing on that someday Cause this other list you got me He's got a whole bunch of sports people on there We're not putting the sports in or how about Steve Goldstein Because it is a talk show Not just the sports play by place of guilty guilty on there Casternova, how could you have forgotten him? Easy Ah yeah, yeah really easy Paul Casternova And young Ron and put young Ron on there separately Ron, what's his name, bro? Is that his name? I don't know because I don't listen Liz Wild And how could we, and this is you I blame this on you Of all the people who forget The she, he crossed my mind But he was on for 30 seconds as well Fine, I know you need to bear an act He deserves to be on air Now I'll then bear us forgetting Robi Young Robi Young shoots certainly be on air Captain Dave Dave Capri to need to be on air He wasn't just with me on his Zeta He was all over the place And you'll never believe who I was My psychic powers again Thanks by the way for Liz Mark I was thinking about in the shower this morning I have no idea why I guess I was sticking up this pool Okay Debbie Ellis Boy was she at cow Get her on air Debbie, I never saw her in my life But I don't think she was like a little on a Porky side Speaking of Debbie Yes, I'd Joyce Kaufman Oh, Joyce Kaufman would be wonderful Let's get her on there Did you put Norma can't on air yet? But I want to get her all twisted Didn't want to not Norma can't Anybody else from the light bulb that we've forgotten You got the what's your name Rick Spiderman right Simon S.E.I.D.R.M.A. and got to be in a boy S.E.I.D.E.R.M. Rick Simon Joyce Kaufman What about the guy that we got to Bit about the boring guy Bob What's his name Begins with an S. Schine Mark Schine Oh Damn See the way I did that begins with an S.E.F.A When you get to be in old far use word association I mean, I'm not going to say it I'm not going to say it Anyway, here's one from New York in the keys What about Warren Crow Marty? Now he's a sports nerd plus it's Is it too bad he's working at the Mo and Crow Show in a morning Anyway, thanks anyway Neil When the keys change your name please How about the jailass? DJ Lazz get him on there right away What about what's his name that the fruit cake that the power The one you mentioned before Tony the Tiger? I mean our good close friend? I think he's a little longer than a boy Speaking of jailcastel Oh no You're good friend, you should be in a way You're good friend, you should be in a way yesterday and a showcastel Mark Eisenberg, you're right in his down And speaking of jailcastel, how about his close best personal friend From power 96 Full Griffin Get her to get that bitch on there And Mindy Mindy who? Give me the laying on there She's been on every FM station plan Slush for a hundred years, give me the honor Well what a list we got here Man we got eight million votes Phil, hang me 167, you're not going to catch him George 8, I've heard the news to you Aside from the elivest all time South Florida video personality is or was Phil 157 George 75 Mad dog 65, Randy Rhodes 41 Suds, 128, Rick Riley 28 Look, now look at that Remember what we were talking about that before the show today I think that's wrong What do you mean? That they're tied like that Moving right along, are you going to start to get a mw past the break? Let me do the break No, sir, I'm not supposed to be working in South I'm supposed to be playing out there Because I thought we were off to a good start I played some good crap there by the way Love that Lot more good crap coming We're not coming Where got a lot of old rock comedy That was not in there, got all that old like chronic from lutes I've been working my fat ass off man Black dog would be amazed how much good crap I got in there Here's a question for you, folks out there in radio lane How low can those interest rates go? Well, I don't know the answer to that But now the financial group does the limbo rock Under the lowest refinance rate you've heard of in a Coon's age How low? 1.95% That's right It's true now you can refinance your homer by new homer Get a super low 1.95% financing with the financial group Call him today 1-800-9 for Oland That's 1-800-9 for O.L. L.E. and D if you even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate This is what you ought to do Call financial group and ask away at 1-800-9 for Oland Which is it about these monthly payments How low they can go? If you have a 100,000 dollar loan you pay only 360 8 a month? If you have you way 200,000 dollar Your payments are only 736% So call financial group today It's time at Neil Foytty to call 1-800-9 For Oland to get that low Amazing rock bottom rate that you've been looking for for a long time 1.95% from financial group 1-800-9 for Oland That's 1-800-9 for O.L.E. and D The Renequel housing lender Credit restrictions apply rates So something to change monthly 5.19 APR 9.95 And low calls This is 4-3-05-60 You're way too way Yeah Neil Rogers on 5-60 Q-8-M Daniel Kwell was his name And it turned off his favorite cartoon He clicked the channels for the wedding He got three runs This goes from five to five In the spring of 19 Like the string before he had nothing to do He heard a rumor Los Angeles fell It was a time I remember also where The night Then Quay watched The Renequel All the phones were ringing Then night Then Quay watched The Renequel Brown All the people were singing Now that I'm so confused Made some big hell to know What were the problems The dangerous cow Those who lived in our TV Have a child away This blue band's reality How he's walking It goes on a cloud Had a hand in praying Then the common laugh Were pretty nice Just plain when the big bird The combination for some of us The night Then Quay watched The Renequel Brown All the phones were ringing Then night Then Quay watched The Renequel Brown This water singing Joggy of water Soon We're made upon our dish Get to our crew Really? Time for your animal On cheese mom None other animal Kids just hate getting animals And moms hate giving them But now there's a brand new animal They kids just love Introducing you and an animal They can't go to chocolate animal They can't go to the animal They can't go to the animal They can't go to the animal I don't know Billy That makes your third animal today Please Well Okay Cool At this time I want a green one Sorry son I took all the green one I did my two boys New animal Meals in your butt Not in your hand There's lady in sound She's a mother The darks jubes And she needs To my bread that is unleavened And she's buying red at seven He's laying on the bread On the bread is under On the bread is wonder On the bread is feeling wonder How much for kids? How much for kids? Could I get a poor nickel? Could I get a poor corn? Because more money than I'll miss How much for a hug? How much for a hug? Could I get a poor nickel? Could I get a poor corn? Because more money than I've got How much for a quick feel? How much for a quick feel? Could I get a poor nickel? Could I get a poor record? And would I get a good deal? Can I touch your eye, me? Okay Can I touch your eye? Okay Could I touch a poor nickel? Could I touch a poor record? Would I have to remind me? I got no money To spend Well, you be my friend I could take a spar If you please get in my car And I'll say Do you? How much for a hug? Could I get a poor nickel? Could I get a poor record? Can I afford a hug? A hug? And now Here's Kamakalali The former I vacuum minister of information With today's health update Good news There is no such thing as SARS You're cowardly American, you know? I think there's nothing to fear That's why leading health experts Encourage all Americans to fly to Beijing, China And literally, door knobs of the restrooms at the local walking clinics Also, a new study show That smoking cigarettes is good for you Just smoke a few garden America With today's health update I'm more on the side outside And I'll say, how many garden roast your stomachs in health They do to this station From all of the rates, from our rights, minister of information And now, language lab The show that teaches you a four language in less than 60 seconds Today's lesson, Greek Listen one, strawberry pie Strombedi pie Listen two, apple pie Listen three, pumpkin pie Pumpkin pie Customer What kind of pie do you have? Answer Apple pie is still unbearable And pumpkin Language lab is a public service And the not-be-copy-dorth-rice-resail Thank you Cool, baby Let's turn this mother out Top of the match of rapper He's on my TV No one heard of him before Our name is Bob Nadi I said that's Bob The match of rapper Who won't be here that long Not a lesson, learns the sing-not-for-right Up-ridden song I said Bob The match of rapper He's all over MTV Only because of one shut-not-for-is-be-i-g That guy may be someone who sells him Making it this way is long Making that short That best friends Making a flash ball Still talking doggy dog On the ball track 1 26 and 5 60 WQM It's our gigantic summertime one to two Are we like it a lot though? We're just fine Time And why don't we have that? What's not to like plus? All this stuff we're here and now And for days to come At least we're on the way It's going to be stuff we haven't heard a long time At least when I'm on George Yeah See if you had Shannon sitting upright Well anyway Hot couples contest Check it out Alexa and Mandy have moved the The 477 It's all I can say Alexa and Mandy Maggie and Tom who seem to be pretty comfortable Especially in that position 47 There's still a I mean, the way this is going It's only Thursday Okay, so by Tuesday Lots of stuff obviously could have it in will Aaron and Brandon are definitely with In shooting distance of the top 2 437 Brittany and Greg 379 They made a big move today They moved it And Natalie and Adrian 321 Yo Adrian So that's what we got so far in Hot couples contest Keep voting baby. Keep up pounded amount 26 past one At 5 60 WQM I cannot believe that the Brandeez has been around Then there's long as I have And Tom 25 years this year Serving people right in south Or with fantastic brand They've shoes at unbeatable Everyday low prices Rockport's Echoes Mfisto Timberland Clark's SAS floor shum All the top names in a shoe business And no matter how big or tiny Your feet maybe they got exactly the size You're looking for in stock like right now Men sizes 6 to 15 Women's five to 12 What's from the very very narrow To the very big fat and wide With over 40,000 per shoe is in their Geigenic There's humongous 8,000 square foot Megastore you can be Dan Shree You can be Greg Reed's life on it Whatever you're looking for is in stock Right out of stuff on your feet Brandeez you're 12,90% of your federal highway And Pompano Beach open Daily 9,9 Every Sunday is well 10 to 5 It's a great time right now again this week They've extended this second week It's right Thanks a lot Troy Better late than ever Right out is a great time better than Even usual the bias they are shoes It brandeez Because all men's women's great styles Our 20% off and more So come in or visit them right away This week at Brandeez Or check them on the web If you like it Brandeez shoes All one word Brandeez shoes And my life And locals This is portrayal by 60 Way to way Yeah Goodbye, baby Tell me You can have five six Oh WQA Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah That's low That's not swinging And the naked chips keep making Don't hang in I'll keep on swinging my swan You know I'll always be smiling When the cow runs off And I go back diving I'll have a Robin Jingo Come not alone The back As the swing that I had away All little drink All little dance Not commension The nice buffet is long As I'm swinging And the naked chips keep I dig and don't hang in I'll keep my swan My swan I'll be using Flip it crazy Flip it crazy Flip it up Flip it up Flip Mmm So may call it Lauren Haven Consensual sex But all of you pure It's you can fuck her up It's my big white ass And some swan I don't give a f*** what anyone's thinking I'll keep my swingin' by it I'll keep my swingin' by it I'll keep my swingin' by it I hate Swalt Yeah Hold up, hold up, look, look It's not, it's not Wait, can I break her? Here we go She's a big named beauty and was saying her booty I nuck to know her blonde hair's nats. I'm trying! When she needs a big hit, they just show her her. And a teeny weep peek at her, Pat. Oh, the film she's in, show her lots of skin. She'll get a nuffer for the way she mows. It's my deep touch and that I've got an erection. Someone please cover Sharon's phone. Sharon's phone, or acting ain't worth the sadness. It my pants have just pitched the shannon. I'm a person with tass tossed her own. Someone cover up Sharon's phone. You're trying to show your some fun, film ain't she fellas? Hmm, yeah. You're not gonna double this guy lucky with her little wood. Chuck and nick it might as all across the lore. Hmm, and her a big dub dub, and it ruses naked in the tub. But just about rub myself, roar. She always dressed and did think I'd see her panties. Who knows the next things to be shown. Don't mean to sound stupid, but I think I've had enough is someone cover up Sharon's phone. Sharon's phone. She got her film a Disney's on her hands. She's not crazy. She's just been her parents. I'm a version with tass tossed her own. Someone cover up Sharon's phone. Cover up Sharon's phone. Billy Baldwin did her coffee art. Now we've had in trouble passage art. And I just can't leave myself alone. Someone cover up Sharon's phone. Sharon's phone. Got myself and I've forever heard. Oh wait, how was she's done it with the store? She's a public garage and it's on. Someone cover up Sharon's phone. Sharon's phone. Sharon's phone. This is Rushwin Ball. Several of you, Maddie. Talk show host. Hemorrhoid sufferer. Folks, it's over 300 pounds. I know the agony of this kind of dilemma. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you there's a help. With new preparation rush and my rush to excellent time. I'm here to tell you there's a positive story. Now you can end the pain and it's a horror. I'll teach you just for my picture on the box of the positive story. And the applicator tube. Another fine product from OIB. The old B.C.D. in Broadcasting Network. Coming up tonight on inside of behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. Only one thing rivaled her to look lips of the heart. And that was the total eclipse of her career. She was body-tiler. I remember as a child growing up in Wales. You couldn't keep me away from the piano. Did you say Wales isn't Catherine's even Jones from Wales? I think so. God, Lord that woman is hot. I mean, when she's pregnant, you just want to do her. Yes, that's fine. No good. Michael Douglas could ever a bag or a female. I mean, come on, he's like 60 years something. Look, I thought we might discuss my work with Meatloaf Songwriter, Jim Steinman. Are you f***ing? I bet sometimes while he's in bed that he's just lying there thinking, I won't be sh***ing. All right, I'm banging Catherine's Eta Jones. Perhaps you'd find my contribution to the Footloaf soundtrack where the of your program. I'm holding off the security. You're holding it up and up and up. Yeah, yeah, footloaf is great. Good for you Catherine. Bonnet. Hey, you're sear around, you know, in Wales. I'm not interested in Catherine's Eta Jones. Oh, come on. I bet even women won a piece of her. I think she holds tremendous appeal to both sexists. Bloody hell, I'm going away now. Didn't you already do that back in 1985? Anyway, it's a big juicy, softening wet look at show business tonight. On inside, the behind. Spreading like crazy. Spreading their charms. Oh, hey. Soon they'll be buried. And eaten by worms. People don't come together. People they stay apart. Nothing can stop it now. Because we are all scared of SARS. Don't go too Asia. Don't go too Hong Kong. Absolutely. If you want to live long, people don't live forever. People must don't depart. But no one wants it to happen now. That's why we are scared of SARS. People don't come together. People they stay apart. Nothing can stop it now. I felt my tank up. Now is I don't know. I'd be helping finance 9-11 by giving money to unicall or abacall in the car lab. I'd turn my lights on last night. How's that an oil thing in James Lake is great things? I made two to two days. How was I to know I was providing bath water to the middle east? Well, that ain't so bad again. Every time you bite a marijuana cigarette, you're helping to finance run-in overlords and breaking a law based on the old movie referment. Maddojil Jolonab is the sked in a old mankind. I just must help me more joy. Now I'm white man! You know? Oh no! I'm just up to the speed-down! I must must pay for it by the community to keep a man in the dark ages. Take the mech to listen stolen to the mole. How would David do this? Slap me will you? Slap me before I have a strong way. Oh, okay. Oh, okay. Oh, why are you the what's the big idea? You're cute, no? Cute, eh? How can you shut that little kyoia? Now let's go to the falls. No rosepot behind the abandoned penteap ride. Hello? Oh, yeah, I'm old. Yeah, what do you know what he is saying? I just want to tell you I love your show. Why thank you. And if you see my dead beaver, what did beaver? So one that's glued to your head. Huh? Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. What the hell are you? We're here to discuss the win. Wait, wait. Why I love you? No, I want you to have lunch with Witt Bissles. Hey, ah, what are you doing? Get your help up and do this the easy way to hug him. No, I'm not. What do you think you are? You know who I am? I'm just telling you. You're just being a bitch. I don't push me there. I don't move your pay. I don't move your pay. Yeah, you don't move your pay. No, I don't. What can you do? There's a moment when they get you. You just have to wrap them down. Oh, I'm not. I'm not. Hey, hey, hey, you. What's that? What can I do? Oh, what's that? What can I do? What's that? Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. 20 till 25, 60 W to Q and we got the double digits getters on the pull so far. Bobblasteter 10, aside from me, a LeBescal time sound photo radio first now that is or was Bill Carter 12, Joy Reynolds 14, Scott for Rally 19. Hank Albert 21, Ricky Tickie shot 24, Beneri 26, Rick Rally 28, such Coleman 32. You feel better now? Yeah, much. Randy Rhodes 44, Jim and it's 68. Oh, right. But George Rodriguez 76 and Phil Henry 174, just running away from the pack when he used to be a good guy. Hey, we got some exciting news. This isn't just the usual commercial for him. We'll post about the grip of faith and all the great the natural stuff without any MSG and any cornstarch and any crap in it and all the cholesterol free oils that they cook with but there's a rumor going around that they're going to be having karaoke nights on Tuesday night. Have any heard that? I might not be every Tuesday night. We're still searching for the deal. Well, and anyway, we want to be the first ones to put it out there just so you don't call it me caught off guard and promising and threatening to be singing if those of a karaoke nights materialized that our most host is, Dolph Lensie. Oh, worth the drive worth the drive from anywhere. That's going to be in the sunrise location of course. The three, I'm a coast. Not only are they in sunrise, but they're Northeim and Beach and Pemberg Pines as well. And what about faith? This is not just your ordinary pedestrian, but it's like walking into a sea of food. You nearly get lost as so much fresh delicious goodies. Six different soups. Doesn't the circle of the landfries include a New York strip made your order at the Gormason or that sizzling Asian grill featuring grilled shrimp scampies, D'August, jumbo scallops wrapped in bacon and the new seafood sain's yuck. Duginess, crab and ginger and scallions, handcar, parmib, new Oriental chicken salad, and so much more. There's a full salad bar. There's a sushi bar in fresh room cocktail too. And if you have by some miracle, a little bit of room at the end, stuff some dessert in your mouth or in your pants because it's outstanding. But those are the bar features. Pines, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings. Fresh fruit as well. You'll find them in sunrise, Pine Island, a 44th street, Dufflingzie coming there soon. Common's haven to just north of 160, third north-bound beach. And at the intersection of Flamingo and Pemberg Grotes and Pristiges, Pemberg Pines. Take your family or a book your next business lunch and ride now. All size parties are welcome. Let the folks at the Amal Coast do all the work and cooking for you and make it. Let's just feast available to you. And don't forget, take on delivery available to call 954. 5-7-2-38-22. What's that number again? 95-4-57-2-38-22. And keep your eye and your shrimp peeled for Dufflingzie coming soon to the Amal Coast Chinese buffet. And local V6-5-60. The rain is all yours. FOOL! FOOL! Q-A-M! YAAA! Oh, what's the problem, officer? The floor from the vehicle. What's the problem, sir? If you're a god driving without a seatbelt, you will be removed from your car and shot. The police now have the authority to enforce seatbelt safety under the new Patriot Act 2. The new laws in effect now. So click it or be shot. Officers don't like doing this. They are only following orders. It's for your own protection in the neverending fight against terrorism. Terrorists act such as mouth noise. PURPING! And fighting. Good be annoying to others. So under Patriot Act 2, eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants. Anyone eating outside the designated eating area? Will also be shot. It's the law. We like saying that. The law. The law. The law. It's the law. FOOL! FOOL! FOOL! FOOL! FOOL! FOOL! FOOL! FOOL! FOOL! FOOL! FOOL! FOOL! FOOL! Now chicken and family. Зем! The chicken has arrived! FOOL! There's circus! FOOL! Make fun of them! FOOL! Liar! FOOL! FOOL! FOOL! FOOL! FOOL! Here comes the win! Lirmations where we Now do we feel that the racing fire Sometimes we feel the town run And we feel like the sea is an Atc energy The Spirit and White Man in perfect situation We also have to watch each honour But at least we'll be mine You seem to find a time You seem to find a time You seem to find a time You seem to find a time You seem to find a time You seem to find a time You seem to find a time Everybody's in Palestine But at least we'll be mine You seem to find a time You seem to find a time You seem to find a time Maybe it's a Palestine Or at least we'll be mine You seem to find a time I am free Richard Good morning I found another way for you To try to lose baseball I catch his hits Fake into the oldies Oh, we'll find in your fudge Like those in the dark Is the high hip front studio Work out that one that you sent down Oh, let me know that you come on Drone at half-hush, how hangin A real nice weather club Right now, the time that shark peeps into the crates You know his like, fetch my booty What do you want your best shot And girls just want to Get some sleep with your stop running And so many marks And when you want to, you'll also receive my new Dealers, wheel plan 2 So come on Not you But that healthy glow on those cheek and studs They can't do the oldies I'll be with my boys or is there on? First, there was Calvin Klein's obsession Then, a little bit of their passion Now comes an exciting new fragrance Inspired by America's number one television star Introducing Rosemba's D'Ariel Hey, girls, you know women like you and me Are never gonna look like Liz Taylor So why should we smile like her? Just do what I do Splash some of this jerk on And tell your stud muffin to kiss your dairy Imagine how you appear With horse and balls D'Ariel on your face Believe me, there's nothing bigger than my dairy hair D'Ariel Just look for the huge pink can New from Bestie Loutbook Here's Ricardo Motobong And the Chrysler New Yorker This love yours automobile Has always delivered the performance you'd expect from an Yorker And now Chrysler introduces an onboard microprocessor Which even speaks to you Just like in New Yorker Hey, moron, you wanna put on your foot It's seatbelt, would you ready to steering well? I, yes, this is truly in New Yorker Hi, genius, you left the gun And headlight's on, cheese You're one dumb ass All you know that And for the most dangerous city in the world A security system second to none Hey, bag of praise, would you like the fucking doors Or maybe we should put a fucking sign in the fucking window Says, rip me off Yes, they cry, slurno yogurt If you can find a better luxury cart Buy it The pride is stiff shit I got your luxury right here You know, Rosanne made a mistake in a bit Said, which he said she would never look like a loose tailor Yeah, see if he weighed long enough 152 at 560 WDQ And we got the mad dog coming up To clock the hump or a handgold bird For the seven to big Seven o'clock because there's no ballgame And I had any K10 Jull mark overnight Two to five an AM And the good news is no more He's on vacation again tomorrow Absolutely Y'all the solo And AM before a roll If you're in a really crappy meaning Was dead and job making almost peanuts His college to a defensive and takes too long for you To wait to find a life in a career Well, here's the answer for you, perhaps If you can afford only ten bucks a month A commit yourself a three nights a week for four months Fast train can up you achieve a brand new high-paying computer career And change your life forever That's right, just ten bucks a month a three nights a week for only four months Fring visuals who qualify So call fast train what he got to lose beside a crappy job Call one eight six fast train with four locations all over time There is boundary one nearby you Call fast train at one eight six fast train To be tough to a train career counselor for we didn't know his their crap Fast train offers day evening weekend schedules Job placement hands on training so do talk record all day yourself a big favor call fast train today at one Eight six fast train don't forget fast trains defer payment is valid for a year regular payments apply their after But you are high school student on summer break somebody underpaid dead and job Or just look at when crease that bottom line call fast train today and get out of that rut out of your dead end call one eight six fast train Or check them out of that wicked worldwide web at fast train dot com All the crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time Mr. Mouse what the hell are you doing to me? What do you mean sir why am I reading in the paper you're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn? Well sir we're just scouting locations Jesus unscouting CEOs you are killing me But sir we've done with New York City time square point out in street Hey man Where the Where all the bathroom plan and remas get the blue burn all the year Okay, but sir look what we've done with midtown man had 40 second treat is incredible I know what publicly I supported that but you took all the point away you can't me I'm going through gammacom like kids We're just scouting areas calm down What will need but much don't tell me to calm down We've got lucky with we low and stitch $128 million No, you're trying to ruin the whole network We're kind of programming are you running Hang on a minute Hey, you got blue burn crap all over your shoulder Wait yourself up for heaven safe And come out the bathroom cleaner Okay, but God sir the network is fine You could not come up with American Idol Good God you're still running James Bob movie There's 60 years old. Why don't you just put steam boy willing on to be done with it Please make a couple of damn dollars Well the movie division fine you mentioned we were in fishing now. We have the new M. Knight Chumman movie coming All the time Oh, I know signs what the hell that means stop sign yield sign You're gonna start swinging some of these titles pass me Please Remus Remus I know you can hear me scream us You're still running the bottom clear You're gonna run the bottom clear You're gonna hear remuns and take that blue burn All right Isaac Yes sir I'd be very careful the next time I started my car. Why were you? What do you mean sir? I've done what you what? I've done sir I'm gonna hand a storm in your job But sir You're terrible I'm sorry They're all poor rumours in there I feel like they poisoned in a Disney remus Oh my What a wonderful day Get out of here you nut bag Well when you call that stuff man, Bobo Gennou Get that mess out my face Give it to Mikey man He hate everything We say it's not too bad She like it Goodmarch it My ties and back And you've got to be my home With all all all all all all all My ties and back Now I've done what you can't sing Get everything you want With all all all all all all My ties and back And we use her pity Come a wussy All all all all all all My ties and back The first thing that he did is Go out and get some Yeah All all all all all all all My ties and back Hey No all are images And you've got to be my home In the ring you've got to look To deck you All all all all all My ties and back Just and he's because he'll be West facing me All all all all all My ties and back Hey I am Mike Get you the candle for after this All all all all all all My ties and back So happy to but we won't go for your pass with All all all all all My ties and back Now I've done what you're And to sing to him Hey Every touch you gotta be We thought in jail that you might Can get how you How you'd make a real You'd miss like you say How you would I'd pass the back Can you co-ran Can't you play Bye bye!