BastiRoss Dissis Thank you for watching ? ? ? ? ? Thanks to the folks can be shy I'm getting to learn I've been blessed I'm a boom Baby, I'm really in control 932 Georgia's doing a show Okay, at 560 W to Q a M You taking a shower now? No Okay, anyway, this facts from the Sun Sentinel Business Station which I of course don't read because it's all a big scam Beesley radio turns lost in the profit That's why I play that low me $50 I think because all you people out there who are old money by the Beesley's No, I find this amusing whether they make it a lot of money or things are tight Makes no difference at least they're consistent Right Naples based Beesley broadcast group Anquejones 42 radio stations including W to Q a M Country kiss and power 90s cis Set its consolidate in net revenues for the fourth quarter of 2002 worth 32.7 million dollars of 7.5% from 30.4 billion for the same period in 2001 And it goes on net income was this thought about about net income was 3.2 million and that's for the quarter Yeah, or 13 cents per diluted chair or is that diluted chair So there you go to make it money handover fist, but they still haven't gotten it and they still want to pay their bills Even if they do have money they don't want to pay their bills the right to check out they just will hold on We'll give it to you for day well for months until Greg puts a little yeah, they do They actually do they write the check out and then they hold on to it Well, it's almost like paying it Greg puts a little squiggle on everybody finds out there's an out-kane there for the check to clear And then maybe they'll send it out if you threaten the student I like if normal I ever got paid that money No, seriously, I got a nasty cold. I don't want to talk on a phone and I appreciate the fact that people have not called me last Since yesterday you know what I mean? Yeah, nobody I mean I've lived in a call from a home about tiny and I had to make that decision And the moment I got off here at the phone right yesterday and there it was had to make that instant decision That's what I said let's go for it. Yeah, I didn't say that I see I don't want to start in sense and it went cool it makes me sound like a hard-hearted bastard But it was that time you know it was that time you do what you got to do you're doing what you got to do See I have a philosophical attitude about life, you know life is for the living right we're all gonna die one of these days And then we we just when you die you cease to exist. I don't have a very great Crass way to look at it, but you see you just don't exist anymore right and the rest of the world keeps spinning around or whatever It's gonna go on which may not be all that great, but whatever's going on will go on you know, that's it Not that's that's as it should be right You just can't wallow in pity. Oh, we all I mean, you know, we've done that in the past most of us and what is it? Accompleted just you know then the wall is I speak of that I see the schedule then hoping the humpers okay because I see Eddie K is on the sap moon mad dog is on the web one Which is good, but Eddie K is on a tree which is also okay. I mean you know gambling crowd We like Eddie a lot. He's just a gamble baby hanks just traveling You know, you know, he's I thought he's traveling tomorrow now. Where is that fight the Reverend Joe? I mean the Roy Jones fight. Oh, I thought I said I thought I thought I'm I scared to say the Reverend Jones fight. Yeah Carlos you have some insight. Do we know why I hate isn't Working today because he was shaking his head actually I saw Josh when he came in here yesterday to change the schedule and and asked them Was up with Hank he said he needs some he needs a break that he was still was a feeling well I tried told you then I didn't I say that didn't I say that yeah, and if he would have taken off to see it's like me I shouldn't be working today. No you shouldn't yesterday I mean today I feel a lot better just like a throw to say a recipe cut that yesterday I was like deathball over and I was still working Some of the better. Yeah, you're gay. What you sounded better yesterday. I did yeah To the shower. I have to make my shower yet, right? Sam kitchen off guard this way And then after I take the shower I'll sound like Westbrook fanboy. He's in water contact. I'll be see. Oh, I was thinking this last night I know it's gross to say this. Do you think water crunk I deserve a pig seed out of his ass? Well, what kind of seeds like funnel? Dick Fennel whatever happened to him. My channel flimes. Flux seeds. Flux seeds The girl with the flux in here that I was a flux in Harry full of that I've got in a dingle bear hat And I just yeah, they see I don't know. It's just you know I'm sure you think I'm water is worth Pick the seed or two in the shower, you know you reach what's going to shower? Pull it out of there seeds out of your button No, I don't the do the way we're gonna shower don't you? Well, there's another fact. God the best place to do more. Don't place to do that Anyway, 33 votes to pull us up. I'd rather croak than vote for George W. Bush seems to be winning hands down 19. I didn't vote for that In fact, I'm the only one of voted for my category six a rather than I croak than vote for Hillary I don't like her at all He gives me the willy. Who does? Sorry including her husband No, I'm wondering he hates her like poison rather croak than listen to how it David had four Look at that he's not even in the contest yet. Wow, you're slipping baby. You're slipping. Is that just your hair piece off the one side. I'll just change again. Most got five Then biomedical Jackson CD 2 watch another Mike Tyson fight 2 and I'm the only one so far voters for drive a mustard Now we'll say in all fairness That the Mustang five oak convertibles the G T five oak convertibles. Yeah So those are pretty nice looking cars. I will admit that they're nice looking but I still would want to drive one Boy, how how would it be for a you know a hot shot like me who drives Corvets for the last 16 years? No to be seen driving a Mustang No no wrong direction. Oh God Even Miguel who's a schlepper at best even he is upgrading Getting out of that juvenile. It's okay when you're like 17 18 years old It's like a training bra I must thank yeah, no everybody's got a break in with something You know we're big at the high school no question start out with a tricycle and then you got like a you know right I got like a regular bike Mm-hmm any move up to your first car which is probably not the one you're gonna own and then your first car that you own Could be a Mustang that would be fine. My first car that I owned was a Corvier Yeah, I'll let I've talked about many many times a little blue Corvier the one with a fan belts kept breaking all the time That's a wait. It was a workhorse man They don't make cars like that anymore. That's not just a cliche. It's true And you know that was back then those cars back at those days you could put 150,000 miles on them no sweat no problem at all Yeah In fact if words are the fact that the parking break keeps slipping all the time and I that you know was kind of like a tinker to it But it ran It ran very good Loved and Boston make it all those tricks to New York and back up to rocking hand parking back with stops at adventure car hop and sagas man Man those were the days How we missed those days on this show and you could probably I'm more of that to the those days Here's a call from our West Palm Beach, hello. Oh, hey Neil. Yes, sir. I heard you mentioned passion What do you like how to give your call? I want to show a day late. So I just got to see the Tower me taking the week today. Yeah, not bad. Hank Hank. Hank is hot baby The least is a bozo on Hank is a hot idea. I do not like the week now You know the act of the guy. He got a many good actor though the way he he plays a real nerd the ultimate nerd He does such a great job. He's always just a goofball in very But the actor who play tank is the Ryan McPottland. I'm not sure if you're aware of that. No Okay, he has a website Ryan McPottland.com Really? Yeah, and he has some very very interesting pictures Huh, he's often his pants are probably open See if anybody wonders what Hank's purpose is on a show on passion. It's the stand around Naked and look as how does he can which don't take a lot. Yeah, he doesn't have much to say Nice little stuff right and one of the pictures He's on an arm with another young man, which is very Oh my god, wow So one word Ryan McPottland.com check it out Okay, I'm out of material. Thank you so much and by the way you're gay Hank is hot make no mistake about Hank is oh What a body What was the funny call that was a great call. Yeah. What did I tell you? Yeah? You take one here You take one over there wait long enough and you notice since the show started since we got on here for some strange reason the phone is working again Huh, I still think it's on your end It could very well lose wire my ass Carlos no what are they won't let you touch anything important No, no, I'm serious. I mean, you know Carl said that a lot of good work for us in those days when he was doing it and still is But Another one of these days here about it looks magnificent. It's sun sun is shining blue sky. Yeah, they get scottablu sky It is colder than a witches ass man. It is unbelievable And this is gonna go on again today and ruin you know what the current temperature is? I don't know what felt of felties see I get sick at the right time because when you feel like this who wants to go outside anyway, right? It's minus 16 The high is gonna be minus 10. That's a pretty damn cold now. Let's see minus 10 Is Where'd it how do I find it? minus 10 is 14 degrees. That's right. It's gonna be the high 14 degrees Fahrenheit right now. It's minus 16 Which is 3.2 above zero These were but it was beautiful here yesterday at least a temperate. Oh, now you sound just like my mother haven't I always said what a good match? What mean mean your mom you and mom hey, she's nice great impurgatory man. Oh, yeah, sugar Some of those ground ground ground burgers. I keep you busy all day Sports radio 560 One moment please yeah, let me tell you about our good close personal friend Don't you know what the great-brow location if you like pizza if you like pasta if you like calzones If you like chicken dishes if you like meal if you like garlic good and stuff if you love delicious garlic rolls You'll fall in love with the world flaming pizza love for locations in Davy and now in plantation You'll probably see Jeff Irmer and a whole family and in there what do you go in for lunch or for dinner or for late night That'll be there Enjoying a nice meal Jeff and Ferrell. I'll be there having a nice and nice female because I think now we got to 100% On the you folks will have to pay but the prices are so low at the pizza law If only the world cheapest of the cheese gates would go in there for freebies Prices are reasonable every Monday like tonight is lasagna at the loft every Tuesday's eggplant night by one of these dinners on these nice Get the segment for only five bucks Wednesday kids eat free with the all-sign C Jeff's famous magic show every Thursday is black night at the loft come on a motorcycle by one dinner Get the second-brath price in Davy you'll find a pizza law for university drive right-be and pure one imports lots and lots of reparking Right by our middle cafe For take-out for delivery for catering in Davy called nine five four nine one six eighty eight eighty nine five four nine one six eighty eight 80 and don't forget the new pizza law in plantation right by me corner Navalan sunrise right beyond Walgreens for take out delivery there 3 a 2 99 3 a 2 99 the same great food the same very reasonable prices and the same friendly service at World Famous pizza law I'll eat somewhere that we're gonna have some of them filled fun and a paradise today I know Hank old boy Gennay at our differences in the pair But it's been brought to my attention that the Hank is arranged for some fee you eat full women the Join us enough flushly if it did studio Exactly in the Queens from T West by the way something yeah, and hasn't escaped me that's around the me win women is a good way of keeping me from getting raped Did it yeah, this hair is a big show your middity and respect from Hank making it in his pants Yeah, it's coming in now You may gather around the me hey, I got a little bit of voices It must be heavy smokers And we're so where what do you know what are you saying there ladies? Oh I wouldn't grail in the back there the bit suffocated think yeah, they're a way to make something Incheo a guy a Perry Mason oh it's you moe You can't be peri-mason you're dead Perhaps and I'm still in better shape than you why you had no good you got some knife walking in here just like that Would you mind sharing with the court exactly why we were asked here today Certainly it's an offering of peace from Hank Goldboy giga and no, I've got it wasn't it you moe who called the key West Queens agency and said help me my show is dying No, it's not true I hadn't wasn't at you moe who said rapes not funny Okay, okay, yes, it was me It was me I said rapes not for me Hi, so bit your honor that moe submits Wait a minute, I fell rule Come on girls let's make him I I And I got it Or prove to me that the problem the your phone promise on your end Set is this thing with the internet connection again being down today Okay, so many of these facts is from people that are highly I rate including an elite gay and others once again Not available on the internet and you put on here who he was working on it right he working on breakfast And we're like you'll you a lot you're a good guy, but lose some weight. He's got two hands That's yesterday, why is this happening? I mean how can that happen once again? It back up when you were assuming that it would like stay there and Carlis is all crushed and taken it personally and I'm trying to you know To do psychotherapy and to tell him not to take it personally and feel bad because that's the way they are here They don't want him touching their stuff It is backed by the way. Oh, it is back on. Yes, supposedly there's there's power outages that are going on here at night and that's what's going on At night. Yeah, I can't imagine why there's that these things seem to happen at night When people are in there dicking around with stuff I don't think it's the outages but the images yeah too much in and outages going on here at night a lot of images and outages I don't want to pick on your friend, but I mean there's there's something wrong with whatever's going on when you have unsupervised children Overgrown children running around and playing with a radio station like it's a play toy I mean we see evidence of it every single day right those seven weeks that I was down there, which were like seven weeks in hell Right, but that's come into do every single day and people have dittled with the studios near and things are in different positions And the furniture's upside down and people say oh, well, I think you're just imagining it right right Yeah, just imagining it Probably maker right now content what's this thing about the healer in four peers? Just a cute little thing It's a bad story no other people don't listen when you're on you think that's a cute story The cute story effect me was the one about pelling the drug year the paraphernalia That's not cute that's nauseating. No, it's real cute How do the USA right now, which I'm not very delighted not to be Federal authorities charged 55 people with trafficking in illegal drug paraphernalia And an investigation they said targeted the nation's biggest internet distributors of marijuana bombs Cracked pipes and other drug abuse gear You know one time I fashioned a roach clip out of a paper clip Oh It's amazing what some guys can do with a coke can you know what yeah, I use that to In coordinated raids on Monday meaning yesterday Officials confiscated thousands and thousands of tons of paraphernalia from companies boasting up to $50 million in annual sales said Mary Beth Buchanan US attorney in Pittsburgh whose office is leading the operation pipe dreams investigation along with a DE A No one would possibly use these items for smoking tobacco became said it's just a department news conference We know what you're doing with them and we know what you can do with it too for that matter Mary Beth Attorney General John Ascroft said the sale of drug paraphernalia has exploded on the internet Making it easier for teenagers in young adults to buy it The items are often disguised as such things as lipstick cases to escape detection and are marketed under code names and symbols Hmm, quite simply the illegal drug paraphernalia industry has invaded the homes of families across the country. It's invading out their knowledge Ashcroft said There's shoving in your door why you're not paying any attention They're dropping it into the chimney Santa Claus that's a behind-a-Christmas time Organizations abocating legalization marijuana accused asked Croft of grandstanding and of course Are we on a shadow of a doubt? At a time and arrested the countries worried about terrorism this attorney general is going after people who sell pipes Said Keith Straubt the founder of the National Organization for the reformer marijuana laws normal surely has something better to do with his time like maybe dress up those naked stashes a big good key Yeah Even needle men executive director the drug policy alliance against a debuster ended scoring political points against a perceived Counter culture I saw the movie over the weekend. I can't think of the name of it about Lyndon Johnson about the part of his presidency where he You really did the award and be it, no Okay, and just like this president listen to all of the wrong people or at least most of the wrong people Do you know how many American servicemen and women died in Vietnam? I don't know the grand total 88,000 58,000 that's a lot for what was there any reason that they died? No, well, did they harm you as this being there? Yeah, those godless common right we had to stop them that even mr. Macnamara believed it at the end Oh mr. Macnamara and in fact, it will be was really more about Bob Macnamara than I was about Lyndon Johnson, but in any way And anyway, 58,000 and I thought to myself There must be a reason why they're showing this movie now and obviously the room You think it's been? Everybody's all up at arms about the 97 people who died in the nightclub in Rhode Island, right? Which it was a tragedy and the seven astronauts who died on the Columbia which is a tragedy and The people who died in Chicago and at nightclub, but 58,000 Right young people died, you know if they said 50,000 came back in body bags, but a total of at least 58,000 were killed for nothing Right not to count the thousands and thousand I mean hundreds of thousands of innocent men women and children Who died in Vietnam on both sides right But it was worth it and of course it was worth nothing. It was just a total waste of human life We stopped communism and and at the time You know when you think back to those times then of course Nixon came in just at the time when they finally a Johnson was starting to see the era of his ways Right and decided not to run again because he knew the jig was up and Then Nixon comes in and prolong the war for another four years Yeah, but we could kill a whole bunch more people and get that total up to 58,000 Are you ripping the Republicans again and and during those times? Well, I didn't know Lyndon Johnson was Republican no And during those times all of the protesters just like we see now were labeled unpatriotic Comi sympathizers Hanoy Jane all of this crap Harvey Spoko hit his senseless killing senseless contrived killing coward And here we're going through the same thing all over again today All the finger pointing assholes all the bloodthirsty morons all the people too stupid to read and the fact that we had a couple of calls yesterday about that front line show I'm really depressed because I went online to try to figure out when it held it's on again I can't find it really I didn't look I can't find when I let Dan show his on again I want about the the origin of the chicken hox decision to go in there and do a do this thing years and years ago And how Clinton interrupted it was you know a tackless interruptus is what it was For eight years and that's what it worked over time to get his ass out of there so they could get their hands on a controls again And carry out their evil plans their evil scheme and they will that's what they're doing while the rest of the people are sleeping Lotion vatual ret and joe made in air And those people who are making effort those people are out there demonstrating in the streets and the young people and that like I said before It's good to see a lot of these people are your own people. Yeah There are sick and terrible this crap and aren't buying it with a bull crap. They see through it like looking to repay in a glass But they're on patriotic they're evil to wish all this other crap Don't forget in the simplistic world of George's W they're the good guys and a bad guys kind of like an adjon way movie, you know you with us with it with us or again This is Everybody's got a different lifestyle. We only different things to help us be healthy. That's why you ought to check out Audio meds between the formus because they got advanced combinations a Farmas super great olive oil vitamins minerals levels other than intris and they're scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions To help you support specific health needs all different things Look for all you might's three new formulas. They have one to help you sleep on how you control your weight and coq 10 Which is so important for your heart? Olima's also got supplements remote health in your circle of the three system. You're digestive your underconsistive your skin and bones even your mind Your mind All using the benefits of the fine style of all the money can buy and all your men makes products for men and ladies too All you might say exciting new product that you can pick up all over time at publics Eckridge's whole full markets and log Reans for more information call Olima and tool free That's all about their products and what they can do for you call 1 866 Olima That's 1 866 6 5 360 633 can order their products online if you like only metamerica.com and don't forget to visit their sampling Previgate at sports town every Sunday during dolphin season which is only many many months away Starfield and great today start poppin some Oreo made in your post direction Wow 11 60 WWM current you pick up not take all the calls Okay But you're laughing about good timing to just blow my shnaz and there aren't any calls. Look at that. No calls We had that one my lady. I want to thank her profusely Call the set. I'm sorry about your dog dying. I mean that that was very nice right see what I mean about that town Oh, I know I thought it this Saturday will be my 27th year on year in Miami 27 years WKAT WNWS WYNZ ZWID WQAM Just flew right by seven years and I have one lady who calls and says I'm really sorry to hear about they had to put you dog this late I mean, not that that's pretty and I'm not looking for that right, but I'm just showing you the kind of heart That exists in software. I know in the me to use sketch understands that you're hot 30 right he guess it he wanted out of there. He said let me out of this place It would know a hockey puck from a goddamn Dreadal He said So did you hear I ver your pardon. Oh go ahead. I would just I saw something on TV. I was gonna ask him out And what was that? The freedom fries Freedom fries Freedom fries apparently there's a restaurant owner that's offended by the French take on this war and So he's changed the name of the French fries to the freedom fries not so big story on MSNBC is it really? Yeah, maybe it's not so bad. I'm watching CNN certainly not new. Yeah Here's the pull results so far rather croaked in vote for George W. Bush 78 out of 180 votes vote for Hillary 51. She's on his ass. She's right up there I read the croaked in by Michael Jackson CD 20 listen to more Howard David at 18 is that interesting How he's like? Following off the face of the globe. Maybe they like his show now. What do you think? Now that they've had ding-dong school maybe for maybe maybe in out of sight out of mind You think that could be it? Maybe they just don't feel as passionate about more anymore right Well, but when you compare him to him. I rather croaked in Washington, the Mike Tyson fight nine And I'd rather croaked and drive a Mustang Four oh, let's hear it. I have three. I have a little company out there Even gonna go take a shower now because I see your just in a day with call right will love metal fruit Huh till you get back all refreshed Well, because I got that live spot to do on the second break of the hour and I want to sound really you know Thrody I noticed that on many of these spots you're playing yeah Do recorded spots I'm like slurring really badly a couple three four maybe half of those are from The post stroke from the right after I had a stroke which is always a real good idea to make me I guess by Carlos that he was only okay One was better he sounds now. They did on those spots. Maybe he has a the stroke that the spot sounds slurring to you know Carlos says it was only one No The The only woman spot is an abortion okay, and I apologize to them profusely because they just got through sent me that they shipment of only on media Today in fact during a break by coincidence I just took to my immune system Only a met which will help kick out this cold all right And it's doing so very quickly along with all the other crap. I'm taking too like a driestand Yeah, that's set of her suit of fad You take on set of You can't take the whole kitchen sink that's not a good idea I heard about that taking a whole bunch of a set of yeah, okay, see you's laughing I've been making a joke of course. You can't take too much a seat of benefit is what it is Like extra strength I'll am off right and all of these other things the suit of fad and Drist and all of these they're loaded with a seat of benefit but eat all the fedrin you want Major league baseball David Wells has he nearly died from taking it Major league baseball is usual a daylight and fifty dollar short But that's what goes you know, I mean they just refuse to come to their senses Well, you got a couple of calls and I'm gonna go take a real quick shower I go ahead will many for come back before you can say Greg reads a scumbag Greg No, I'd ask not why is that? Well, I just got that contract I'm waiting for my bonus Greg hate you regardless okay regardless he's just like PD Lenny man You're coming here put on a happy face for you to your face while he's away while you know You feel awful pains in your back like maybe Tabithas put a wicked evil spell on you But it's not Tabitha it's Break it not too good there. Let me say it's not Tabitha it's breaking yeah Do I get a third chance go ahead? It's Goodbye, but I have a nice time in the shower I always do and I'm the only one that's shaves in the shower I don't think so we've discussed that before it's a quick and convenient thing that I always do well not everybody's shaves at work That's just a unique situation that we have here with Carlos I understand I mean we bust your chops about it, but I understand that that you're a busy man you're up all night You've won you have weird hours You're up very very early shutling. What is it? And nephew relatives to school or something like that? Which is mighty why yeah, I've gone through all that when I was living with my sister She you know she had four kids for little daughters so I got lots of practice about you know changing girly diapers Which is a good thing it turns out that I have lots of practice Changing those Never never changed a male child because I was you know I have Nefus but they always live somewhere else you got to watch out for the yeah, no, and I've seen I know I've been a witness to that phenomenon, but thank god knock on well, you know Whatever talk on wood. Yeah, knock on microphone That I never had to do that, but you on Did you point that out about the freedom prize? Well, I actually I was talking to you about about the restaurants then it just came on there the restaurants Because I want to you know talk about the French a little bit but before before that that's so what's so weird about shaving in the shower? I don't find anything weird about that. I know lots of people. I mean just the regular thing. I mean even in the old and days When I was so poor that I really I mean there's no lie. I couldn't swing shaving cream. You know when you're on a budget and you're living off of ramen six for a dollar Hey, that's radio. That's radio. You wanted to get into radio. That was my My life on radio. I can't afford shaving cream if I want to eat so I'm just gonna put soap on my face and just scrape this really dull Razor across it That's what they they sell shaving mirrors that go in the shower fog free right first of all There was one already in there when we bought the house and we had the bathroom remodeled and there's a the women The women in the family they put mirrors in the in the bathroom All the times I didn't put it in there that that you need it because I've shaved without one I mean you're a business fire. You know you don't know you don't you know where your face is You know where all the parts are you run your hand along your face you can tell where the stubble is Yeah, you miss like one little All right, every once in a while, but you know what you do that when you're shaving with a mirror too You don't notice that and then you like other the chin. There's a big streak I missed a streak so what are these just all cranks are We know an answer to them. I know you're talking now. I just didn't know right know what the rule right I just I was just I was talking about the French and Andy really had some things to say about that But I don't want to make these people wait they might have something to say hello Q. I am Yeah, yes, you are Q. I am hello What just blown out real quick? Yeah, yeah, you're making out shame Oh my also wish my Jesus is your Okay, I don't you don't do that. I don't do that. I do that Show you super You can't talk because you do a lot of strange things and strange places you bathe in public fountains So all right, thank you very much for that everybody Not when they're sober Q. I am hello What's up man just chilling waiting for Neil to get back from his shower? Hey, I told Carlos, but I'll tell you on the air But he doesn't count telling Carlos anything doesn't count. I know If Neil wants to know about that front line Yeah Think about that's where he went, but he wasn't finding what it was that he was looking for Well, he could buy the tape if you want Okay, tell the front line tape like crazy or somebody in the audience who is already buying the tape or has a copy of the tape Consented here to the station and we'll forward it to Neil right because I mean he really needs to see that that episode It could be it could be an anniversary present for his anniversary coming up on the I did because they put it on They put it on and 11 o'clock at night and usually for a guy start to 10 or nine right So they'd even tried to hide it shin there Well, that's PBS anyway. There a bunch of lovely. Leo left winged commis We all know that All right, then George you have a wonderful day. Have a great man. You two. All right bear with us. What's matter Carlos? What you holding your head? You're the very goes is okay. I would just thought it had something to do with the spots because if it's a spot problem, then we have to yeah Well stuff everything and fun. You'll a funny happening. Okay. Fort Laudidad Yeah, me again. Tabernier. Hello. Hey George. Not you again. Hello. Good morning. How are you? I've been I'm guilty. I'm in shaving in a shower all my life. I don't even use a mirror. I didn't think it was an issue No, you get you get a nice moon. I get a smoother shave in a shower than I do anywhere. I thought it was just a time-shaving A time-shaving thing Well, that's how I started but then I've been doing it on my life and I use a mirror. In fact, when I do use soap and I use the mirror, I cut the heck out of myself Right, and not only is it time-saving, but it's mess-saver because if you're shaving in the sink Which I occasionally do look if I have to go out in the evening or something I'm not gonna take another shower necessarily You've got all the stubble in the sink that you got to wash out of there and the shower, you know, everything is going down the drain like everything else Well, I found out you have much much smoother shave, but one of the reasons I called was You know, you see at the day you were saying something to sick of hearing him about terrorism and all the stuff Yeah, the one thing I'm sick of hearing is getting the lookout for suspicious characters. Oh, yeah, well I mean, we're having the work I like how they're saying to silence and everybody's strange right I would I would use the analogy that they're treating us like children, but I don't know any adult that that Insults their child's intelligence like that Yeah, look after suspicious characters like what we live in south Florida when aren't we looking for suspicious characters and how and when aren't we seeing them? Right, I think I'm seeing the world largest open airing Right, I'm looking at the most suspicious character you've ever seen right now All right, anyway, have a good day As you understand, Carlos? Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's true. Be on the lookout for suspicious characters. Okay I found one. That what do I do? So I'm done with my shower now and I really didn't take all along You really you're done with your shower a nice hot shower It's all right, so we don't have so many times shaving not already shaved earlier not only do you have a record breaking a VM talent But you can take a shower faster than that I can get my pants off and it wasn't a rush like just running under the Right rain drops. It was a nice relaxing hot shower Huh, because I know how to do it man. No, where do you get so many things done in the course of the day? That's right When you have as little time left as I do as some of us right we don't waste any of it hurry on through it For example, yeah, oh that's right. I guess I'm playing the case Tom Lavin and Joe Prieto of Hallot Potty at GMC are proud to announce three great Neo Rogers Neil deals so I want to put your ear right at the radio especially on this station and my crack a little bit Neil deal number one get zero percent fine in signal GMC 1500 series pickups You heard me right zero percent at all 1500 series pickups Neil deal number two Lisa GMC on void for just 299 bucks a month plus tax for 48 months That's correct you're in the numbers right only 299 a month plus tax and Neil deal number three by your apati ag vibe For just 199 bucks a month. That's right only 199 a month for a great potty ag vibe Hallots also got great Neil deals on use car truck's nest UVs and if you're credit rating is one of the worst in history of mankind Have no fear because how it will get you deal some way somehow even if George has to make the payments My as well make somebody it's a real triple letter going on right now in Hallot 134136 You're away that's you us want across in the falls open every day seven days a week for more info called an yield Heal the hotline toll free one triple eight five three four 42 11 that's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven no forget all Neil deals are Subtip credit approval see dealer for details Hallot Pani at GMC who shot from the roof tops We are professional grade And look Real five six Brandy Call You Or page Half burger guy title from the second-size cube I'm a cranky homophobic. Not that I might have put a weight to hold. I bet the size of a beard and beard. And a twist with feet looms my man friend. I'll just make up with generous on me. And then ask him to break my bun. No, there you know the again. So I would not feel the most old. And I would not be ashamed about a ginger and more gay union. Just hold him and stroke him away. Or make a weird that might bite. Just sound like a mind your own kiss. Only a macho men die. You don't notice that makes me flip my wig. If ginger was a lover of mine, I'd bury my bulbous baby now. Inside is simply rare and... You know I would not be a sport-boat. No! If I was not a closet to face, That's why a ginger and more gay union would make me feel pity in gay. Everybody follow my thousand goals. Yeah ginger and more gay union. Would make my sorrow bowie as pure state. If we had a ginger and more gay union, Then he wouldn't have to get me raped. Now you're watching a story on CNN about his little girl who filled up here The guy shot. No, I was a stolen MSBC. Snowball fight. Snowball fight outside of school filled up here. And the kids are, you know, throwing snowballs on the girls back and forth. Yeah, and a lot comes to one of the daddies, and he gets pissed off, you know, like it. He gets his name a limiter and all of a sudden, the girl is in critical condition. Over Snowball fight. And stunned. And Leon Harris and the other broads that's on their own CNN are act like, Oh, this is just incomprehensible. This is in a country where people blow each other's brains out of our parking spot. Right? Over parking spot. And they're saying, oh, Snowball fight is if it's so incomprehensible that people should each other, you know, over nothing, which happens all the time. Grow test gun unacceptable. Here's the fact that this should also give an idea about the warm, warm feeling, give broadcasting in South Florida. Okay. Just heard about your lost dog, which one was it? It was tiny because the other one we had put to sleep 14 months ago, so I guess by process of elimination, it was tiny. Ocean is saying, elimination. Sorry, tiny. As a fellow dog owner, please accept my sympathy. On a lighted note, I had my first ride to Corvette, what an awesome car, stay well. And you want to know why this is so emotional? Why is that? It's unsigned. Well, as a fellow dog owner, please accept my sympathy. You can't get much more personal and emotional than that, can you? That's the South Florida F and Way right there. They couldn't even make up a fake name. That's what I'm saying. Could have said, Joan David, Mode, Emma Howard David, Could have said anything. Well, the one I just said you was signed. Oh, it's not a condolent act, but it's okay. You can view the front, oh, this is John Portie Lucy. You can view the front line program online, oh, the ASU can't see that. And he's got the thing here, but I don't want to go through all of that. I just wanted to know when it's on the ear again, so I can sit back and relax and I have to view it on my computer. Didn't they say Wednesday? Did we have a conference? But I looked on a schedule. I don't see it Wednesday at 9 o'clock, or at any other time tomorrow. If anybody can tell me if it's on again, you know, like people who have a TV guide or have or actually watch TV, it'd be much appreciated. Specialists, we have all these call. There is a one call on the board. No. So, like I said, now that you're doing a show, there's a one call on the board. Maybe that's why. They thought I'd do it in the show. They all turned out right. Here's the poll. 229 votes. I'd rather croaked in vote of vote for George W. Bush 106 than vote for Hillary 62 than by a Michael Jackson CD 25. Listen to more Howard David at only 20. Well, he's small potatoes. He's really falling. Watch another Mike Tyson fight 10, or I'd rather croaked in drive a Mustang. 6. 6 of us discerning discriminating people, say we'd rather croaked than drive a child. I mean, would you write a tricycle back home after work? Well, if somebody stopped making my car payments, I wouldn't have much choice. Well, that's a good point. Well, let's work on it. Let's see how it works out for it. I'll take a scooter. Sodom is seeing using prostate groups to attack the US from the Washington Times, from our friend Lensangles website. Thank you, Lynn. Our recent CIA analysis concluded Sodom is saying is highly likely to use a thin-fifth of the US. A recent CIA analysis concluded Sodom is saying is highly likely to use a third-party terrorist group to conduct a proxy attack on the US in advance of American military operations according to US officials. And it goes on to say somewhere in the storyfifth I can find it, which it's a... Not very long, but it's it goes on. That possibly here it is. US intelligence officials said that the recent reports that Sodom would try to use has vola. The Iranian-backed terrorist group. That wasn't at our own BDI Bobby Graham. Many, many, many weeks ago that was screaming about that. Yeah. And about how come we're worried about Sodom when we got his vola. We got all these terrorist groups, that's just L-Cat about all these others. Running on loose all over the country. And nobody's doing anything about it. Right? There we are. I just mentioned that in past. You start now, again. On speaking of Vietnam, which I did before, where she had no comment about. I just don't know what it is with the people of South Florida. They're like, all brain dead, is that what it is? Well, for starters. I mean, we have 58,000 people die for nothing. Those were Americans who died for nothing. That's much and all the others. Right? And I guess they don't count. 58,000 people have a short memory. Have they were protecting America? They weren't protecting any interest of Arza. That of course, the World Cup is in the rubber companies. But other than that, the Catholic Church. But other than that. Yeah. For nothing. And the protesters were all labeled anti-American and scumbags. And Tommy Pinko, long-haired, liver, belly, yellow belly, whatever. And the same things going on now. This is a follow-up to the story about that lady basketball player that turns the other way to in Montface to Flag when they play the anthem. Yeah, there's been more. Of Vietnam, veteran came out of the court. Sunday held in Merckon Flag in front of Manhattanville, senior forward Tony Smith. After the vision tree play, again refused to face the flag during the National Anthem. She disgraced herself as she disgraced the flag since Yuri Kali 56 of often counting the York, who was ejected from the arena. After he walked on to the court during the first break in play, they showed this on news last night. They showed him marching out there and like stirring her down. Kali approached Smith as she lined up on other player prepared to shoot free throws. He was escorted out of the GM by school security and local police. As she has done all seasons, Smith turned 90 degrees away from the flag as the anthem was played prior to tip-off. Six of her teammates stood at attention with her hands on their chests. While three other teammates stood with her heads bowed and their arms at their sides, Smith declined to be interviewed after the game. That'll teach her a thing or two. Although he's got an excuse if he had an ompet, maybe he was one of those other thousands of thousands who came back, whose brains were fried. I just mentioned that in passing too. So wasn't just a 58,000 who died. Right. Hundreds of thousands of other people in their families and loved ones, whose lives were destroyed, ruined forever. Thanks to a just insane, unbelievably unacceptable piece of crap. And there's another reason you should watch a board on the 4th of July, which is a true story. Because it's all about that. About the ones that came back and what was here they had a version without time cruising. And telling it's his best acting job ever. Really? Shocking even better than bossy business? Yes. Shocking. Hey, they had to hold the gun to my head to make me watch it. Here's a call from Western. Hello. A lot of people. That was it. That was a mentally ill material. Hey. So I'm going to just reach over and down the rock. And with sound a much better. I wasn't too bad. I give up on eight and a half. Here's Miami. Hello. New God. Speaking. Good morning, New. Okay. Good morning, George. Hey, how are you? First up, I'd like to say, Mike, I don't want to touch a puppy. Sorry, you are. The other thing is that I hear you're coming up on your 27th anniversary. Yeah. Congratulations, my friend. I want to give you a good. I know that it's literally about that. You haven't seen about that girl. Not wanting to face her flag. Isn't that a little ridiculous? I mean, I don't have a problem with people doing that. I mean, why are they making such a big deal about it? We're burning the flag for, you know, right? That's right. Because it's something for all these other militant assholes to get bent out of shape about it. So they have to sing on her out. And, you know, all these great Americans who supposedly understand what freedom is all about. They have to like abuse her because she's exercising her rights. Yeah, I don't get that. You know, I myself asserted to use my military. And I consider myself somewhat thinking, you know, picture-wise individually, even though I'm about as well as you can get. Um, the other thing is that you talked about, oh, Vietnam. I don't trust Bush going to war. I don't support the war really because I don't just Bush. I think you got other concerns to others. You know, he got money concerns. He wants that oil over there as far as I'm concerned. I don't trust Bush. Money more. You see, you said the two magic words that duck didn't come down, but you said the magic words money and oil. Yep. You know, exactly. Well, you haven't been there. Okay, thank you. Thank you. What is it, guy? Military guy? Yeah. He doesn't support the war. It doesn't trust his president. He sees two. What do you see is what it's all about? Well, I got to do the break. Oh, it's a good thing I didn't show her right. That's fine. And probably should remove my recoil off from my mouth doing this fine. And then, D. And just like yesterday, you saw the thousand times better after the shower. Right. Well, that's because I inhaled the hot fumes in here. Unfortunately though, I didn't fart. Oh, God, I would have loved. Oh, man. There is nothing out of care. What anybody says. I'll underfall the cronkights. I've done that. Forted real bad in the shower and a hot spring. I got my ass to the curb. And inhaled it right. Wow, what a high. Hey, home orders is there anything worse than venturing out to your backyard for a swim. Looking at that once beautiful pool of yours and saying, Oh, my God, what happened here? Oh, my God. It's stained. It's dirty. It might be cracking. Well, you don't have to look at that mess anymore. Just say no, mole ugly pool. That's no mole. And call our friends in Atlantic Marseille. These guys aren't pool guys who want a cleaning service. They are real construction company who uses full-time employees. Not subcontractors. Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation hit the pool business. Diamond Bright. Do you know that my pool was diamond Brighted by the way? No, I never heard. Not by these guys. But by Cleftopub, but it's a great stuff. And Land Marseille's been pouring it on for 12 years. Their license had ensured professionals. They even train other companies internationally how to do diamond Brighting. And you'll get the same price that they give to the contractors. They'd route or Palm Beach call Atlantic Marseille. They're the largest installers of diamond Bright in all of South Florida. They'll come to you and give you a free estimate. They also perform pool and deck renovations, custom lighting, pool heating and exotic water features do. For the best call Atlantic Marseille, toll free, 1-800-558-8883. Diamond Bright is a pool's best friend. Diamond Bright is a pool's best friend. Diamond Bright is a pool's best friend. Sorry. I'm sorry. Watch this ice-rooted up on our boat. Bright in the eyes in the wildhouse doing all is presidential bed. He's there in the oval office though is not sure what an oval is. He's practicing a speech that he's been working on for weeks should be a breeze. But it's not for a man who thinks that if you're from a random or irrelease. Saturday he's still no spot of things what's in the center of Central Gold. You could say his brain is useless kind of like the Chinese clock up ventricles. Now he goes to give the speech with words his boat can't reach he looks up. But he won't tell you how he feels instead. He'll talk about some bad mistakes he'll make. He can't spell he can't act. He can't speak. So what he says so isn't out. Don't have a clue. Don't bring it in to him. So he just babbles on. Babbles on. If he said that alone. If I was 60 WCM sir about that the drop in there it headed in queue and so why you know play part of it right. Well you heard it. I enjoyed it right. I thought you wanted to what it was what I'll even share with you because I thought it was going on with that so just like the first one if we'd had a little bit more you know a little bit early morning. But I'll check it on the web. Of all the bedtime stories we have today this could be the most interesting US plans for our industry after Sodom speaking to that last caller. This is from the Houston Chronicle. Peace protesters are pointing through the streets. The UN Security Council continues to squabble and the US has yet to decide whether to war in Iraq or they decided. While so much about a second Persian Gulf war reigns uncertain the bush of interest rate is busy planning what Iraq's oil in this be might look like after Sodom was saying. The Pentagon already has scoped out Iraq's oilfields hoping to force all any order for the Sodom to towards the nation's crude wealth. The US State Department's future of Iraq's office has been soliciting input from free Iraqis on a range of economic and social issues and the White House is considering he'll be in charge of the second largest in the world whether an American might soon be running Iraq's oil sector remains unclear. It's fuzzy. They're wiping off the crystal balls. But this much seems certain the White House is considering a radical recreation of Iraq's government and economy. And I think we all have a feeling we know where they're going to be sticking at hose. Yeah. They all seem to be. They're going to stick it to the hose. How's that pull coming Neil? I'd rather croak than 271 votes than vote for GW Bush 129 vote for Hillary 69. Didn't make it up. All the numbers changed again. Like I said, 70. Fire Michael Jackson CD 34. Listen to him how are David at 25. Your small potatoes won't even care about you anymore. They have bigger face to fry. I'd rather croak than watch for another Mike Tyson fight 12 and drive a mustang six. You're going to take that call from your red lines or or by. Hello. Or. Yes sir. Here. Hello. Yes I am. I worry. Okay. Sorry, here by the dog. Thank you. Got a cat that's in the summer of situation and epileptic cat. Ooh. I have to commend you sir. I've actually attended a hearing. I attempted to call a couple of other radio talks. Much much more right wing than than what you do. You're the first person that I've heard at all mentioned the similarities between all the the bulkwrap that were being pounded with right now regarding this. Fort coming war. I'm going to be a non veteran by the way. I'm very proud of it. You're the first person to mention the similarities between all the crap that we're hearing now about. Oh, we're going to save these people and free their country and all this crap. That's the same shit and the same stuff. Excuse me. I heard in the 60s. And I can listen to them in the army and I went overseas. To do just that. I believed in that war. We sure did a wonderful job for them. Yeah. We lost 50,000 plus guys and everything's exactly the way it was. And the friendship, by the way, we're smart enough. That time to get the hell out of you. And after all those years, the French finally gave up. They came up and they took out a dodge and we go in there. Yeah. So I mean, I don't know how I feel like this war. I'll be very frankly, I'm sure that I believe it. I'm sure that I don't believe in it. What's about to happen. Well, the interesting thing is that it started out as regime change. And then when that became unpalatable, it became, he must eliminate all of his weapons of mass destruction. He doesn't have any weapons of mass destruction now that we know of that. He didn't have two years ago and five years ago and ten years ago and twelve years ago. And most of what he does have, he got from us in the first place. Yeah. True. So, you know, it's just as transparent as that business about Afghanistan and Taliban. And once the Afghan pipeline deal fell through. And they were no longer our buddies because they were hiding and protecting Osama, Yamama. And we had to eliminate them and get there at the Skum bags out of this. So we could recindole Afghan pipeline, which like I mentioned, we're getting that deal started up again now. It has nothing to do with people being oppressed and about wanting to free anybody. We don't give a crap about freeing anybody. Well, this government doesn't care about freeing the people in the US today. They don't give a crap about other people being free. My core crap. I have the freedom. And I've been there and I've seen it. And how many people is this administration? Will are all these chicken hocks? How many lives are they willing to sacrifice of innocent people so they can get their hands on a Iraqi? Or, let's question everybody in this country ought to be asking right now. Well, how many innocent people have to die to make these people happy? Okay. One of the interesting things about this presidency is that the people who are making the decisions have never seen dead bodies die. Right. I have. I have. Lots of them. Right. And it's sad. But you know what I say? Let then go over and fight the war. I agree. Okay. Have a great day. Thank you. Let then go over and fight it all the chicken hocks. Romsfeld and the wolfowitz and Pearl and Libby and G.W. and Dick Taney. Let's then go over there and leave the charge. Didn't saw them challenge into a debate. How about all this? I agree. We got that. Sautam challenges. Boasted debate. I saw it on Dan Ratherl. I just put it on Russell or something. Can you just imagine that? And of course, every fly sure right well. Oh, oh, oh, oh, we're not going to do that. Time for debating is over. They're going in. In two or three weeks. It doesn't. And that should that should anybody who's still on the fence who has any doubts. That should be the only message you need to know. Every time Hans Blix says, well, you know, we really didn't find this and we, they really don't have that. And these missiles only go 15 miles beyond where the supposed to go, which is hardly worth blowing up the world for. We don't like that. And then we make some other crap up. And we just keep making stuff up and making stuff up and all, well, they might have this, they might have that. And come clean. We know you're not coming clean. How those ghost ships coming. Oh, they're out there somewhere, man. I don't think we have a ghost of a chance to find them, but they're out there somewhere. He'll come this morning. And we're carrying all those phyocinical weapons and all those, uh, uh, uh, uh, all of that, all of these things, nerve agents. Right. And if that's the way that we had before. Which I don't doubt is true. But when you're back, I'm<|ko|><|ko|> to tick to the wall. That he's going to like unleash whatever directions he's getting. Here with his belong. Hamas and whoever else, how many innocent people are going to have to die in this country? Right. Because of the fact that these people, Wal. We jewelry people in the world in addition to which when you read about American opinion of America and the rest of the world. world now it's not just in one or two or three places it's getting scary or they're just jealous i see it's getting scary what they think about america and the american uh... government they don't have nice cars and color TVs like we got so they hate us oh they don't don't like we got anyway what am i getting excited about 19 till eleven five sixty george's doing a showcase and notice because i'm on it whether i had to manage it one it he came for hankered three hankers all under the night god better late than ever take a few days off on pergure self of back in shape we got her cune warm up at seven u m and uh... billin over with the wild cats at seven thirty not the albeone wild cats but billin over after the hockey game we got the big all that's all we had available and joe and mark with that uh... do the house sure there is two to six in a a.m uh... we're supposed to be a five sixty you a m hey if you guys out there are like most since he just mentioned are looking for your hair m i'd be in the toilet m i'd be on the flow m i'd be next to m i don't know where it is the moment you look the less you can find it if you want to get a great looking at air calm i buddy Charles alfieri he's the man he's the hair specialist for over twenty five years working with the famous and infamizant dead beats in everybody in between Charlie's been helping guys look their best with his incredible natural hairline system there are so many people as per le m all kinds of things now mousey look in a hair pieces they sell that propissia and really push you off to when you find out that it's dangerous number one and number two you won't grow a single follicle with it so get Charlie's natural hairline system it looks like they're really grown out of your scalp he can make you look younger and better than you have in a coon zade call him at their toll free number and actually he arrived you're turning to call you get that special $200 count just for mentioning my name so butch up and tell me that you're totally called one eight hundred three two one twenty four thirteen one eight hundred three two one twenty four thirteen or check them on the word why wicked web if you like Charles alfieri dot com get your hair back this year from Charles alfieri in four nine local bcpipe sixteen watching back Weak them all, beautimally Weak them all, beautimally Weak them all, don't you? I got in the fact that I think about it I really don't think about it and I don't need a rating that my mind is ready What thethirds of the amazing<|mr|> A real shit gun stick There are a lot of prepouters that's right That's right Your boy! and your whole boy. Don't cry for no tomorrow. Oh bright! Oh, a brother. Oh, that's love. I don't understand. Now you can leave from a drop while you can both end him. you suspect that an estimator right in school. You're just quiteinton this all Real Photeah It's great to have flat ass out. Hold on, take the boat. I don't know if that's right, but you'll hold him way to go home. No... No, no. esto Wait for a whole goal. This is what we said. Come back, Zach. What you want? What you want? What you want? What you want? What you want? What you want? What you want? What you want? What you want? You got a stab here. I know what time you're going to go back. 104656WQA. I'm trying to be kindled most memory because you're doing so poorly in the folder. Huh. So playing a lot of more bits. Some good passes here. Mark says a couple of things. If yet now more was thought by a young rural and... What is it, say? I don't know something. Urban poor minorities over nothing. I lost one cousin in the war and another to suicide upon his return. My hand out was considered a bad American for to find the warmongers. Now he's a world hero. To me, Cliff wrote a great song called Vietnam. Maybe George is heard of it. No. What's next, Mark? Now we know what's next, Mark. We're just hoping it's not as bad as it might be. I thought something about the French chef. I didn't know if you were interested, but I can't pronounce his name. About why? The French chef. Lois-so? Okay. The committee turned on the side of fame. Chef Bernard Luzos and shockwave nation-wide today. And spark condemnation from fellow killer and masters of acute France's all-powerful food critics of pushing him over the edge. Lois-so 52 was found dead yesterday in the bedroom of his home in Salud. There was three U.S. star coat the ore restaurant in France's Burgundy region east of Paris. A rifle was found by his side police were investigating the cause of death. However, employees and family were suggested he had committed suicide. The new set the gastronomic world in the morning. And became the leading topic of the French media. It also spark debate about the merits of restaurant guides waiting systems, as which chefs awaited your OIC-wide code himself. He maintained his top rating of three stars in the 2003 edition of the benchmarked Michelin-REGIDE. However, he lost two points going from 19. Hey. There he is. Going from 19 to 17 in the twenty-point rating system of the Grat Milou. That guy is in prestige in power in recent years. He said, if I lose the star, I'll kill myself. Said another three stars Chef Jacques-Limwood, who has a restaurant in Shagley and Salud, a region. Oh, God. I can't stand a French man. Can't stand it. No. I mean, they're not full of anybody with this whole business about their position. See if they were doing it from the right standpoint, you know, would have some credibility. Right. But they never met a terrorist they didn't like. They do a lot of business with Sodom, including Salum, the plutonium, for the nuclear reactor. These really had to store in the first place. Hmm. And, you know, just like the Russians who do a lot of business with the Iraq, they got the right opinion for the wrong reason. That's the right one. Nevertheless, never, nevertheless is right. Because one thing I will say, we ought to shut over that. French people piss me off. Great art pigs. I don't like to generalize, but in this show, we always make an exception on this show. The French art pig, yes, I'll say, I'll push off. And if you don't believe us, this go to Hollywood Beach. Oh. Mike, our chronic facts are my system of Vietnam, vet and still can't believe that 58,000 died for nothing. I almost made that list several times. We made it back to the USA in one piece he says. It did make me an angry person, change me forever. Today's people don't have any idea what the world is all about. Thanks to you, I do get to laugh and smile sometimes. Thanks to my PS, the movie Platoon, Messers Beup, every time I watch it, it was the best version of Vietnam to me. I'll tell you, I had tears in my eyes, running down my cheeks. I think it was Saturday when I was after, I just found it. I just found it, Lyndon Johnson movie by accident. I want to my movie channels. Yeah. And I, you know, at the end, which by that time, a McNamara had come around and realized the folly of the ways. And Johnson was taken all along advice and all around. And then they finally came back with the end of the movie, shown the statistic. And when it came up on the screen, 58,000 Americans died for nothing. It just, you know, it just really got to me. No, it's the 80. And we're supposed to be so concerned. I mean, of course, any rational persons concerned about the 3000 people lost their lives at 9-11. And if we really had proof that Iraq was involved, you know, by now, if we had any concrete proof if we had a smoking gun, if we had even a lukewarm gun, we had nothing. And you wanted to know why we have nothing? Because there was nothing. There is absolutely nothing. Didn't know what was around. There was a line. One line they used that's right. And that is that terrorists don't leave an address. Right. Unlike traditional wars where you know who you're fighting, when you deal with terrorists, like they don't leave an address. They all rallied around for the Afghanistan thing, because we knew exactly who it was and where they were at that particular moment. I mean, we do know we're 15 of an 19 terrorist, and those attacks came from. Right. And we also know that people who are much, much more, and in fact, if you wanted to attack a country where the overwhelming majority of the population is in favor of overthrowing the government, it would be cooperating to say to least, it would be Iran not Iraq. Iran is the country. Right. Where they've trained his volon, all the other terrorist groups where they're obviously the trigger in the wood pile. So Saudi Arabia and Iran and North Korea would be far far ahead of Iraq. We've been able to contain him all these years. You know, he was a bad boy. He went into Kuwait. And we went in Iran and no time at all, we got to back out. That's all. No, no, no fuss. He represents no imminent threat to this country. But because we want a battle of cage, who knows what kind of crap this group of chicken office is going to stir up? And a public just sits back, oh yeah, he's so wonderful, and he's so good, and that's a bad, and they're gonna stole a freight train. See, that's the John Wayne crowd. They like that. They like the guy with a six shooter in the cowboy hat. And a blinking beaty little eyes. Yeah. The offer you knew and look. And of course he shouldn't worry as much like Alfred Newman says, what me worry, because he ain't going there anyway. Right. Here's the show about frontline. Thank the Lord. Hello. Neil, I'm squeezing myself. I got the info you need. Okay. The frontline episode is called War Behind Closed Door. Right. Okay. It's gonna do out. It's on the dish. They're gonna be out on the WGPH Boston Station. March 21st. Okay. If you want a fire, I could give you the 800 number. It's 29.95 plus shipping and handling. Yeah. By the time it would get here, it would be pointless, because as of today, it's available online, the whole thing. Right. Because it will be re-aired March 21st at doing at six on GPH Boston. The station up there. Yeah. The way things are going these days, we don't want to plan that far ahead. All right. No problem. I just wanted to let you know if you need to. You want me to give you the 800 number? No. I'll check it out online. All right. It's called War Behind Closed Door. All right. Thanks a lot. No problem. How can we not give him the numbers out? Oh, 560560 and Dad and Powered Town 580. Well, you should get off easy. Yeah. I always get off easy. That's what I heard. 877-785-6345 is toll-free anywhere else online night. What is it again? 877-775-6345. I never give that number because I don't even know what it is. I mean, I didn't have that number all the time. By the way, I haven't posted it. No, no. I don't know. I don't know. Because we all know. We get an occasional call on there from out of the market. I guess if we gave it more often when we get some calls on it. But most of the time we get a call from inside the market. From inside the building? Well, that's too. I would have doubt it. Probably from Maddie Bell or PD. I do like what a stranger calls. I like Charles Dernon. I don't know. Maybe I'll have one. Maybe because he's fat. Thanks, Caroline. Caroline, one of our regular facts is in the control. This is about timing. It's about her pets and Yadiyada. Thanks, Caroline. John reports a Lucy. Who's becoming the on-cronic but a good guy. I can go on. This is about your dog. Yadiyada. PBS is doing a member's choice fundraiser in March. So it's possible it could be shown then. Yes, March, 2021. John is what we just heard. The next schedule front line is not until March 20th at 10 p.m. Hmm. Well, whatever. They should do a pretty crappy job. Of course, nobody watches PBS anyway. But since they showed that here just a couple nights ago, wouldn't you think? Wouldn't you think? Uh-huh. That somebody in the mainstream news media. One of the networks. Somebody would be like a spanning on it and the exp. Yeah. Yeah. That is an amazing. The overwhelming majority of the good stories that are coming out on this are coming from Out of the US media. But it's in the UK or in Australia. Or, where have it held us coming from? Around the rest of the world. You mean, in media? Pinko, Connie's and other countries. Anti-American fellow. So crap. All his garbage about the. Or, as a matter of fact, Paul Begallama, to good point on cross for our last night. About the Washington Post. And about how everything it has to do with the the the the Bushah deal on a rack is on page eight of the Washington Post. And by every time they find out that they're full of crap, they hide in the middle of the front section. But when it come to find out about Bubba, Bubba and Monica something they had on the front page every day. So he said so much for this bookrap about the liberal Washington Post and liberal media. We all know it's a polycrap. You really ought to get that Eric Alpharman book. What liberal media? I'll just borrow yours. Or just turn on Fox News for five minutes. You'll understand what I'm talking about. No thank you. And a good news about being here is we don't get Fox News. Oh, see. Oh, right. And you wonder why I'm in such a good mood. Here's a call from what is it? Del Rey Beach. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey everybody. Good. I used to listen to you. I used to live in Bunker. I know there's been drink of stuff here while I'm in listen to you. These are these the um um um electronic air waves. All right. Thank you. I actually have an office now in summary Beach. Which I am right now. And I used to listen to you back in the days when you were with Captain Dave and the bird and on the right stuff. And and before you uh you know Tommy was the uh retwin coming. And then the new coo clock's plan. So I'm here lying live in brush. I'm I'm a professional math and fact I'm an issue by issue that a person can do something liberal. But I think it's totally full of crap on this whole uh uh one was the rack because apparently you are pretty much more information than the federal government and the United States Congress and the United Nations and everything and you're just the father of the President Obama. You're a little bit of a pop show based on what? What do you face? You're being in some apparently even more than the federal government. So the United Nations passed another resolution is that what you're telling me? The United Nations already passed a resolution authorized in the first infant's fact there's a material breach of the current of the former resolution. And if they've been in the United Nations passed the second resolution which is what almost everybody is demanding including the majority of the American public if they done that. We can now just no reason to me because the president was already passed. That's like uh you know uh well. I like the United Nations. Since you're so hysterical about this. Since you're so hysterical also we're going to throw you around the tays, the liberal talk ho, all this other crap. You're you're going to talk about crap. What evidence? Where's the smoking gun? What is it that a rack represents a threat to you? Well first of all we have to be real you and I are both fortunate enough to live in what's called the Constitution of democracy. And so I'm not interested in some kind of a civics lesson. I asked you a question okay don't give me double talk. What evidence is there that a rack represents an imminent threat to you or to me? Well um I don't thank you have a nice day. 1058 at 560 QAN. You're my normal. You're supposed to support radio by 680. You weigh in. I could can't keep a packer in his pants. What is the world? What is the world? Tonight on Cops it's the deldoodle. I need a new computer. What's the hard drive? What's the monitor? What's the mouse? What do you know anything? How much of that stuff do you smoke? Is that a joint man? I'm looking for a hot. Oh yeah. Tonight on Cops. You're really stupid things when you're happy. I'm going to join in this man. I hate cops looking. Hey dude you're getting busted. What's the number two? What's the number two? What's the number two? Yeah you and your liberal talk show. Yeah that guy. He was classic man. You don't pay him with that broad brush. He was a textbook example of what's wrong with talk show callers. And then of course when you ask him, well get down don't kill me. I double talk in a specific lesson about where it is where that just answer the question. It couldn't do it. It wasn't going to do it. We were up against the break anyway but one extra minute because I could tell he wasn't going to do it. Well you didn't have an answer from you knew that. And the idea that the idea that we all have to go step in line and invent them to use that word again, the venom that he was attacking with. Yeah you and your liberal. Yeah I don't give a crap if he listened on Zator or not that's another lifetime ago. What does that have to do with anything? There was once upon a time he liked me right and now because of the fact he doesn't agree with what I'm saying I know more than the UN. If the UN had the proof, if the UN really bought the colon pala and by the way how come if the UN was buying it? When the French ambassador to the UN was finished speaking he got an ovation in the UN which is almost on a herd of that kind of display of emotion. It never happens in the UN and my colon pal finished with his statement which he cut short because he was pissed off and fired up. There was deadly silence. How come sir if the UN is so convinced now all arrest of the world? Oh those are all American hate and counties. Nick Christoff writes in the liberal New York Times. See I'm not one of those people who buys into this crap that liberal is a dirty word. I'm proud to be a liberal okay? Hitler on the Nile. Nicholas D. Christoff writes in the newspaper on our website. Now I wasn't going to read because I have no voice to read anyway and plus it's bedtime stories but who gives a crap because that guy just pisses me off because he doesn't know what that he's talking about. He says there's so much chest dumping so many alarms about Iraqi menace. That I sometimes feel that the only patriotic thing to do is invade Iraq and plow salt into its soil. So it's useful to conjure a conservative war hero like Dwight Eisenhower and consider what he would do if he were present today. After his experience with Hitler, I Quitstan after the Lily Libert pussyfooting piece nicks and squished Saddam Hussein like a bug right? No probably not. Eisenhower led the European allies to victory in WWE 2 was present from 1953 to 1961. Face the crisis in Egypt similar to today's and effectively chose containment rather than invasion. Likewise, even when faced with a threat of weapons of mass destruction, President John Epc Kennedy chose to contain QOE than invaded and President Ronald Reagan chose to contain Libby rather than invaded. I hope we have the courage and discipline to emulate such restraint by Eisenhower Kennedy and Reagan today and use containment over war for Iraq. In Iks case he faced demand perceived in the West as a far greater minister than Saddam is today, Gamal Edgel Lasser of Egypt. Nasser had the potential to upset the globe in a way that Saddam doesn't, Nasser was idolized by the Arab masses and aggressively intervened abroad. He helped the Algerians fight the French, forge close ties with Russia and infiltrated terrorists into Israel. Israel also went terrorist operations in Egypt, blowing up American libraries and cultural targets and attempt to turn its NASA. When Nasser nationalized the Suez Canal in 1956, the West was sure that the Canal would fall apart and disrupt global trade, Parrero radio once boasted millions of Arabs are preparing to blow up all of America's interests, all of America's installations and your entire existence America. All the hospital protest, Nasser didn't have weapons of mass destruction, actually he did, Nasser's troops used mustard gas and Yemen. European leaders were determined not to appease this Hitler on the Nile, France Israel and Britain conspired to invade Egypt and Ossnasser. It was too risky to allow this adventurer this miniature Hitler to develop, for Mr. Prime Minister Gai Gimalea, a fan later told Nasser's biographer, Jean Lachatur. Heck was outraged and so did the Europeans, what they tried to do to us now. He fought the invaders to retreat and solve the crisis peacefully. The US is committed to a peaceful solution they declared. Thank God for Ike. If the Hoxibon running the show then, we might still have troops in Egypt. The Hoxibon they are credited have a good recent record their military forecast. They correctly saw that the first Gulf War in the Afghanistan invasion would go easily, while those worried about crackmires. But the Nasser history also reminds us that the Hoxibon had a consistent track record of shrieking obsessively in seeing one minor country after another as global threats in an eye-bolting alarmist way that in retrospect looks hysterical. In 1950s and 60s the Hoxibon magnified the threat from Vietnam and Cuba. In 1980s they have said about Nicaragua only a one week bus ride from Texas. None of these threats were imagined but they were exaggerated. Now the focus is on Sodom and it's true that he's been brutal and threatening for 25 years. Especially in the 1980s when Don Rumsfeld was co-using up to him in Baghdad at the US was shipping him 7 strains of anthrax. The last 10 years have been the best behaved of Sodom's career not saying much, and he's now 65 controlling an army only a third of its peak strength and in the twilight of his menace. The arguments against containment of Sodom were also made about Nasser. It will not work Western credibility will vanish if we back off. If we don't invade now we'll have to fight him in a few years when he's stronger and yet Nasser faded away as Sodom is already fading. So one can accept that Sodom is a threat and that Iraq would be far better off without him and yet prefer the Eisenhower approach of containment. We might remember that Eisenhower warned Britain in 1956 that its insistence on outing the ousting Nasser was leading to sweeping anti-British sentiment and that while initial military successes might be easy the eventual price might become far too heavy. Right, Nick Christophe in New York times today. By the way, speaking of Eisenhower, the last thing he did when he left office in the inaugurated Kennedy. In one of his last speeches he warned he said, beware the military industrial establishment. Hmm, to say former hero general, right, WWW always like being aware of the military industrial establishment. The dangerous one, this is what he said. It's been a Kennedy, of course, they were some of the people who assassinated him, but that's be-side of him. Oh. 560, 560, 560, 560, only 18T lines were to do the show today. Can you say have no doubt I said no to- How's the pull coming? I'd rather croak. I'd rather croak than talk to any morassals like that, cos I don't know. I don't mind disagree, but I'll say I listen, I was trying to be patient, right? But it's always it starts with it. Yeah, you liberal about y'all, I'd rather crap. Oh, you say crap like I said, the same-huh? He saved the good insults for when he called me back. Oh, did he? To say one. What? Oh, cos you know that-that you're scared of him. You know how to balls with the bait, don't you know? He didn't-he wouldn't answer the question, plus we're already a minute past the break. And when it's obvious he had nothing to say. I'm going to sit here and just hand the show over to him. What an asshole sir. Go back to where the hell are you saying go back to the line? Go back to South Carolina with the bans who on your knee. You're finna perfect. There's a reason there's a border. I'd rather croaked here and 50 votes than vote for George W. 169. Vote for Hillary 79. I'd rather croaked in via Michael Jackson CD43. I'd rather croaked and listen to how he'd David had 40. He's moving up a little bit. Then watch another my Tyson 517. Rather croaked and rave a mustang. Ten of us would make that this is entased. You didn't listen to that? Have you heard the mustang? Yes, I did. I've a little over that. Are you trying to tell me what I voted for now? No, I just thought you were going to. I saw a gaslight. Pretty good movie. I guess what I saw yesterday. I give up. It's entirety because you touted and you said it was a good movie. Yeah. Because it was on again. I'm the IFC channel in the National Film Channel. Friendsie. Oh, yeah. It was okay. It was a long, pretty long. Pretty long to go all the way through that for that ending. I mean, fairly predictable. What the potato truck? The potato truck was cute. Yeah. When a cop saw her legs and body dangly out of the back of the potato truck, that was kind of cute. Yeah. I think when I don't like this story about innocent Sentinel, which one? Mother's of Lionel Tate and the Thang of Resonado. Oh, yeah. Oh, no. You know what? Crack is that. First of all, you Catholic's out there. I'm talking only about the ones who support this kind of mentality. You better understand that the rest of the world doesn't give a flying crap about this pop or any other pop, they'll pay the other old man in the press. And even though I may have it agree with him about the war, and you know, you can pick and choose one from Colombe and one from Colombe, who gives a crap what he says. Right. And they're meeting with in the Vatican this way to campaign for changes in how the US handles children who commit serious grump. Remember when it came to the US last time it was in the country, right? Any, he said, don't execute that guy in St. Louis, where it had a was. Yeah, they put on the execution. Right. Yeah. Of course, St. Louis, of course, being a very heavy Catholic city. Mm-hmm. This is the, this is the Hutspa of organized religion. Not just the Catholic Church, all of them. Yeah. Go practice your superstition and walk around, oh, you know, what other movies I saw the other day? But that Sunday, I taped them. The Omen, part one, was the other one. Damien, what a day. Yeah, Omen too. They also had another term with a lot of those. The first one with Gregory Peck, right? With Anne Lee, uh, Remick. Mm-hmm. Right? Right. And a second moment with William Holden and Lee Grant. Damien, look at me. It's all for you. Freaking, Damien. Punk. Shmuck. Yeah. But anyway, two South Florida moms, Lionel Tate Nathaniel Brazil, are in a delegation of 34 people from Round US who are meeting with Vatican officials this week. Their sons, as we know, were both convicted of adults from murders they committed ages 12 and 13. Tate now 16 is certainly two years of a life sentence without possibility of parole for the 1998 beating death of Tiffany Unic, a six year old family friend. And Brazil also 16 is served two years and I'm months of a 28 year of sentence for shooting death of teacher very Bruno at Lakewood School in 2000. I see I don't understand why Lionel Tate got a sticker sentence, life without possibility of parole. And the other kid, I mean, you know, he's smothered her and he was like, it was indefensible but nevertheless, how do you compare that to a kid that takes a gun to school? Because the teacher won't let him in to talk to his girlfriend. What's his brains out right there? How do you compare that? I don't know with a chart. The visit comes as Tate's attorney is expected to launch a second effort to get clemency and as Tate and Brazil's appeals make their way through the system. The delegations being led by the Reverend Thomas Masters, a pastor at New Macedonia Baptist Church in the Middle East, a pastor at New Macedonia Baptist Church in the Middle East, a pastor at New Macedonia Baptist Church in the Middle East, a pastor at New Macedonia Baptist Church in the Middle East, a pastor at New Macedonia Baptist Church in the Middle East, a pastor at New Macedonia Baptist Church in the Middle East, a pastor at New Macedonia Baptist Church in the Middle East, a pastor at New Macedonia Baptist Church in the Middle East, a pastor at New Macedonia Baptist Church in the Middle East, a pastor at New Macedonia Baptist Church in the Middle East, a pastor at New Macedonia Baptist Church in the Middle East, a pastor at New Macedonia Baptist Church in the Middle East, a pastor at New Macedonia Baptist Church in the Middle East, a pastor at New Macedonia Baptist Church in the Middle East, a pastor at New Macedonia Baptist Church in the Middle East, a pastor at New Macedonia and a pastor at New Macedonia Baptist Church in the Middle East, a pastor at New Macedonia Baptist Church in the Middle East, a pastor at New Macedonia Baptist Church in the Middle East, a pastor came to communities to study, so there's a pastor's rebelled and pastor on the throne. He came to other scene exactly where he died, he came at preach. He came to Christ Bible telling, when he died, where a pastor came, Roles and Roles and the inside, to believe that they have any sensitivity when he kind of decency it all right. They got this poor father. He was running around with Polaroid looking for his daughter. The tears were streaming down his eyes like Niagara Falls and they're following him around with the cameras. He got about the parents that were standing outside of the hospital. Yeah. The kid, you know, he survived the fire, but he was burned badly. Right. He's in hospital and the mother's just crying hysterically and the reporter's sticking to Michael. And you're facing the patient. We don't need one here. One. Just sick. Really sick. And I'm going to say it again. I'm going to include it, especially for that Jack asked to call me a few minutes ago. Oh, we're fortunate enough to live in it. You don't know a goddamn thing about the world. Okay, you asshole. Any country that doesn't place any value on human life can never be a great country. Why? And local. And here's sports radio, 560's UAM. Guy size matters big time. According to the Florida Department of Labor Computer Professionals, he got really big ones. And of course, we're talking about paychecks. According to the state of Florida, computer careers are among the highest paid in the highest demand. Fast-ranking up you achieve your new high-paying computer career in just four short months. Fast-ranking got locations all over town. So does Vannaboo on your by you. They're in Kendall, Miami, Florida, and in Pembroke Pines. With the evening and weekend skiddles, there's absolutely no excuse to stay in a crappy dead and job. Make an apal-free sum and work in for some schmuck when you can start making big bucks. So call our friends at Fast-Rain right now. 1-8-6 fast-trained. That's 1-8-6 fast-trained. They got full-time job placement and guaranteed financing too. Call Fast-trained toolfaring, get yourself on a way to a real serious job at a big fat paycheck. 1-8-6-6 fast-trained or check them out of the web at Fast-trained.com. God! 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 1-8-6 fast-trained. 2-10 fast-trained. 1-2 fast-trained. 1-8-8 fast-trained. 5-8 fast-trained. 2-10 fast-trained. 6 fast-trained. 2-10 fast-trained. 10 fast-trained. 10 fast-trained. 15 fast-trained. 6 slow-trained. 61 fast-trained. 10 fast-trained. 51 fast-trained. 5 fast-trained. 12 fast-trained fast-trained. 15 fast-trained. 7 fast-trained. 6 fast-trained. 18 fast-trained. exactly Here's a great column. What am I doing all this reading? I don't know why you do know that reading Oh yeah, George and Miami double stand yeah was sir. We have was into that before yeah Ethnic cleansing being thousands and thousands of people being murdered Right going into that which was was that really a war on the level of what's going on today? No, not way on NATO and the United Nations and everybody that we were just a part of At any rate don't confuse or here's what it says my condolences about your little dog tiny My take on is the rack thing. It's what it's more the same going to a rack look like the hero just in time for Reaction my fear is people are real like bush with all the patriotic crap and it reminds of forget how everything is tank and says you sure time after Baba has left Another thing I remember during the end of Clinton term gas went up and the Republicans were going nuts blaming Clinton Other gases $2 a gallon some places where the same Republicans screaming about gas prices Well, let me say it again to you sir both parties suck They both suck It wouldn't be an semester winter today if it worked for the fact that the Democratic Party was so weak They're a buffer to be sure, but they suck Anyway, here's an article common dreams.org rate the website Liberal 12 reasons to oppose a war with Iraq by Russell Moe Moe Khaber and Robert Weissman You ready I'm ready 12 reasons to want the drum. I forget sir all those liberals like Pat few cannon Robert Novac Maybe as a people around the world last weekend demonstrate against war on Iraq there was no mistaking the message no war But especially with the airwaves and op-ed pages dominated by warmongers who mock and this characterized the burgeoning piece movement There remains a need to continually reiterate the common sense reasons to oppose a war here are a dozen One Iraq is no threat to the US What what one of the weakest militaries in the region Iraq is surely no threat to the world's lone superpower? There was no evidence it has risk close-taving nuclear capacity There's no evidence that it has the means to launch a chemical and biological attack against the US if in fact it has such weaponry There's no evidence of any Iraqi connection to al Qaeda Two Iraq is deturable even if it had the means to threaten the US Iraq would be deterred by the certain even overwhelming military response in avene any attack on the US that Iraq is Deturable as shown by its decision not to use chemical or biological weapons against the US or Israel during the Gulf war three Iraq's only conceivable threat to the US is an event of war Baghdad for now appears to be drawing a line short of conducting terrorist attacks with conventional or CBW against the US RoxyA directed George Tenet in October 2002 led a decongress Should Sodom conclude that a US led attack could no longer be deterred he probably would become much less constrained in adopting terrorist actions Which ties in the other story we had before yes For other terrorist risk rise in avene war a US attack in subsequent occupation of a lack of variety of inspiration And new recruitment fodder for al Qaeda and other terrorist groups and will stimulate a long term increased RISC terrorism either on US soil or against US citizens overseas Five US soldiers are vulnerable to chemical or biological attack in a war Although there's little reason to doubt the US military will try a relatively quickly in the event of a war US soldiers faced non-negligible risk of casualty House-tows fighting in Baghdad would be perilous If push administration accusations that Sodom maintains a CBW capabilities true and if its friends have Inteld in showing that Iraq plans to use CBW in a vente war both are both non-fabricated and accurate the US soldiers are what made your risk Last Sunday 60 minutes reported the army investigation show between 60 and 90 percent of its chemical and biological OI weapon protective gear malfunction did 60 to 90 percent I saw it a Pentagon spokesperson actually suggested that holes in gas mask could easily be covered by duct tape It was nothing we do out and by duct tape share with our military doesn't dick-chainy all-inside Six Inspections can work us we never heard again from that boxer from Friday Idiot Six inspections can work To whatever extent Iraq maintains weapons of mass destruction it's clear that the previous inspections process succeeded in destroying the overwhelming proportion Iraqi intelligence now with static inspectors and I'm making progress despite the history on a city administration Past experience suggests the inspection process can work in finished the job Seven common sense is error on the side of non-violence Since Iraq poses no imminent threat to the US to many of its neighbors it makes sense to continue given Speckons a chance work and always be resorted to later but once the war is commenced the opportunity to achieve legitimate objectives without violence are lost And additionally obvious cost use of violence tends to be get more violence sparing a highly unpredictable cycle 8 the doctrine of preventative wars a threat to international law and humanity Conceating there's no human threat to the US administration is sought to justify war under a doctrine of preemptive or preventative action But if a legitimate to start war because of what another country might do sometime in the future Then there'd be very little legal or moral constraint on warmaking a proposition is dangerous anti-Moral Might be that law they passed an atonement Delaware remember? Yeah, whether arresting people on suspicion of the or going to commit a crime's atonement of future because you look like it Right If that were the case Carlos there he'd Oh and ten to twenty right now looks suspicious Nine reject empire many of the leading proponents of war motivated by desire to demonstrate US military might and commence an era when US military powers exercise more routinely To satisfy the whims of elite US factions Many proponents now overtly defend US Idea the idea of US imperialism just to find on the grounds that the United States apparently unique among all previous aspirants to Imperial authority is Motivated by provotion of democracy and human rights But all empires have profits such self-serving rationalizations to legitimize narrow self-interest The present case is no different imperialism is fundamentally in from incompatible with democracy Ten revend his not a legitimate motive for war There seems little doubt that part of the Bush administration motivation for war is a desire to get Sodom since he refused to go away after the Gulf War and allegedly targeted the president's father Sodom is an awful and brutal dictator and an assassination attempt if there was one as a heinous act Or revenge should not be the basis for war 11 there are better solutions to our energy problems It overstates the case to say a war with a rack would be a war for oil There are too many other contributing factors for the rush to war at the same time It is it is not credible to claim designs at a wacky oil are not part of the calculus And it's hard to see the United States carry much about a rack at the company to not sit in the world second largest oil reserves But it's past time for the US and the rest of the world to move beyond oil and carbon based sources of energy Existing efficiency technologies and renewable energy sources if deployed could dramatically reduce reliance on conventional energy sources And modest investments and renewables could soon move us away from an oil-based economy A 12. Thank you at the same last one A racky lives are at stake Unless a war brings immediate abdication by Sodom military action is assured across massive casualties among Iraqi conscripts and especially Huh, I'm on your rakey civilians. Solidarity with the Iraqi people not their brutal government but the people request opposition We're almost certain to cause them anymore as an enormous suffering. That's it and thank God I I And orange means a time when you say what is my color blind on the ass When the sweat Oh here's a little history lesson to see this from very when you have a idea But it's the person the greatest risk we face is not from Sodom who say to Iraq or from King John Eolid North Korea By the way, it's Kim Jong-il He be ill and Because I am I got a little cold, but I that last thing I read man Just how could you let me read so I don't know what stop doing that. What do you idea? From terrorism per se from beginning at time the world has always been a violent place with wars and terrorism as a chronic condition of humanity The reason why America faces terrorism for the first time in our history comes from it is for the first time in our history What about Timic Bay? I'm sorry Comes from the fact that our government has been influenced by a foreign power intent on importing us and foreign conflicts Who is this foreign power everyone knows the identity of this foreign power, but none dare say it? However your former esteemed and courageous colleague the honorable senator William Fulbright identified the danger of the TV program meet depress in the facts Think that they pack it about Israel pretty It doesn't say I say I thought it was Serbia As far as I'm concerned you know my feeling about Israel and the Palestinians You know screw them all that's in my feeling the idea that the rest of the human race has to be held in limbo that all of our lives have to be endangered because of this Centuries old this thousands and thousands of years old the history between the Arabs and the Jews not acceptable You know They want to kill each other have a good time. Don't drag us in and if the Arabs didn't have all this oil, you know something that would be the philosophy of just about everybody And all you Zionist out there if you don't like the answer too bad because I'm nauseated with a Irelia Sharon and he's got them illegal settlements when hell doesn't end already What are they stop giving the Palestinian suicide bombers and excuse to uh to do it? What the out of the one court he's more than Jacques Cretjent at least he consistently talks out of the same corner of his mouth in frog, you know Where's your motocs out of both corners out of one court he's talking peace and not the other hand to keep expanding the settlements But nevertheless what what's the use there is self-fulfilling property that's never ever gonna end Did I say that years ago? Yeah, I've never gonna end because you're dealing with religious fanatics I mean you know is really Arab peace is an awesome or I it's an I just ain't gonna happen And this is what nobody wants to talk about once in a great while somebody will bring it up But nobody in the mainstream media dares talk about religious extremism fundamentalist lunacy That's what the problem is in a world right there Why do you think Turkey's so psychotic about the Kurds? They're afraid they might be eating their Kurds in way in on their territory They're afraid of that. They don't want to separate Kurdish country there, right? It's the messed up all their plans because they're not cases to the Kurds exactly and then you got the Shiites and you got the You know they're all full of Shiites for as I'm concerned Just a bunch of religious crazy people like I said before and to see so many people die because arguments over headdier, you know It's really pathetic the big cloth or the little cloth I mean what which being issue we have Should we have the Jewish beanie do we have to have the one to pop in the cardinals where? We have to have the biniana to save the was cardinals like a baseball cap which a bini we supposed to put on So we can respect whichever crazy guy you want to respect this I'm kind of like the fur hockey puck my I wish we had a place I guess we do it's called Holland to better such a bunch of primitive bastards over there, you know No seriously it's a wonderful enlightened country as far as the government but the fact is that For whatever reason the people there to go back and answer again while I'm a fed up with Amsterdam with Holland They've chosen to continue living in the Stone Age and it's just not a comfortable place to live It's very refreshing when you escape the the repression of the United States to go there and see what real living and breathing people think and How they live and the freedom that exists and the not judgmental approach to life. That's marvelous But the idea that you know like running water is almost a revolutionary concept. I mean that may be a little extreme But there's no need for that, but they like it and you can't go to another country and say well gee It's really great. I love all the freedoms and all the open mindedness in the bohemian atmosphere But can't you just live this way and I'm gonna sit and get out of here asshole How do you know how do you say that in Dutch and do I yeah? How do you say buffongula and Do I see that's one problem with the Dutch? I left one letter out for their not full in me, you know the old Dutch So I'm concerned about your voice so Cindy says sorry here about time. Thank you, Cindy and also we're in thank you It took it late and I put high to sleep yesterday was 14 years in a couple months old With the end his liver will gave out and that was the end of it I beg you pardon. I said I'm gonna you're doing a show my voice a lot Reading and then the top it off and he's got me doing live spots here to speak in Carlos How does he get no longer eradicating like poises a trouble maker Slaved driver. I dreamt you're run out of voice on that last day. Believe me. I just I just sweetened The literary in there In fact I'd rather croaked than read another bedtime story. I should have put that on the pool for me today So I'd have a choice. I think you should bail up to the segment What I think you should bail out I don't know what you're talking about I don't know what you're feeling anywhere. I'm scared that if you blow your ass out and you take the calls and I'll say to you I gotta do that spot anyway. I know I don't feel bad I just I just have a throat or I just don't want you to strain something there to strain it because then you'll be out all day tomorrow And that would be bad That's something about who don't do it. Well the problem is that we're not of what you call it? What do you call it? Oh recall it recall I only had I only had one thing left one pack in it. Those were magical and I sucked them all down and they'd go their gone I too many of those are good for anyway, although I noticed that they don't really have much effect on my blood sugar I just mentioned that for your diet better That's not that for your people that are sick and tear to take and that stuff that's got certain not everybody is allergic to Serbatole if you ever eat a bulb I'll know if you have that That thing Then you probably I think I've built up an immunity over the years with these cough trumps. Not me I eat about three or four of those halls mental with the sugar free and I'm like Squirtin all over the place anyway go ahead and take some calls and I'll sit here and dummy up and I was bad Miami likes a love yeah, hi Neo. He's there. Oh How you doing me up? Sorry about your dog. Thank you. Listen, Neil. I know your show isn't a team and I know that When it's all about but I just wanted to say I'm so glad that you're finally taking on the mad man in the White House We'll be finally well this guy is crazy. He's been saying that since day one since he before even got in there We mean that's right. So it's been a promise right this guy It's probably not talking about they're actually talking about tactical nuclear weapons right right that's right This is insanity. Yeah, and it and if you just figure that out If you listen to the state of the union address, uh-huh. It's not just Iraq. No, no from that man A festo. We're gonna go after everybody that all the evil-doers man 1 by 1 We're gonna wipe them out and take whatever assets that while whatever else they got and the most dangerous thing is that these super nationalists It's just a matter of time before they start arresting people who disagree with them What's better to be in a super naturalist? Well, I'll tell you right now. They sure work heavy do you try to get this your off the or a couple months back? They're very very dangerous and then people are sitting back and they're just watching this alcoholic Go bananas and they're just shouting USA USA you know somebody has to take the time They don't forget he's only the face man. He's just he's just the PR guy for Cheney and Wolfowitz and All the Richard Pearl and Libby and all these other people. They're the ones called all the shots They don't hide the chicken ox the one that I think is really calling the shots is his father He's he has a lot more power than people are seeing he's moved you know daddy didn't act this way when he was an office. Yeah, that's true Is daddy he's a daddy where daddy kept his honor. He resisted But at least his daddy lined up the world to tobacco this guy is actually yeah But he keep in mind he lined up the world because because number one Sodom had just invaded Kuwait and number two right rest of the Arab world was competing their pants They were crap in all over their their night counts because they were afraid that they were gonna be next including the Saudis number one Right, but this guy he's the French I know you're not big on the French But the French are our friends the French are the ones that helped this country become free now But you don't understand sir the only people are friends are people are agree with us I mean that but that kind of mentality you know It's it's a nightmare and the fact that people are so stupid so many millions stupid not to see how ugly that argument is and how painting the other A political party is being unpaid throughout it because they don't go step along is a very scary thing I thought that we elected or somebody stole or whatever we have a president of all the people not just of whoever agrees with him Right, but that's not the way he's looking at it if you're if you don't agree with him 100% This guy is gonna take reprival today. They said they they told the French that unless they Vote with us. They're actually they're gonna be considered very unfriendly What are that right if I if they're going to agree with us McDonald's is also gonna start selling those freedom fries And we're working too. What's what? Well, you know the world needs more people you know like you especially in this country who can You know really give the views of most of the people in the United States The people in the United States don't want to go to war with anybody There were two to handle this situation. I got this for us are the people up here sure is not a one-in-e-part of it overwhelming And if you go to the rest of the world a Germany France Italy space yeah, no mind no yeah It's interesting that Spain you know we've got that pimple over here now is good buddy Anzard But 85% of people in Spain the one-in-e-part of this war and also the same in Italy and of course his buddy and Italy Burma Scones the biggest crook on the face of the Europe makes it look like a a piker Yeah, but this is madness and I'm just so glad that you're taking the time to point out the people the craziness that were under and You know, this is the year 2003 we don't want to make the same mistakes that that were made in 1903 and the in the first world well, would you start this century with death all over again for crying out loud Yeah, well, we sure don't want to make the same mistake we made in Vietnam We don't need another 58,000 young Americans coming home and body bags have a great day pal. Well take it easy. Thanks To you guys that alone have you're pardon you got any more of that tea do you must be psychic during the break? I have a whole crap load of it. All right. I'm gonna go in there and make a bunch of tea. Tea totsy I'm okay just that you you stream when you start reading watch a long step. I don't don't read anything else except for this about that's coming up Oh, I see except this well, I'm glad to do this fine. You know something except Out of every dark cloud. I can always find a little silver lining. Yeah And now then I'm gonna be called dry concepts for the last time in a long time I've been using them my house for over 20 years and of course my dogs were like 13 and 14 when they went to doggy heaven So that means for most of those time I had one and usually two dogs in the house and believe me especially One that just departed yesterday left a lot to remember him by but unfortunately for him Gonna have to make those things go away and dry concepts. They'll do it even the nasty looking carpeting in the world They can make look just like brand new that's why I use them that's why my relatives use them my friends use in my enemies Anybody with a brain uses dry concepts because they'll make your carpets look just like brand new They'd run a couple of hours. They smell them any fresh those expensive area rugs you've got they'll be soil free vibrant and color and softer the touch as well So whether it's your carpeting your poultry leather furniture. It's time for dry concepts Don't forget to give your written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing the work If you have problems with pet orders or milled the voters caused by water damage They'll wait a little magic wand they'll make all that go away just like it is just like magic Call them toll free from anywhere 1-800-248-507-1 They are amazing the fantastic job they do for you 1-800-248-507-1 You can log up on their website if you're like and see about the great work they do for you dry concepts.com Dry concepts would then don't forget you can clean today and entertain tonight Will you do I am press box? Of course Premium my 60 W You They just increased us too high alert status Hope no one blows up my brand new dot stratists I've been arrested they gave us the news Hopping value with a big list of fools I keep the gas mask in my glove compartment I call Dreamx for a bomb group apartment Reinforce my front door with sender vlogs Wonder if that will keep on the small ponds Checking my mail for that deadly white powder stalking my covers with channels clampshouter Living on or chillers sure ain't no fun I think the terror is already a long I can't take it I won't make it if it goes to red I'll pull my covers off over my head and just take it back 47 and guess what I'm doing right now talking Three can take while I'm talking I'm mixing my tea bag in my splenda in my cup here You're pouring your bag in the cup 22nds have took it in microwave to heat up my cup of water get it boiling and during that break I was able to do that bring back my a crap into here and right now steaming hot Much too hot of course drink Did you ever see the thing about a boiling your water in a microwave? There's a thing how dangerous it is? No really see you're gonna learn something again on the show. It's not even noon yet. I know about eggs I never knew about this before either, but you if you like boiled like I just did a cup of water, okay, and take it out and put it down on the counter that thing can like just blow right up in your face Get out it can they they showed it demonstration of it Must be when water gets boiling to two or whatever the temperature isn't gets uh, yeah You can actually like explode into the air like scald you and blind you and all I just mentioned it and passing You don't have to listen to me or believe me, but I seen it Huh I Wasn't Mr. Wizard I done either he was fun I told clips of that and that I was a I'll miss your wizard was him He was weird when you thought I was meet the press didn't you have to me thousand Nickelodeon man. That was one of my favorite shows Was it start speaking English for Christ say? Everybody in town is talking about you Nickelodeon you talk about such a beiner man He's already and he was born here doesn't he? I'm a refugee he was power like a Cuban spiky touch like a beiner That's why Boca Brian made him sound like that. Well, George beaver speak Spanish. I mean come on Yeah, yeah, no, how how come right now? You sounded like perfect English there see he'd be just affects that. He's trying to paint it The the beiner audience make an a conscious at the beiner audience is busy picking grapes and lettuce down here in the sweet water Okay, where we're gonna later? They're done in our redlands picking out my guns and homestead. Yeah, picking their nose. That's a labor camp Or maybe maybe there's some people in their homes to just pick and up drugs They are okay. How's the pull coming? I rather croak this is gonna be regular feature on our poles I'd rather crawl see that's the easy part that's had to pull the more difficult part is put another stuff in it Plugin stuff in that's interesting. I'd rather croak than vote for George W. 211 I'd rather croak than vote for Hillary 97 than buy a Michael Jackson CD 56 than listen to Mo Howard David in 47 Well, hey, yeah, you remember once upon a time anything just as name we could we could do a pool no matter what you put on there He would be to win her. I I I have slipped Small potatoes now, baby. They just don't even care about you anymore It's one thing to be hated another thing to it is for them to be indifferent Plenty stated rather croak than watch another my Tyson fight and 12 rather croak than drive a mouse thing A little boy's car I went to free on this door's in Miami. Yeah, you go away, please, and don't fast me anymore He's our app. Okay talk about chronic didn't want you to get me around to his way I think and he's gonna keep well, what about that like he's doing a debate on the facts machine. Don't get a life asshole go pick some beans At least he's out there. Yeah, he's out there. All right, let's go out there Jane says the idiots are goose stepping along that guy just down was good one before him was the moron Sorry about your dog Iran is suing the US in a world court for swimming a solid chemical weapons to Iraq wonder for him Spare will be tried as a worker Good boy Jane good point. They have weapons a master structure and they get a deep-limiter pro and of course Well, we sold him to him Don't confuse this with a fact. Okay. They're dangerous. They're evil doors They're they gas their own people. Yeah, but we went and shook their hands after they did that. Yeah, but see again don't confuse this You copy pickle little bastard you fight right that too By the way, do you read that the book yet? What about the tags? No, not about the facts by the fact. Oh, that book. No, that's a great book I'm grateful. So why don't you try by the word in your copy? I think I'll be alone my copy. Oh, well, blinded by the right by David Brock And then equally important to read what liberal media The truth about bias in the news by Eric Alterman Both available at five books. There's a river Amazon dot com etc You know some of your read it you go. Maybe I'll go get the clips notes and then have somebody read that to me What is he too hot to bring you on careful? It is good. I have it explode on you This is ain't too much all you can say all day is All day all day Oh, so that's a T-bag Yeah, that's because I grabbed somebody's the T-bag And I'm going to do do do do do All day Anyway, anyway, you were saying you ran a roller with one good call. Oh Absolutely here on the day. You know because I would like to come back tomorrow. David. Hello. Hello He's a Yeah, hi George Neil I love you showed yours you do a great job too when you're Yeah, okay, you know for this nothing is schmoozing I Neil, you know you were talking about people dying for Jesus all of pick one, you know, and yeah, and now it looks like it's gonna be for Exxon, Texico, and You know like they were telling how we're deal. Yeah, it's all about the oil man What what's pushes family fortune is an oil and they're gouging us right now at the gas pumps And they're gonna keep on gouging us until they get to where they say hey public In favor of us doing this an allower to gas prices Everybody's got their thing Kennedy was a joke Kennedy was the booze, you know, the booge But I mean it's just it's they built this up like it's some big deal and they're keeping Pickin our pocket every day and it's buddies are getting rich right now. That's right on gouging us and I mean It's how come how come he isn't held accountable for anything? I have no how long will the mask me to continue Because we're not like you out there voice in your opinion on the airways It's all the rush limbo's and all those Smiths that get all the assholes I can get the billboards and stuff and you're a voice in the wilderness, but I'm your listener man Thank you and sorry about your door. Thanks. You take care man. I see what why would the mask media say anything about them? They're owned by the mask media and vice versa. They're one in the same. I beg your pardon All the right wing big business giant conglomerates. They own all the the media But it isn't only right wing. It's all all the media. They're intimidated just just like the thing with religion It's the same thing They want to make sure that they adopt only politically correct put up positions They don't want to rock to vote too far and as a result, they see what we got. Pabla And so once in a while you get a show like on front line, which is on public and now you understand by the right wing There's wanted to get rid of public television. They wanted to cut off the funding sure because it's a bunch of animals out there A bunch of intellectual liberals we are terrified of them because they're gonna go on and tell you the truth Because they don't have to worry about you know whether McDonald's vice spots on minute or not even though they do they do have to sell spots now to stay alive Absolutely, but for a long time they didn't have any spots on PBS No, they have a cell so don't have any viewers That's beside the viewers like you Right, hey when they do that big a thong thing. I just need to do that to survive, but I hate it Although at least sometimes they put something good under in the begginings. Yeah, but by the time you see the good thing It's on If you're in a distraction with a shameless begging and if you're only donate $50,000 will give you a whole bunch of crap and will send you a bunch of garbage and You know No, nobody is free TV you have to put up with commercials or you have to pay for cable or you have to endure a begginings Let me tell you the answer. Uh-huh. Okay. All right. The answer is Pay TV for everything all right All right And you want to watch a ball game for example a Specific telecast if you want to watch the penguins and a flyers and you want to hear Mike Lang do the game from Pittsburgh Fox But you pay like 50 cent right how about coin operated TVs like they have it if you want to see a movie you pay 50 cents or a buck I have to stop watching TV Good One is it'll do for the slippers of America You can't from men does you can stand over it to circuit city or somewhere. Yeah, you can stand outside the window and look in And Just have to scream at the gathered remote control right you could pretend to be buying a channel you asshole At the second or third day they make it. Yeah, I want to see we runs in K Pasi USA Well, you know you're right the tea really do wonders for me. I wish I would have thought about this I wish you would have suggested much more. I'm sorry You're how much better I sound now absolutely like the T a sensational here baby or some asshole say Forb tea who Ferb I've never heard people talk about for real. Yeah. Yeah, I've heard there's so many more odds And somebody's gonna call and say you don't need a little right it can be pronounced either either way Or you know what take the herbs and stick them up your ass The Chinese befaiser pop up all over the place you want to know why because I'm a close with so successful There are a lot of imitators out there with things that they can make a fortune to putting up some facade putting up a song in the dance and saying Hey, we're great. Well, guess what the other ones are not so great. I've seen your selection and believe me Not even close. Emerald coast gives you a sea of fresh delicious incredible food not just Oriental food But they got dozens and dozens of mothwag of moth watering on trace of all kinds of it's so mothwagding I can't even say it. They're growing a center with sensationalist sizzling Asian grill with teriyaki steak chicken shrimp seafood a handcar primary cooked to your order. You get it just the way you like it in the food too The emacospa phase also got a full salad bar sushi and fresh room cocktail But you must leave room for dessert if you can they got pies cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh food as well A perfect ending to an amazing not just a meal, but a pig out and a good news is for you now There are three locations of the astonishingly breathtaking Emerald coast You'll find them in sunrise pine island of 44th street They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd north Miami Beach and at the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke Road in prestigious Pembroke Pines and will coast accept reservations take on delivery available as well call 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 for the one and only the best in the universe Emerald coast Chinese buffet This is Pope John Paul and if he asked me the only thing more fun than playing Radass with the Swiss guy is the Neil Rogers 12 to one hour This ain't a song about a happy couple Since we got very my wife's weight double That is like a tree and she's got a picture first of its own That the panic covers the bush It's my wife I know she's back cause She got more chance than China does Yes she sits on the out water by It's my wife What she sits around the house Really sits around the out-fueled day Yes she sits on the out water by Yes my wife Yeah men to pass new and George J. Rodriguez show for Neil Hi there Gordon and Boca says we already have casualties for service men killed early day in the crash of a black clock helicopter in Kuwait How about the ones who are more than who died in Afghanistan after we stopped the bombing and we still have all kinds of episodes because there's still being snacked all over the country over there We're done there right we got there We've never all the talk about what we're gonna walk out of here again like we did the right time mission to come right right Sure Anyway, yeah, we're saying nothing I just thought that you know everything was done before you start another war you make sure that the previous one is completed No, so that you can shift troops from one place to another without overextending yourself No, I'm sorry 560560 and data-browered lots of open lines all of a sudden for some reason found 560s They heard you were on AT&T wireless sign well, what can I do? 8777856345 is the toll-free everywhere else line like the lady in Pompano Beach is using right now Hello, lady in Pompano Beach Good morning Well, I said it's like an afternoon Afternoon I would like to know if Neil could do he has a bit on bridge tenders Hey Neil could you do your bit on bridge tenders? No No, he says no I'm a bridge tender and everybody's been saying Neil got the greatest thing on bridge Are you ever heard it? I've never heard it Everybody else was heard it and I've never heard it Okay, it's coming up in a few minutes Excellent, thanks a lot You're all great day, we'll make an exception for her case Wow, a real bridge tender I don't think we ever actually spoken to a bridge tender have we? I love that spot that hank those for North Bay village Yeah, do you hear it before? Yeah We talked about some of his favorite days with the days he spent Now of course he doesn't mention WOD because that's no No, not being good I ain't going to play I'm plus you got candor by boy gear you screwed him over But I don't think that he we did have all those in your book Of course he's probably talking about way back when A lot of think he worked their way back when when Larry King was there Who's just a naughty? I don't really come on he was doing the the dolphins games One did he come on there. That's a good question It is a good question Can Maldon would know we're last can happen I worked for the FNGBS right and then he was worked for be resolverstein the advertising agents I was either before you went to IOD No, okay, no because Rick we were was still there right and sunny Right and then they brought in hank to do the night time don't you remember that? But was he already doing the game? Well, no, it was not well, what was on at night when I first went to IOD That's a good question What the fuck was that for? It was our club and eventually but that wasn't what was on when you first went But boy they sure had a lot of problems putting something on at night. I don't know what was on at night Oh, see? Like the old stand how can you forget it was stand? No, yeah, you're off your rocker. I was doing part time when I had to board up that show with stand Right and major stand freaking major no We're doing nights and IOD was doing nights on IOD. I board off it It's not some drug induced hazem going through you're crazy. I don't know if that was before after dick, but never the last after your dick He was on there right after sports talk. I shot you not You got your I mean too much bad weed is bad. Somebody you're gonna be a government of it. Hey, I'm telling you. Oh, I get a lot get out of here, Goldie I don't I don't recall the only time I remember him being there. He did some fillings. Maybe that's what you're talking about I got him maybe I would go home and then when Mr. Ego went off to New York for his very short live experiment That we obviously for about five minutes before they got on it was fully contrived act and keep his ass out So then they put him on in the afternoon very briefly well, what what's kind of candy bar? What's your favorite candy bar? Yeah, and then the thing about the watch what kind of watch you and no key word out. You get off your deaf and call you know Good vial call Yeah, that was fun to those evening shows and it's all your fault by the way. I never really bitched you out in person For all the crank calls that I had to endure as the board up for the dick feral show The dickie sparkle show all the veggies zombies that you know all the the Nealies would call and just just Mourad that show and says it late making my life a nightmare. So thanks a lot Excellent and now you know where he is he's on WPBR and Palm Beach trying to um with silence is he still trying to sell that hair So stuff that you put on your scalp to make your hair grow. I don't know that really crazy red-haired bitch I don't know but if it doesn't work, Mr. Ego's got about 75 different body part improvements for you here's plantation hello Hey, what's up Neil? Yes, sir. Hello Hey, to her the news about John Ashcrofties, they're going after all the paraphernalia. You're closing down Yeah, we had it on before this house. I think I would show you guys boy my finger was twitching. Yeah, that's a guy with the eye definitely my maybe we had the story on before So My baby Chess hello. Hey, hey, let me ask me that can you a little question Go ahead. I'm gonna probably disagree. You're probably hanging up on me That's what we're out to best You're right and by the way since you're so young. Oh, I'm going to get this item and he's a brutal dictator Yeah, I don't we go get fiddle first. He's a lot closer by the way. I mentioned this one's before I think during the yeah Well, we talked about that nobody have a talk about trying to practicing democracy out. I missed that story. I sleep through it Well shut up. Oh We brought that I think I was just gonna have my TNM in squares of my right and I'll shut up. Yeah The Castro thing nobody wants to talk about that. He had nooks there did we have you inspectors? Do we have you inspectors now making sure that he died any how do we know that all those nooks were sent back to Russia? Do we did we have you to bait or a silly sound like that? He's holding the bait and he's holding your clown what I'm addressing like money anything. He doesn't even exist. He doesn't even exist. I know and he's got no Earl Port London. I'm talking about the car. Oh, yeah, hello, oh talking about your comments. Yeah, what underdance Yeah Yeah For my six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T line. This is pathetic This is Vermont yes, sir morning Afternoon yep Tell me mostly people in America don't seem to have the ability and I'm mostly surprised with George Bush being from Yale and all as It's a real rock inside this area. Yeah, apparently didn't take a history lessons this should've been going on all throughout American history Yeah, well, I'd native Americans Mexican Spanish Philippines You mentioned Vietnam. I mean come on and now we got this clown getting into office Saying he doesn't even park him back to that you know if America's successful Gritty but say it's that the reason don't say we're going to war because I want to revenge my daddy. They try to kill him Yeah Now we want to we want our free policy is that the weapons and mass destruction is dangerous or is it? We want regime change so the Iraqi people the who are the courageous Iraqi people can really have freedom Yeah, which which one is it that the peddling this week? Well, I'll tell you what about two weeks ago I had dinner with the X CEO of the Penzel Equipration Just so you know and He told me I and he's been laid off because they merged with shell. Thanks, do you know it's thick fat Uh Jaren C. 30 million dollars for the next 10 years great. Yeah He told me square to the puts Look Everyone that works for Bush everyone in that administration is an oil crony of his daddy right And there's no That's like conglies or her background was with a Chevron Corporation every single one of those people is an oil person and that's where they're in Tristar Industrialized corporate America like I said also be where the military industrial establishment said never forget it Oh, scary did you happen to see the interview with? What does man? Peep Howard's in Little while ago probably last week Howard's in talking about what the teach America's kids About history and then they put some screws from Harvard on there as well Oh, it's scary Scary these new initiatives Bush is starting Forget about sit on those things forget about Iran Iraq he's talking about teaching our kids Possibly the things going wrong in America are not really going wrong That the American leaders are right. They're justified in their actions Well, it's your hip boots on man sounds like you're good time to start practicing Oh, it's my own kids Look back at this mark look back at the German history Okay, look back at the clock and let's see it's time to go have a great day You need to press and we don't have a single call on a board now What will there there's a market for this deal yeah, there is not a market for squat okay Is not a mind the thing I talked about to be at none that should have right there from that moment forward These phones should have been smoking off the hook But you know something that old crap about while people don't learn from history are doomed to repeat it Nobody learns from history. It's just a cell For filling prophecy it's like a song chasing its tail keeps going around and I almost make you want to pay peri comon round and round You know, oh my we could But we won't like Roby said We're doomed. I'd rather croaked and vote for George W. Bush 244 people said that I 503 Almost 50% 40 and half percent Vote for a Hillary hundred eight people said they'd rather croaked in vote for that bitch 58 people said they'd rather croaked in biomarkled Jackson CD 55 rather croaked in listen to more how he'd David it What was that was powerful you know what that was like from from the another of regions from your voice from way down In my back home that was good Effective that would have come out the other end it might have been really dangerous phone rattling rather croaked in listen to more how he David at 55 Then watch another my Tyson fight 22 and rather croaked and drive a Mustang 16 people would taste We don't want to be driving a little pansy car like our freaking Mustang and speaking of driving again here it is on the very Ultra right wing New York post on Rupert and our Murdoch's favorite the price of our gonna cancel it in New York has top the $2 dollar gallon mark And the faithful uptick to 204 is only a harbindger the brutal nation might price spike that industry experts expect Just the beginning 2014 for premium by the way good thing I think we think we're gonna break the record of an average national average price pump of 171 accounts at mid-maze that Dave passed yellow a federal energy administration information analyst In the big apple where gas prices are almost higher than the rest of the nation drivers may spend the summer looking back at The current $2 price tag with bitter longing If we go to war against the rackets be a close of the summer driving season gas stations all around the city can at that figure and go beyond Said rubber sinfare juniors books in for the automobile club of New York and There you go But don't hold anybody accountable for this and don't anybody explained to us even though we don't have any shortage of oil at the moment At the moment, but they're anticipating You know what I mean? I know you mean it's like it's like if these citrus farmers anticipate that next winter right we might have a bad freeze Next winter you know like December January Hmm and so I dissipated that it starts cost like $2 an orange got a start store in those nuts up exactly you got to look ahead, baby A lot of people keep trying to save diets over and over again and I thought is a lot of times something a work for your once and your brain Kind of outsmarts itself you're right and you can never go back and do it again if you haven't tried balance for life You have nothing to lose but all of that weight There's no cooking no shopping no cleaning nori is just great results like the beast is getting his loss to over 50 pounds I guarantee we've saved that punks life And once his head starts drinking normal size and I we're really doing a good job form They deliver your little black sack to your door by 6 a.m. no matter where you are every morning whether you're at work Whether you're at home whether you're at the massage parlor three gourmame meals and two delicious snacks are right in your black sack It's all prepared for you. It's all fresh and delicious There are chicken dishes and beef and turkey all kinds of good stuff omits and for tadas and you name it Nothing prefabricated nothing frozen and they let you pick between two choices for each one of the meals every day That's trying to program that's the only choice you'll have to make they do all the figuring for you based on the zone diet So luck I said the food for the entire day is a new you have to worry about buying anything else and the weight just pours off your body So let balance for life help you lose the weight to real delicious way call nine five four 5 6 8 32 29. They'll give you all the sales nine five four five six eight 30 29 or check them out of the web and balance for life Come in no time at all you can look better than the lovely beast So what was that going on last break that I lose the audio vault kind of did a mini crash Really and so without caught up to take the MIT cup back in the room because I finished my tea and I like all of a sudden turn around and Then I thought that will be one here the bridge ten. Yes, sir. Yes About why the boat we can talk about alien about one We're talking about bridges over the causeway not the ones in your mouth I don't have any my friend okay, yeah, I don't have any No well it is all the water way if I knew that I wouldn't have been asking See what that I said if I knew the answer the question I wouldn't have asked it in the first place Okay, well, I'm saying That the United States Corps of Engineers are the ones that regulate bridges over navigable waterways over one Yes, sir, okay, okay, yeah, so it's up to them to decide what time the bridges should not be open to the marine traffic Yes, and what time should they not be open to marine traffic, sir? I'm telling you the thing come up with the times. Well, what it what is the time? I Believe it's at wish hour times sir That they are not open to marine traffic another map. They are open to marine traffic So in other words any slip with a boat can come along and back up traffic for two hours Absolutely correct. Well, what kind of a communist bunch of crap is that? Sounds like some kind of an end of thought that this honey pickle I Be a one boat right exactly I think that 50,000 cars I stopped for one jack as in his boat. I think that's what they ought to do Thank you better know your law Smith because you sure don't that's right I suppose you want the damn bridges closed To book traffic and hurricane too. I want the bridges closed period Okay, I want them closed. I want the bridge ten to go home and watch your MTV and get the hell out of our lives I want those bridges closed. Let them use the junta total, okay Let them use the car to cross the water I think the oliglor the George Washington bridge and jump all of her stenders. How do you like that sir? Well, I don't know about you but you sound like some stupid idiot You're being very difficult with me this morning Absolutely correct And it could go on and on why not funny past no I'm better remember that instead of that Start that I took like almost to the right in the middle of the room when I heard that pause And I thought what the hell is that little speak to a now car He was he had to play a different break in switch the breaks because that would crap down. I'll be damned Here's why says you're hello So what are you doing now? Okay, I'm sorry to hear about your dog Thank you. Have you ever checked out that pen and tell us show I'm out on show time? No, but somebody facts me the list of times that they're right here. I got to listen I was I happened to stumble upon it. I thought it was going to be like a magic thing or something But they did bunk half the myths that I did they're feeding the public This past week was about the second hand smoke rap Uh-huh, but there's never been a legitimate study of scientific study that proves any other crap And they're running around telling people are 53,000 people dying per year And they also expose the baby industry from all these parenting videos and crap You know like that they even have these four men and a parenting group with this lady And she said that in an order like to become one with your baby You know she showed how ridiculous it was these men were putting on the pens It was hilarious just so that you could come and touch with your baby But you baby could relate to you and you could relate to your baby Thursday night 10 30 a bullshmett the end of the world That episode's on exactly. It's a great show I'm sorry. Okay, thanks. Thank you. It was good. I thought that whole show Which one into the world? No, the one that he was just talking about That part is a second like a mouth baby. Yeah And this creationism Self-helpless Yes, pay Feng shool bottle water. Fun Shui What is it? I could just print it so small can't read it. Fun Shui Fun? Fun? Where is it Mr. Feng? No, it's spelled here F-E-N-G. That's how he's developed it if pronounced Feng Shui Trust no. It is? Yeah, what is that? It's the art of decorating a courting two some sort of eastern something rather Fun with an F-E-N-G to create balance and harmony inside your living space So that well fine flow of your house and uninsulated I'll be sure I'm off that long ago That was good. Was it? Yeah, it was the one on the Psychics the one that they did with John Edward and that other fake are why are they both Fags by the way why are all the your craft psychic meeting I'm in that region as you know and the northern and southern no fly zones why if you ever seen him with Heinrich Kimmer never seen Rumsfeld and Heinrich Kimmer together That's what all those good levels like Papu Cannon and Bob Novak warn me about this Have you read these chain hocks? You just reminded me of a great bumper sticker It'd be really big and what's palm especially. Yeah, don't blame me. I go to Furby Cannon Oh, yeah, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh I always comes back to Florida everything that's going on in the world today We can trace right back to that November 2000 election and by the way in retrospect Yeah Could that could that have been as bad If you can I don't know for you. I don't think for me, but anyhow He's a changed man somehow don't get too creative way. I do like that show And he yes, I do find he's much more moderate and reasonable and he's vehemently against this war right and against this so holy It was happening with the economy by the way to market for that kind of call the other right. I'm going to be too happy where are our archery The Dow is down 112 points. They're in a break now. So I don't know like one at a time and then as next down 25 points and as that's under 13 I'm good Pub 97 it'll come up when we get there. Go to the bunny and there goes your money And once they strive to start dropping a bomb, they're going to see I love that guy that call me that day for financial advice that that was I mean, I know his intentions were good I mean that was just incredible. Well, you learned from your mistakes, so you could probably tell him that they would be calling Hitler for advice how to cater a bar mitzvah banquet I mean there was just you know not good talking with guys that's gone to the cleaners. Thanks to Mitch Hirsch Thanks a lot Mitch you jackass. Another good reason not to go to a path to game is having to see Mitch Hirsch on that scoreboard if they stop showing him up there But you need a lot more people in there. They show his face. He had it. Yeah, him and his partner there his partner in crime Ken whatever's name is You think a collar too or my gonna like it about why I didn't know if you were gonna take the break but certainly we can take a call That's right. No, no, let's take the break. I didn't see what time it was. I haven't such a good time here And now during the break I can go make another cup of see good idea 1225 on 560 WQA. Carlos. I know Thank you baby Don't you bother me while I'm in here. I thought it's Mickey Mouse. Oh, Mr. Mouse good morning. How are you? What the hell are you doing to me? Nothing sir. You're freaking killing me. No, not I got David Kelly calling me every three minutes. Why did we move the process? Sir, you told me to move the bride and tell you when you want some misunderstanding No sir, you said move the practice to Monday. Hey listen up white on the ball. I'm excited to say he's you take the heat right you all both the practice Okay, are we doing what anyway? Hold on We're right Yeah, well shot the hell up. I'm on the phone, we must find this. Yes, sir. What was your question? I'm telling you I'm going crazy over here between David Kelly and not Michael Jackson calling me every three minutes I'm gonna go out of my freaking mind Hold on Hey Hey Stop it I'm sorry Stop I'm sorry I'm sorry If once this is my hand cream, that's your beat is both my other hand cream That's a phone ball Right, I can't hear anything We may stop flying the floor Sorry I'm sure the moves are working out very well The practice is four minutes times What? And move it's time for us We're even beating the WB Fairly Oh my god Michael Jackson thing was a raining success Oh, but hold on a second Reveal Vegetable What's our hellie doing with a harmonica We're gonna play a rhythm I'll jam that thing down your clothes And get that blue bird away from me Oh, come on, bro I'm allergic Eyes are Sir, over 25 million people saw Call that bisoner Listen You see me what I'm doing here Sir, you're on the phone I know I'm on the phone You see what I'm doing You sure have an explanation for quite a while I know we might hands up and down fly design I'm the puppet master I swear You do it Now box is gonna air all the stuff that you cut out Michael Jackson interview But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff To make a more like a thing I got the stuff that's not that's not that's not that's not that's not that's not me Get it Oh Reveal Yes, yeah What's our hellie doing now Make sure to blow those It's nothing wrong with a floor remiss What's this in my ear That your penis was my other ear remiss Oh That's the phone That's the phone We must get out Go over to work Get out I just heard Telling me Telling me I'm sorry sir Telling me Sorry Telling me Softly From 32 So anyway, these facts as you sent me Yeah, first of all Mark and Miami just relax The allutacrist thing from Mary Jackson's comment Talking about Had nothing to do with any of our shows Which is even more ludicrous And how we're divided and the mad dog Oh right, that amazing I think he says I'd be with that All the words Oh, no Number two Let's see Here's what it says Just a note to QA And one of the many listeners to be a writers Please keep it up in the link too Why see like I don't understand It's a facts Where does he think this goes And he it comes to us Andy, okay Anyway, yesterday you spoke of electronic based war protest Do you have any info on this event? Yes, I do Andy In fact, we ought to have this on our website, Carlos Coming soon Today Antibor groups planning Phone campaign to overwhelmed White House and Congress tomorrow Organize the virtual Maritime Washington Are calling on supporters to call a facts or email Senators and White House during business hours Tomorrow, Wednesday the 26th The group also showed a TV at feature What we've seen that with Martin Sheen Mm-hmm Now let's see, I'm looking for the We're hoping there will be thousands and thousands of phone calls Do they have a site these people like with phone calls I'm going to give that out Alright, I just relax I just do the opportunity a lot of the weather But you're like, you know, I prevent really I'm not dodging old fool and just relax You're going to win without war It's a coalition more than 30 organizations Supposed to over the rack Including the National Council of Churches National Organization for Women and WACP and the CR club And on the net, win without war can be found at www.winwithout warus.org Win without war is at us or us Well, take a pic Okay, win without war us or us.org Got it Carlos? He's got it, he's on top of it So we'll put that on there, we'll put a link to it Right on our website, Chinway, front and center Okay, I need to watch us.com Also a fact that says Neil Ike was the most Waterweight representative all time, great general Europe V-Day Two NASA over a rolling those who wanted military control of space programs Three Interstate Highway System, he led the Love the German Autobahn Four internationalists in statesman into the Korean war and said The peoples of the world want peace so badly And eventually their leaders will have to get out of the way and let them have it Proposed open skies where US and Soviet Union could make regular flights over each other's territory To help keep the peace And in this farewell speech as somebody before said, the quantum conco quo points out Warning of the growing power of the military industrial complex Oh, I can hear well speech Beware the military industrial complex you said because they are the evil doers Don't we have a split about them? About what, defense contractor? I don't know, do we? Yeah, we do. That was a call defense contractor It's called sitting on defense The karaoke brand here are the lyric you eat with it, sir. Thank you for that. I am funding to fans' concert record. Upstanding, fristion, or grateful. I am a Korean-ears-thinking bass-curve. Here's books looking forward to a war. Another book was what I must get. I only can serve with my bottom line. Let's start a war and start the last game. I'm so happy to have you. If I can interrupt, Rumsdale just talked about the very close partnership we have with South Korea and Japan. Is that the same South Korea where the new Prime Minister just told us to get our troops out of there? Get out of the 38,000 Americans. Now finally, with Rumsdale working for us. Now we can build a SDI. You're high-amma-figure the tense-conspiracy goals. I am not mobbing just just. I'm a member of the United States. But when I am home, I'm a new best. That I always wear a dress. With that line in here. I like getting your Hoover's. Yeah, I have a snap-out dress. We don't hope that's it, by the way. How old is it? Right at the beginning of the El President say his presidency. Well, goes to show you. Psychic. Must have been some psychic powers there of the ball-tired one. That spoke a brine in the ball-tired one. We referred to the 70-to-five, 60-on-a-jur-jur-dred-rig-ish-show-pile-bombs. Mad Dogga won, 80K for the Humphor-3, because Hank finally wise up. Take an election time off to get his throat healed up and get back in the shape. Maybe lose an answer to, please. Please. Perkwood, warm-up at 7. You haven't been feeling over a wildcat, 7-30. The big, oh! Let's see, I've 10-to-clock in your mark overnight. 2-6. Don't let me interrupt you from all of you. Oh, okay, no, here's homestead, hello. Oh? Yeah? Hello? Hello, turn that radio off. George? Yes. Is it a radio's off? Okay, why don't you know where that echo is coming from? That was somebody talking to me. All right. Who's answering the phone? No. No. Whoever's answering the phone, man, like two times, they'll hang up on you. No, no, no, I'm not. You guys are paying me. No, no, no, we're not. This is matter fact. No, no, no, no, no, no. He's paying us. That's probably why they're doing such a good job. All right. But, uh, but, uh, hey, by the way, George, the last time, I mean, one was the last time we went to war with somebody for all of you. Honestly, we aren't going to... Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. What was the last time? Yeah, we were going to let the first time. And the Gulf War, and they were saying the same thing, no, going to war, no, but far. We didn't go on there taking anybody's oil. Mm-hmm. Right, wrong. We didn't take anybody's oil. We were going there and, uh, we were going to the rescue of some people who were going there. You know, they were protecting the other world countries like Kuwait and Saudi Arabia do you know, they might have been part of it. We were doing business with. Yeah. Yeah, but this is the same thing here. I mean, if you don't think we're going to war, because this guy has a chance of giving biological and chemical agents to terrorists, which he does. He does have that capability of doing it. Yeah, I mean, I'm just... Who does it? Who does it? Who does it? I could give Draino to a rank head. What? I said, have a great time. Yeah, really sad, really stupid and sad. And you know what? Like an old woman's show. It's like the pig lie like the Nazis said. If you keep saying it loud enough and light them up. Oh, chemicals. First of all, in the beginning, it had nothing to do with biological or chemical weapons. Right. In the beginning, it was regime change. And he's a brutal murderous dictator. He gasped his own people and enacted and worked too well. So now it's weapons of mass destruction and chemical and biological weapons. We can be out of yati. What he could get. What's everybody in there, brother, by the way. In fact, who's still... Who is still producing and violation of all the international treaties, by the way? Who's still producing chemical and biological weapons? Is there a little USA? Well, he's just doing about this. One thing about this administration, one of the first things they did when I came to office, all those treaties that we ever signed, yet, forget about it. You know, nothing. They don't have a new deal. Not if the R's new deal. We got our own new deal. We got the raw deal. We're more than righteous. We don't have to live by those deals. Right? You just wait till a USA Patriot Act part two gets into the... Then you won't be opening up a big mouth, Mr. I'll say that right now. You either... Oh, wait, you're gonna say handed him. Hand it to right. I don't care. Nice until one. A Canadian radio, 560 WQA. Bush! Fuck! There's a little woman! Oh, no! All right, guys. Knock it off. Yeah! Hey, hey! You big fat crook! Guys, that's not nice at all, no. I'm not really gonna cry. I'm gonna call your parents as what I'm gonna do. Let's face it. Being a house husband is hard enough. Without having to worry about the laundry. And thanks to new simply clean wood bleach, I don't have to worry. Simply clean gets out all the tough things like... ...grastings, coffee, piss, the piss... ...this chart, piss, piss... ...dry it on, piss, like on this t-shirt. So, when my wife gets home, my laundry will score an A-plus. I'm in a home. Well, there he is now. New simply clean wood bleach. Get up the f*** dirt. So anyway, speaking of that, USA Today reports natural gas and heating oil prices surge. No. Natural gas and heating oil futures extended their blistering rally into a second day today hitting record highs on forecast of bitter cold lasting in the March and rapidly declining supplies. The development's point to likely increases and already bloated home heating bills. Residential heating oil prices are about 50% from a year ago when the average winter heating oil bill was 642 to bus energy department says bills might approach a grand this winter. Well, natural gas prices are not as easy to track consumers were reporting similar jumps before this week's rise. Higher natural gas and heating oil prices will cut more to consumer budgets. Say, gym Williams of WTRG economics and energy consultant. If you're old enough to remember it's time to bring out that sweater that Jimmy Carter used to wear while encouraging us to turn our thermostats down. I remember that. When we were being held hostage, we not only had the hostages in a ran. But the entire country is being held hostage for OIL. I remember people freezing. The increased heating cost which in proper fact higher demand during an especially cold winter in many parts of the USA drag act as a drag on the economy. First mention that. We had started in the right. Remember all those old people that were freezing to death because they were afraid they were going to be able to pay what? That's right. I sure do. Just end there be more than this year. Right. It's compassionate of conservatives a man. Just like we had with Jimmy Carter, compassionate of companions stupidity. I say 560670560 and date and rowered pound 563 of rise and wireless. Here's West Palm, hello. Yeah. How are you doing? Great. You got to go back to I think we're the soft thirties. And I thought about it and I said, today we allowed George Bush to get in there and the way he was selected. Yeah. And then he was selected by his the Supreme Court buddies. That's right. The way he's right. When that afternoon was over, I said it's over and Americans just sat still. No big deal. Two weeks after he got in, people seemed to get all prices were about $1. And two weeks after he went in, they went to $1.35. No one said anything. Right. You know? And then I said, was Clinton, was the whole weapon's mass destruction thing. Clinton took our 95% of his stuff to look through his passions. No one dies. Right. You know? And then I said, if we take, if we look at everything, who has weapons of mass destruction? We do. We have smart blocks. We have the answer, and our labs. You know? And like I said, you know, the way people were about Michael Jackson and all this crap. Right. Michael Jackson and Joe Medianirman at America for you. While we have Michael Jackson and Joe Millianir lead a pro-text and say, no war, I better look at, you know, you're talking, there's the best idea of the year. You know, what, you know, Michael, you know, Michael, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, good idea. Yeah. I'm sure easy, thank you. Good to be called Other Problems. There's a facts from George condolences on tiny's passing. The most common. Re-election question should be. Assed. Now. Couldn't we diswriting? No. Are we any safer? Are we more secure? Are we economically stronger? Are we freer than when George W is elected? No. No. All of these things. All we have. 2,000 trees right we have a sharp drop in lava lava yet everything will be better than What about grande will have an oil pump in your house After the war and by the way there's no charge to view the big mushroom cloud Fort Myers alone Hello, hey, hi, I was watching One of Fox's right wing knuckle dragers last night Oh It looks like Nathan Lane by the way, but but some insults and Nathan Lane Anyway, he had that Congressman Shazan from the 60 minutes piece and he happened to mention Do you think it'd be a good idea to use tactical nuclear weapons if they're gas and he just said You know absolutely not it I mean, he was almost shocked by the question, but it's it's this Hannity who's just so angry and violent and With you know with the talks with anybody that disagrees with anything. Yeah, I mean any Roger else is you know Conservative people that are on your shows, I mean it just mouthpieces ahead of them. I journalist and that's right You know, I know if you told him that's why that's why I would program that thing right off your set I would program it out as I was watching this morning. He had the Geneva Rufflow and had one of the The Fox and friends and it was just violent I mean he he can't get one in word in I mean if you're not right wing or conservative on those Morning shows he doesn't have you on there and that's obvious You know from the program that he has Mm-hmm. That's all I'd all spin all day don't forget all day Have a great day. How about that? I kind of like kind of like one of those the washing machines that won't go out I'll spin all day just keeps going around and around But this one only tells to the right so I heard we were going to use tactless nuclear weaponry Did you hear what rum spell said before no I think the most Pointy thing was when he said yeah, what was that? What was why? Thought I said they would probably leave Sodom thing. You know, we couldn't have that Sodom had the interview with Dan rather even though this is certainly not news I was afraid the drop had been corrupted. No. Oh, we wouldn't do that That's a special only America's been corrupted now until one on five sixty w q a m n and Or figuring it out. I'm gonna get an exit. Oh, you want this How are David's a bitch? I was standing there one day Not thinking I would die from being able to make I should ever keep I Guess I should have known what to expect living in Miami Which the kind of Yeah, I Why can't you imagine Why can't you lose us get it right? You I had to get done. I had to get done. Oi! 1257 at 560WQ and thanks to George for doing most of the show today. Oh, it was nothing. It was like, I wasn't even doing it. Literally. Small groups often skirt pyro-technic rules. We do have this on a website, only. But it did be not. I just didn't put on it. Let's take it on bands, because it's really, it's almost comical if there weren't so many people died in God injury, right? But to watch the scoring about, between the club owner and the rock band, the Great White, and everybody else involved. Oh no, we, uh, I know not. We didn't know about it. In Rhode Island, this is Massachusetts, power techniques such as those that constantly blaze at the station must be set up by a technician licensed by the state that person or company usually handles the paperwork as well. Filing for a permit with a local fire department that instrain the far worse for inspectors and modify the displays local authorities require. The process, however, is easily avoided by bands that simply don't hire licensed technicians and have their own stage hands set up the power techniques. In some cases, club owners are willing to look the other way, while this is occurring those in the industry say they're willing to look the other way. If a band doesn't come forward, they believe they do a behind our back, nobody tells us we have no way of knowing, so Captain William Metavelody, far-for-rights in division of the Worst or Fire Department, they move on to the next town the next night. Rave Tyler, guitar player for the now-to-funk 11 cries at the band routinely, used power techniques including at the station but never hired a licensed technician. A stage hands set up the power techniques each time he said, to his knowledge no permit was ever applied for either. Now look into the bed for the owners, you know what? And that's how we figured it. We'll look the other way. Yeah. And then of course, we've got all these people, OG, how can you have a stage without power techniques? Uh, excuse me, excuse me. Excuse me, think inside a wooden frame building with no sprinkler system and the foam rubber and saline. Right. Exactly. That's soaked in carousine. I'll tell you what, maybe we can have the band come and do the show and you're living or what would be good. And set off a little power techniques display and see how that works first before we try to get into a wood frame building with no sprinkler system and foam my insulation. Alright, just, yeah. What's the use you feel weak? You want to just get on a floor and make guttable sounds. Like that. Like the shot world. And so as we saw, I can understand my most people about, you know, they want to escape. And I released from all these horrible things. There you go. So, excuse me, for bringing up the fact that we brought 58,000 Americans did from Vietnam. Oh, absolutely nothing. And those people who are opposed to it, those people who open up a mouth, those people had the balls to protest. Those people who defected and came up here to Canada when any other guy did in place. Communist. Same kind of crap. Communist sympathizers, cowards, pinkos, all the other. All of these things. And then we're going through the same thing again. Because there are a few people enough intelligence to see two all of this bullcraft and see that this was orchestrated long before 9-11 ever. If we were going after the people that were involved with 9-11 planning it and involved them in any way, shape or form, I'd be right there. Hallelujah. I'd be out there waving the American flag of the streets up here. We already did that. Let's go get him. Let's go. Didn't we do that already? Yeah. So, do you have a DVD player up there? No, I do not. I can go by one. For just 80 million electronics, there is all over our young street. Just curious, because I was going to buy and send you the born on the 4th of July DVD. Since the topical right now. And since I've already got the Howdy Duties here at DVD from Boca Brian, you do? Yeah, he sent me that as a birthday gift. So, howdy Duties want. Well, howdy you do the like that. I do the pretty good. Maybe tomorrow I'll be duty and even better. Bye bye. Bye bye. I'm the weather show. I'm 5602A. I'm 4MR. I've got a little poke in the ass about 8 o'clock this morning.