Yeah, yeah, and what just happened? I don't know. Oh, you know what happened here while we were talking? What's it that? Oh no. You didn't know you two could have that music one. The air audition thing on the DCS? Damn it. I'll be there. I hate what those things are. It happens. It burns my ass. It's somehow got like a... Quite a big music extra long, I'm certain. Oh that's good. I'll be there. All the white folks hate the black folks. And the black folks hate the white folks. To hate all but the right folks. Isn't all this established rule but you're in the national brother to eat. National brother to eat. Lean on horn and sheriff Clark are dancing cheek to cheeky. Fun to fuel a jies, but people you despise as long as you don't let them in your school. Oh the poor folks hate the rich folks. And the rich folks hate the poor folks. All of my folks hate all your folks. It's American as Apple Pie but you're in. National brother to eat. National brother to eat. New Yorkers love the Puerto Rican's cause it's very chic. Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand. You can tolerate him if you try. All the Protestants hate the Catholics and the Catholics hate the Protestants. And the Hindus hate the Muslims and everybody hates the Jews butter. National brother to eat. National brother to eat. National everyone smile at. One and another who'd weak be. Nice to people who are inferior to you. It's only for a week so have no fear. Big, grateful light. It doesn't last all year. National three for that kind of the semi-defectious today about. Thank goodness we don't give the time on a show 9.03 at 5.60 WQA. I just don't know. Now he made me conscious about it. Don't you feel a little self-conscious? No. I don't. I mean, it's the way the police did it. We got a pretty good response on that. The only problem in the George's pissed off and fired up about the result. Yeah. Well, the most bizarre movie ever seen Pulp fiction went by a landslide. But we'll get to that in a second. South Korea before he get into a big panic today. I know everybody's on edge. Of course, the purple alert. And South Korea, it was in nutcase. It's a nut job. It's purple. It'll miss all those people that died on the subway. And that fire he walked under with a milk carton full of flambul. And lit it on fire. But anyway, it was not a terrorist act, so calm down, please. Also the thing in Chicago. A lot of the crap going on, you know what? Yeah. Chicago Club was told to close second floor. According to where Chicago official but. But the owner says is a turning disputes to charge day. A second floor facility was supposed to be closed according to the city. But the owner's attorney says an agreement reached an October between the club called E2 and the city allowed it to operate as long as the loudspeaker on the roadside of the building rain closed. So there's a big cop talks about that, is there try to find the skick-goat? And who's responsible for these? Why do they keep calling the stampede? Isn't that kind of an unusual term to apply to people? But nevertheless, yeah. What would you call it? I don't know. Stampede, I guess. Okay. So there's a couple of people who are responsible to answer. Twenty-one people did. And that was another thing speaking to people being edgy. They thought because a couple of their friends haven't really got sick and were like passing out inside their club. Right. It's a good assume that they assumed that it was poison gay. Right. Because we're all getting, uh, where would they get that I learned? I don't know. Maybe from the official government or some, uh, panic man. I don't know. And so they all started hitting for the exits because they wanted to get out of his fastest. They could and escape the poison gas. They're in a first place and a whole bunch of people die. Speaking of that, Japanese tourists arrested with gas canister and grill at mine earport. Now, what could we possibly have a call on there already? That never happens on this show. I just noticed out of the corner of my eye. Fort Lauderdale. Hey, are you doing new? Okay, sir. All right. It's good to have you back. Yes, it is. Oh, yeah. George did a okay job and so on. Who would need to have me back? I'd been back for other than being out sick with my stroke for a couple of days. But I've been back for a while now. Sorry, it's not even here about that. No, no, I'm talking about that. Just before you stroke. I was listening to you. How come I told you was I think it was on a Wednesday? Yeah. Yeah. And then you were out of it. What time? It was in the morning. It was like maybe, or 942 30? 999. 917. I think I felt. Yeah. Anyway, what's that? What's doing? I was, um, jealous. I've been last night, right? You know, I'm away, um, driving somewhere. And I'm having to catch up a limb off. And I was just one last night. Oh, no, it was early evening. Big around three o'clock. Oh, I'm just going to get a fly. It's a good thing I do give the time because for people like you, they're a little bit confused. Early evening, early evening is three o'clock. Oh, no, I'm just, um, trying to get high. I could just break on one. I see. Well, what did I ask have to say that the screwed your mind up so bad? I just want to see. I just want to hear him, um, try to blame this on, um, label it and blame it on somebody else. They're going. They'll smell it. They'll smell it. Why it's strike. That was going on. I'm so touched and that's. The world lights strike? No, the protest and that's the only one. Yeah. And, um, sure enough, he'd unable to label it and label it and label it. I'm a bit gross. Yeah. Well, don't make that mistake again and get a new phone and take it. That was great. And the watch would be good. And the watch would be excellent. And like a compass and a roadmap would be excellent too. It was listening on his way to somewhere last night. The Lard asked, and then it turned out it was like, no early in the evening. Like the past year. Well, it's not even in Europe. Maybe it's only me, but I find that most amuse out. Firstly, since the call is from South Florida, the land of the lost, sir, don't take it personally because you're a wonderful guy. But you're just a little bit confused and lost. You've hit right in. Anyway, a Japanese tourist was arrested after carrying a canister gasoline in a barbecue grill through Miami International Airport Poli said. Atsushi Ishiguro 45 was charged with creating a potential safety hazard Friday and a violation of airport security directors Poli said. This is from the Boston Herald website. How come it took so long to get this on there? I just found this this morning. Does this happen on Friday? Yeah. He was released on a $1,000 bail on Monday, while I see yesterday. Ishiguro was traveling on American Eagle Airlines from Jamaica to the Bahamas when airport security stopped him on a layover in Miami during a security screening authorities questioned Ishiguro about the liquid in his 11 ounce metal canister. He told him it was gasoline. He told me it had a little gas in his canister. Ishiguro was taken into custody when he refused to give up the canister. Two boxes of matches and a barbecue grill were also found in his possession. Sounds logical to me, don't it? Sure, of course. You're going to have a barbecue grill. You got to have some gassin and some matches. Authorities became more suspicious after examining Ishiguro's passport, which included stamps from Somalia, Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Ethiopia, Zimbabwe and Pakistan. Oh my God. The FBI and the INS are reviewing this case. They'd be investing right now. I'd be like that. Here's the results he has today's poll. At least as of, as of when I printed this out a couple minutes ago, if it's not right up to date, too bad. The most bizarre movie you've ever seen, blue velvet wins hands down. In fact, now it's up to 80 votes. I can see that. Oh, point my eye. Huh? You said blue velvet. What did I say? Blue velvet. I said, Paul fiction. You said blue velvet. Oh, Paul fiction had 80 votes. And blue velvet was seconder 47. I don't, I don't buy that. But hey, listen, we asked their opinion. I mean, if was just there, we wouldn't need to take these polls. You know what? That's their opinion. Paul fiction. Number two, of course, was Catty Shack. I mean, blue velvet. Well, Catty Shack anytime you do a movie, pull Catty Shack shows up because it's the QAM audience. That's their thing is Catty Shack. There, there, there, there, there. It was a funny movie. You know, I don't think I'd want to see it again. Do you? No. No. I've seen it more than once. I've seen it one of the halftimes. Right. It was funny. It was okay. It was amusing. It was slimy. It was the bird in the pool. I mean, the right. Turned the pole. Right. I don't need to really see it again. Anyway, blue velvet had 47. Mohal and Drive 35. That's one of inspired me to that pool. Thank you very much. 35. Oh, son, or not bad. Rocky, who are picture show 34? Being John Malkovich, 33. 2001 is space Odyssey 33. National board killers had 32. Am I going to have to go to an on this whole list? Yeah. Okay. 31 for 12 trained monkeys. 12 monkeys. What is 12 monkeys? Did I see that time? You don't want to see it. It's got Bruce Willis at it. Oh. I think I just had a relived travel and a train. But that's her brain fart. When you said Bruce Willis, oh, I get the willies when I hear his name. Ice wide shot 31. E-racerhead 31. Sure, a loading in Las Vegas 26 Brazil 26. The null sky 25. Memento 23. Fight Club 22 magnolia 22. The Blair Witch Project 21. Pinkleming goes 20. Caligula 18. The wall A.S. 16. Barberella 16. With the henaway Jane. So he couldn't get by the way. What? She looked good in that movie Jane found it. Damn good. Apocalypse now 15 lost highway 13 pie. Oh, there's a bunch with 11. The movie I was thinking of yesterday that I mentioned it was Pim or Pim. Pim. The image. Yeah. That was a strain. That was bizarre. That's a bit unlispen Nobody saw it. Where this young guy falls in in that not falls in love. It becomes obsessed with his mannequin. And he like talks to it and then he starts killing people. Anyway, pie and Mulan Rouge adventures of Bucca Rubansack across the eighth. So whatever, then they could lunch. I'll head 11. 10 votes for Al Artificial Intelligence. AI. What I call Al. Looks like Al on here. Video Drome had 10. Twin Peaks at eight. That was on again. I started on the sci-fi channel on the screen channel. Was it? Didn't watch it. Oh. Any more than I watched Joe Manina. By the way, we're not going to be talking about Joe Manina. Oh, oh. I'm going to talk about Joe Manina in that very marginal guy that really nasty bitch. I don't forget about it. We're not going to talk about it. Unless you want to talk about it. Oh, yeah. No, the Carlos S. No, no. I'm saying, Helen. Had a plan nine from out of space eight. Altered States, dogma. Requiem for a dream. Right. See if there's a refer madness on here. Who made that mistake? Carlos. He was at a ball refer. R E F E R refer madness. The true strifer's episode of motels. Truman show Barton think they'll head seven six votes for a satiricon. The swimmer freaks. Five for THX 1138. Tommy the rock opera five slaughterhouse five had five. How appropriate. Revoland had five. Terran a tiny town had four. Three votes for its alive. How it dolls. El Tupo. A pair for Providence once upon a time in America. The hours one vote for after hours. Cografini had one rabbit had one bucket of robons. I had one. Why have you pardon? What? Isn't that a repeat? Looks like it. I see. Sorry. Price of mill crash blood symbol and a forbidden zone. A dead last tie was done. Out of eight hundred and fifty some votes. None. See this is what fuzmed me. People call these in because they don't pick their favorite. Whatever were to pull is about. They pick their favorite fifty. You know. And then we put them all down. And then we have ones that get the big. Oh, which I find. Don't you find that embarrassing? Right. They must have a phone but not a computer. Is that what it is? No, I'm just making that up. It's possible. Not everybody's got a computer right there. See you live in this internet world where you think everybody's got a computer. I bet you we got at least three four people out there don't have one. And a computer too. Why don't you think? No, I don't think. Well, look at that nine thirteen already at five sixty WCM. There's another time check for it. That kind of it's very upset about the fact that we do this radio thing. Given the time we don't give it the temperature though. Well, we ought to like on rock radio. We do the time and temp. Correct temperature. It says here is M. Look at that. They just made a mistake on city pulses. It's M degrees. Wasn't that for a vicious that I just did that. I checked for the temperature. To part of that. I think it's like about minus minus four Celsius by twenty six twenty four whatever. How are they going to be all the way up to twenty eight today close to forty tomorrow. Oh, my god. Shocking. Anyway, if you're still sleeping on the same crappy old map as you've been sleeping on for a long time. If it's lumpy and bumpy in your mattress too, then change the way you feel everything by Stepping on a great mattress from dollar mattress. The guarantee is super nice. Looks like I've been getting for years now because every time I need new mattress I call one eight hundred mattress one eight hundred M.A.T.T.R.A.S. and they deliver right to my door and take away the crappy old one a brand new name brand mattress. None be able price. They got silly. Service Simmons King Quill every size and style exactly the mattress you want is in stock ready for a nearly immediate delivery. If you need an exchange, you can do so anytime within their 30 day coverage change period with no hassles at all. And like I've told you for a long time now delivery is on parallel. You've picked today seven days a week in the tour window when it's convenient for you and guess what? They'll be there to take away the crappy old bedding instead of the brand new one for you for free. That's right. Dollar my presets up the new and takes away the old crappy bedding for free. So make the call right now. You can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight. Call one eight hundred mattress. One eight hundred M.A.T.T.R.A.S. for dollar my Christmas gift. Now I'm at Christmas the answer for a perfect night's sleep. Fly and local. You're sports radio five sixty-two eight. You a yeah. Go be. I thought they'll lie. The big from driving season is here and just in time for the most carefree season of them all. Triple A records is proud to introduce the best of drivers cursing. You moron. What the f*** you know. Here's the seating that lets you enjoy. All the fun of listening to drivers as they attempt to drive from point A to point B while yelling up sanity. I'm not going to f*** you. Now you don't have to wait till you're behind the wheel to hear the sweet sounds of obscenities and vulgarities. You'll get cousin cuts like at the pump. Is that the f*** right for f***? Challenge? Exact change only mother f***. Exact change only mother f***. And this memorable paper. Yes, yes. I can't you f*** if you order now. You'll also get the bonus CD entitled, you promised it cursing for kids. This wearing collection the whole family can enjoy. Here's great cuts like. Here's a cracker you've met in farming court so girl. The best of drivers cursing. You've never heard anything so f*** funny. In the 1960s, I heard the ass-end of Mo show there this morning. He was sent to this kid this divector who died from heat stroke. The world's picture that he was taken pills with a fed ring. Right? Now I just printed out the latest, the very latest updated story from Sports Illustrated on this. And they still haven't done the autopsy. Broward County Medical Examiner Dr. Joshua Purper said a bottle of pills was found in Beckler's locker, but it was unclear if he had taken any of them or if they contributed to his death. The autopsy said would help determine that. Asked about reports that the pills were a supplement containing a fed ring. Pepper said he didn't know what type of pills they were saying they could be anything for medication to vitamins. Okay. I just mentioned that now. Maybe there was some other information there that they knew what morning showed you think. I don't think. Oh. Well that's good. That's probably just as well when you were from that place. Don't think too much. How you noticed that pause there in the last break before I hit the acute. Yes. Now you're going to hear a lot of those. You want to know why? Why is that? Because I'm just taking an easy next week. Oh. Well, by all means. Let's hear something. I don't want to feel stressed and press. You know, like, we're on the like air. I mean, it's got to be like real. You know, we don't need to do that. No, you should up. Maybe the delusion that up a little bit. I mean, the guy just had a stroke a week ago, son, and I mean, me for crying. I don't have to sit here like on the edge of my seat like working. You know, like on some real kind of a radio station. We're not on a real level. We're here at QA. I'm looking for a read. I mean, that's that in itself speaks volumes. Take it. Everybody seriously is they do. Very well said. I think George. That is an excellent view on a way we should do things from now on from this moment forward. We're going to take our jobs just as seriously. The whole, this whole business and whole QA. I'm experienced just as seriously as management. By. Yeah. Oh, yeah. That's where we got to go out for six hour lunch. I forgot about that. Let's all go to the sushi place. Yeah. I like to have a lunch that like, you know, looks back at you as Rick and so on. Good to that. I don't know how to tell up the coast. Anyway, I see there's a change in the schedule. I'm not touching that with your tongue. Okay. Tuesday, February, 18th, and look at the schedule. And I see a change on here that was just facts to me. And it looks very, very important. U.M.A. Providence basketball cancel last night for obvious reason because of the horrendous weather. And so it's going to be on tonight, but not on QA because we got to panties at the cut at the ends. So we got on waxy 790. Oh, my. Oh, my. Right. We got that game sometime. It didn't bother putting the, I guess, uh, 730. I'm assuming. Eh? Nobody cares anyway. No, no. I mean, you know, they put all this stuff on there like, you know, it's something to do clear once I guess it's something to keep you busy and make you look very program directorish. But nobody gives a crap. Oh, my. Oh, my. Waxy 790. Good. Golly Miss Molly. You know, how about a half an inch? Just know here at Toronto. I guess I would mention that, but just so you don't feel too bad for me. Not not too much. Still a little bit of few flakes out there, but warming up almost to, uh, uh, acceptable stages. Here's the appell for today, which we're going to put together again. Some people in the audience are going to say, oh, you're not doing a movie pull again. Today's an R.R. Yeah. Yeah. Why don't I? Really. It went over so while yesterday was phenomenal. Don't you think? Yeah. I don't know. I'm going to do a couple of bedtime stories and I also have the tabloids. For example, I've got a choice. What I'm going to do is like mix and match all the jacko stories. Like a jacko. Interspersed them with, uh, what? Oh, I'm just saying that they're all so good between the globe, the star and the Enquirer. And then, of course, Lisa Maria, I'm not to the least summary. Debbie Roe. It counts exclusively for globe readers. The innovative details of a marriage to the king of pop. Yeah. The boy's in his bed, her tragic miscarriage, and the mystery of the frozen placenta. Ooh. It's Mr. Truth be the truth behind the Peter Pan nose job and all of these things. So basically most of the stuff that was good in the tabloids was about Michael. I've re, I've discovered why there are so many people of cest with Michael Jackson again. And he's stories. You want me to wipe it off please, lay that on us. Because there's nothing to do with Iraq and the world. Oh, good point. Now, maybe I'm wrong. Maybe I'm just taking the easy way out like they've bits said to you that one day a month or two ago. Maybe it's a cop-out. But the fact of the matter is, I think there's a certain burnout factor if you catch my drift. Just a little bit of a burnout. Yeah. And they're also, they're dropping rumors. I think they're trying to lay it to us gently. That anytime of the next couple of days, the orange alert, which I know to see in it is finally dropped. MSNBC still has it on there. I don't know about foxes that I watched them. But the orange alert may be ruled back to yellow. So we don't have to be quite so hysterical anymore. And a lot of people are going to be really pissed off. You know, the people are going out there and bought the duck tape on this queen and this queen and that queen. They're going to be pissed off. Maybe they're going to take it back. Oh. I hope they put no refunds at home. People want all the crap that they sold to people. No refunds. I'll keep it for a cloudy day. For a mushroom cloudy day. I'd keep it handy. Just in case. I already like to cloudy day. Because come to fight out that some of the good part of the rationale that they got everybody all panicky about. Came out from a and unreliable al-Qaeda prisoner who lied. They give a lie. You take your test. They said, well. He lied. It's a bunch of bull crap. And what was this? Are you? Did you use facts this back to me? Oh, yeah. Thanks to back to you. I meant to fix it there. Run button. There you cross on gaslight. I saw that movie. We're gaslighting them. Yeah. He's faster me back to pull that I facts to him. The buttons are right next to each other. Yeah, sure. What was the most erotic movie? Not x-rated you ever seen. Not x-rated. Here's the list we have so far. Very short list. I'm sure the audience will come through with flying colors again today. And we don't want to have. What was the most erotic movie you've ever seen? Not x-rated. Not more than 50 most erotic movies. Not with a 245 most erotic movies you ever seen. Blue Lagoon. Yeah. I thought it was only me though. I'll put that down. But that was the first one you mentioned this morning. Sure. Last angle in Paris. In spite of Marlon Brando. And his girth. Paradise. Oh, Paradise. And who's going to vote for that? Mall Holland Drive. Which, uh, and I did you actually see the part of it where they had the dice scene and all the boobs and stuff? No, that's why I need to see it again. Oh, that goes on at great length by the wind ladder about the ladder third of the movie. You turn and summer lovers. Which you told me about that. I have no idea. Peter Gallagher in some Greek check. You're a hot thing. She'd eric. Yeah. Lot of olive oil. Shall we put this pull up right now? Oh, no, not right now. But wait. If you're going to start again to the end. Are you going to hear a lot of silence? I'm just going to sit down on a floor and I'm going to let you guys take care of been this till next break up. I'm serious. If you're going to start this juvenile crack that goes on between you and the other computer was whose name I won't bother mentioning today because I get to upset. If you're going to start up with this intro for eternal computer nerd bull crab, I don't want to be a party to it. I'll let you know when we put the pull up. Maybe it about a half hour after we had maybe it doesn't name or so. You got it. Got it. You got it. I think there's nothing wrong with that doing these movie pulls. Then we can do a music pull. There are a whole bunch of stuff. Anything. And then we accept Joe millionaire. Anything else to keep people away from all of this other stuff? Like I said, go on our website near rages.com. We got about 600 great paid times to reason today. Some of which will, and I got one or two that I actually will read. Like I did yesterday, I thought I did a masterful job if I say so myself. Of interspersing a couple like the Marine Dow column was pretty good. Yep. And the other one by that broad whose name I can't pronounce from the Pittsburgh Post Gazette. Pretty damn good. We interspersed a little here and little there. And Carlos will answer these phones eventually. We'll get this thing going and good time will be ahead by all with you. One two or not. See that's the one thing in South Florida. You're going to have a good time whether you want to or not. I can't say it with the first guy who was listening to Rush last evening. He started out was like last night and then it was yesterday evening and then it was like late in the afternoon and then it was like three o'clock. Actually there's probably about 1245. He's just a little bit confused and we can understand that. He's our trying times. 927 at 560 WQA. You know guys size makes a big humongous difference. The bigger it is the more impressive it is. And of course we're talking about your paycheck. According to the Florida Department of Labor. Computer professionals have really big impressive ones. According to the state of Florida computer careers are among the highest paid in the highest demand. And our friends at fast rank and up he would achieve that new high paying computer career in just four short months. So say goodbye to that did end job. Say goodbye to that three or four dollar an hour crap that you're taking on that paycheck every week or two weeks. The fast rank got locations all over town. So there's vitamin one nearby you. They're in candle Miami for waterdale and pepper pines. And with the evening weekend schedules there's absolutely no excuse to stay in a crappy job working for a schmuck. So pick up that phone and call fast train right now and find out how you can get started on a real job with some real cash. 1-8-6-6 fast train. That's 1-8-6 fast train. They got full time job placement and Guadanteed financing waiting for you to. You can check them out on the web at fast train.com or give them a call. There's no obligation they'll be happy to answer all your questions. 1-8-6-6 fast train. You can have a big impressive one now to a big paycheck. Thanks to our friends at fast train. I watched the pause George. Okay, bye. Bye. And local. This is 4-2-5-6. We're in two way. Fridge, paper, pizniacs. It's off on this new date show on television. Two minutes tonight for an all-who. Reason date. Say you're the new guy. Thank you. Uh, yeah. Let me tell you. The fluorescent light bouncing off these ceramic tiles. Sure do. Make your ass fart. Oh, uh. Thank you. Hey. Let me get that shower for you. You boy. God. Who? What reason are you? I can't keep you. That's tonight. On an all-new. Reason date. Gangry is funny. Okay. 9.32 at 5.60 WKOM. I should apologize to the Dwight Eisenhower fans out there. The I like I crowd. Was that? Because yesterday was president's day. I mentioned everybody except two Andrew Johnson and Ike. Oh, you wasn't got the all-mineck. I didn't call it get the all. One of my areas of expertise. I don't have too many harness racing drivers for 100 years ago. And president, I know those. Anything else for get about it. What about hot case X? A little bit. Okay. Most erotic movie. Uh, and see the right away they got two. Fatal attraction. Uh-huh. Don't look. Don't. Don't. I'm not anything on your just like yesterday. I give you that the fight club and you. And I got a bunch of votes. It's just a commentary. Not like we're not going to put it on or nothing. Fatal attraction. The reason it wasn't quite as sexual as it might have been is because Michael Douglas was in. And Glenn close. Don't get too close. Uh-huh. And two. Chocolate. Okay. Was that chocolate day? There's a line there. I don't know if that's an assenture. But just a chocolate. What is that one of this? Whatever. They know what it is. Yeah. What is it? It's something more than that. It's something more than that. No. They talk a lot. No. Okay. Great. Go out to a great start. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 60. I don't forget. I'll let you know where we're going to facts this to. What's his name up there? Arnerotic Webmaster. Okay. I'll take it up. Just don't start. Like I said, I'll let you know what we send the first batch up there. And then we'll get that on there. So we get some post started right away instead of like waiting until later on today. You do understand that not everybody has the ability to sit for on. Careful hours or like a later on in the day. You know, when it gets late in the afternoon, like about midnight. Oh, what about these things? You know, some taking a nice long pause here. That's take a breath. I am just a bit of a why to how should I like you said you hit it right on the nose. Why should we take it any more seriously than they do? And anybody that's watched Greg read in the way he's missile the separation the last five plus years. And in fact, even before I was thinking about it last night to show how to press. I am. Even before we ever before I ever started, you already been the flunky. They're the copy flunky. Yeah. The be forever starting. Who's playing the shenanigans? Well, tough calls to tell me you're like Greg had him called because the studio isn't going to be ready. Everybody's hammer 30th. This is like months and months and months and months after we signed the deal. Right. Oh, it's not going to be ready. And that was just the beginning. And of course there was also the other thing about part of my a paid that I had coming that they didn't want to pay that he had right me a personal check because it was too embarrassing because the beesleys didn't want to pay it. And that was just the beginning of a wonderful relationship, Greg. You just do the best. Here's for a lot of it. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. You're a product movie. I always go 9 and a half weeks. That's funny. You should say that because when we talked about this yesterday, George said for sure, 9 and a half weeks is going to be one of the first ones I'll call in. Absolutely. And the OV, a manual. The manual. That's good one. Which one there's been a hundred. I know that for the first one. Hi. But are you sure that wasn't that's rated? Some of the more. I don't believe it. Well, I know that half weeks was not an event. You know what I'm going to look at. Which is the manual that wasn't. How's that? How do you spell that? Two ends? Two ends? Two ends? Two ends, you well? EMM, you well. Something like who it had. I don't know. I'll get it. Yeah. Do the spell check. Because our neurotic web mice didn't like to make the spelling mistakes. Just relax, Eric. Okay. We just haven't some funny responses. Usually, just calm down. I think it's a rare route. Quick, isn't it? Grouchy Fet? Cow. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T. See, I'm just a matter of fact, I get a call yesterday from Duff in the middle of the afternoon. Unacceptable. I mean, I don't mind hearing from it. If he got something really important to tell me. He can call something really like major. You know, like the stations just blew up. Something like that. Heaven for a bit. See what I'm saying? Nobody's saying. Anything short of that for the next couple of weeks. I don't want to hear from anybody. Nobody seems to understand. And I don't want to like dwell on it because I feel pretty good. I sound great. Yeah. But other than that. Each day, after you have a stroke, each day, your brain on scale. See, your brain has to heal. Do you understand new pathways? Do you understand that there are cells that die? I have stroke. And your brain has to heal. And you have the feeling of like all this blood in the top of your head. What you do obviously have blood. But you feel it. You know? Right. And then each day, it gets a little progressively better and better. And like today, it's a lot better. And yesterday, when I thought like about 11 o'clock, I was just going to say, hey, I'll see you. But somehow I persevered. Now that would happen today, I just said, hey, I'll do a Greg read. Now just take a five hour lunch. So it's a nice guy and trying to do the right thing. He called and told me what he could have called me and told me this morning, which he did about the billboards this and better be better. But I'm about all this other stuff. Don't call me tough. Okay. And he's listening right now. He's doing his duty. Not that I don't like talking to your wonderful guy. You're a great American and Yaddi, Yaddi, but don't bug me. Okay. Leave me alone. If Yaddi wants to call, that's another story. Or if the neurotic webmaster, if you want to call, that's another story. Because at that point, I will have the phone disconnected. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I had to actually the previous call. It's called in my first one. I didn't have to. Okay. I think we ought to limit it to two. Do you think that's a good idea? Yeah. It looks a little bit too. Go ahead. Basic instincts. Okay. What's the one that I had? I didn't have a fix. I was the other one. I also want to let you know that Emmanuel wasn't that afraid. We'll be on fortunately. I will get crystal. Okay. I'll just cross it up. But my point, my fix, we're not in a half weeks. And basic instincts. Okay. Good ones. Thanks. Thank you. You're welcome. Man, you were like, cross down. It's that's rated. Yeah, that's not like one of those euro. It's an x-rated flick. We're not putting that's rated. First of all, you'll have Debbie does Dallas. And you'll have a C-more butts and C-more whatever. We don't want to, we're not going to put those on there. We are already done that stuff anyway. Didn't we? We did the favorite porno star. Must have been well I was out. Maybe it's like, I don't know. Maybe it was seven or eight years ago. Maybe it was on like another channel. Maybe it was another lifetime. I don't know. It seems like we did. Could have been one you weren't there because we didn't want to embarrass you with all that stuff. Right. 560570570. 560 on the AT. The most erotic movie you've ever seen. Not x-rated. In other words, the kind of a movie we'd like to sit real close to the screen and get a grip on life. I thought what I'm saying. We got a very emotional type of pop. I know. Right. Kind of like the old days watching the cartridge family. What are you laughing about? This is the laughing matter, Mr. It was either Susan Day or David Cassidy. I was going to say about that man yesterday. Robin was, they had to kill Basa in his tights yesterday. So you can actually see the label on. Here's Candle. Do you know the polisher on the camera? Yeah, that's it. He had another polisher. And another polisher when we honored him by putting that red and top of our polhopper digital, another polisher. The breathless wonder. What would he do if we weren't here every day? Must have made to somebody else I guess. I guess. Maybe he can tune into what's the early this evening like about midnight. 5605605. I have 60. I mean, see, I find those people amusing now. Oh yeah. I mean, it's amazing because lifeless is an understatement for them. I mean, less than no life. Here's Medley. Hello. Yeah, hello. I was going to say face to instinct, but I came up with another one while I was working. Grandma, we were Mickey work. Mickey worked. That's also funny because George B. for the show today was mentioning Mickey. Was that the movie we were talking about? I thought about nine and a half weeks. I've got a lot of friends there on the police force here that in confidentiality had told me how much of an asshole, princess. Thanks, Mickey. There's your buddy Mickey work. What's the movie again? Wildorkin. Wildorkin. Yeah, there's another one that was done in 1995, a Canadian movie about some girl that witnessed the murder and she worked at a surplot with something. Somebody could, I don't remember the name of it. You're not sure. What was it? What? Yeah, yeah. I have to put these in one of the good looking women in that. Okay. Let's join us. Facts are calling because this guy is a life-al-change if you do that. Yeah, absolutely. Thank you, sir. Have a great day. Bye-bye. Thank you so much. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T line the most erotic movie we've ever seen. Blue Lagoon last angle in Paris. Pera Dice. Don't we love Pera Dice? Well, Holland Drive, Summer Lovers, Fatal Attraction, Chocolate. Nine and a half weeks. Space against things in Wildorkin. Good start. Let's put that up there, Carlos. Cut you back. Cut you back. Did I? Well, that's enough to get started, isn't it? Yeah. Although the only problem is with that, see if, well, the ones who like one of those, they'll vote for it. I was going to say, if other ones come along later on, it can't change their vote. Right. So sometimes it's not a good idea to put it on too early until we have a much more substantial list. But that's okay. Put it up there anyway. It'll give what's his name something to do. 940, 1 at 560, WQM, if you ever been presented with an opportunity. When you should have, could have or would have done something, but you just didn't do it. You couldn't pull the old trigger. Well, there's an incredible fan of May mortgage rate. There are 3.45% in this rates available for you by calling financial group at 1-800-940-053-63. If you would have compared a 7% rate with 3.45%, it's save yourself 3,500 bucks in the first year loan for each hundred thousand dollars that you owe. A hundred thousand bucks cost you only $147 a month. Here's an opportunity that I guarantee won't last because this is a 40 year low. So if you've been thinking about refinancing, maybe buying a new home confidential group toll for you in a lesser audience questions and they'll explain to you how this works. Call 1-800-940-5363. The process is simple and the call cost you nothing. 1-800-940-080 financial group has been an equal housing letter to 1000-BUR was just like you with this fanty-may program. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change if you wait too long. 5.34 APR, confidential group in check this out today. 1-800-940-080-080-080. My life and look all this is for 205-64. I'm an addict and I lost nearly everything. Meet Steve, a ginko below but addict. What's worse is I remember every detail of nearly losing everything. Steve is not alone. I wanted to improve my memory. Not turn into some kind of freak like Ray-Man. But there is help for the millions of Americans like Steve at Ginko below but non. I hit rock bottom after it. 4-day ginko pinned. What I memorized the entire high-town you phobor. And Steve first heard of Ginko below but non. He remembered alcohol number and called immediately. In today, I'm proud to say that there's hope for other Ginko below. Like you and your parks, we 35-year crest court, 55-5743. And you, Sally Ferguson, 47-0. Thanks to Ginko below but non. Steve is completely good and you can be tuned. Just cause cold free. Steve, what was that number again? You want the main number? The faction number? The administrative or one of the 47-regional offices. Never mind. And just look us up in the yellow pages. Thanks 328. 946 and 560. But if you have ever taken that Ginko below but no, not lately. You forgot to huh? Yeah. Here's the fact it says the two hottest mainstream movies I've ever seen are the post-man always comes a rings twice. Would Jack Nicholson and Kathleen Turner hot sex on the kitchen table? Hopefully he's not involved in it. I guess he is. Yeah. And last year's unfaithful with Diane Lane and Richard Gear. Oh no, right. So we put those two on there. Okay. Well listen, what am I going to say about that? All right. There were those people who find some other people. And of course in this case they didn't care about who the guy was anyway. Don't you understand? Right. They couldn't give him a crab list. Now I do see something disturbing on my page here at Carlos. I don't want to start a tiff again. But I see the pull is up with those first five that we had on the original list. That's very good. That I'm his own. I haven't said him anything. Oh there's only one thing I'd like to say about our website. Okay. Yeah, that's it. That's my only comment. This is the brief editorial comment. In case you missed it, there was again. That's all I want to say. 560560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Another poll today on. No. Here's Lake Worth. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes? How are you? Okay. Now the damn paradise, Neil. Is it? Yes. Beautiful. I feel like it's paradise here. You're looking at the snow outside. Looks beautiful. Yeah, I wish I was up there with you. And if you're going to be all the way up to 28 today. Oh. Toasty. That's nice. How about two moon junctions? What is it? Two moon junctions. Two moon junctions. Two moon junctions. Two moon junctions. Two moon junctions. Two moon junctions. Oh two moon. I forget the actor's first name, but it's last name. It's Tyson. And I forget her name also in the movie. Is this what you Tyson? No. It's just like Tyson. Yeah. Okay. That's one. That's one. Do you have another one? What about the lake? What was that actually? Yes. Yes it was. Okay. That's all I got. Okay. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Don't be saying no cool moon. What are you saying? 560560. Well, you know, I'm way to hell up here all of the phone sound. Find me. I had said, but that would be the end of me now. Oh God. The squeaky head set. Can you imagine that even under the best circumstances when your head feels really good? There's nothing like really good head. And you got that head set on. Oh my god. It feels still like you've had your head one of those like a lung scan. You know, and one of those things where they like put the thing over your head and like block it up real tight. And it feels like they're going to squish your brains out of your head. Maybe that's what happened a greater long time ago, you know? Here's a call from Tamarack, hello. Neil? Yes sir. How are you doing? Great. I saw a movie way back in the 70s. I think it was Richard Hardy was body heat. Body heat. Body heat. Body heat. It was a hot movie. It steamed up my glass. William heard Kathleen Turner. It was pretty hot. Oh yeah, I remember that. That was pretty good. That was excellent. A long time ago, you're right. Okay. Good choice. Thank you. Thank you so much. This is back. This is the said that is a matter of fact. Did they really? Well, let me reach back here on my trusty facts. But she seems to work. I held a lot better than the one down there. It'll fall over. Let's see. Oh, this is a suggestion for another pull from Tom. What's most likely to happen? A terrorist attack and attack by a raccoon North Korea. Losing your health care coverage, retirement benefits or job or bush reducing the fronter bin and off defense budget by a few bin into feed the poor and hungry. A poor Tom, I guess Tom hasn't taken off of that ink over the lower or maybe too much. I'm not really sure. Here's one. It says out of sight with Jennifer Lopez. Oh, never saw it. Oh, correct them. Okay. Let's put him. We'll put him on there, sure. Why not? It's free. If they sound reasonable, that's right. The price is right. We can go up a list of maybe 200 on there today. We need to drive Carlos and Eric both crazy. Now why haven't you facts to anything yet? Did I just tell you the facts of what we got? Yeah. Did I tell him that his Carlos was emailing it to him? Oh, he's emailing. Oh, I hate that. I hate this emailing crap. That's why we get all screwed up. You know, call me old fashioned and I do a little bit of email. Although I know this line saying he'll say email. Let me last couple of days. I wonder if she's very net snowstorm in New York. You think? What's going on, Lynn? You asshole? And I just said that because she likes your asshole. Oh, here's a good one. Yeah. This is definitely a very kind of like tender way. The summer of 42 was a tender. Huh? I forgot it. I thought it long time ago. Get out of here with Jennifer O'Neill and Gary's Grime. Go to her degree. Grime? Get to see her cookies in that movie. Then they had the class of 44, which was the sequel, which is issued a crowd in the back, where they headed at the guy's the fraternity initiation. They had a tie to build it there. Long. Oh, God. And that's where that song came from. Bring my view and bring my bell. Remember that? Ding-dong. School. Summer of 42. Okay. That's on there. Got that? Who's right in these down? Carlos? I'm right. I'm down. We're verifying during the break. It's such a fun. You're verifying. You're verifying. Well, let's get this one right. Okay. Because the entire future of the human race is hinging on our pool. And we will not be talking about Joe Mayton. If you want to hear about Joe Mayton, turn on a loud ass when he comes on. This evening about midnight. Tracy says my one vote. And like you just said, body heat. Somebody must have had a psychic. He's still like a woman. And sounded like one too. Now she was more like Ted Turner right there. The whole suggestion best car chasing in a movie. Never mind it sucks. Tracy had a sudden she came back to her through a fast. Good choice. There Tracy. Thank you. Good choice. She suddenly came. Got her senses back. But we're building a nice place. There's summer 42. That was a very, you know, it was kind of like a stand by me. You know, the UFO. The sex exploration and the Gary Grimes and his boyfriend and a reading the sex books and her drawn pictures of body parts and whatever else. And then finally, uh, who, uh, husband was it or husband? Oh, I guess her husband was a hundred years. Because she got the telegram and her husband died in the award. And she gets the telegram and she's of course crying and just totally distraught and Gary Grimes comes in and she addresses him. And hops in the sack. And then of course he never sees her. The movie starts out and then at the end the narration of Gary Grimes is an adult. There are a few movies like that. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. Or it's like a flashback. I like Joe Grishton, you know? He's flashing back on his days in glory. By the way, Joey, uh, what do we do with Mercedes Joe? A lot of people have been wondering about. He left the Mercedes behind her. Five six, seven, five, sixty pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. If your roast for the man dog again today and once again we are sending along our condolences to the managed family. Jim's a damn past we were to weekend. So Joe was of the unforamand dog today. One to three. Hang Goldberg three to seven four four hours an hour today. I hope he's a training. I hope he lost an answer to. And then we got the Chicago Pantheon people with seven. A Panthers at the Montreal Canadian 737. To play the frogs. Eddie K. from GA after the hockey game. And Joe and Mark overnight who are really pissed off that they can't get their own website. So they're using some kind of temporary thing. Because clearance doesn't want them to have their own website because it might. It might take a couple of hits away from the QAM website. You know, the sports intensive website and since clearance is part of the evil sports for turn to be there, he don't want that to happen. And don't forget whatever you do, the UM Providence basketball game that was scheduled for last night but canceled because of that weather. That'll be on Waxi S799 whenever it'll house 77730 somewhere near. Which is a get that get that get. Got it got it. Pretty heavy duty schedule. And full agenda. Here's why. Me. Me. Hello. Okay. Love better. The original swept away. I know people probably confuse it with the Madonna one but I forget the name of the actress. But it was. Some Italian check. Well, we're out. Look it up for her. She was beautiful. And it was a very I thought it would be very erotic. Okay. Let me look it up for you. While he's looking that up here's a trivia thing. She's a very nice actress that was in Flash Gordon as one of the名 evil hench women. But you don't know who it is. What she's wearing like a thing over her head so you can't recognize it. Not like some Italian swept away by an unusual destiny in the blue sea of August. Travoltae da un in solito destino nelacuro marete algost de gusto. I'm sorry about that last thing there. August. A stirring. Uh. Giancarlo Gianni. Mariana Angela Milato. That's her. Oh yeah. That's her name. Don't know why could remember that. Mariana Angela who had big melonsana's big melons. The gay plants. Okay. Thank you sir. He got swept away. Got swept up in the emotion of it. You can almost hear it. 5.670560. I don't know what that movie is. What was it all about, just thing? Uh, it's the original. The one that they've made with Madonna but it's the original. She's rich and he's a slipper boat hand and they crash on this island and they wind up about fighting and then falling in love. I see. And heavy sex. I see a lot of it. A lot of sex on an island. There seems to be a lot of that. You know what? Yeah, I thought it was a bit of a paradise. It was kind of a rather two but it wasn't. Huh? It was not an erotic movie. The only thing I remember is the little kid peeing in the gargoyle. 9. 56. I'm just going to ignore anything that you say. You're such a romantic. You're so close to about that. What do your wife hates you like poison? When you really come down to what? She does. She likes poison. Okay. 9. 56. 56. She told me that at 5.60. I want to tell you something the beast has lost over 50 pounds. We are keeping this man alive. This creature. And if it's the last anything I do when away things are going it's just might be. Before the end of the year we're going to get him under 200 pounds. I think that's beyond I think it's possible. We got a year. It's only the middle of February. Okay, we can do it. I'm not saying he's got a year if he keeps going but he's doing his loss. like that. What's he 231? 233? Well, that's he we got definitely a shot. Just like Jimmy Johnson said we got a shot. And if that's what we have to do to get them under 200 pounds that's what we'll do. Anyway if you'd like to lose the way to not be sick and fat and believe me the two go hand in hand there's synonymous you can't be fat and healthy. And I don't want to mention the thing about Steve Beckler again to picture the diet you know what he was? That fat out of shape. I mean really fat. They showed some clips of him in spring training this morning on the news. He was a chubby boy. And he's out there in a heat and he gets heat prostration he had a body temperature of 108. And his organs were failing and the very sad. But fat makes you sick. Tried to take it for me. I know balance for life is not a gimmick. It works for you because they prepare all the food and they do it deliciously too. The best ingredients everything is fresh, no cooking, no shopping, no calorie counting, no carb counting. You don't have to figure out the zone diet they do it for you. The only choices you have to make are between two choices for each meal every day that you're in a program. This and you a menu you pick out what you want. And they deliver it right to you. And your little black sack every morning is right there at your door. By 6 an a.m. 3 gourmet meals, two delicious snacks to help you get to the entire day. There's plenty of food. And they keep you full all day long. And the weight just pours off your body the delicious way. So instead of being sick and diabetic and fat and grotesque looking, lose that weight with balance for life the easy way. Call 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 9 5 4 5 6 8 39. And I guarantee as soon as you put the phone back in a cradle you're looking better than the beast already or check out their website at balanceforlife.com. Oh, we're fine. If we have no wildlife with us on a rack. Oh, oh, oh. If we think that someone's is the palm of a rack. Are you sure? So to help with the inspection, let's put up for the selection. Close your mind and take the wrenches on a rack. Call the wrenches on a rack. Four of my exceeds are four of his palm a rack. This agree will call the trees and let's make more that love to see. And even if we have no reason, we're rack. And we will 10 or one at five 60 W to Q a and we will just like the guys says in the bagpipe thing, it will billy it will. I let it. And we will anyway body of evidence somebody facts in here spelled evidence come on get with it. I know it's an anonymous when you send the facts is what we will trace it back to you and put your name on here. It's color right. Body of evidence. What do you say? Don't know about it. So well, I put it on there. If you don't know, then don't leave it to the judgment of our astup audience. Okay, who get aroused at almost anything. There's still reading this here's catalog. Some of them. And we got the first boats up in here, which is always very exciting. You know what? Yeah. And I think you had your thumb right on it yesterday when you said nine and a half weeks. I thought it was going to be boarding. You said yesterday when I mentioned the possibility of doing this pull today about the most erotic moving you said that's what they're going to be voting. I don't remember. Yeah, today. Yeah, have you taken your ginkgo below? I'm taking your super got to take it again. Chinkgo below. But what was the most erotic movie not x-rated? You've ever seen nine and a half weeks has got six. I mean, these are just very early as smattering because this is one up there. Eric just got it up. Faddle attraction appear last angle and Paris appear. The postman always raised twice one, Lula Goon one. What I was mind. Sorry. A basic instinct one body he won and some are lovers one. And that's it so far. A long way to go. You know what? A lot of votes to count. They late returns will come in and maybe I don't know. You think, what's the big deal with that in a half weeks? See, it would be erotic. I can basing your naked. It would be erotic if it weren't for Mickey, you'd work in there. Oh, see he nullified. He worked was in there. No, I didn't. Soly with his greasy hair and oh my god, you have to be shmitting me. The work, myster. He might be listening right now by the big fan of the show. He loves to hate this show. Like poison. All right, we haven't heard about him in a long time. I don't come from a place with somebody says, my god, I'm going to walk away. I'll take. I don't know. Maybe you're from the different planet. Yeah, we could be from a different planet. That's hope so. 567.0560. Pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Hope you feel it better. Thanks. First of correction, it was Jessica Lang with Nickel Senate, the postman, all rings twice, not Kathleen Turner. Okay. And then I have two and they're both Ellen Barkin movies. One is Steve Love. And the other one, I don't recall the name of it. It came out a couple years ago. She plays a detective and she investigates a murder that involves a club of so what, it was me in club and she kind of gets drawn into it. Really? Yeah. Both are a good movie. Somebody will know that one. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. Okay. See you're of love. One of my favorite songs by Phil Phillips and then the Honeydripers remade it would share with pointless. Why did they do that to make money? The money, money, the money, the money, the money, the money, the money, when the song is read done that never should have been read done in the fair. In fact, that would be a good poll. Right. That would be an excellent poll. What was what song was remade that never should have been made in the first place? I mean, there's some way to word that. I'm not saying I'm going to do that to my own. I know what you mean. You know what I mean? Sure. In fact, I like to impose when the audience can't exactly figure out what we mean because then they really get all screwed up. See of love with Ellen, I look like she took a bad hit to the face barking. Really? Oh, God. Maybe that's how this line of remade for mouth or mouth is crooked. Yeah. Not to mention the rest of her face, which is also crooked. And so that's pretty erotic to me. Yeah. Erotic. Five six seven. Five six deep pound five six the only AT&T line. It's just changing for the first time over here. Let's take a look. Nine and a half weeks is got eight body heat for the two moon, moon, junction three. Unfatful three and then the Mahalndraves got a pair of blue lagoon's got to somebody else out there enjoyed blue lagoon. Of course they probably enjoyed Brooke, uh, sheels and her body at double. Well, that's right. She had a stunt double there because she refused to be taken on a cross. Oh, poor little brook in that substance. She didn't pretty baby. This is the same 14 year while she was 14 years old. She was doing those Levi's dad's whatever they were slapping her ass on a thing on a cheeks. Yeah, but you didn't see nipple. God forbid. So, Brooke Shield and Chris Atkins, no forget about him. I did mention before the show to George that last night I saw about five minutes of a movie called if it's Tuesday, it must be Belgium. Never thought heard of that movie, but did anybody ever actually see it? Now, nobody ever saw it. So I saw part of it last night. It was about these American tourists to run a tour bus and they visit a whole bunch of different European countries in like 16 days or something and they spent a couple of days in Holland and Amsterdam and a couple of days in Belgium, etc. And a cameo a person at movie by the lovely Luke Halpin who played the Sandion Flipper when he was just a little punk when he was flipping it. And here was the Luke Halpin had a little cameo and there were about three four minutes. It was about I would let's see 1969. He would have been about what George. Yes, can they? But I just did jokes. Just a little bit of all of the time because just a joke probably about 20 years old looked really good. Could have used an extra meal or two there. I know if I had been Amsterdam at the time I'd have fed him a couple of extra meals, but nevertheless Luke Halpin looking pretty good. We love you Luke even though you're old now and kind of a star-post. Ever since that morning we called him live on Zeta on the earth. But he he, he booked up a little bit. He came up preacher. Do you know that? No, I didn't. He came up preacher or some kind of a born-again guy. Goi. 5670560, pound 560 on the 18. Now we'll say this. Oh wait a minute. There's a return to the blue lagoon. Yes. A ha ha. A yellow jobile bitch and I don't know who the guy is. Yeah, the guy sure is a hell a lot better looking in Chris Atkins ever dreamed. I had a much more ample penis all the way to the sun. Oh yeah. But hey listen, it just had to be. You know, return to the blue lagoon. It would have just got on there. I'm writing it on there. Right. Do I want it on there? Are you crazy? I don't know. I might have to change my vote. Because I'm sure because Paradise was really aims and be case. BB case. BB case. The bird was a big fan of BB case because and I think BB King too. Because he said she was boys and boys and I think the boys part is what he was attracted to most. 5670560 pound 560 on a return to the blue lagoon. It should be noted that Miller actually does share her nipples with us in that movie unlike Brooke. I see. Well that was the real Miller. Okay. Of course to broke that. Chrisie has broke. She was too busy hanging out with Michael Jackson. Oh. Oh. Well wasn't that wasn't yes. I think even before Little bit. Well maybe not before because Liz was always there. But Brooke Shields was a fan of the kid right there inside. Yeah. Well, you're in the kid and bubbles. Oh. Good God. Oh, I was dating Michael. Yes, he started talking like him too. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. When is this? Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. What about the movie monster ball with Hollybear? What was it monster ball with Hollybear? Monster balls. Monster ball. Monster ball. Hollybear. Billy Bumpthorne. I understand that there's hot sex in there and you actually get to see his monster ball. Monster ball. I didn't know Hollybear had monster balls. Maybe that's why she's having all that problem with the on the tabloids. But the guy's seven. Does this one good sex needed a movie making a new right movie even the movies 90 right. All the stuff. You started out of your choice. That's the point. Whatever it is, it turns you on. Okay. Whatever cranks your chain. However desperate you are at the moment. What's the most erotic movie you've ever seen? And the answer is Monster balls. No, but what was Carlos just going to say what are you? Are we? I guess you must have seen that movie. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah, because there's only one one really hot scene in it and the rest is has is not he right. I could all it's well this guy that just on he liked it. Okay. He said it was a three hanky job. All right. So just leave him alone. Okay. Most erotic new or the rabbi says angel heart. I think that's certainly qualifies don't it? Sure. The rabbi. Shame on you. He's going to make with the Lord. It's his again. Or he's another the solitude with Molly Ivins. That's pretty interesting. You were talking to Scott Chapin again? Huh? But what does that mean? I don't know. Richard. Factuses where you're talking to Scott Chapin again? Feel better. It's the OIC about having the stroke because the first one you remember that? No. The first stroke I had at IOD was right on the heels of that asshole Scott Chapin. Making a big shot of that because of the fact that I was talking about I played that thing on the ear that Bill Carter taped at Bill head of that something from IOD from years ago where when Yuri was on air and Henry Burrow and Bill and they were all ripping each other whatever from some Christmas party or something. I feel cost and was on here. Remember that? What was before my time but I remember the stories. And I think that's what precipitated that interpret display by Scott Chapin whose voices hurry on virtually every television station from coast to coast he's making more money than all of us put together. But nevertheless he's an asshole. Okay. And came in and just got me hysterical about that and a lot of people are going to have their theories here as if we carry on in show with the paintings. You know, he was kind of like the low. I didn't pretend he didn't get it and again underlining pretending he didn't get it. Another train monkey. Yeah, right exactly. Very well putmo. And by the way, if I have to I can't deal with it anymore. Here in about Tiger Boys, maybe it's just bad luck or maybe maybe he's monitoring. Maybe he knows what time I come sawtering in here in the morning crawling in here in the studio and cranked up the pot. Every time open up the pot he's talking about Tiger Woods and Ernie Ells and all that's going to be so wonderful to see and Tiger Woods. And then he wanted that thing about the effort dream with the picture and I'll say it again both CNN and the sports illustrated the very latest articles say they didn't know what was in the Bible could have been vitamins. It could have been some of that stuff they don't know they have to do the autopsy first. Of course you know worry about accuracy if you heard that show. No, not gonna happen. It's something he's not concerned about and if you don't believe me just listen. How about the movie personal best during burial Hemingway where she plays a lesbian Olympic athlete? Merial Hemingway doing lesbianism is the erotic. That's great. I saw it. Personal best. Okay. Are you writing these down Carlos? Yeah. George is writing them down. Oh look we got a horse race ball. Good. How about buddy double? Was that a lot? You know what? I think that was erotic. It sure did have some parts in it. Sure because he was looking for his body. Oh seriously. No you're right. Good. Buddy got all about it. Put that on your body double. Leave it to me. I remember that vividly. I saw it about six, seven times. It was cute. What was the most it was cute? Yeah, this is how the good plot you could dance to it. What was the most erotic movie not x-rated you ever seen is our poll today. We're doing another poll just to piss off that guy to get forever upset about polls. That's because he wants to add on one. Her real bad. 9.5 weeks 13. Body heat 10. Fatal attraction 7 on faithful 6. Two moon junction. Five. Sherlan Fentful frontal by the way is why they're voting for that. Cockamone junction. Blue Lagoon 4. Last angle in Paris 4. Basic instinct 3. Last end then we got the twos in ones and something like that. Look at that. My 100 drives only got 164 votes so far to the polls have been up to minutes. So hop on it. We're all these other faster. Anyway, we would Johnny Depp and I'm pleased that it was. Well, we'll see you in a moment that you call erotic. I don't know. I have no idea. I have no idea. I was just a man. I'm afraid that's the problem with him. He never looks like he should. Like good. Ed Wood, he dressed in drag. That's erotic. Did he pop wood and Ed Wood? Huh? I'm asking. Nadine says, ask my daughter to give me the scoop out her dating time with Johnny Well and Mir, she was elected to give me the good details. Julie's now 38. I'm angered that she would be so close mouth. We've always shared. Anyway, I've got Tom Walling night. His love is face is Nadine. Right on, Nadine. That excellent taste. There's a lady after my own heart. Okay? A real lady. Johnny Depp and if we can't have him, good old Tom Walling causes a little bit of a swelling for some. And he'll be on tonight on Smallville. And mama, did you tell me that both of them, mama and the Clark, Jess, become deathly ill. And nobody can figure out why. But I have a feeling at the end of the show by 10 o'clock tonight. They'll be okay. Don't you think? Probably they seem to sew it all right up before the end. Because they'll be coming back in next week. A authentic place that's not the only okay. It's great. And that's the Emerald Coast. Speaking on Toronto, my good friend Richard was a big maple leaf fan. He's from Toronto. And the good news for you is he came down a South Florida several years ago and opened the first Emerald Coast in sunrise. And now they've expanded with three locations. He's tied sunrise. They're in North Miami Beach in the new location, Pemperpines. Everybody wants to be the Emerald Coast. But there's only the original. Okay? Because everybody also got a Chinese buffena. They're not even the same category. With the Emerald Coast. When you walk in the door, you'll see what I'm talking about. A sea of delicious fresh goodies. Everything fresh and crunchy. Six different soups would probably aren't crunchy, but they're delicious. And dozens of second and on-phrase, not just Oriental, but all kinds of other good stuff, beef and chicken and pork. And you name it. Oriental surf and turf on a weekends New York Stips. They made a word of a gourmet center. That's a sizzling Asian grill with teriyaki steak, shrimp chicken, seafood, handcar, firmer. The Emerald Coast promotes healthy living too because they don't use any craft, no cornstarch, no MSG. They use only cholesterol free oils. And all of their cooking and believe me, you'll feel that if it's delivered walk out of there with a headache, just a full pupic. There were faith features of full salad bar, new sushi bar, Greg, and fresh room cocktail too. And if him is lobster festives back at Emerald Coast featuring lobster thermators and lobster bisc. One requirement is bring a gigantic appetite or crowbar, and open up some room in your pants, for the dessert bar featuring pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream and all-day favorite toppings and fresh fruit. The perfect ending to a gigantic unbelievable, unparalleled feast. You'll find them in sunrise, pine island of 44th Street. They're on Collins Avenue just north of the 163rd North Miami Beach. And you also find Emerald Coast at the Intersex Diplomingo and Pembroke Roads in Pembroke Pines. They accept reservations take under every available as well. Be sure to look for the new Oriental chicken salad when you hop in to the Emerald Coast called 954-5723822. I think a lot of the people who eat there will not be hopping in. You know what I mean? No, it would be more like ladling in. Some of those big porkers. 954-5723822 for the World Famous Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. Oh, I welcome back to the Howard David show where we run a clean family diet for what you call it their show here. No homo talk to acquiesce like that Jufeg gaita fall as me. I ain't gonna make the thing at their mistake, Sufi sales me. And what are you? You remember when he told the kids to put their hands in the parents thing? Oh yeah, vividly. No, we're gonna talk sports here. With a little humor based on the comedy stylings of Jack Boom Boom Carter. Oh yeah, that's right. Say, either the food of food day and paradise, huh? Paradise? I sure, pet it in New York. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, you're from New York, right? I'm from Canasi. Now right, height down. I just flip my wig again. So, would you come down here for? Well, I had to be sightseeing this right here. This is paradise. Since he both died, I can't even say I kind of miss New York. Why? Then don't you want to go back sometime? I, uh, I can't go back. For come. Well, they told me in no uncertain times. Let's not get him to that right now. Yeah, that sounds familiar. So, what you're here to lose? Huh? I said, have you heard the news? Oh! They're gonna suspend that little hustle hole. Oh hey! That's right. They ought to let that little spit pasted go. What did he do? I just don't like him. Ain't that good enough? That little over the top, don't you think? Are you arguing with me? No? For you know who I am. I got the power and great read behind me. Montecity! I want to fire em all! Now will you? You! You're fired too! Get out of my place of business! Just say you're a place of business! Why you? Why you? Oh! And by the way, Mont? Break H. Anyway, 10.25.60. WDQA. We're doing the most erotic movie you've ever seen. Don't let me forget now behind the great divide by Paul Cragman. Okay, so I want to get it is one of the bedtime stories on our website today along with about 100 million other ones. But that's good. I mean, really, uh, excellent in terms of the difference of opinion about the old Iraq thing in the US and the rest of the world because of the news media. Ugh! Because of the way the stories are being presented and the fact that news media here feel that they have to be like a bunch of cheerleaders? At least some of them? Not to mention, of course, the Fox people who feel like the media is sick and you talk to others. That's right, we'll get to that. Also, the thing about the guy at the access 2.2 million credit cards but hasn't used him yet. And what is that all about? Well, he's wasn't. A hacker was gain access to as many as 2.2 million visa and master card accounts. The two companies announced yesterday. The hacker breached the security system of a coveted it processes credit card transactions on behalf of merchants visa and master card be saying. None of the visa accounts has been used fraudulently visa spokesman John Abram said the effect that accounts make up about a third of one per set of the 560 million master card visa cards in the US spokesman for the two companies said they've notified the banks that issued the affected cards. Both car companies have zero liability policies would protect car was from being held responsible for unauthorized your fraudulent charges yodia. Now, let me ask you, what happens for example? Somebody steals your credit card. Like those gypsy still not credit cards in real many years ago. Right. And they go and they make a bunch of fraudulent charges. They get the merchandise from the stores. What happens to the merchants? What happens to the merchants? Right, because they're not going to get paid. I guess they're screwed. You think? No, there must be something. They must have some kind of insurance with their agreement with the American Express or visa master card. There must be some kind of way to think of cover. Just like the card holder gets covered. I really don't know. Maybe some of the student listeners out there will know just something to think about. Okay. Also, we got healthy ice cream question mark. I don't know if I want to talk about that. I just read about it on our website. Okay, I don't want to talk about ice cream. You've been pleased to know that I haven't even thought about ice cream. Although I did discover an I don't want to talk about it. No, my blood sugar is excellent. I'm coming along very nicely. Thank you. I've blood pressures outstanding. But I discovered something called almond brittle. You know how they have all this great candy up here that you don't find in the States. Correct. During an ice break, I'm going to go into waste basket in the other room and just take the package out so I can tell you who makes it. And maybe you'll find it you in your life. Of course Carlos would like it because it's mostly chocolate. And his taste is so much to it. I'll take his share. But oh my god. Anyway, you can't be next to listen. Trust me what I tell you. You know, in order especially in the beginning, you have to tie yourself along. You follow? Right? With something not a lot, not a whole bunch of them, but not a whole high of messy long. That's right. Until you die. What do you know about it? What you know about having to lose weight? What do you have any high about? I've had to lose weight. When was that? Years ago, yeah. In my early twenties, I've had about about two months or two. Like maybe 30 pounds. 30 pounds? Really? Yeah. You were fat? I grew out of all of my clothes and I had to either buy a coat or a coat or a coat. How could you ever hurt about this? I thought it was a coat. I tried to mention it, but you go like, wave it off like it never really happened. You should see the pictures. Like, you know who else used to be fat? You're best personal friend, Rimmer. Yeah. Yeah. And then, of course, he discovered he had to start keeping paying for the food if he was going to be state that fat and he couldn't afford it anymore. When I bought a car and stopped writing my bike, I ballooned up practically overnight in the course of a year I gained 30 pounds. I'll be damned. Well, I may speak for your luck better. Here's Kansas City. It says hello. Hi. I know. Yes, sir. Yeah. There's a call while back about a guy who said about a Canadian film. Yeah. Oh, he's dying to hear it. Yeah. That was a demimore. It wasn't Canadian film. It was a strip tease. That's not what he was talking about. He said he she witnessed a murder. Yeah. But why don't we have that one on there? Even if it wasn't the one, it's a good one to have on list, right? Yeah. Actually, you know, I listed you on the internet on every day. It's a great show. Are you in Kansas City's Missouri or Kansas City Kansas? Missouri. Oh, thank goodness for that. Okay, have a great day, pal. Are you two? See? How do you like that? We had a call yesterday from Rochester. We got a call from Kansas City. Thank God for the internet. Okay. Oh, all this crap about. Wow. You know, that small potatoes. I'm telling you, if I'm for that website and work for our link, you know what I'm saying? sausage. For that link sausage is that a good timidine. Body heat, the most erotic movie you've ever seen, not ex rated. Body heat 19, nine and a half weeks, 17, Lula Goon 8, fatal attraction 8, and everybody else be a second wind after that or second something. Off to a pretty damn good start. Let's take a poll every day for the next two years. Okay. Just to piss off that guy. What do you call him Mr. What Mr. Contrary? Oh, yeah. Mary Mary quite contrary. Is that it? Next time he calls after like the first work because you were recognizing faster than I do. He's got a breathy fat. Maybe we can just say that. You asshole. You were always calling about the balance for life, how expensive it is in an iron car. Oh, yeah. So, just anything that we say. Mr. Contrary. Yes. You asshole. I do like the way Moses that thought I got to admit that. You got away with that mo. Of course, what's that old saying about it takes one? Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, sir. I got once for you. Alish him the lano and brace him with that fire. In a race of a vampire. Sir big Lesbow vampires movie. And one that I haven't been mentioned yet and it's not that old neither wild thing with new cambles and other wild things by the Okay, you got a man. Wild things. Yes. They have wild things. Yes, I said. If you wild things in my time, make no mistake about it. 26 past 10 at 5 60 WC. Your roast for the mad dog at one. Hank Goldberg's in training this morning because he's got to do four full hours. In fact, I think two days in a row. The hopper is gone to the to the antymarl. Three to seven in a studio. By the way, uh, wish him well for me. Okay, when you see him. Okay, and Tom to lose an ounce or two because last time I saw him, I was like taking a back, you know. And then of course, I'm talking about him being fat. I don't want to scot the stroke. He's probably laughing up his slum. I mean laughing, but you know what I'm saying? He's probably sniggering a little bit. Say, and aha, the popcorn and kettle fat. See what I mean? I don't be worried about what other people are doing in combat. But he also fed George when you yourself have had those problems in your life. However, that goes. That's a time layman in Joe Prieto. Howl at Pontiac GMC are not Tom Lamin is not fat. I've never met Joe. Do you think Joe might be fat? We'll find out. Anyway, they're proud to announce three great Neil Rogers Neil Deal so isn't very carefully put your ear right up to the radio. Neil Deal number one gets 0% financing and all GMC 1500 series pickups. You heard me absolutely right. 0% and all 1500 series pickups. Neil Deal number two, Lisa GMC on-boy for only a 299 bucks a month plus tax for 48 months. You heard me right again, way 299 a month plus tax and Neil Deal number three. By a potty act vibe for just $199 a month? Let me say it one more time. You heard correct. You years don't have actually built up its only 199 bucks a month. Halice also got great Neil Deal's unused cars, trucks, SUVs, and as far as credit is concerned, it should be the least of your problems because even if you want to work with Jeff to forest, even if your credit is the worst in the world, even if you know pity Lenny, they'll still cut you a deal at Halit Pontiac GMC. It's the great Neil Deal triple latter going on right now at Halit Pontiac GMC, 134-1 South-Tixie Highway that's US when across from the falls open every day seven days week. For more information you can call the Neil Deal Hotline Tool 3, 1-Tibilate 5344211. That's 1-Tibilate 5344211 and don't forget, all Neil deals are subject credit approval seed dealer for details. Halit Pontiac GMC who be professional grade. And hold it. You love Shakira's time, so he has a partner in your clothes. And now you love her new album, Shakira sings other people's hits. She already made music history by recording her first English language album, and now she's taking her art form to the next level by re-recording songs that were already only this time for an English again. Shakira sings other people's hits. If you really really like Shakira's CD's laundry service, then you really really really like her Shakira sings other people's hits. No jinnamos in his manual in his social windows. 119 votes on a poll and the body heat is pulled into first place. The most erotic movie not insrated you ever seen body heat 25 man and a half weeks 20. Blue Lagoon 9. On faithful 8 fatal attraction 8. Face against things 6. Cockamone no junction. Two moon junction 6 and while work it 6 everybody else is got 5 or less. Jacko child sex scandal said to explore reports this week's inquiry. Have you read this? No. The Michael Jackson child molestation investigation could explode spectacularly in the open once again as a brand new witness who stayed with Michael at his neverland ranch considers telling all the inquirer has learned exclusively. Nearly 10 years ago the singers world-caived in when a 13 year old boy accused the entertainer sexually abusing him but the uxd did not testify against Jack's new body silence for a staggering $40 million the inquirer is withholding his name. 40 million did you always that much? I knew it was 30 something that it was 40 million says the inquiry the inquirer don't lie. Now the sensational scandal which Jack's in the head hope was doubt could reignite. Santa Barbara County Sheriff deputies were aware of these second-hungs to back in 94 disclosure insider they talked with him and even had him in a safe house but neither he nor the boy who brought the initial allegations made it to a grand jury because the first boy's family was paid off this boy and his family decided to back out they didn't want to be the only ones taking on Michael. They were definitely fearful of what it might do to their lives especially the boy's life so they try to keep his involvement a secret and for the most part of the state of secret until now. But the past is being dredged up again and the boy now a young man is considering what to do. The recent ABC special on Michael's odd life at a natural obsession with children has stirred up allegations of Jackson hoped it is appeared but now is most frightening nightmares threatened to turn real. Robert Wagner, former Beverly Hills Policeman, employed his chief of security and never land ranch for three years, has written a book that will rekindle questions of our Jackson's sleepovers with young children. Wagner said he counted up to 150 youngsters who slept with Jackson between 1993. He also said it was troubled by Jackson's habit of inviting favorite children to a viewing booth in his private cinema where he says there was a bed and chair and then closing the curtains around them. But will we just think they were watching in their George? Erotic? Santa Barbara District Attorney Thomas Sneedon says the Jackson case from a decade ago remains open but in act dude. Now I'm not going to read the written book. Huh? Nothing. It's my imagination. In Quirener files, trip up Jackson's claims at the bottom to get like a little inset. But a few examples of the BSE was talking about special which you'll notice he had had his own special or read but it? No, no, no, no. To bought it. Rectom. The In Quirener caught the king of pop-tongue a number of ball-faced lies in the course of his TV special. Here are some of his claims committed by the information from our files. Plastic surgery. Jackson. He claims he's had only two operations both on his nose. The In Quirener Jackson has had up to eight operations on his nose. The Disney's had his jaw squared. His eyebrows raised a cut foot in his chin and since 1983 is progressively lightened his complexion. Sleeping with children. Jackson, he claims it's not sexual. We were going to sleep. I tucked them in as very charming. In Quirener, in the 1993 Mollestation Investigation of Jackson, the 13-year-old victim said he had sexual contact with me on many occasions. He kissed me on the lips. Grad me by the buttocks and put his tongue in my mouth. I told him I didn't like that. But he said it was nothing wrong. He said. Cancer boy Gavin Jackson. He Jackson, in our hands, with 12-year-old Gavin during the interview and admitted they sleep together in the same rooms. Thames he has permission to the boy's family. The In Quirener, Gavin's father, David R. Visa, was outraged at the boy's mother-loss and the sleeping Jackson vet and said, it's obvious Gavin shouldn't be up on Jackson's ranch unsupervised but his mother doesn't care. And parenthood, Jackson, Thames he's a good parent for the In Quirener, top child care experts were stunned. At the way Jackson treated his children during the tipping of the TV special, shakeily feeding his baby through a veil and making the older ones wear masks. New Jersey psychologist Dr Patricia Ferrell said Jackson is contributing to serious metal health problems for these kids in the future. The father of the year. Michael Michael. Molder cycle, how do you like that? That's just a little piece, then of course, the globe and the star each have their own take. Which we'll get to, just briefly, little tidbits here near. Because people do care, they do want to know. Right, much as we hate to admit it. And you want to know why I said before? Why? Because it's something different. I mean, it's something old but it's something old, it's been brought back and it's not Sodom and it's not Iraq and it's not the Bushmeister and it's not all these depressing grotes, it's not the orange alert, it's not Tom Rage, it's not Cheesehead Tommy Thompson. See what I'm saying? What's OJ up to? It's not OJ any all the way, if he would want to go and kill somebody this week, I'm sure they'd love to hear about that too. Oh, can you imagine what a public service he'd be doing? I mean, nobody important though, J, nobody that deserves to be alive, you know, find some scumbag. Kills some people. There you go. The Sator who fell from Grace with the sea. If they say something better on there, I saw it. Whatever, you know, we're not going to argue with them. Well, I mean, doesn't have any pides says with Chris Chris, Donferson, Sarah Miles, do you know what Sarah Miles looks like? No, well, you know what Chris Christophe is. It looks like. Yes. All right, shave his beard. They're Sarah Miles. I see. Offbeat, moody romantic melodrama about the effect of winter women's affair on some critics were mixed. Erotic love scenes, idiosting critics script, Seiko's landscape appeals to fans of non mainstream love stories. I already wrote it down. Did you? I was a singer who, um, yeah, I won't get a vote. It's too long to write it down. The Sator who fell from Grace with the sea. Yeah, I was a great guy. Okay. A sliver with Sharon Stone, where she spreads her legs. That was basic instinct, where she spreads her legs. But nevertheless, don't confuse them. Well, what about sliver? I don't know about sliver. Yes. There was a, there was another leg ahead. No, there was a shower scene. There was a shower scene and scene in Seiko, too, but it wasn't an erotic movie. New, Roddick. Correct, er, uh, Corrigula. Somebody's got to look you on here, which we already got. Don't, it was ex-rated. It's ex-rated. And a little humor in his deliverance, Ned Bady puts on a Academy of War, winning performance, right? As he takes it back to him, a video drum, which was on a poorly yesterday. It says was an 80s movie where woman was having sex with a demon. That was in her home. I was still scraping off the sponge on my ceiling from watching that one. And you say, that, whatever. What kind of an answer is that? I'm sitting here with my pen poised, waiting for it to see how I like the title of this movie. I didn't consider it erotic. I mean, in spite of Debbie Harry, who didn't show us anything in that. Was she hairy? No. She was dressed. That's what America wants to know. Was Debbie Harry? So we still haven't got the name of that movie that the guy was just dying. Oh, we got it off the fact as a matter of fact I think. What was it? Somebody says that it's called exotic. The chick wears a schoolgirl outfit and the customer becomes obsessed with her very hot. All right. Uh, for Mark who sent another facts and uh, Mark has good taste. Because he made a suggestion on a previous facts that I just sent you. The only facts that I got you just sent me is the new copy for dollar mantras. That didn't come from me. Well, must come from fat boy. Since we already ran run spot, you better get with it, Mr. Okay, fat boy. You fat tub. That's why it's a little bit slow. Because in case you haven't noticed us fat people move real slow and his taste, they want or real slow like to his facts machine. But better late than ever fat boy. 20 to 11 at 560 WQM Joe Rose for the man dog at one the hump or three this afternoon. I'll tell you a place we can go and really pick out. Or are we going to you to shower? If you like maybe an antipasto. Boris Carloth always like an antipasto. Why do they always say that when people imitate Boris Carloth? Antipasto. Oh, I wouldn't be surprised if he never ate an antipasto. But anyway, you can have one. You can have all your favorite Italian dishes and three different kinds of great pizza. And unbelievable garlic rolls just dripping with garlic and delicious soups and just all kinds of good stuff. Calzones and chicken and wild dishes and seafood and a much more at the world famous pizza. Lock that with two outward locations. Flats and ejectes just keeps raking in the dough. That's why they make so much pizza because he's got so much dough. You want it a why? Because it's consistently outstanding. And everybody pays a palm free price even the rumors pay for it will lead at the pizza law. You might pay a little bit more but it will be well worth the price. You'll find the original Broward Pizza law on university dry right between Griffin and 595 behind Perwin imports with acres of free parking for you. And the food like I said is fresh. It's delicious. The prices are incredibly embarrassingly low. Every 2D like tonight is eggplant night at the lock by one of these dinners on Tuesdays. Get the second one for only 5 bucks. It's melonsanonite at the pizza law. That that is what the eggplant is. Isn't it melonsanon? I don't know. You don't know your Italian. You better get with it, Mr. For take out delivery and killing it. Holy young. David location. It's 954 916. There was jars that said that. 954 9168880. And the brand new pizza lock is in plantation. Long overdue that we had someplace in plantation worth going over and over again. Have it a great meal. Stripey on Walgreens on a corner of Navajo in sunrise. And a little strip shopping center behind Walgreens. And believe me, even though you can't see it from the street, it's a real treat. Right between Walgreens and the uh... Mobile station. Got it? Got it. That's kind of like a landmark there. It is the mobile little bit down the street in the Walgreens. And right tucked in between in the strip shopping centers the pizza lock. And they got the same delicious food and the same great deals at the uh... uh... What is this plantation location is in, David? I get confused. For take out delivery and plantation call 954 3A21999. What would I know about plantation anyway? 954 3A21999. Both outstanding restaurants in Broward. They were flaming pizza locks. You'll love it. What do you dance? They've asked you to dance. Yeah. Just for fun. What do you have on my back? Okay. Darling please. Make me feel fine. Arrrr. What do you and they, my whole tonight? Okay. That was just like as you were bathing. Oh! helium! Will you put find to become K&5 in the kid? The pain won't be If we dance Would you unlock all my pants? Huh? Would you play If I held my body I need some action Oh darling, please Make me feel fine And just wait my whole You know how this dog is working right in there so the spirit Oh please Oh I just check you over in there Rick is the answer still no 1047 at 5.50 WQM Our audience right on top of it A merchant is responsible for the charges that we've done from a stolen card It's the responsibility of the merchant to establish proof that card doesn't Fact along to the card holder the buyer I take credit cards over the internet Which is a high risk I get about four charge backs per month stolen cards Thank you very much Thank you very much Thank you very much And here's another one There are different rules pertaining to liability responsibilities for credit card Usage if the merchant is an internet or mail order telephone order merchant There are no effective ways to authenticate the identity of the consumer making the purchase Nor is there usually a signature to go with the purchase When there's a fraudulent transaction that takes place the merchant is liable for the transaction And then he penalties associated with the transaction In the physical world, there's usually a signature associated with the transaction Even if the transactions are fraudulent when the card holder is responsible for 50 bucks That are transaction amount while the issue is responsible for the rest In most cases the issue are waves the $50 Thank you very much My Carlos with the K now we're Carlos with the K from yesterday Yes, rhymes with Say He says how about cool intentions one and two I wrote him down already, but whatever Well if you're going to write these down don't I mean let me know about it Well I'm just staying ahead of the game so that I can give him the Carlos so that we don't fall behind I see cruel intentions one and one and two I mean are just cruel intentions there was a hot kiss in one of them Mom's is for no cruel intentions Now here's the fact it's very important it goes to sure that even though we have two computer aces here computer nerds That we still need the audience to be monitoring them at all times very carefully Because we're not perfect even Eric's not perfect I went to your site to vote for the summer of 42 and it appears that airic as an error Eric has listed summer lovers twice and left out summer 42 wanted to let you know thank you very much again Now let me just monitor this okay, we're monitoring our Eric. I'm looking I think there's a summer 42 with five votes I see summer lovers only once So like I said I retract my thank you very very much and whatever Maybe they just couldn't find it you know I'm looking at summer 42 right now it's got five votes Didn't get mine Whatever happened to Greg Graham see just disappeared. I guess I don't look He just disappeared What a shame pretty baby says the P the P is in pedophile I thought that oh I like them Pretty baby brochures is most definitely they could miss one She's like a woman and And Lolita I like the original with two online is says that was the one with James Mason Let's see a theme That was one with James Mason wasn't I believe I think I was thought you never saw James Mason and Sue and line and little bit Maybe I never saw Judy Garland James Mason star is born you right I didn't ah Oh my god, and I'm gonna tell you there's another that would be a good movie for poll two Movies that had no business being we may not tell you one right now. Well speaking of more speaking of mo Like how you fall was there in the rather Williams that's where you got that Faggot or what other thing is from the bird cage the bird cage if ever There was a movie that it was a crime To remake that was it and what was the hitchcock movie that Faggot remake is some hitchcock movie that everybody said why did they do that Well they might have been psycho like three times. Hey, it was psycho you're right. It might have been weird back home window How do we call them we make a never what's that rear window? No, I was a you forget about it You weren't with me on that. I think Roger Vadim's and God created a woman with Rebecca D. Morne was a very central film What was the movie she was in that like so much the where she played the house keeping an hand that rocks the canoe Oh, I loved that movie a line It was just fine. It wasn't sexy or a radical It was just the fight it was good. It was like a scary, you know, and she played a real bitch The hand that rocks the a con needle Anyways, his Roger Vadim's and God created a woman with Rebecca D. Morne was central also think Roger Vadim's and God created a woman with rigid bar dough in 157 was very radical the only similarity between the two was the type on the director. Huh? So what do we do about that? Right now and God created woman and let them let them fight over where we're talking about yeah Because we can't I mean, you know the list is only limited to 7000 names Because even even Eric we wouldn't want to do that to would we? Well don't answer Carl Here are two from somebody else since sirens there are two movies with this name on another one with two movies with the same name Good God good choice Is it yeah? Well let me write it down now. How do we differentiate? I want to change by vote It says this one has L. E. McPherson terrifits Huh? L L McPherson terrifits Gerald and several other chase grade less beyond scenes about a preacher's wife So it was nearly a radical life in early 1900s, Australia in other words down under Portia de Rossi who is a lesbian and real life from Allie McVeele She's in there all naked but yes that then then just as we were beginning a little steam there are little momentum It says it has Hugh Grant and Sam Neal in it, but fortunately they're not directly involved in the erotic scenes Well, thank the lord. Thank you for that. For that notorious by their absence during any gigatist Oh, get this. Hugh Grant. That. What is the story? He must have naked pictures of Queen Elizabeth, you know, while casting that because he was supposed to be like a really dorky Ministers and that's him perfect like Luis some passions a real dork Belvedous your from 1967 was Catherine de Nouve, but her most awesome member Catherine de Nouve, see Or what was Spots used to do on TV they used to run like every ten minutes I'm Catherine de Nouve. Remember that? That's a lot of those things. He was also in the hunger with Susan Serendent, which was on pot At least his wife who works in a board dello for kicks If he likes her sex rough and the grading very hot for a very arty movie Belvedous your got it down. Yep. Well, we got a big list here And a lot of homer few people that we do know about a weekend they're going to be out there running tapes like crazy Or maybe just stealing getting a few bootlegs from George Or is that movie we're going to get a bootleg copy of you never did? I did but I never watched it. Eight mile. Oh, oh my god. Oh, see how it even looks for free. I know my eight mile. Okay, I know my eight mile until a graph I know eight mile and Detroit even though I haven't been there in a long time. I know I like to pome your hand, okay? And if there's one place, I don't want to return to ever. It's Detroit. Pre-1967 one of the world's great exciting vibrant happening places post 1967 you wouldn't drop a third net town. That's that's how degrading a disgusting that city is. Okay How does the full come in the on-plad you acts to what was the most erotic movie not expected you've ever seen body heat? And what the hell was body heat? Because I didn't see them. The third mystery clot Kathleen Tertid William hurt and have it a fair wind up killing her husband. I said Kathleen Tertid was nin it. No, that was night in the other one. Kathleen Tertid was body heat. Can we get this straight now? The postman all about when he's one of his who are one that they said was Kathleen Tertid but it's not a Jessica laying but Kathleen Tertid at her tiny but perky titties. My head is body-bending from this my head is happening. Anyway body heat's got 35 nine and a half weeks has got 31 blue lagoon and that's essentially two we're getting a big number. Way way down to blue lagoon 13 because that's a long time ago blue lagoon right. What you would you say that one or no I thought the theater though. 70 something? No, more maybe right around 80 more or less. I'll look it up. I feel like it. Base against 10 on faithful 10 and everybody else is like single digits after that. 1980. What did I just say? What did I say? 1980. Here's Miami. Hello. That was a lucky guess yes sir. I am thank you. Okay. You mentioned Paul Fetch, the Torquino made another one. Reservor dog. Did you ever see that movie? That was an erotic movie. Yeah. In sorts. Mr. Green, Mr. Blue and Mr. Red. Yeah. Yeah. That was erotic. Sure. In a sense. It was great. Okay. Okay. I never heard. I never heard. I always tell me I should see that movie but nobody ever knows that it was. I'm not on you. You should see that movie. Yes you had. No no no. You said as soon as I finish with Shindler's list and the other one. Born on the 4th of July. Born on the 4th of July and what's the one at Jason was always trying to get me watch. Shot change. As soon as I finish with those three I should watch. Whatever he just said. Reservor dog. Never heard me recommend a Quentin Tarantino movie. Oh. Excuse me. But it certainly wasn't erotic. No. It was about a crazy guy. He's a crazy person. Oh that guy was the crazy guy you're right. Do you even realize that did you? That was a crazy guy. I know it was a crazy guy. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Nine. Nine. And low. 640560. You're way ahead. You get a lot of it. 540560. The Rogers of Sports Hole Radio WQA. I want to tell you the truth about the interview with me. Lot of it was life. Now for my own mouth here it is. On my magic tree branch. I've never land branch. I sit and write my songs on me and I don't wear my pants. Either boys sleep over. I don't have in my bed. I can't sell milk and cookies. So that's not what lawyers said. My lord was well off from plastic surgery. And my natural black skin can't be white enough for me. I prefer water balloons over making lots. I have never touched a breast with a wearing my glove. Making love is nasty for me. It's unknown. That's why I sent all of my sperm fed eggs to Debbie Roe. I paid more near attack me. She ripped off all my clothes. I've only had two plastic surgeries. I'm mind-rolls. Not because it looked bad but because I couldn't smell. And if you don't believe me you can't freaking go to hell. And party with the devil. Tommy Matola. Subscribe to see what my hair on fire. I drink Coca Cola. Another two at five and sixty WQM happy Tuesday too. A risky business has very erotic scenes. One of our chronic enough factors. What do you think? Well it does. And erotic scene at three. Okay. RISKY business. Get it on there. Now this one I find most amusing. I guess I know what it'll offer. Corkies is what it's saying. I love the scene where the female gym teacher starts howling like wolf and a smell of a black strap. She jumps on the other teacher right in the middle of the class. Lathany Orphan. As played by Kim Cotrol. The famous Kim Cotrol. Yes. Why don't you say that? It's a very sexy series. And you're agreeing with it? Well it's a comedy but that doesn't mean that it's a piece of a how about American pie. I'm sure that maybe there were people found scenes in any rotica. You don't want me to argue with these people. And what was that silly movie Josh Hartnick was in there 40 days and nights. Whatever that was? I don't know. I mean these are comedy movies. Didn't have to, you know, just because there's like a breast here or a hint of a penis there or a a rectum there. You know, it doesn't have a twitchy zone. I guess some of these were getting from the real desparados. You know what we're putting that one up there? What? The porcis? Of course not. But you think that was erotic? Yes. Hell no. She's there was erratic, not erotic. What was the most erotic movie you've ever seen? Not x-rated. What a list we got Blue Lagoon. Last hang one, Paris. Paradise. Mulholla. Now how's that doing by the way, Paradise? That was a real cheesy rip off of Blue Lagoon. Yeah. Not doing too good. I don't know. Look at that. Where the hell is it? Got no votes. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah. Will he aims in the Scott Payo shoots? What I'm hearing anyway. Paradise. Mulholla and drive. Summer lovers. Fadel attraction. Took a lot. I bet you Carlos didn't like that one. 9.5 weeks. Basic instincts. Wild orkid. The postman always rings twice on faithful the two moon junction. Body heat. Out of sight. Number 42. The summer knows. Remember her squirmy. I'll swept away. Body of Evidence. See of love. I would look all over. I can't. I sure hope Elvis makes it come back. You want to know why? I mean, I could have found out the way to get that music. But I have no audio capabilities on my computer. Why would I want to have audio on a computer here? Was only a radio show. Tony radio station. God forbid we should do that. And you want to know why I don't have it? I give up why. Because I would have cost a couple more bucks. And Bob removes. And I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. You. Yeah. I'm. You. I'm. I'm. And Bob removes. Sure, and I'm. Farbie for me to bitch. I got no. I got beautiful little studio here. Everything is pre-mo. And works a lot better than a craft. You guys got there. Let me take that right now. So you've said. Sweep the way. Body of Evidence. See of love. Return to the blue lagoon. He put that on. Or was that. Huh? I don't know. It's got a vote. Okay. It's got a vote. Somebody must select somebody in there. Monsters balls. Angel heart. Personal best. Body double. Strip teas. Embrace of Evampire wild things. The sailor who fell from grace with a sea. And was that the grace from passions? Could have been. It was a disgrace. In fact, I wish great. We are great. Wish grace would take her tomato soup cake and fall in the sea with that. Good passions that a by-to-way. As we find Ivy at the bottom of the stairs net wheelchair. A sliver exotic. Pretty baby. Little leader. Cool intentions. And God created. Woman. Sarans. What do I leave off? I don't know. I gave my list of carlots. No, but I just left off on it. I just told you. Oh, my. First he business. Very good. That's it. That's where we are at the moment. And we got a real battle going. I was trippy a two way battle. I don't like that. I hate that. Because then they did all around with it. You know. In fact, yes. They're dealing around with it. It's 40. 40 now. And I don't have to waste and body heat. Each have 40 and blue. The goon way back to 15. So they did all around with it. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. How about Andy. How you doing? Okay. How about Mr. Good Bar. Or American graffiti. American graffiti was arrived. Would that Richard Sears. American. American. I'm sorry. She's a Mark. Oh, American. Jigalo. American graffiti was a like a Ronnie Howard movie. Yeah. Like happy days part two. American. Jigalo. American. I was up with Richard gear. Oh, Richard gear. Good. Good. Richard Sears. Okay. Let's put it down. Richard, just think through. Yeah. We got it. What about, you know, the credit card thing. I want to kind of talk you about. The deal is is that it's like if you have the credit card. In your hand and you swipe it through the machine. Yeah. You're not responsible for that money. It's only if you take a credit card over the phone or over the internet. You're not responsible for that. I'm not responsible for that. I'm not responsible for that. So, so much deals are credit carding boots somewhere. And, you know, he is at the someone. They can charge whoever they want. And the merchant is not responsible for it. The credit card company still pays them the money. Because it's not their response. I'm not responsible for that. I'm responsible for a hotel reservation. And they say give you a credit card number. And if you are going to charge it if you can't. So, they really can't charge your card because they never actually had the card holder. You know, you know, they're swiping the card in the machine. That's why when you get to the hotel they always ask you to be in print of the card. Right. Do you understand what I mean? Yeah. It's just pretty simple. If you have the credit card in your hand, you swipe it through the machine. You're not responsible for it. But if it's taken over the phone. That's another thing. I mean, you're, you know, you have to pay for that. Okay. Thanks, Lam. All right. I think I think I should say thanks a lot because I have no idea what we're talking about. Right. What? I thought we headed down Pat with those other two facts that agreed. And he said, I think the opposite isn't what he said. The opposite said I believe. I'm confused. So we got American Jigalo with Richard Gears. Yeah. I don't understand that. How can any movie that Richard Gears be in unless, of course, now who else was in that? Sharon Stone? I don't. I'd ever saw American Jigalo. Come on. Look at up Carl. I should look at him. The only problem I have he said, effect his bookway. Six thousand pounds is the fact that the print is so tiny. This is, this, this is what tells me whether I'm still liven out the fact that I can still read the print in this book without your magnivisions. Lord, I'm American Rafiti. Richard, drive. Oh, I'm looking at him. Look at him. Look at him. Look at him. Lord, what? Oh, you calm down. Look at so hysterical. Richard, you're Lord, Hutton. Hecter, Eliano, Elazando. Nina Van Pala, Palant. Bill Duke and Brian Davies. Well, who the hell is Lord Hutton? We know who that is. Who is she? She is an actress, a model and an actress. Yeah. And an old old. The movie is like I could open up the book again. See what year was it? It's an old freaking movie. Put it down. Okay, American Jigalo. I already gave that guy a shot. Give him a little shot. I'm not arguing with any of these people. Five, six, seven, five, six. We're going to have a gigantic pool here today folks. And everybody's invited a hop right on. Hop on our pool. Just a piss off that, uh, contrary guy. That's schmuck that Jack is. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I got a couple for you. Okay. One is sort of like Michigan movie. The guy in the movie to actually house it. But in the people were surprised when there's a lot of hype. And so I want to hype teams in that movie with all those girls, you know. But that was what publication in there. Okay. And the chicken is for all the brothers out there. Jungle fever. We also pretty hot teams in there, you know. Jungle fever? Yeah, well, you know, what week's night and in a field NFL or so. I can't pronounce your last name. Sure. Sure. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. And I should have a lot of team where he's been on one together. I'm dead. And all that. The fourth black white me, but never came out on TV. The one on the audience. The team's in that. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. We got you down. People versus Larry Flint and Jungle fever and whatever. Here's an article by Arianna Huffington about once every five years. Something that makes sense in the rest of the time is the raping right. We can lunatic. Uh, what is this? Well, this fact says, do do do this goes out to them all. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Well, in that case, they're crying again. All right. Get it on that list immediately from that sooner. How about bully? Yes. Bullying? You don't. You don't. You don't. You don't. Bullying with bully? Great. For a lot of reasons. Oh, no. Is that bully bully? Yeah. It was a little bit woolly as a matter of fact. Here's Ethanous is not sure if anybody mentioned this one. It's called bound. We got well, I'll bully now, right? Bounce during Jenna Hertily is a mob boss's wife and Gina Gershoun is her lesbian ex-door neighbor. Yeah. They phone love, tiny killer mob husband. Great lesbian scenes. This is the first film directed by the Wachowski brothers directors of the Matrix. Found. Got it. Bound? Bullying bound. I think we're following. We're getting to a theme here. And the lesbian scenes could have been hotter, but nevertheless. I see. Well, I see. This is a book. Have you read this book? Then my to a gallon or 20 miles to a gallon and you're still buying gas. It was a matter of fact if you're buying any product it was transported here with gas. Right. I mean, come on, Ariana, get a life sweetheart. Understand that you've had some real tough time if your husband was a fag, but that's beside the point. Really? I didn't know that. Yeah. Don't you remember he ran for governor or something California then he finally outgone outed in the whole dealer? Yeah. No. Well, he was. See, learned something. Twelve minutes after 11 at five, 60 WKOM. Showdown, Iraq. There's Nick Robertson over there showing us who we haven't hardly mentioned that all do they? And don't we feel better for it? I mean, what is there to say anymore? You know, what is there to say? Nothing. Get lots of work going in. Whatever resolution it takes, however much arm twisting and pulling it takes. And we know that Bush has got naked pictures of Tony Blair and a moose. And Prince Charles, they're all in there together doing it. They're humpin' it. And that's the way it is. As Walter Clark, I would say. He's still alive, you know. Yeah. Fairly, you know, he don't look too good. 13 past 11, if always, and better shape than David Brinkley. Hey, everyone presented with an opportunity when you should have put a what it done something, but didn't do it. You couldn't pull the trigger fast enough and get it done. There's an incredible, phanty-may mortgage rate out there. You're really ought to consider taking advantage of a 3.45 percent. And this rates available to you by calling financial group at 1-800-940-563. If you were to compare a 7% rate with 3.45 percent, you'd save yourself 3500 bucks in the first year alone for each 100,000 you owe, 100,000 bucks cost you only 447 a month. This is an opportunity that won't last its a 40 year low. So if you've been thinking about refinancing or buying a home, this is what you ought to do. Call financial group first and 1-800-940-5363, the process is simple. And the call is absolutely positively free. 1-800-940-LAND. Financial group has been an equal housing winner in the thousands of borrowers just like you with this phanty-may program. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change if you delay 5.34 APR. Call financial group today at 1-800-940-LAND. I'm my wife and law. This is 4-2560. 2-2500. I, this is Jim. Love your show meal. Love you. Love you. This is name is Joe. We've got to show on Fox Written and Height Rich. But I grew up with Joe and so I should know why caught him so tiny fish. It's okay I guess. Because I wore it green. I thought he was mine. All that can though life and wine. He's a handsome guy and that's no lie but he's the truth I swear it. I won't get on him and from that name Jim would appeal Jack and a carrot. And he's got smelly feet. And his hands full of grease. Here's without a treat. He's got a fetish for guisey men, luncha dauguit. Why did he never did care? Did he wear smiths and fat man on the way? Oh, he's the only dresses I'm like, yeah. 1118 is 560W. If you have here's a credit card professional. Some of them might know that we'll answer to our question hello. Me or how are you? Pretty good sir. Good. I was in the appointment. Didn't hear the original question. But I heard that gentleman's answer. Yeah. And he was incorrect. If I could ask you, what was the original question you had about the credit card? The original question was if somebody steals your credit cards and you're not responsible or maybe only responsible for the first 50 bucks. Where does that leave them merchant? Now, the word somebody has to pay for the merchandise that would be responsible. Where does the merchant come in? Okay. If someone hands the merchant and stole in credit cards, and they swipe the cards through their machine and the person signs a receipt. The merchant is stuck on the hook not only for the goods, but they will charge that is account for the credit card money if it is advanced to him. The merchant is the one who is stuck. Okay. So, I'm going to hope that I'm staying up to the right. Okay. Yeah, I had two classes saying exactly what you're saying in this guy knows better than the rest of us. Okay. Thanks a lot. You're welcome. You too. There you go. Three out of four can't be wrong, right? Sure. This fact, though, leaves me limp. Which, and the one you just asked me how about poison ivy, Jew bear more is so hot. Oh, man. What's the point of telling? She's almost as hot as Tom Green. You bear more is hot? She used to be sure she got all scared. Get out of here. Get out of here. Stop. Stop. She's not even Luke warm. Even Luke Easter was hotter than her. Okay. You even know who that is. Anybody remember Luke Easter? No. Is that Dick Feinberg and Papadopark? Do bear more so hot. Okay. Poison ivy. What do you say? I already wrote it down. Did you just for them? I mean just a human then. It has a scene. Does it really you've seen it? Yep. 5605060, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Don't let me forget this great article behind the Great Divide by Paul Cudman, which I'm going to read right now. He doesn't get that article by Paul Cudman. Yeah, that's the one. From today's New York Times. He says he's like, Are you interrupting again? Don't I think I think Mo had a real good point about you? There's been much speculation why Europe and the US are suddenly a such odds. Is it about culture about history? But I haven't seen much discussion of an obvious point. We have different views partly because we see different news. Let's back it up. Many Americans now blame France for the chill and US European relations. There's even talk of boycotting French products. But France's attitude is exceptional. And that Saturday's huge demonstrations confirmed pulls that show deep distrust of the Bush administration. And skepticism about an Iraq war and all major European nations. Whatever position their governments may take in fact the biggest demonstrations were in countries whose governments are supporting the Bush administration, aka Italy and Spain. There were big demonstrations in America too, but distrust of the US overseas has reached such a level even among our British allies that a recent British pull-rank the US is the world's most dangerous nation way ahead of North Korea and Iraq. So to why don't other countries see the world the way we do? News coverage is a large part of the answer. Eric Altramin's new book, What Liberal Media, doesn't stress international comparisons for the difference between the news reports of Americans in European sea is a stark demonstration of his point. At least compared with their foreign counterparts, the liberal US media are strikingly conservative in this case, hawkish. I'm not mainly talking about the print media. There are differences, but the major national newspapers in the US and the UK, at least seem to be describing the same reality. Most people, though, get their news from TV in there that differences immense. The coverage of Saturday's anti-war rally was a reminder of an extent to which the US cable news in particular seems to be reporting about a different planet than the one covered by foreign media. What would someone watch in cable news of scene on Saturday news anchors on Fox described that administrators in New York as the usual protesters or serial protesters? CNN wasn't quite so to this missive, but on Sunday morning, the headline on the Networks website read Anti-war rallies Delight Iraq, and the accompanying picture showed marchers in Baghdad, not London or New York. This wasn't all the way to the world's media reported Saturday's events, but it was not the character. For months both US major cable news networks have acted as if the decision to invade Iraq has already been made, and have an effect seen as their job to prepare the American public for the coming war. So it's not surprising that the target audience is a bit blurry about the distinction between the Iraqi regime and Al Qaeda. Survey showed that a majority of Americans think that some are all of the 9-11 hijackers were Iraqi, while many believe that Saddam Hussein was involved in 9-11, a claim even the Bush administration has never made. And since many Americans think that the need for war against Saddam Husobius, they think that Europeans who won't go along are cowards. Europeans who don't see the same things on TV are former inclined to wonder why Iraq rather than North Korea, or for that matter, Al Qaeda, has become the focus of US policy. That's why so many of them question American motorists, expecting that it's all about oil, or that the administration is simply picking out a convenient enemy in Ozekin defeat. They don't see opposition to an Iraq war as cowardice, they see it as courage, a matter of standing up to the bullying, Bush administration. There are two possible explanations for the great transatlantic media divide. One is that European media have a pervasive anti-American bias that leads them to distort news even in countries like the UK, where leaders of both major parties are pro-boscent support and attack on Iraq. The other is that some US media outlets operating in an environment in which anyone who questions the administration's foreign policy is accused of being unpaid periodic. Have taken it as their assignment to sell the war not to present a massive information that might call the justification for war into question. So which is it? I've reported you decide. It says Paul Karkman today's New York Times. The usual protestors. Oh, that fox may not be able to complain about their news because they don't present it. Here's a call from Pembroke Park. Hello. Hey, you know. Yes sir. One, looking for Mr. Good Bar. Okay. And the other, the credit card guy that just called you is absolutely correct. Even if the guy gives you the card and you take an ID from the card from the guy. And they dispute that charge. The merchant is still responsible. It's still stuck. And still stuck for it. And also, had you ever watched the subway ads run that Jared guys are on there for the diet thing? If you look at the bottom of the screen where they have a little tagline, the subway is a registered trademark of the American Medical Association. Really? Yeah. What does that mean? I have no idea. I don't know. I've watched it. I saw that. I'll tell you what. You'll probably see Jared one more time. I'm going to peep my guts out. I can't stand him. Yeah. I mean, I, I, I started to think maybe the American Medical Association own subway. So what? But on the bottom of the tagline, it says subway is a registered trademark of American Medical Association. I'll tell you. I'm going to find out about that because I got a friend that owns two subway franchises and I will find out. All righty. Thanks a lot, Ty. See you. See you. There's four out of five on the credit cards. Now let me ask you this. Would you eat subway? Oh, I have to answer the question. It was a rhetorical question. Okay. Well, it sounded pretty direct. You want to look like Jared or whatever's name? I don't think I could if I tried. Man, he bugs me. Oh, you're right. And then those spots up here because subway is a humongous franchise in Canada. I mean, it's just gigantic up here. And like every 10 seconds, there's Jared on your screen again. Just bugging a crap out of you. Jared, you're my hero. You know, another year has come and gone and hits middle of February already. But a lot of people are still getting their life back together for the new year. And as a result, they want to get everything looking in tip top shape. How do you do that? One of the ways is to call my good piezons, add dry concepts. What a job they do when your carpet stole a brand new. These people will come in without their expensive buying brand, who are covering and make them look like you just had new carpeting laid right on the floor. And there's nothing like it in the laid right on the floor. That's right. They really look and smell just like brand new lemony fresh because they dry clean your carpets, so the only company in the world that does this and believe me, you will seal as see and feel the difference and smell and all these other things. And the same for your carpeting. I mean, for your drapery rather expensive area, you're right and you're a poultry as well. All your good stuff. They make it look just like brand new. And if you have a problem with pent-orders, middle-to-orders, caused by water damage, like a magic wand, they'll wave it right in your room and make it go away in just like brand new. So if you want to get a great deal, always hit a guaranteed written price to the give you before they start to jump. Do what I've been doing to my house for over 20 years. And everybody else with the brain is doing catch on to the secret of dry concepts because they are simply the best in the world. Call them toll-free. They won't let you down. Call 1-800-248-5071-182-4807-1 or log under their website at www.dryconcepts.com. Don't forget what dried concepts you can clean today and entertain tonight. The 5th local V6 is V6. The 3 years old yours. You ain't. There's a buck I smell it. The 3rd. Rectom. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 4rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. One night, no. The 3rd star film. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The 3rd star movie. The… The… The… The… in a portable way they don't care what the guy looks like anyway maybe makes them feel better about themselves if the guy's really grotesque you mean like Ron Jeremy oh sorry Ron that sorry Ron you disgusting fat Harry pig anyway in the realm of the senses did you see this one yeah I never heard of it but I wrote it down language Japanese subtitles in ways in the realm of the senses there's this story of an ex prostitute who becomes involved in an obsessive love affair with a master of the household where she's employed as a servant in the realm of the senses okay hi and linseum is okay she's alive but by the way moth I got your facts excellent I'm impressed that's all I'm gonna say because you said don't say nothing okay well don't ask any questions or got it moth looks fine have a nice day uh dressed to kill somebody says what does it say here uh from Sean not the or not the cryotron from all over the song of the Sean it says uh two always dressed to kill an angel Dickinson that the shower seemed to be getting I what about the scene in the taxi cab didn't they do it in the cab yeah I guess you didn't see dressed again 100 years ago oh come on it was an excellent movie with Michael Kay it was great and Angie Dickinson before she knew Larry King and her body double right and no way out with Kevin Costner it says the sex scene in limo no way out we put that down too but I Kevin Costner was in it oh oh hey he's no biggie roork yeah there's another one right see I get to feel like I don't I'll end uh lincenials says the most the Roddick sex scene she ever saw him who he was in don't look now okay got it down don't look now don't look now my my my my what was the most erotic movie you've ever seen not x-rated nine and a half weeks 46 body heat 43 a- the way battle yes speaking an unhalf weeks and a Mickey work yes basing or said of her uh episode filming that movie with me's well-ven that he smelled really bad he didn't bathe he had bad personal hygiene wow what a surprise can't ovelle so big deal uh velulagoon at least at least he lived up to his building anyway nine and a half weeks 46 body heat 43 velulagoon way in third place way on a SN21 basic instinct 16 last angle in Paris 14 I never saw that must have been highly overrated huh highly overrated and very old ancient lia orchid 14 fatal attraction 13 unfaithful 12 mull-hall and drive 10 now we're talking monsters balls nine summer lovers eight uh two moon cuckermon junction eight postman always comes twice eight wild things eight and summer 42 seven down from their codes got it got it as we're building now see this is the way to do it Carlos unlike the way we did yesterday which which is okay we had almost eight hundred fifty votes unlike that you know but this is better don't you agree yeah as if you had a choice my phone is ringing must be a package on says can you hear my phone ringing in the back no good god that was scary I didn't hear jumped out of the sleep right here in the middle of the show phone is ringing in the other way yeah or maybe it could be uh or could be Ed McMan or it could be Jeff uh calling from the piece a lot hello yes Jeff I'm sorry to hear that you aren't feeling good I was late to hear yeah well you're usually a little bit behind the eight balls that's true are you feeling right now I'm feeling pretty good I'm coming along up Ed I need to at least make it to all the plantation stores doing good you know and yeah yeah need to keep me alive for another few months until I get that thing up to speed and plantation right now I'm healing sunrise and plantation going nearby a bunch of food because he's uh paying these feet and rumors for free I'll leave me hanging dude that uh listen um I need to use you a little bit for you I know what I'm for change how unusual yeah I just got a delivery from city furniture my two little kids got that they put together in the wrong rooms and I can't get through to them on their phone number I was on hold for fifteen minutes and nobody's answering if my kids come home from school and their bats are in the wrong room they're going to be traumatized and never want to go back to city well big girlie guy like you what are you just the move around yourself I sorry they got to be put together and stuff yeah so anyway I was hoping somebody from city furniture my here this and uh call okay I'm gonna call at city furners your Jeff calling from the piece of office pissed off and he's giving you some bad publicity on the air and you would like for him I'd fact as a matter of fact if they could respond so quick to put the beds where they're supposed to be before my get kids get out of school that would be wonderful right and then you might even feed them for free for a while you might realize I already tell her their drivers because I wasn't there just like the rumors unbelievable unbelievable anyway I appreciate you letting you use you once again stay healthy anytime and do some exercise man we talked about it in the past say goodbye Jeff bye Neil okay Jeff come from the piece of office real freeloader but anyway the people at city furniture take care of him because he can be really dangerous you know 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line so we had two which are men this uh like almost personal calls February to yesterday to tell us the Brian series when eight races at Pompano Park on last Saturday night and that this Saturday is the big olicopry final and they have it a big night and he had the two over to one four seven and the six broke and then we had the Jeff calling is now asking for a personal favor about his is a kid's furniture then I feel like we loved and wanted and useful yeah well you know like he said at least he was honest about as long as you're still alive Neil let me use you and I get the plantations through up to speed right let me see if you can't straighten on my furniture problem from city furniture which why not that's what I'm here for I'm here to serve 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T here's Miami hello hi how are you now okay first of all before I tell you the films you would talk about outfit hitchcock before and I think to us someone said rare window is not remade it's a movie I've never seen it but it was remade and actually they had a perfect casting they had Christopher Reeb and they wheelchair oh that's right that thing you're right forget you're absolutely right and I never said I wanted that was another one I never should have been remade no right yeah oh this is a lot of them also before I tell you my films you might have to take off last hang on power if you're saying that not x-rated film yeah I think you're right I think it wasn't that was an x-rated film yeah I hate it first all those people's bubbles and fallen brando but you know that was an x-rated film you're right okay take that off at your place Eric you I thought about that at first and I thought well nobody else anything so I'll just dummy up you know but you're right okay the three did I would like to mention a couple of them walked in on the phone you've already mentioned bound right one just mentioned dressed to kill with which also had Nancy Allen and another film the hunger with her hunger the hunger with Susan Surandon and Kevin Denew on Kevin Denew it it it it it it and David Bowie I saw it yeah it was oh my god listen but he was not really he was not in that erotic scene no I want I wonder who is the richest one in the movie it's your wasn't him actually it was an excellent uh not vampire yeah yes you did yeah good movie yeah so sure okay thanks a lot palie have a great day and back to you funny till noon at five sixty nobody came to list is getting it's just getting bigger that sparing and growing like uh like the jack at a beanstalk you know for years I've been talking about the health benefits of all we might look at a healthy guy like me for example right I keep telling you what huh well if they would send me some of the stuff I'd pop at my push okay at this point I'll take anything and I keep telling you because the stuff really works for a lot of people out there all you might self-jels contain pharmaceutical grade olive oil not just ordinary pedestrian olive oil but super concentrated loaded with health benefits all you might everyday can upreduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol plus there are 14 different oleomid products to choose from each one contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with vitamins and minerals that are both the support specific health needs from bones to blood pressure to your immune system just choose the formulas that are right for you and now we got three brand new formulas from oleomid one to help you sleep one to help you control your weight and coq 10 which trust me when I tell you is very important for your heart my heart's good by the way I got a good squeeze you find only made it publics and records while green soul food markets diverse and donos you can order it online at olio-mentimerica.com for information called tool free one eight six six oleomid and I'll tell you all their different products and where you can one eight six six six six five three six these six thirty three get your oleomid today and start feeling healthier almost right away just taste it just never I'm making it all who's gonna feed we're gonna find out who can't sing and who will hear something that's the thing here's a chance of life on things like I can't even chicken what's his thing hey voters it's a deal I'm making it all it's season two I'm making it all two days a week I'm making it all the sugar can't reach Simon Cowell is a evil chap the others just want to give me him a snap Ryan's secret is all alone down this thing's end up a bit home brand intentions still on board chopping me out of my door for American Idol right now it's cool house a will it I'm gonna have to and if you're going to know I'm gonna get off now go go go I'm gonna watch you striving but I don't like you Simon but I'm about 1145 to five six you have it if you're here's a fast from somebody who sent this a christian bokeh thank you christ your website is a treasure trove and you're right you are the man for this liberal progressive radio send a good no a chronic non-collar christian bokeh who loves you educated degenerate masses please if wanted to tweak the self-righteous raise the state's al Franken-wise and it's the same story again about how the liberals want to put together a radio network no thanks not going back ever to that so-called topical change the world talk radio because they're no market for it liberals are got their like ostriches they have their heads in the sand even like moderates to busy playing kaka in the idea that especially if you're having a stroke i'm gonna like stick my head out there uh let's somebody else do it okay stick it out there yes stick it out when it down stick it out thanks anyway christ but the answer is still absolutely no and you're right about the a website only wish that more and more people would go on your and read our bedtime stories good stuff on air am i right absolutely every color even karlos agrees he's just astonished i mean you know you can find this stuff if you want to sit around and go to like 600 different websites to find it but that's why we put it on our sooner have to do that and also it gives karlos and the aircrews used to a screaming each other did you put the lover with jane march on a list yes you did well that's what it says her on this fact we put the lover with jane march on it was a fight up yet yeah she's really cute really really she can do Frederick march unfortunately how about how march or the eyes of march unfortunately what i don't know if it's that one or another one that she's in with bruised willus uh uh so close to lunchtime too the good news is that i look for that candy wrapper that almond brittle and i couldn't find it so must have thrown it out in the trash damn it well i'll i'll go buy the karlos store the convenience store next time and of course i won't buy one at all but i'll look at the label and see who the manufacturer who makes it because believe me if you like candy oh almond brittle you have never in your life tasted there are two big squares of it needs you a little pack and by the time you get them with that you'll say i'm gonna go back and buy ten or twelve more those damn those are just see that's the problem that's why we're all dying over here because everything now this story about healthy ice cream is on a website which i'm not gonna read it because it's too much bedtime stories to my dreaming but could eating ice cream make you healthier if so it might also make someone rich there is growing interest in adding new new trisodicals foods with medicinal properties to ice cream new trisodicals okay say i'm chocadism sanat getting them in ice cream is relatively easy research you say the trick is to do it in such a way that the finished products still taste like ice cream and not like fish as has happened in some early experiments oh how about for fish food okay natural that might do it there are a lot of people who want to screw up their ice cream says vah robber it's associated professor of food science at Penn State these are the same people will say i eat it because it tastes good i don't eat it because it's good for me well i i mean does anybody really eat anything because it's good for them unless they think it tastes good some i mean i like broccoli which you don't but i don't eat it specifically because it's good for me i did because it's supposed to be good for me and i like the way it tastes they're probably some granola minded people that do that kind of thing oh like you will give him seeded he's been didn't have a lot of good didn't yeah he's still dead here's my any hello hello yes sir yes i want to add a movie to your full sure go ahead okay the movie is jade i can't remember exactly the name of the lady that was in it for a robber carousel co-spart and it as well how old is that movie i think the movie is about i think it came out in about 98 i think because i'm not sure if it's a tune to be my book but i'm looking for there's jam there's Jacob the lion a jade the 1995 so it's eight years old hello and it's starred uh... cast David Cruiso linda ferrentino Richard krenna chas commentary Michael bianne and donna murphy and we got it down thanks thank you you're welcome got it jade got it kade a freed kin back to the uh... oh for this print is so small back to the hackery of the uh... guardian in deed from the prowling camera tour of the baroque oriental sent Francisco mansivir minir's playboy to the creepy coral music and jarring soundtrack this ugly murder thriller pushes close to horror movie territory and he like that i will get the print is too damn small man and his teeny tiny even after hitting my magnification wind blast pretty soon mister is out in old part fifty one for nine and a half weeks it's pulled away again look out body forty four blue lagoon twenty two small potatoes blue lagoon that's what they said about crozzankins and i'm over was not small but they well the water was cold i said what about that what he doing out there anyway here's higher lea hello yeah new yes sir how about show girls show girls yes how about that uh... stripping movie yeah you know that one's your uh... yeah big controversy remember that no Elizabeth Berkeley jenagershahn and now new to the uh... the guy that wrote basic instinct took a lot of heat for it basic uh... a lot of body heat yeah it was that we're going to be there on the weekend in it like a lot of bad movie but a lot of new to the well that's the point with it when i asked you which was a good movie see why do you all about him being june i was on his face you so you put it now it was supposed to be in a rotting movie how's that but it was a scene that was supposed to be a rotting between uh... now i can't think of the i can refund in june alison yeah there you go uh... yeah it was pretty wet if she still alive by the way june alison i think let's see uh... and she sold the pens was that june alison was that somebody who could was what we start bit accuses or selling to pen yeah it was june alison long time ago to some other and if she's still around the pen that's not the other would all of this i below it relaunched less than ten days of the first storage data bases we need to be wireless ready in six months time and finances on board it may be it's june alison for the pen in fact i don't even think it's in here i think it's does i i'm too now listen notice you haven't seen any movies for a long time that's because i always wet my pants remember my love seeing with jimi steward net money strat and fixer okay do you know jene Kelly okay i'm gonna we'll have to find out she's still alive look at up crawler so give you something to be between putting down these fifty thousand movie titles for the most of the rotting movie so hand me in june you say no let's put it on there anyway just uh just the humor these people okay me listen maybe they were extra horny when i saw it okay maybe it did the job for them at that particular moment on that given day okay the thermon by the way umma thermon is she related to imosumac i'll check what is it again ima thermon umma umma thermon umma uge buga five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eighteen t and Verizon wireless line we got your works for the mad dog at one and the humper in the studio four hours he's gonna work up his sweat work off like maybe twenty thirty calories anyway four waterdale hello i think i got two choice one okay he was great adventure oh it's a crazy guy again you're right boy he just ought to control the crazy guy little little little little little yeah okay here's my me hello hey yes sir what's up how are you doing okay I got a couple of movies uh wild things with uh mad villain and they got it okay uh hot body bubble blind the fall of some yeah too okay uh there was one uh against all odds back in the 80s with Jeff Bridges and Rachel Ward there was a scene there at the Mexico and the uh and the uh five the uh tunes what around they were like making okay and uh the lonely girl where i forgot for a name right there there or any of the was up a pony or something the splanctric apple queen yeah and she and they there's a ring scene where they shoved a hole in their inner thing literally a hose they showed a hose in our thing yeah anything okay well thanks very much the little like a little there you go George a hose inner thing yeah five six seven oh five sixty so you got these now show girls against all odds in the lonely girl as well as does not have to 422000 good god so once you put that may make sure you're right one of these movies so once it comes to real time to put on the duct tape and a visc queen you got a lot of good entertainment now's there supplies lots of good panic supplies well who knows this guy's uh uh not case standing out in the guy damn snow that was meeting the middle but you appreciate him all over again when you see him in his uh an egg and cowboy he had five minutes got him on the internet uh on the TV and what and what's his story he said he agreed to that too he plays the guitar in his underwear uh yeah cowboy boots and a cowboy hat and he's the naked cowboy he's famous though you know he plays with a an designer where well that's a pretty original and there's a game oh she's getting blown all over the goddamn place nice going genie for lucky maybe the blow you away with your silly ask crap on CNN certainly not news and they're proven it today 51 for nine and a half weeks 46 for body he 22 blue lagoon based against eight team last thing when Paris was supposed to be off the list Carlos that's an arrogant evil with uh telling him to take that urgent urgent urgent get that off of it it was x-rated get that thing off or not i don't really care unfatial 14 while working 14 fatal attraction 13 wild things 11 that dayman was in uh with the wild thing i don't know if he was at it he bothers me that's what the guy just said only moments ago if you'd have been paying post attention instead of watching reruns a catty lee catty lee and let's see wild things 11 more hull and drive 11 and monsters are balls has got 11 like that so i'm basically still a two horse race it's 1156 it qa s qa s where are it beaded 12 the water or on wq air she responded she played she played she played Well I get this English from her For I should be with her all sitting on But she has no soul, her gaze never on And boy, it seems she slept with whole hockey team Now I get this English from her And I'm not gonna go back, guys I'm not gonna run by ride, I'm She's a stinky, smell of flair But I get this extra money Sure Sure you to believe it's 12.02 at 5.60 WQM our big noon to up to 2 hour Whatever it is, we need to noon noon to 1 hour By the way, tell Vokor Brian, okay okay You'll be very limited, limited supply Most of them are sucked bad by the way I should mention it The guilty one is great and the way he rips But other than that, the rest of him Blow The Michael Jackson stuff, I just, you know, I can't deal with it He's not attached with reality as if he's a renybulton He's not attached with reality, he's churned our fantasy property And what he's doing is dangerous Says the star Vertic, bad Sad, mad and bad Or the three columns here Michael Jackson thinks he's showing his love for children By sleeping with him the same bed But this is a terrible act that could scar child for life What he's doing with children is inherently dangerous And horribly wrong says J. Hall A nationally known crime victims attorney from Jacksonville And the author of state and federal statutes Concerning child abuse Jackson isn't breaking the law by climbing into bed with the child His owner somebody else's But it's just totally irresponsible he says What kind of responsible adult would allow his kids to sleep For the 44 year old man And what kind of normal responsible male adult One of us sleeping over the child I'd be surprised that child protection groups are not looking into this And by the way, I'm sure they are There's to think they are It's very innocent it's it's charming I talk to me They're taking a peek in the way He says we all ought to be doing that He says everybody ought to be sick when children Michael, everybody So thank God that we have Michael back to Let's see here's one This is cute for get your subway died J. Hall This is great I make Donald's head This is for get your subway died J. Hall is a pussy I love that It's great Thank you John Whoever you are That's fantastic John the bass player and Tommy's band Oh I see Good old Tommy With the band the haircut Who's in a band That's a bad boy Frankly Tommy had to bear her cut Bad hair could be frozen Right Here's one is just how about the cover of night with Bruce Willis Oh how come all these movies have the one he was talking about They heard me So we put in the amir or not Whatever Color of night why not we got 50,000 Otherwise why not why not just put in a movie It's never been made How about the movie You got the movie They're just a movie Hard vark to a How about steamboat willy Mickey got a bang out of it Let's see Color of night there's a pool scene where a little Bruce makes an appearance I don't want to see What was the movie I was talking about Kevin Bacon I would have a naked scene Bacon naked Bacon naked He was a little Kevin hanging out What else happened besides that What does this mean? How about the managed all right bit Care to play it? What does that mean? They turn about managed I don't know what that means Okay, but I do like the McDonald's one That's great Forget your subway diet Jurits of pussy Love it Oh right 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T And Verizon Martial Sline Here's a lady in Miami Hello Hello Yes, man Yeah, if I have a movie Before you try and upload with Kathleen Turner and Anthony Perkins Okay And he was a lady in the 80's The Zarr movie With Anthony Perkins Yes And he involved in the erotic scene Yeah, he used to watch He would look like a through P-Pull But he shows And she was he was a minister Uh, I saw that I see that Yeah, the Zarr movie Very far That was trying to blue Yeah I'm not a name of it No No, no, I'm a permanent That was her name in the movie Crime, crime, crime, crime, crime Crime, crime, crime, crime That was the one That was the one He was a minister And he had the razor dildo Right Yes I saw that And he had the She was an architect There was a very big one Crime, the light Let's solve this right now We got a little contra time Going on here Was called crimes of pension Crime, crime, crime, crime, crime That was a pain Anthony Perkins John Lawson, Annie Pots Bruce Davidson Who lost his rats in Willard And the John Scanlan Crime, sir That's fine That's fine What kind of blue of the China Blue of these Began with a sea Well, I'll have a close Right Thanks, Ryan Thank you See you See there you go You're a nitpicking again And how to see it As in sea this That was her name And the movie The characters name Crime, the passion Very good I saw that That was the bizarre Of course, Anthony Perkins Was always in bizarre movies No How's Tab Hunter doing? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 Pound 5, 60 On a AT&T And Verizon Wireless Line You're not spreading those stories About 800 And Anthony Perkins again, are you? No, no You're not us Here's my any, hello So boring No, there he is again Let's hear it He's back again Three hours and six minutes later And he's still there He's still bored And he's right here's boring God is he boring Just in it Just a ton of his voice could put you into a coma God is he unbelievable Or what I believe it Yeah Every minute of every day Whether on there, whether the George is there Carlos could do the show needs Still be there Maybe that'll be tomorrow Let me call us do the show tomorrow Where you going Carlos? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 Pound 5, 60 On a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line Here's my any, hello Amy, what are you doing? Okay I got a movie for you But I'm not sure the name of it But you see, it wasn't a June lock art That was in Lathy Yeah Oh, I understand June Allison Excuse me, you're I know there was something wrong, Mary, yeah Excuse us, June Allison's busy piano over the place And it was my movie I'm not positive of the name Maybe George could help It was, I think Crash Be people that get off Looking at car wreck Oh yeah, we talked about there today And the bizarre was that in a rotting movie Pretty much Yeah, all there was a lot to sex going on There was in the middle of it And it was a little bit of a package Well, when it doubts, stick it on there Crash, thank you sir Thank you Okay, keep your eyes on a road 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 On a AT&T So June a lock cart And I'm doing June Allison Voice of good thing he called How could you do that? Stroke I don't know I don't know for my June Allison Was it June lock art lost in space? Yeah And Lathy, that's right With Tommy, whatever his name was I don't know I don't care June lock cart was lost in space And Lathy, June Allison was an actress She was married to Dick Powell About 100 years ago She's got to be dead She was older than a thusla Don't know from June Allison I mean, I remember the Depends that Here's for a lot of day, hello Yeah What about wild and hard Or sound the same Wild and hard Wild and hard Wild at heart David Lynch movie A wild and hard I think he said wild and hard Wild and hard Wild and hard And some are sounds Spike Lee Okay, God, thank you Got those? Got them? Didn't see some of Sam, do you see them? Some are of Sam Yeah, was it some are of Sam? Yes Or what does that? Spike Lee taught Oh, I'm when he just said that Well, what was the about the sound the same? Yes, it was But they were telling us about you saying And you were like give me a bunch of crap Cause I said it was about the sound the same Okay, so here's the list It'll take me to three o'clock to read the What kind of a list is this? I think that guy was a little bit right We got carried away today, you know? Then we get a little carried away? Ah, whatever Boy, boy, poor Eric Carlos is really upset that he's having an unload Are we keeping it? How are we doing this? How are we doing? What? Now, there was are we adding the new ones on As we go along or how we're doing Like emailing Eric periodically As we say him, he's emailing him periodically Yes This was a side monthly thing, I think 357 votes And we still got a whole bunch more names to go on Maybe I'll just read the last page, okay? Henry and Jun, no way out dressed to kill Don't look now In the realm of the senses, the hunger, the lover, jade Showgirls against all odds, the lonely girl, color of night Crimes of passion, which was really strange Crash, wild and heart, and summer of Sam Spike Lee Got those? Got them, good Boy, this is like I said yesterday, quite a project, you know? A gigantic undertaking Coconut Creek, hello Oh, hello, hello, hey, they all are doing Okay, sorry, we're eating lunch No problem Hey, real quick, double will be someone When they were kind of straight to videos The IV series, couple with Drew Bimon with the Wismarano Are you gale, sorry, postman We got poison IV Opposition IV, okay Postman always rings twice Got it Crul and Pendants Got it, huh? Yeah, who is that movie we're listed by name, Mickey Rock Got it Damn, we're not caveman, we're not rock out Welsh She didn't see much, but she's good to look at If you keep reaching your funds I don't know If you keep reaching, and anybody with prison chicken it We'll put the caveman in the bag Just to make you feel better, quote why do you be high Put down caveman to redeem I got it, but I can feel like his life is equal to our I have to get down to first 4000 on the list, it's kind of hard not to duplicate So the pressure's all off us, it's on them now And it will take us like 20-30 minutes to verify To make sure we don't already have it Is last angle I'm perched to line here, look at that Carlos He is there He emailed there, can now we go Oh, I still see last angle in Paris on there with 15 votes No, you don't The hell I don't? Your stroke, it's not on there Okay, my imagination 9.5.6, the body heat 48, blue lagoon 26 Basic instincts 18, and that one at dawn is got 15 No, I'm talking about no, you used to be on there It's not anymore You know, a big lizard hit the northeast is wick as if you didn't already Know and all the presidents day sales were snowed out When and out they got snowed out Because of the storm, telematrics has redirected major shipments as sealy Surtah, simins of Kingcral macrors as de Florida And now if you sundae you can get even more savings than ordinary Call 1-800-MATT-RES right now You'll save like never before Through Sunday only, telematrics is having a president-state blizzard sale And offering an additional 10% off in their everyday already low rock bottom prices Telematrics doesn't usually have sales But because of the blizzard they're having one right now But time is short if you've been putting off by a new macrors Don't wait another second call 1-800-MATT-RES now And of course you'll have 30 days to try it on your home With the best company exchange policy in the world If you need an exchange you can do so any time Move within that 30-800-MATT-RES You'll have 30-800-MATT-RES in the world And when you buy from telematrics they'll come in Your house take away the crappy old bedding Set up the new one for you for free You heard me right Telematrics sets up the new one takes away the old bedding for free So make to call now 1-800-MATT-RES For telematrics and enjoy a great night sleep It's the telematrics huge humongous unbeatable blizzard sale But be sure and call before this Sunday to take advantage of these unbelievable prices 1-800-MATT-RES That's 1-800-MATrics for telematrics the answer for a perfect night sleep Why in local years for radio 560-U.A.M. This is Randy West And as for our phone conversation I talked to Peter North the other day He tells me your real name is Neil Down And he's still an interesting real American Holes We salute you Mr. Dance by your self-guide You think she's dancing with you Then she robs another man's crotch And a stiffest Most men would leave the floor with their heads hung low But not you You feel the rhythm in your soul And the peach snubs coursing through your vein Sure People are looking at you Judging you, wishing you were dead But you don't care You just do a spin move and partyar What you get down, watch him get down Finally, you make your move Only to find out that her boyfriend did time And enjoy it So we salute you Mr. Dance by yourself guy You're broken jaw Your ambulance driver And your parachute pants You are a real American F***hole What are you trying to say? As old 1217 at 560 WCM Dark Tide You just facts me this Yeah Starring Brigitte Pardo Brigitte What does that say? Backo Backo Balco I don't know who that is Well whatever it hell it says Don't ever try to make heads or tails Or what they write A great tattoo Is that the name of a movie or is that the I think it's all about tattoo I'm very important The subsequent page Is the movie tattoo So I think that's what they're talking about Oh I see tattoo Starring Bruce Dern Right And more items And what about it? It's erotic I guess tattoo There's a sexy in it She gets nice 1981, oh you seen it? Yeah Well then we are Why are we wasting all this time discussing it? And here's the thing about June Allison is 85 And she's still alive Oh I didn't like that They hit her with nine bags and she's still alive For June Allison she's still ping her brains out Also Phil and Carl Spirong says Can't believe anyone no one mentioned it Where it's his hands yesterday For most bizarre movie Didn't see it I just saw any death movie Where they made him into a freak I never understand that I hope they put that under a boring Rather than bizarre Yeah It was really boring movie If you never stood next to him Even though he may not be if you were persuasion But if you never stood right next to him And seeing just what a Phenomer looking young man he was Why did they do that? Why did every movie he was in Just about he had to be a freak What was that about? He's the haven't seen Donnie Brasco I mean I can understand Like Lon Shaney Jr He always played like the wolf man Okay because he was a freaky looking guy Right or Boris Carl off Or Bella Gosey But anyway he made a few bucks He's okay Bella? How's River Phoenix? Wasn't he a Johnny Depser Join out there in LA? When he got to Wayne died Is that where he was? I think so And Bar I think was Johnny Depser Maybe not Maybe somebody else I think was Johnny Depser Anyway nobody mentioned it Which is your hands sorry Phil and two mouths and is still alive Not only did we got that But we also discovered that last summer June 20th to 22th She appeared at the Twenty-seven annual Judy Garland Festival And Grand Rapids Minnesota Which I never even knew there was one With Margaret O'Brien Mickey Rooney And the lovely June Allison That is incredible So what we got we got to head to one Here now Yeah We've got 61 by the way I'm going to tell you right now We will not go over 100 on the pool That would be unfair to Carlos to Eric To all the ships and see you go over 100 names on there Wouldn't it? Yeah that would be awful And the good news is lastengeline Paris This is gone Did you make a phone call and start up again? I didn't Carlos never Good Don't do it again Here's Bokeh Bokeh Oh yes sir Hey Dale I think I got one that I haven't heard you say And it's when Harry Mazzelli When Harry Mazzelli was erotic Yeah That's yours Was it erotic yours? There was actually any sex in that movie Yeah There was Besides the rest-pronoun scene where she pretended to have an orgasm Yeah That was one part Okay thanks When Harry now Oh what was the movie where what's your name? Sure limit claim was doing herself on a bed While a guy was crawling around on a floor That was a very funny That was not reading there with Peter Salars That was funny movie Yeah What is this when When Schmendrick Mazzelli Yeah Please I must object Okay I'm crossing now Guys drive Palma and he says no he says he must be a lot more desperate than he's ever been 560560 Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Line Here's have unsure hello Yes Most of the Tsar moves I've never seen I don't think was mentioned as Clockwork Orange Ah Ha ha ha ha ha ha I'm done Oh Wow that was excellent so I can't well he's an adventurer okay's over the age of 142 well bizarre movies was yesterday we're doing a radical movies today number one and number two uh... clock warrants was mentioned what about fifty times just at least and we both agree that it was uh... it was different but it wasn't bizarre and this is like uh... bizarre as bizarre when we well bizarre when you see it you know it we know what you meant right clock warrants my ass well it was another Malcolm of down movie that was just on the other day and i forgot what that was too so damn many movies and sold a little time what uh... was happening i don't know that's pretty well seen all of it or he was uh... he was uh... guy would glasses and he would went in a time machine yeah all of the very uh... steam virgin was in that i didn't see it long enough to find out he went in a time machine and he went back to try to change something he couldn't do it and so they went in the future got it i saw it i forget the name of it yeah we're in time something like that he's been acting on the american always good for a brit twenty two past two five sixty w q a m here's my m he hello you yes sir yeah i'm calling a party yesterday i'm sorry i got one natural bar and killing bizarre did we just go to type war yeah with the american all of that there's games there and over there how you doing Jimmy was that song he had James Darren that that which one i'm off to join the circus what that was the name of that book of ryan would know well i would buy cruel world see if you sing it out goodbye cruel world off to join the circus James Darren he was no bobby Darren but he was also in at one of those time and they are who else was in a time time on the movie who i think was called journey to the center of the earth pat boon that's right that was a time tunnel movie but back when he was young and how he had a pretty good before we came a real fanatical born again might win christian and then before he also gave that up so he could become like a real hippie and uh... that makes some cash was he playing the duck yeah thanks all here's my any hello hello near yes sir how about a zero boys what is it zero like like uh... nothing zero boys see it all like uh... like uh... and we can't see it all boys yeah what is that from all the about this guy's like uh... like the start i don't remember it to well but pretty good was it ironic or just bizarre okay that's it again and it's you got to expect where we were yesterday again i'll tell you what let's do the thing that we did last Friday what was it on that's right there wasn't any pool let's do that okay see the god this crowd man i've been the drug's musters ship and i got up there too soon the real good stuff muster come out right after i left it did over the weekend i think so i think he just it hasn't reached you yet talk to Tommy about he can probably hook him up to outside and wait for the truck to roll in talk to zoltan about it where would he work on these days think probably hook up five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line throw rosley along a one-tay about how he feels sorry for guilty how poor girl he's getting screwed over real bad and at morning show at how guilty is winding everybody in town hey hey what am i gonna do yeah about the bad ratings and stuff he was gonna talk about that between one and three today when you think unsure because he was gellies mentor as i told you before the show that i forgot all that had vanished i guess maybe when i had the stroke it came back the fact that uh... Joe Rose was always gillies uh... taking him under his wing and so when they used to have the first team and it were like three guys and it was always like two against one which it is going to be unanimous or two against one i'm gonna how you slice it right because always your rosin gildy against poor default i think that's what push default over the edge you know what i think that's why he did that deal with the audience not necessarily let's blame Joe Rose for what you say all right sure why not you don't it Joe you pushed poor default at the edge that's why i had to walk around with an ankle bracelet on all the time because of you because i was sticking up for that whiny uh... wippy gildy i think gildy's getting exactly way deserves man it's chance to be a real suckle and do a hell of a job by the way here's peberg pine hello hello deal yes sir yes uh... i am curious yellow really remember i remember the name but i think i've received it yeah how about uh... that was erotic or it definitely was very sexual it was banned in about 14 states well that the qualified for all this then it was it was it was it was pre-radings i think probably still banned in sunrise probably how about clout food k l u t yeah remember i think i saw that what i was pretty hot that was the hot movie okay was about a prostitute well in a case we got it okay thank you sir you're welcome and have a great day happy uh... james Madison day too even it's a little bit late what was he saying about curious yellow he said it was uh... hot you don't agree i don't i don't i don't i never heard of it you never heard of i am curious yellow uh... this how many pages are in this god damn book good god over a fifteen hundred do you know what this thing weighs oh i think i just had a uh... something let's go rupture now what am i looking for i am very sure you know yellow here's what it says i'm an insufferable asshole George uh... i d i bought a vampire motorcycle that's the name of the movie i am a camera i am cuba oh so i want oh here's a movie that Miguel would enjoy finally so i cuba a ru-russ-o-cuban tribute to the victorious revolution against the uh... the regime the monista propaganda oh my god with mother cuba as the heroine and the cuba masses as the hero all i could puk how much a highman rock would be to have a sea of the whole time for here is a luxurious yellow and it's uh... was a foreign movie was like a Swedish movie i guess here uh... because god he has Swedish name so i guess must be a Swedish movie sexual fantasies variable for sixty seven it's a theoretical taken such liberal precept as uh... nonviolence insure that in its time to picture you flag from all quarters well that's kind of movie we like right a lot of flag i wonder for birders saying the theme twenty seven past noon that was in uh... planis dee for me when she's saying uh... right the first time ever i saw your post yet that's right that was a new and there's another song that had no business being remade anybody that read does a bird of flag in the first time ever i saw your face we're going to beat the crap are them throw their body in a dumpster and put it out in the snow hey guys size makes a big difference in where your whole life goes because the court of the florida department labor computer professionals have bigger ones than most of you when we're talking about their paycheck according to the state of florida the prestigious state of florida computer careers among the very highest paid and still in highest demand the demand is growing every minute past drink and up you achieve that new high-pink computer career just foreshored months they've got locations all over town for you during candle i am a four-lot of the land-pumbered pines with the evening and weekend schedules there's no excuse to stay the dead and job so color good piezons at fast train and ask all the questions you want because there'll be the lyrics to give you the answers call eight six fast train that's one eight six fast train they got full-time job placement and guaranteed financing to call fast train tool free one eight six fast train or check them out of the web at fast train dot com and now you can have a big impressive one two this is four-tradio five six two eight and tarnished with the sewer of this place five my arm like a ranic now he map a laco one. I got veins on my nose nobody knows that under my glows I went panty horse but that don't mean that I'm gay if you think my arms have had you on a sea my legs I might as long people smoozing shape the show little glass the next time I'm raping him. I could vote the was urgent but that gives me this shivers I wouldn't want the walk I wouldn't like your rivers. Where am I? I might have loved each the fat little free as in a month's tape but now we can't afford to meet the reason I dismissed that stick and fat past them as they got she wouldn't shut up any can't play canesia. I saw the program and I thought about it but he took from my rap I wrapped in your talk. Look at me I'm hit hit I ain't no square I'm a thing don't get me man I'm really dare. I buy her any when I want I don't care especially if they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair I got by and myself it even happens to the greens. Westwood once said you get out of here we break your legs so now I sit by the bull life since good as it gets with my pallid and cartel placing bits of the jails. Powered by powered by said I kiss nobody's handsome powered by. I'll be sure that the screw gets when I get the jails but the cleavage aren't ready with my line green pants. I won't hesitate. Kelly calling a plate. It was just a little thought so what I love to stay. I think that's funny on a knuckle sandwich buddy I can do what I want because the management loves me. Didn't tell you something moaf something you ought to know but along this time I wanted you to be my home. Who am I type now to ask Kate Puckro to help you still for not take over did you benefit well All three 45 sixty W. m. Col Bä Puyer. HOCRЕG AS PUde But Magnificent uh... here's the fact says no your show how about number one well less get to number two lollipop we already got that on there and number one the graduate for erotic movies i didn't think the graduate was even mildly erotic did you know uh... i mean and bankrupt industible i mean we love and bankrupt but and we love dustin hoppies okay although the president or like a much lately but uh... not a lot this one for a second i went first saw this i thought are we going back to another pool like what businesses are out of business that you miss so bad because it's like white castle but it says a can't believe no one's mentioned white castle my favorite Susan surrounded movie about your nose do you know i know it's a lot of sex with her and james fader oh james fader fader yeah or james screw it later that to write down the picture floor he later write their own kids in florid white castle get that on their way with all the apologies to our friend of rock castle by an Arnold and hundred twenty fifty-fourth was seven of the minute in or date thank you wait and for sure must what i'll have to know when you know if you guys go ahead and get food in there no we're good you wait till i'm back wait till i get back so that give me other attack i understand and then the man here's uh... my name hello yes sir i got three map game but the truth and i think uh... that's a crazy guy again here's how they would hello hey would you love the baby my name hello any hi don't okay i got two for the whole uh... one uh... what it was one of both their part i think with our band the she her entire adventure with the and then uh... about and manic city there was one two's mother for and one on the board of the city was to the dot yeah that's really bizarre movie or he back to bizarre movies again okay heartland heartland is that what he said what was the first one that he said i don't know what was bad so i put it out of my head okay cross-mallow he's i think he's still doing bizarre which i think this is the uh... bizarre student one hour so must be bizarre right three in a row five six seven five sixty pound five sixty the crazy guys are coming on glued he's becoming a millennia who else is going to be on glued who's on because it's already two day little jerry you know with the squee little writing uh... because he knows that you're a christenmy the faxes has he said he had he probably not got to be very frustrated in fact maybe little chronic jerry maybe he's the crazy guy when you come right down with stuff i think that would make a lot of ever seen the two of them together no no here's four lot of deal hello hello me oh yes i've got two for you one on the desire side to touch the fried movie and on the erotic side the one that madonna did uh... was it just a final lover okay thanks over to why are they still doing uh... bizarre why are we doing that i don't know because it's the piss me off see if they give you another stroke before one clock they're working on it why we're not doing bizarre that was yesterday we have to draw the line we draw the line you understand just like we draw the line at nine what is that under by the way isn't here is that not i don't know now see come over to bring come get with it okay he's a great his tit did he i got a package downstairs so that maybe it's because i went out there and check my message during break yeah and there's a package downstairs which means either it's another one of those cd's either from him or somebody else or maybe a more than one or it's ten million dollar small bills from edmig man don't they bring a giant check and you'll discover the answer to which one of these two it was tomorrow morning at nine as to whether i'm here or not follow him saying let's see if we can break the streak want to give it a shot here is the four lotterdale hello four lotterdale as we go for four in a row and we succeeded all right my name is hello they knew yes sir i got a couple but they both might have been rated x when they came out uh... they're cowboy uh... that was rated x in the beginning you have a bit of a delay with that can be on here because it wasn't there was not uh... rated x later on it was really right it was really something was it or i don't know if the time is checking out and i want to do it was about right i think it was really for that being next maybe it was a one is and i'm very about the title i spit on your grave i should be on your grave yeah that's a dramatic movie rape and then revenge exactly that's the one okay thanks maybe he's been listed them all okay maybe i thought that the guy got his penis cut off in the bathtub that that was really erotic and how about the rapes in gang rape is funny see so i've heard okay well so when i put no doubt i'm in my cowboy they can put on her because it was ex in the very beginning and then later on they discovered that doesn't hopman aka rato was so ugly that there could nothing be nothing about it about that even though john point was a hustler in the settlement so i it was too much factory in there first thing that's the reason was really that he erotic if it uh... had factory in it oh that's a good point twenty to one and five sixty wq and nobody said cruising with the al Pacino thank goodness it the low point of his career i tell you one thing you'd low point of uh... of the beast weight has been like last one was he in friday yes he's lost fifty one pounds and balance for life and i guarantee you i promise you that if we have to chain into the wall if we have to do like our own liposuction with her with a uh... with that thing we got over there on i against the wall at uh... what is it what are we got that they go j thing that the cleave all the machetti them and them a chitty yeah we have to do that take it to him he'll be under two hundred pounds balance for life is what he's doing and we can do the same for you see i try to tell and try to balance for life don't put japh high on this thing no put fap will enter which he tried for a couple weeks then it worked off was it embarrassing is held out of course because he's hopeless we just written him off but for those of us who still have a chance who still would like to stay alive would like to be able to walk without ass assistance uh... this is the answer for because it's simple it's easy and you know how difficult it is when you go to supermarket and what am i gonna buy what can i get now with balance for life there's no counting a calories no counting of anything no cooking no shopping no cleaning no worries you just pick up your little black sack where right outside you do a six o'clock every morning and there's all your food for the entire day the only choice you have to make is that the little menu they give you choose between two alternatives for each of the meals on every day you're on a program and that's it and the food is delicious three fresh gourmet meal two delicious next right in your black sack and that's all you need all day and the weight will just poor off your body will be full because there's plenty of food to keep you going all day in there and it's all based on the zonedi'd which is very effective and watches them uh... makes the uh... wait just melt off your body i'm getting tongue-tied just thinking about it so let balance for life helping it to be a human size and in better health that's the most important part call balance for life today at nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine i'm really getting time time because i'm thinking about the beast and it's had ways of hundred and ten pounds nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check out their website at balance for life dot com my my and all this is for tri-alphi sixty four two eight and radians done as dirt and now it's time for leave it to azi starring barbillion's lee as June cleaver cubo man as ward cleaver and the irrepressible azia's board as the eyes oh good morning azia oh f*** you mom oh dear i can see someone woke up on the wrong side of the band oh so bloody hell probably i must be a head hurt well f***ing sheriff sheriff who's Sharon is not one of your friends from school dear like good morning azia f*** you that get out of my face now azia let's know wait i talked here father say son what have you got planned for today or you may worry about what we're going to plan for today what oh no just one of the principles of dog himself to hand out a f***ing titler and then yeah i'm gonna go fight the head of a boss at any husk o i was that uh you have fun now okay i think yeah yeah sure one or go f***ing so we hope you enjoyed this episode of lee the two azi tune in next week when you hear azi say f***ing out of your f***ing titler excuse me at five sixty w q a that i step on one of his uh yeah i don't know sorry about that azi you might just do it or maybe the uh very bunch of show again or donny and Marie i was that you now center for a sender sender was for what i'm sorry uh so what do we got we have i want to give you the list of the ones that don't have any votes i mean i don't have wishes on top it's strictly a tourist race it's not the most bizarre anymore that was yesterday it's not which floor to business to miss most of it on a business it's not which president had hemorrhids what was the most erotic not ex-rated movie ever seen nine and have we sixty seven body heat fifty eight everybody else small potatoes including George but the ones that have zero this is interesting because why do they do this out of sight video drum sliver against all odds don't look now dressed to kill Henry and June in the realm of the senses no way out showgirls paradise the low legal the lover color of night crash dark tide i'm curious yellow uh clout one minute years bc where did i come from did i put that down that's the caveman movie that the guy was talking about oh tell well summer of sam tattoo white castle and wilder art all these like uh 20 of my least have the big oh nothing i mean realizes a long way to go to tomorrow morning but it's not kind of shocking to you no that they continue calling these in this is the problem that's what happens when you want to call it fifteen or twenty or thirty and say oh by the way four of more free yesterday's poll news that you say that that big at the beginning call up a name all of the movies that you can think of that have nudity or where people touch each other yeah that's it or they thought about doing it would have been good or talked about it here's my me hello i'm going on okay oh yes sir is this me it sounds just like you hey uh that lies in the oh James spader yeah oh come on George yes he don't like James spader but what was the lot about that nothing erotic happened to that well if you're if you're not a boy this if my dog gets your leave it's right this guy's a boy when exhibition isn't he like you're not going to be talking about anything to see have a great day sure all that George crap on your parade okay he does it all the time sex lies in video tape he like to the cranked his chain put it down we're putting it down i'm not going with him but don't be knocking at guy just because he happens to be desperate maybe got a thing for James spader i don't know he must now what was that movie i kept on your butt uh and where i came i can't who reads movie also a James spader what was that was that erotic i don't think so i think he would do any other what do you know that piano he likes he swings it all direction oh let's do uh pinecrisis hello hello yes sir no but i'll see you back in action buddy thank you so much how about do do do delivering yeah how about it uh huh i've already had that it was it was amusing the first time but this time was kind of like a little on a week side you know i'm saying when you say it was just a little we'll little but it wasn't a hello movie i'll say that back on bird Reynolds wasn't we're in a stupid hairpiece was he wearing a hairpiece that movie you're not i don't know it's hard to tell but that's an expert give me the expert on hairpieces right somebody who would know i don't think he would know about other people's hairpieces i takes one i don't want to see he don't want to tie i don't you have gate art doesn't that well now back the information okay mode that's the way he is he's a hard ass oh by the way don't forget your rosable long one to talk about how he's been protecting guilty all these years here's open park hello open park there's a real a do okay are you guys a mission a good one uh down got it yes got it we got it like a long time ago but you made out of enlistin which you can see George comes right back sarcastic that was George's thing man you probably interested at that time and you're entitled but we do have it on a list okay thanks a bunch thank you say you have to be sarcastic with us guys no one of the hate you like poison nice to people like me come on a be nice don't be called people or assholes and chop it them off and things like that be nice to him even at the crazy guy be nice to him a little bit you asshole the god would he eyes be nice to him he might uh someday come and handy for you oh and you wait and for what and Gilbert be nice to go what we'll have a big party in all and by the moment in fact maybe Gilbert and the god would he eyes and the god with a fanny pack and coming and hang out outside with freaky carlos someday only if they bring jack with the hands I think that's a madman purgatory right there or you jack with a hands that goofy guy that would be good all those people if you want to win you doesn't do those personal appearances anywhere I think we just gave you like the first clue okay the first hint 251 at five 16 or what time Brady's got what he's eyes all the other obvious things he's got a ballspot I had no idea which goes to sure that nobody's perfect even somebody is lovely his time Brady he's got a ballspot that's growing in fact I would be surprised to be long he'll be going to see my good buddy Chuck Alphiari if I next time that I meet up with Tom Brady I'm gonna say hey Tommy is I've had him on the back put my hand on his knee Tommy I got some good advice for it go see the best hair guy in the world who make you look beautiful even more than you already do Chuck Alphiari his natural airline system is the best technology going anywhere which is why it looks like the real thing but choice is yours you can have that same Donaldson look for that more how our David look that's silly ass look where people are laughing their ass off actually because it's so obvious it's like a dead animal thought in your head it's not the real thing or Charlie's natural airlines just in that looks like the hair is growing right on your scalp that's a different simple as that and then they got the guys with the dangerous pills the guys don't want to drill holes in your head and the blood is dripping down your forehead forget about those things Charlie gives that 30 degree guarantee too you got nothing lose but the ballspot because if after 30 days you don't love the way it looks and feels if you're not getting late at least 10 15 times a day Charlie gives you a full refund no questions act and be sure mention he arises you can actually do 200 bucks off of regular price too when you call it Charles Alphiari studios and get your hair back for once and for so look better any younger than you ever thought you would again 1 800 3 to 1 24 13 1 800 3 to 1 24 13 or check them out on the web at Charles Alphiari.com I like the weeweets but I on CBS there's a brand new CSI spin off that really air rocks CSI fan dad. CBS fanty is forensic franchise investigates the one homicide nobody on predator that's going to care about. So this must be the victim. Yep. Let's see a racking mail early 60s big piccrice must dash wearing green military fatigues. Yes he's dead all right. Yep he's dead. Okay. You want to go wrap a cup of coffee? Yeah. Sure. That's great. CSI back dad who brought out the world's most feared dictator who perpetrated this deadly act ever then who who cares. What are you going to do find who killed to them? Yeah. Yeah. Uh haji uh we're going to get right on it. What am I going to tell you is not the ones. Hello everyone. Oh that's good. That is funny you're a funny guy. Oh thank you. That's tonight on a brand new episode of CSI Baghdad right after no sir my vareroch only on CBS. I'd have played this one more time and he'd feel good. If you can't find the sum of all my racking if the markets are a drama bomb or rag. Oh get the terror risk or press me Pakistan is hosting 50 North Korea history bomb or rag. If we have no while I'd read this one or rag. Okay. If we think that's a much business bomb or rag. So to hell with the inspection, let's put up for me. Elections closure mind and things all the dirt. Oh 2560 WVQ swollen a gonna take it over this pool maybe what was the most erotic Now they finally what the poll is today or they still working on the race or head I think that's the winner racer I didn't do as well as you thought yesterday Didn't know a lot of people didn't see that movie and then that's a good thing Yeah, maybe that's excellent for the human race. It's a good sign of why a lot of us are still here is the fact that we did not see your racer head The most erotic movie not x-ray to the you ever seen I Don't have weeks 69 Did I make that up? No, and you look at that and what does say? 69 Heat 61 Lula goon 29 Basic instinct 23 while work at 19 while things 19 monsters ball 16 On faithful 16 fatal attraction 15 while Helen drive only 13 now you have to see that again from the very beginning yes I did In fact, I'm sure because it was one of my movie channels if I go and check this schedule, which I'll do in a minute It's probably gonna be on again soon because I didn't see it right from the very beginning I'll be around that I have my 50 keys to understanding what it's all about Maybe I'll look at us the postment always rings twice 12 already And you were pooping that like what's that? Some are lovers 10 two moon junction 10 and the rest kind like in the George County race small potatoes So this was okay for me this worked out well on tomorrow. We're gonna do the 50 favorite dead actors through they will do the 50 favorite dead actresses. Okay, and then Friday will do the 50 favorite talk show host Speaking of interesting people Joe roses coming along next to the madau. We got Hank old Brigadier 3 We got the Panther game on QAM Panthers of Canadians. We got the UM game on Wastien We're just all over the gameplay So the types mocha thinks that this thought of you respond in what a loser