Thank you for listening to this. Oh, I am unlawfully. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleading And told me, well, I can't afford you, no care in today. Oh, I'm not a stranger, I'm a stranger, I'm a stranger. Oh, I'm a stranger. You can't get away from me, you can't get away from me. You can't get away from me, you can't get away from me. You can't get away from me, you can't get away from me. I can't get away from you, you can't get away from me. You can't get away from me, you can't get away from me. You can't get away from me, you can't get away from me. I find the rainy morning taught me cake and place гол up the Records Howl and Clay And find the rainbow delving styles in the way, it's even better when they get yourue Chocolate on the end. Oh, yeah, my nottangis in the wrong version. Here goes you baby of só, we shall motherf*** you the baby of só. The crew will be lucky. My old two, at 560 WCM happy Monday too. These stories are the big story of the week. Nothing will touch this, okay? You got yourself trapped in? I'm locked in loaded. And I'll tell you even about it yet. The crispy cream empire continues its march through Palm Beach County. The company plans to open its first Dota chop in, and give it a clue. Yeah. A ride. His move is wasted. A little of the little seat people here. It's real real easy. And that's what I like about the other day. Oh yeah. Thank you, Reddle. Welcome to my friends Dota chop in Boca, Chris B. Cream franchisee Jim Cousin Tino said. He plans to open a store at the North East corner of Palm Metapark Road and I 95 in the old Peaches record store. But that's really sad, you know what? Right. All those peaches going down the toilet. And what did I tell you? The final nail in the coffin was when the four-lot of the old peaches there on sunrise, when that went. Right. I still don't believe it. I got to see it for myself. I just drove right by it. What is it? It's empty. Is this empty? Still. Oh man, if that isn't like a sign, right there is a sign is to what's happened to South Florida. It's like everybody just bailed out. What it'd out? They bailed out. Anyway, this is a crispy cream store. Be about 3600 square feet with white tin here. This a 24-hour drive through. And it can keep you with the M.Y. and Hell 9. You can get a dozen. That's a drive through and get out there on a highway and be just as when your blood sugar gets up to about 600. Just as stone and just as in co-haired, as most of the other people drive it. Of course you should get two dozen. A box to eat on the way. And then a box for when you get there. Right. And then a box for after you pass out. But that's a different kind of bond. Right. And it keeps with other South Florida crispy cream stores. It'll be kosher too. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Hands at a star construction. Oh, that must be where Robert Greeper went. We're wondering why he wasn't there today. He must be waiting for the kosher. Don't let's get crispy cream. Right. That's what I've just do holiday today. Plans are to start construction at the end of October with a star stored on by the spring. The move will be welcome news to fans of the hot glazed treat for years Palm Beach County fans suffered without easy access to their beloved confection. But now crispy cream is on a roll to expand its South Florida presence. To a joint venture that consists of kosher and T.O. Crispy Cream and singer Jimmy Buffett. The chain last year opened its first Palm Beach County during West Palm on Palm Beach Lake's Boulevard. As soon crispy cream's long-awaited boit and beeched or will be opened. Oh. 4200 square foot shop on boit and beech Boulevard and I'm not a fashion be done by early August. Kosantino City is looking for other sites in accounting including Jupiter, Wellington and West of Boka. Alright. So there we go. Are you crispy cream fans? And I've got a profit crispy cream these last week and said we were going to give them uh, I was going to bitch them out or something. What's wrong with them? I mean if there's something I like, I like it. I don't turn on them. And I shouldn't admit the thing about the scores bites what happened. I totally the story. This is a true story. I thought you're conspiracy. Friday afternoon I'd been talking about the score bites. The little bangs like the Erisis pieces. And so I go out of my convenience story to get like a little sugar fix because I'm addicted to sugar. I'm a drug addict. I'm addicted to sugar. I'm the Syracuse Farbo Sugar. Right. Good timing. So I go like my convenience store. And I look, I just have to look in the ice cream thing. Uh-huh. And right there's staring back at me. Just just like from that movie. Right. You get rid of it. Yes, woman. I watch that afternoon. It's a matter of fact. Yeah. For a nightmare. And staring back at me, Bryers makes scores ice cream. But only in half gallons. Actually, I bought the half gallon brought it up here. And I ate. And I ate. Yeah, brought it with the best intention of thinking, well, I have a little bit of it then I'll put it in a freezer. And I'll like do it out a little bit to pass the timing over the weekend. Does that work? Oh, no. You're a drug addict. Like saving me. I'm a drug addict thing. I'm only gonna break this much. Right. That's right. Exactly. I admit it. I admit it. I'm a drug addict. And everybody last said you want to drug your sugar. It's like, oh, that's not a drug. It's more powerful than that crack. A crack. Right. And so I finally, after realizing I ate about about 30 of it, about 30 minutes. Yeah, I just went to the rest of it under hot water, boiling hot water from the sink and threw it out. Right. That was my score ice cream experience from where we had Blyer's makes it so I betcha it's all over there. I would think. Did anybody try to score bites? That's right. Carlos wouldn't try to eat like chocolate. Right. He'll eat. We see piece of baby. We see it. He'll talk with him though. They have Reese's pieces ice cream too. Yeah. I don't have to say that. Like a chocolate curry. Candy coated peanut butter. Don't talk with her. Yeah. What we talking about it. Reese's pieces are chocolate on the outside. I thought say are. What is wrong with him? What do you think it's coated with hot duty? It's coated with chocolate on the outside. What? I'm not going to have to go get a bag. You're so full of crap. Reese's Reese is chocolate with peanut butter. I don't feel it peanut butter inside. It's not the disappointment that it was just. Give a kick. Chris B. Queen don't. And stuffy with a Reese's. And stick it in the oven for like 20 seconds or in a microwave. Not yet, but I'll be right back. That sounds really cool. So anyway, don't go getting that score's ice cream. Okay. Or to score as bites. I'm telling you it's a dick. Don't do it. Don't do it. Please. It's like a goddamn sugar conspiracy in a course in Florida. The sugar people get really upset when you talk such crap. Now why did you put somebody online? Already? Because you know what it's going to be. Yeah. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. In the alasada godfather over weekend. This is me. By the way, we're not cranking today. But what is you get out of here? What is not cranking today? I get away, away, away, away, away. You chronic. You chronic. I'm going to have to go across the street and give me some damn score ice cream. Yeah, but he wasn't being chronic today. Go, I see. Well, how could you tell? I should let him continue. Then we could have decided we could take a vote on him. You think he's being chronic today? Yeah. I get out of here. There are only two people basically that call online. The one is, what did I ever do to you, Neil Gaiman? This guy? That's it. We got we got they got their own special line those two. Maybe he's been doing a few lines. Anyway, speaking of doing a few lines, we had the crankers out over the weekend. Serdineight. Yeah, they must during their circle jerk. Because when they all get their little laptop out and they hop on each other's lap. I'm tanya. Because whenever this happens, it's always now late on a Serdineight early Sunday morning. I go to bed. I take a look at the thing and it's got father when the hands down. The pull question was, what movie if you watch the most times? Godfather one is the winner, 230 votes. Star Wars 155. But anyway, so of all the movies to crank on. I mean, talk about making it obvious. This is spinal tab, 130 votes. Which actually pushed him into the lead and I see the other people got so pissed off. I think Godfather back where belongs on top. That was wrong with you. You're gonna talk about it. Fuck it out. Exactly. So just toss out this is spinal tab because it says 230 votes. Wheel votes, maybe. Godfather one 230. Star Wars 155. Wizard of Oz 107. Movie you've watched the most time. A Christmas story. Caddy Shaxis D9. Airplane 66. John's 56. Ferris Bueler's Day off 49. It's a wonderful life 47. Blazing saddle 46. Animal house 44. Scarface 44. The good the bad and the bad. Benerboy 42. The outlawed Josie Whales 40. The matrix 37. Clockwork Orange 34. And that's all I'm reading. No kickers is almost 2000 votes. Of which about 1800 real. And then about 200 crank votes for this is spinal tab. Because the little a Benerboys out there are having our circle jerk and cranking on the pole. Wow. Man, it's so sad. It's pathetic. Tragedy. Almost as bad as that guy we just haven't had a phone. Very briefly. Same thing. This is not a radio show. This is a rehab clinic. Right? Yeah. That's what talk shows are. Other than of course the right wing variety, which is pretty much what is all this left. Got some great articles and great bedtime stories. Fox pulling cable news to the right. Just exactly what I've been telling you. And also another one about how many Americans watch the ABC to get the real news. Because there was so disenchanted with a pom pom waving. But I'm only a cheerleader. Was that the name of that movie? But I'm a cheerleader. But I'm a cheerleader. Saw that accidentally on the International Film Channel independent. Yesterday that was a hoot. Yes. That was hysterically funny. Last night's song will be that George hasn't seen yet. We come pretty proud of. That was also an independent film channel up here anyway. A American psycho. Three major viewings over the weekend. Now that we're moving intensive on the show. I mean really heavily heavily do the other got my DVD player. And also figured out an odd minute. I have no shame. I'll admit how stupid I am. It was not until this weekend that I realized that a lot of these disks a lot of the DVDs on a one side. They got the Y screen which I like. They were the regular full screen version of the movie. And then you flip it over for the sues out there. It's got the letter box. How come I took me all week two weeks to figure that out? I don't know. Because I'm a little slow a little bit stupid. Oh godfather one just a legitimately passed on there. Just tossed it. This is final time. Just pretend it's not there. Okay. I'll touch a little game players out there. Look at that we craved to pull. We craved to pull. Talk about people with too much time on their hands man. Jesus. Jay and Joseph Christ. Probably it's past nine at five 60 WM let me tell you about balance for life. All you fat people out there. Like Zack. Yeah George told me about the WTWT this morning. He said their little animals are running down a whole trying to find the exit sign. Trying to get their way out of the building. It was a disaster. Oh my god. He said the stench from that room probably some of the old people in the condo next door. Probably are swooning right now. There's a visual element that I never even had into. Oh no. Anyway if you're tired of being fat and disgusting because let's face it. Those of us who are fat we are disgusting. It doesn't look good you run healthy you get diabetes and what and you really got service. Let balance for life through the job for you. If you tried every other diet if you tried all the fads and the pills on your and you still fat. You owe it to yourself to give this a shot because it really works for a lot of people. Balance for life combines the knowledge of the zone diet they do all the work for you. With special emphasis on the glycemic value of carbs and they do all the Ephigaring you don't have to count carbs or cow calories or anything else. You don't have to cook or shop because everyday balance for life delivers right here Do a little black sack and your sack there are three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks and the WTWT just pours off your body because there's plenty of food in it to keep you satisfied. You won't be cheating. You get to choose between two choices for each meal that we did at your on a program. And now we're not talking about prefabricated food or anything frozen. No chemicals, no crap. Just delicious fresh goodies every single day. So let balance for life once and for all. Hope you lose the weight like so many other people have done. Calm today at least check it out. Call 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 and watch those pounds melt away or visit their website. If you like at balance for life.com. You can't even eat this. This is for 205.6. 2 a.m. 2 on the coke. You might not have a run in with a famous pot. A hard-meme is the shamshite. H of audio. You're wife being dead at war. I think it will heal till her and join the court. Go! You see I found this bloody cap off here. Go stupid cap and then this knife will be dope. Stupid knife and yeah you don't miss the Simpson. It's just one other thing. You know I never realized just how important your job really is. So where? Why just the other night? The wife and I were talking about this nuclear power. Shut up! Sorry, Mr Simpson, but I'm afraid I'm going to have to play you under arrest for murder. Which special circumstances. What did you with us? What's a shame? What the terrible ways? What are you doing here? I'm Lionel Huss. Mr Simpson's attorney. I'm a shame. Mr Simpson has your attorney. I'm advising you to take this gun and the keys to that white grunk. Go outside. Put the gun to your head and drive around Springfield a few times. Okay. Yes sir. Oh no. Don't you find way. Catch an eye. You're interested. Tonight on Fox. You're the swear. 917 at 560 WDQ. Here's our first constant facts of the week right here. From another overgrown child. Dear Neil, guess what we found in Iraq? And by the way. You didn't find crap. It says, yup, the elusive mobile lab for the bio-weapons of asses, Dr. Snickole and Sidder Radkhead and not just one. Man, man, man, man, I like it. Like it's some kind of a children's game. Like all those people that died over there. I get some kind of a game. Well, did we find any weapons of mass destruction in OZO? No. See, every they keep floating these stories every week. We get the whole bunch of about 30 men. And then they come to find out there's nothing. They don't have no answers. They got no VX. They got no nothing. We ain't got no nothing. But they just keep floating the stories out there. And then you'll notice that they disappear off. I just check for example. CNN, MSNBC, you whole bunch of other websites. After you sent me that facts. Nothing. Not in honey. Speak out of games. Oh, and also before I get into that. Finally, the Sun Sentinel discovered a paper attack. It was a story in over the weekend. I think we had in yesterday or was it Saturday, beiner? Tickle Saturday. Whatever day we had, I got it here somewhere. I saved it. Oh, a paper attack initiative. Distribute libertarians, which was like I said yesterday. And it's a whatever. It's a story. I didn't see. I checked the letters to the editor in both the Sun Sentinel and the Harold all week in long, including the morning. Did I see one letter in there about the. Broward County resolution about the paper. Oh, no. So this is part of the course. I didn't sit here on a year. I could all whip up into a frenzy and get all indignant. It gives a flying crap. And these people, these bush likers out there. Just like that facts. I just got like a bunch of overgrown little children like I see. We told you so. We told you so. As if even if they find all kind of stuff there. Anybody with half a brain knows. Not that he didn't represent a threat to us. Also, I'd nothing to do with 9.11. That was all a bunch of bull crap. We've got 85,000 stories on our website just over the weekend between Friday, Saturday, yesterday. About what it's really all about. But don't confuse us with the facts because we found some crap. You know, we had there was some crap going on. Right. And I noticed that the Lord, I cut everybody. Randy was that his name. I cut everybody all whipped up about the resolution. What a brown commission. I never heard from him again. I see no letter they added or if anybody sent any letters about that. They didn't get published and we sure ought to find out about it. But I'm sure with that. I'm sure you know, being used on this radio show for other people's purposes. You get all whipped up into a frenzy. And then, you know, that's it. That's the end of it. Got some kind of an exercise. Which of course, there's nothing wrong with the lecture. The lecture size, as you let the spoon tear mouth with your scores ice cream. It was pretty them. Good to. Dangerous. See, I think there ought to be a law that at the very least they should make have to make Pines any flavor that they make. Should have to be available in Pines, courts and half gallons. Right. Okay. Or at the very least, this should be like an elephant should come in courts. I did see three interesting movies over the weekend. California, Brad Pitt. I was pretty good. Huh? Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. He had to stare up a little bit of a problem. Whatever that sound was, he could make it. And he had that other problem too. Yeah. What's your people? Mine or what? That was good. And you know something. I don't mind David Dubcobney. It's just that I don't dislike him. I just realized that the expires are hate. Right. He why hate that show. I was like, oh, hold you. He was perfect for that role. Yeah. He was good. Everybody was good memory. I was good. I give it about eight and a half. And I saw the game with Michael Douglas. I give that about an 11. That was great. How come you didn't play that one up the way you should have. That's a great movie. Because I don't know what you like. I liked that one. But I mean, I didn't know if you would. You know what I like. I saw it on our website over the weekend. I saw Aaron. You know what I like. Now the game was excellent. And the guy to play the TV news guy. The TV news. Yeah. He was the in the tell that Mr. Ripley played the Judea law's father in that movie. He's a good actor. But that was great. And of course it just keeps going on and on and twist you and turn you. It was sensational. I give that one of the best that I've seen in the recent memory. And the end of the end is the point. Yeah. Well, and the very ending there right at the end is like, are we going to start all over again? Yeah. That's what he's thinking. But I'll have to let you watch it. And then last night, a American psycho, which happened to be on the independent film channel last night. I give that about a nine nine. It was good. Especially anybody after the life Christian fails who did a great job of acting. But he was like naked the whole movie. 90% of the movie. A kid. The scene where he's running down a hall with the, the spattered wood blood with the chainsaw naked. That was pretty good. I, it's dang the thing he didn't drop it. You got to have real confidence to be running down a hall naked with a chainsaw on your hand. With that blade worrying, but anyway, I give that about a nine. George hasn't seen it yet American psycho. You better get with it. And also the bad news is since we're movie intensive, can't find happiness in South Florida. No, and that's going to be our, and that's going to be a big billboard campaign. You won't find happiness in South Florida. Never have true words been spoken. I'd be really happy to know where I could go to get it. Even if I just shut off of the pines or something. And don't be saying blockbuster because nobody in the right mind wants to water down censored version. I mean, that's scandalous in itself. What kind of cramp is that that's so much of blue noses are going to censure what you're going to see in a movie. If you're going to go to a writer by a movie, you want to see the real thing. Not, not like some sanitized version that they decide is suitable for family viewing. What is that movie's got to be rated PG anyway, right? It's a very least. That's got to be R. I don't know. I would have happiness. That's got to be R rated. There's too much perversion on it and language. So it's so like I said. So if it's R rated, what's the problem? This doesn't satisfy you, assholes at blockbuster. Everything's got to be censored. Here's a call from West Palm Beach, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I've got to move before you that I know you're going to love and no one's brought this up yet. It's called Run, Lowla, Run. Yeah. I'm telling you, write it down and after you see, you're going to be on the air talking about it. Run, Lowla, Run? Yeah. And what's that about? It's excellent. I don't want to tell you what it's about. Well, I mean, just give me an idea what it's about. I don't have to tell me the ending. But what's the ending? It's one of the, it's kind of an intriguing movie. It's more along the lines of all the usual suspects as opposed to a shoot-em-up, Bruce Willis movie. You know, it's more of an intellectual movie that I know you'll enjoy. Okay. You talk and move the type movies you like. I'm telling you, Run, Lowla, Run. Okay. All right. Thanks, Neil. I'm on my way. When I started my score, I was going to go over and get that. I heard about it. It's supposed to be good. That's what he just said. He said it's pretty goddamn good. It's what he said. We're still movie intensive this week and there probably some people, oh, you're still doing that on a pool? Yeah. I like to pull a question that I have no idea what answers we're going to get. But it's been open up for real Pandora's box. Because you know this audience. Who is them? And again, I'm going to try to read it very clearly. Grace is simply right to the point. And I even put a couple on there my own, even though they're way old, but that's because I'm an old fart. Who is the most underrated movie actor or actress of all time? We're talking about people who never really got the credit as being in that top, Run, you know, like a brand-dore rubber duval or a bogart. People never got that kind of credit. But people are really are great, but are underrated. And we're not asking for a list of 10. Well, I got a few for you. No. Who is the most underrated movie actor or actress of all time? And I got two Lijacobb, who I think is great, right? And Joseph Cotton, which even George knows Joseph Cotton. He was in more goddamn great movies, and he was, I'm not saying he wasn't a leading man at times, but he was never considered like, you know, like a bogart or a, more you behold, and or one of those people, right? Right? He was a great actor. He's no cotton-nather. He was no cotton-pick-and-one. So that's the full question for today. And of course the audience will help us fill it up, and I'm sure we'll get many. I'm using. How about Marlon Brando? Now we're talking about, you'll see. We'll get someone else, because we got some real loser. I mean, some real winners off. I'm just going to take the aspirin now. Please. Take two. In fact, don't stand up real fast because they have a tendency to fall out. 9.26. And I did watch your Requiem for Dream again over the weekend. I don't care what anybody says. If that is one of the best movies ever made, then there's no just throw away your VCR and your DVD and your DVDs. Okay, that is just, and when you watch it the second time, it feels like the home movie goes by in a matter of second. About 30 minutes. Just flies by because you become just as wired as all the characters in a movie. It's really a visual treat. The way you're on. Wow. Yeah. Oh man, that arm is looking nasty, Harry. Don't put that in that. Oh, geez. Don't stick it way in. Oh. 9.27. At 5.60 WDQMero, Taka's cheap. It's easy to throw on a really lot of appealing low numbers. But when it comes right down to it, what number can you really get finance at? 5% 4%. How about 2.45% with an actual group? With interest rates of only 2.45%. This really is your best bet and it's Rock Solid 2. If you want to find out more about it, call financial group right now toll free at 1-800-940-0. Interest rates of it all time low. So why not refinance your home or buy a new home and take advantage of a sure thing? 2.45% financing with financial group. What old 2.45% financing new to those monthly payments you might be wondering? Here are some examples. Here are some for instances. If you have a 200.000 loan, you pay only 76.00. If you have a 100.000 loan, your payments are only 393 bucks a month. So get yourself 2.45% financing and save a crapload of cash with our friends at the financial group called 1-800-940-0. That's the financial group 1-800-940-0. L-E-N-D, the R-N-Q-Housing lender, credit restrictions apply rates are subject to change monthly 5.34 APR. 5.00. Here's sports-win-E-L-56-U-S-U-A-M. I'm dying out of the hand. So why does this use a statement today? No, don't you trick you Catholic up my life? That's not good enough. It's just not safe. They don't look on a power code, isn't it? Anyway, today the end of the couple are sons. Doing that will bring you home. The day the end of the couple are sons. The day the end of the couple are sons. The day the end of the couple are not like us. Obey and listen that, get all that fuss. For planning, dance, this holds right in line. And it could have been better time. The day the end of the couple are sons. Doing that will bring you home. The day the end of the couple are sons. The day the end of the couple are sons. Seriously. As long as there's no relationship with you, we will learn you'll understand we're not breaking this up. Actually it's hard to understand too. And it'll make the things better. Why? The day the fourth time we want to have our sons. Last year he sang that idea, what was really hard to understand. This kind of big piece. john that's congested off. But why does he keep putting him on the air? I mean, should be like he's holding up a sign. I only call a line 9. Nobody in Miami or in the local area calls on line 9. You have to stand that, Bina Boy? Got it. Who just got a promotion, I should point out. I just got a new title. He's full time. He's got his benefits. He's got all kinds of crap. Even had to chance to board out the Mosho. He's moving up so much in the world this morning. For about five minutes. Well, exact was in there. I'm taking a gigantic smelly crap. But you'd be amazed at how fast you can slide back that out. Later again, you keep messing with that line 9. Well, I don't have a far to fall. That's true. Fox pulling cable news to the right. I got to get into this. Got to get into a whole bunch of stuff here. And I don't see like any humongous response on it so far this morning. Here's a call from Boko. Hello. Yeah, I got to act this call mold and then Martin Ballsum. Get her both great. And I think they were underrated when they were acting. They made a couple hundred movies between them. Right. And I have a movie for last week. But I don't know if it was ever mentioned. You ever see the movie so in green? Yeah, sure. It was on there. Oh, it was. Yeah, kind of few votes. Yeah, but they're saying this last week or that. I got a 30 man. About 30 votes. Okay. Thanks sir. Two good choices. See, there's a guy who actually understands the poll. I was probably all whipped up because Boca's getting crispy cream now. So he's very enthused. That was a good start. Who is the most underrated movie actor or actress of all time? Vijay Cobb, Joseph Conquist. Most of our audience in an Oligay Cobb from Cornanda. Yeah. Joseph Connado, no from Cotton Baton. Carl Maldon, they might know from streets of San Francisco. The big note. Right. All fall down, Warren Bitty. And who else was that movie? Eva Marie St. And Shane. Yeah. And Martin Ballsum. Awesome. Awesome. Was a great actor. Do you know he was in psycho? Remember that? Right. And we took that untimely fall backward on the stairs? That's why you're really going to enjoy it. I can't find it. I got an order. You had wood and happiness. 560, 560, pound 560 on the 18. No, you got a fine happiness. How are you? Files pulling cable news to the right. Never subband and pretence of balance and attempt to turn patriotic fervor into high ratings. Perhaps the most obvious sign that the war in terrorism has changed the whole game for cable news networks was the recent decision by MSNBC to award a weekly talk shoot or a man named Michael Savage. Savage whose politics are as far to the right as any commentator this side of G Gordon Litty runs the unfortunately named program Savage Nation. Positioned at the center of a set that would embarrass the host of a public asses cable TV show. Savage gestures in grunts and mocks his opponents and Democrats hated levels. Anyone who's ambivalent about the Bush administration diplomatic military policies in school yard manner. In the spirit of a two talk radioide dialogue that is after all how he got his start, Savage will link any pair of seemingly unrelated issues in the name of making a point. Savage's heightened profile might represent nothing more than last minute and worst desperate attempt to shake things up. MSNBC is also met former ESPN host Keith Oberen's new show to the mix more on that in a minute. But there appears to be more at play here, go to buy Fox News channel, the Bush administration and the nation's patriotic fervor, the tone of cable news has taken a sharp turn to the right. That's so ridiculous, Jack. Fox is pulling everybody into expressing an ideological view since Michael Wolf media quit it for New York Magazine, but even more important they're pulling everybody into expressing a conservative view. It's not so much to change in the structure of journalism as this is a change in the balance. Meanwhile, the state side profile of foreign news services like the BBC is driven out of risen rapidly. It's tough to quantify this early in the game where largely dealing with lessons learned from the war in Iraq, but some viewers may have had it with likes of Savage, MSNBC colleague and fellow conservative Joe Scarborough, and you want to piece of this chest numbers on Fox. Many of these viewers appear to be the target audience from American broadcast of the Bebe, which is now in regular rotation on many local cable characters, the BBC, which we had the story over the weekend about how many millions Americans are watching the BBC during the war to try to get little balance coverage and not the a pompom flashing after all. It'll take a battery to me. How can any first of all, why would anybody be that stupid, right? I don't want to start discussion on this because nobody in this audience cares about it anyway, but I'll say it. Why would next time? If I start doing it again again, it'll get a roughly immediately played above here or something. Yeah. And don't let me allow myself to be used in manipulated by other people for good. And I'm not saying as a guy had a bad idea because if a commission passes a resolution like that or something happens, and nobody knows about it, it renders it meaningless. If the media doesn't report it, it makes it meaningless. But not one person in South Florida cared enough about that. That's just a tremendous cloud we have on a show. You know what I'm saying? What do we have to cloud? Here's Hylia, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Neil, how are you doing? Great. Paul Muni. Paul Muni was pretty big time, you wouldn't say? I mean, I don't know. I just didn't turn a class when we were the old time when we were at that time we lost. Yeah, but he was a great actor, but he was like in his day he was like a major major star. And speaking of actors, I missed all of that. But I heard something about Jack Nicholson went crazy yesterday. I think it was over the weekend. I wonder, Laker games he ran out on a court screaming at the official. He's out of control. All right. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Yeah, he ran out on a court screaming here. He's Johnny. Hey, are we putting his suggestion on there? No, Paul Muni. Right. He was kind of puny. No, Paul Muni was like a big time man his day, you know? I say. You know, this is interesting because so far we got mostly way back. And I found digging around here. I found an article that I'd say from like last year. When they were listing the critics top 10 and directors top 10 movies of all time and top 10 directors. It says it citizen came all over again, which is unfortunate. But the point it says great films critics and directors great great film stop being made after around 1980. And you know what else? Great music for the most part. Spatby made after 1980. What happened in 1980? Or free that. Right. To the end of American cycle. You'll see them sitting around in the bar and watching Reagan on TV with his speech about Iran, Contro and all of the crap. And one guy sitting there saying, how can he lie like that? How can you sit there? And it, uh, brought it right to home. I thought, what is this pretty timely? Only the, uh, the faces have been changed to predict the guilty. 940, 20 till 10 at 560 WQAM. So last night my fax machine went off at about 20 past 11. Bob Eisenberg is a crazy person. I just thought I would mention that in our sales department. He's a crazy person. And it has nothing to do with anything necessarily. But just marked that down. Okay. This is the date that I brought him out of the crazy closet. In fact, he could be the next American cycle. He didn't look quite that good. Even with the new here, he doesn't look quite as good as Chris Bales. That's an actual room here at the station. You know, the rubber room, the crazy closet. You know, getting into the barbecue, you know, in season with the perfect grill of the absolute best price guaranteed for Bob, he used the Laura's and hell of an idea. It's what everybody wants to do. So this week, take advantage of no payment, say this cash financing until January 2004 on a proof credit. How can you beat that? Barbecue is galore carries the largest selection of barbecues and accessories, including Barbecue, a trick with propane, natural gas, charcoal, smokers, tailgate supplies and all at the guarantee lowest prices. And with the weather now about a hundred degrees in the shade every day, it's time to get into it. Time to get out there in the yard and start to... Plaiming it. Robert Cousgler has an exceptional selection of Weber grill's and accessories including The Hot New Weber Summit gold, which features six stainless steel burners, a double walled stainless steel lid, welded stainless steel cooking grades, fixed commercial their mom and his side burner rotisserie and more all of these things. Barbecue's galores got the hottest wheels you won't find a place else all that unbeatable prices too. So for all your barbecue needs if the guaranteed lowest prices don't forget job Barbecue's galore and they have two great locations for you and brought a kind of their implantation and prestigious croles brings. Let barbecue's galore knowledgeable sales staff help you pick out the perfect real and answer all your barbecue and questions. They're friendly folks. They'll give you all the answers you look at for no pressure, no BS. Everything you need for barbecue is waiting for you at Barbecue's galore. My life and law this is 456. In the way to weigh in. It's over the day by SUSCAS. Two fans of the register of Pina Big Price pay the big price pay the big price. Two fans of the register pay the big price pay the big price pay the big price. You're so fat, fat, fat, fat, fat. So what break, break, break. You're so fat, fat, fat, fat. You're so fat, fat, fat, fat. You're so fat, fat, fat, fat. I've created a monster that everyone wants to get a hot new record from Shady and Anxon Pliment. I'll take it from Shady the way I figure this food will be a richer money and a wrap singer a little bit of me and some more six figure sales like I kind of like to make my life bigger. Fortunately, this white dance see figure down how to get rid of success, boy. It's amazing for Shady to the baiting. I'm the great thing I've been bursting in the world is me they're hating. What about this food? No words. This CD. I don't know how to play things basically. It's basically the place to be in the case like me is famously doing things easily and crazy. You're why my music phase is loose. So our shelter empty because of me. Now it was so real job for me to write a tune for my CD. See to get the song right actually, hey, drop a minute. When I release it, it keeps me easy, where I leave. When I put the bass on simplicity, then it's been and help my royalty store shelter empty because of me. I'm 46 at 5.60 W.M. Show anyway. Ms. Pudges says on her report today, the Walt Disney company has sent a spend millions financing into a explosive bush bashing documentary from Michael Moore. Oh, a documentary which claims Bin Laden was greatly enriched by the Bush family while we already knew that. Disney via subsidiary mirror max has agreed to cover the production cost said to be in the millions of Morris planned Fahrenheit 9.11. The primary thrust of the new film is what has happened to the country since 9.11. How the Bush administration used this tragic event to push its agenda more explains. Here at height 9.11 will be released during the upcoming presidential election cycle. Great. Moore says he'll document on a film how the senior Bush kept his ties with Bin Laden family up until 2 months after 9.11. Moore will also scrutinize and graphic detail why America is so just like the broad. With Disney financing now secure, Moore who once rallied against corporate media interest may appear this week's can film festival in France. How do you like that, huh? Right. Right. And she on fudge. Well, who is the most underrated movie actor actress of all time. Here's a facts from Carlo who says a Tom Courtney, who's Tom Courtney. I don't know. Or Karen Stam, so one out of two ain't bad. I put Karen Stam. Yes. See this is one of those deals where there's a fine line and will be the arbiters of where we draw the line. Because I'm thinking like Donald Sutherland. Yeah. But he's highly touted and has been for a long time. Like I said, I'm thinking he don't belong on the list. Do you see what I mean? Oh, I got the line. Right. You're right. You're right. There were many movies where he was like the lead actor. I have the needle. Which isn't the say Joseph cotton wasn't the lead actor a lot of movies, but he just never got the kind of credit. Maybe I don't know. Maybe because of the period of time. Because we didn't, I don't know. I'll take your work for it because I forgot. Oh, he was in Eric. Hitchcock movies. He was in all kinds of animals. I saw those movies way after the fact I don't remember how the actors were being talked about at the time. Because I worked. Yeah. Well, I think he deserves to be way up there on the list. If you were to ask, if you would ask the average smuck out, there of course it's an age thing too. What do these puns know? And when you look at that article saying that after 80, I mean that's 23 years ago. So if you're like 30, what the hell movies did you see when you were seven? How many sides of 18 maybe? What movie did you know when you were seven? So unless you're an old fart like similar rest of us, you even know who a lot of these people are. It's so sad. Well, I've got a suggestion for the younger folk. Yeah. Gary Oldman. Gary Oldman? Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. Okay, it's on there. I just got through writing it. Just to sure that I'm not a hard-bitten asshole. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. It is not the worst in a hard-bitten asshole, you know what? Kind of like a softly bit of money, too bad. There's coconut creak, hello. Hey, doing the old. Pretty good? Got a winner for your left. Yes? Gene Hackman is excellent. Yeah, and add a Gene Hackman is like one of the top actors of our lifetime. And just don't get it through. And I get out of it, go away. Not that we didn't know that would happen. No, that's good. Thank you very much, sir, for you know, living up to what we feared was going to happen with us. We're not talking about who are the top actors and actresses of all time. That goes without saying, okay. Is there anybody who wouldn't put Gene Hackman on list? No. No. The most underrated actor or actress of all time. Somebody who doesn't get the top billing. Somebody who isn't on all these list of the top days, the top that doesn't have a whole bunch of Oscar nominations. That's what we're trying to find. Gene Hackman. What is that mean? Oh, God, it's just I have so much trouble communicating. You know what? Think of our work at QAM, which is not in the communications business. By the way, Clara, it's when he getting our goddamn phones fixed. Okay, maybe you want to poke George Corso in the side or in the back of every life's getting poked. Oh, nice. It's getting to be ridiculous now. And we got a muffin's on a vacation this week. Everybody in that town's on a fussman's holiday until Labor Day. And it's a joke. It's a freaking goddamn joke. Nothing gets done. And you have to bitch and scream and harder than I got salespeople. Thanks to me stuff at 20 after 11 at night. I just finished watching a American psycho. I put my head down on a pillow. I'm almost asleep. And I hear this sound and everything. What the hell's going on in here? And I come running in here and I see faxes, three pages coming across my fax machine at 20 after 11 at night. Eisenberg, you're a crazy person. That's all I can tell you. Perfect for QAM salesman. A certifiable crazy person. Talk about the old rubber room. God. 560560, pound 560 on a AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a call from Boko, which seems to be pretty busy since they heard about the donuts. Oh yeah. How are you? Good. I heard you talked about the savage before. We only Michael Weener. Wrong to your. Well he lives up to his name. I'll tell you then. Pretty interesting. He just got a stick. That's all. Got a stick when there's a nominate Sterling Hayden. Sterling Hayden was great. He was the cop in a guy father course. And he was the general in the doctor's strange love. Right. The Waco general. Now see that's a good choice. That's exactly what I'm talking about. Is that kind of a choice? A super movie called The One Where They Where They Get The Horse Track. With a killing. You know that movie The kill. Yeah, I didn't see Never saw that. I was in the Cuba get it's a classic. Anyways, I just wanted to rad on on what's his name. Savage. I mean it's a big scam. It is book. It says Michael D. Weiner. Junior. You know copyright. So he just teaches the picked up on something that's all. There you go. Just don't kind of bad way. It's it's okay. Thanks. Looking for some expiry ports on Tom's ticket. Anybody here in a fallout from that one. He filled in for any kid the other night. No. Oh. Now he talked about radio the whole time. He won? I'm kidding. I'm serious that I'd like to find out because I sure is how did listen to it. I'd like to find out what they'll happen there. And I'll guarantee that none of our people had to balls to call it and put his feet to the fire. You're in Tia. So it's so sad. You know everybody talks to the game because it's real easy to make a phone call and say, Oh yeah. Well, I'm in Dignit about this. And then that's the end of it. That's as far as it goes. Especially in a place like South Florida where it's 100 degrees in the shade. Everybody's brains are fried if they had any in the first place. And nobody really gives a crap. Maybe we'll get a time to get a spy report before we want to clock you think. No. Here's a call from Davy. Hello. Hey. No. How you doing? Great. How old is Johnny Knoxville? Johnny Knoxville from Jackass. Yeah. He's a jackass from Jackass. Yeah. So that makes an underrated movie actor? Yes definitely. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. What do you say? No. Is he a movie actor? No. He's a stunt performer. Is Jackass a movie? No. No. But you know, we've invited Jackass as to call him. We just got one. We worked as appointed 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. See, I always like when it takes like the first three hours because it kills some good things. I think the first three hours to explain them what the question is. And then the fourth hour to start saying, Oh, well, I guess that's how it is on there. Right. Yeah. That's right. The most unerrated movie actor actress of all the, and also not only are we getting any jikas by reports did one person call it yet. Since we've been talking about this stuff for at least a week now, maybe more than that. I mean, really intensively. One person call it say they saw the movie happiness? No. That saw a record for a dream since we were talking about it. No. Boy, I hope they didn't see it. I hope they wouldn't waste their time. That really is a stinker man. All he said, and I can't believe that you weren't nearly as enthusiastic as you should have been about the game. That to me was one of the all-time best he's on the phone. Who's on the phone? He's on the phone. He's so what, the game. Oh, you didn't see the game? No. Ahh. That was the big of this week. So when I told you, I can't believe that I've seen two movies in the last 48 hours. The judge hasn't seen. And why I didn't see it? Why's that? Michael Douglas. Oh, but yeah. I'll tell you. Michael Douglas is good in any movie where he's not playing a sex pod. Where he's playing a sex pod. It's ridiculous. He's a even like-basicant, I think. Even though he was supposed to be a sex pod. Yeah, but that was an exception. fatal attraction, basic instinct those movies are aberrations but he was very good in this in the game oh you gotta see the game well you better find that in fact it's G right before H you'll find a game and having this right behind you right at a store not nearby you here's a lady in store hello yes ma'am hey I think I have one Steve Shemmy he's a younger guy ladies and far go and and think about me not a big history there but he's great actor this v u s c e m i I think so yeah that's it oh he's a little jai kind of funny look at that's what they were talking about in fargo okay I got it down you got it down I got it down great we're on a big one that's not we're taking the kids to Disney you think you could play a Disney car for us no problem thank you have a great day have a great time see they're on a way to well Orlando everybody's bailing out and why don't know if you know it's it's only me I used to think that it was like starting like after the end of jume and a kid at a school when did the kids get out of school little ones juneish mm like I just said but they're already underway out as many people are bailing out as possible can get out and understand it's about 400 degrees in the shade every day now a little bit too much on a toasty side well terrain mm so what seemed to me that since you got like free pickin now there's nobody in town you had to be able to go to any other music and video store besides blockbuster since you know on sensitive versions and pick up find whatever now you're looking for an OS what shouldn't you right you would think no sweat you know that's now what we were talking before about peaches going under I mean name for me a great music store video store chain other than blockbuster name you want in South Florida while we have Hollywood video I don't know but if they're great but they exist it's another one is that a big chain it's a chain yeah there's more than one they don't have happiness either I might mention uh-huh that's a bullet in just in case anybody out there missed it no happiness in South Florida my life and love this is for twenty-five sixty oh no no what's wrong now sir I want to my ball turned black sure you're ball my basket ball like a rod it's all the turn black oh that's terrible I'm a big basketballer horrible make the callizer what what what call said I ran the paper she's getting a divorce well she's separated there's some chemistry there I did she wants me I think she was just afraid to make the move on the big guy but sir with all due respect you're you're a mouse hey don't tell me I know I'm a mouse I'm hot though she wants me I can tell you my supervisor okay okay sure I'll make the hang on a little I'm gonna solve me let's do nothing that's wrong anymore if he don't have the right that's all it doesn't make me happy it makes me want a strange all you I sir I do want to tell you one good thing you're doing okay I talked to you for America little you're finally put us on the map with that thing wait a go I sir well sir that's actually the fox network don't correct me I sir Greenland what are you doing Reemers can't he ever complain about simple don't play the simple crime on the phone Reemers it's easy land band is terrible that's right they need me don't play a simple again Reemers either yeah yes sir what are we wanted well so we've got the bachelor oh that's right that's stupid fire steam kid with that poor peaton grins the no sir it's a fire stone I know yes don't you correct me what's his name what's his name fire steam no you went in it fire stone do you live another name of a bachelor oh I'm having sex of what's this information I have to read about Peter Jennings what about Peter so you're doing a fine job that was a go of my man I'll take your hand between my white glove hands and I both are I'm a little strip what's the man a nick of the empaths you the nick of the empaths you don't smoke we let's get on here you moron yes sir well Mr Jennings is doing a fine job Peter Jennings is terrible he's French well actually sorry's Canadian oh I don't know you are saying killing me and you know what try to get me on that bachelor show but sir you're married mouse hey I sir yes I don't want a marry him I don't want to date those 25 girls my guess what I'm okay reemack three or five six you're W.M. happy Monday to you I don't well back soft on pot laws did you read this before you're facted to me uh skimbed this is enough to make you just want to throw your arms up in the air just give up we surrender because I believe this this country has you want to second page no the federal government in Canada has backed off plans to make pop possession of air ticketing offensive Toronto star has learned instead sources say the liberal government will keep simple possession of marijuana on the books as a criminal offense under the controlled drugs and substances act the new plan came days after US officials warned that any easing of Canada's marijuana laws could lead to a crackdown at border crossings the government will provide alternative civil penalties finds not jail upon conviction that will leave law enforcement and the collection of fines to the provinces under the new scheme a person convicted of possessing a small amount of pot would not register a criminal record according to insiders last week US drugs are john walters suggested border traffic would slow to a crawl because the US would increase inspections the stops mugged from illegally shipping that poisons south oh my god so it's not bad enough that within the 50 states of the US that all this repressive and regressive and stonagecraft stone days stuff is coming in but also you know threatening and uh random rate saber rattling in everybody else well well it's just pathetic and the american public sits back like that watching her god damn american idol and their survival crap and that's all they know from forget about freedom is forget about that what conservatives are we're supposed to be all about which is leaving people to hell alone minimal interference in people's private lies forget about that this is a kinder gentler fascism is what it is a compassionate fascism who is the most underrated movie actor or actress of all time is our poll question today on the aronjou's uh common across we do a poll question like this just about every day now because we realize this is the only way to get anybody to call in my correct about them kill we learned it only took me twenty seven years to learn it leejay cob joseph cotton crommaldon martin balsam etonial terran stamp you know something other i think about it maybe joseph cut does belong on here no he does because he was very big in his day but he just i don't know it just seems to me he never had the kind of uh notoriety that bogart and uh tag me and all those of that era people along zhanna who's great it only a terran stamp Gary oldman sterling hate and stebus shemmy how can we don't have no actresses yet good question yeah how can we have no ladies here's the fact that says our realize the war is over in a rack in american public has moved down to the next sensationalized event but last week ABC had a segment on the news that showed just how states managed the whole war was they were interviewing the doctor the treated Jessica lynch and his version of the rest you went down and the military's version don't quite match up yet we had that on our website uh couple of times this was all a photo op and the uh the doctors in hospital brought her out to the troop they said here here's Jessica she's alive and i star like his rash back in her okay we got and then conveniently and then conveniently she's got an easier she don't remember anything about her rescue isn't that interesting huh you don't think somebody made her an offer she couldn't refuse do you it's isn't as fast by the way jost Scarborough is the former congressman who had the woman staff from a stebusly dine as orifice it was all hushed up and soon after they returned from the house didn't hear anything about that in the new air post or fox awash in times also check out citizen roof with the lord dem what's seen here that is lord dern it says lord dern or damd dern it's a bad fact this is like dern on here chronic facts your alances james spader check or you don't like him no well we don't care about anybody not i'm just having an emotional reaction a check out bad influence of great nineteen ninety thriller with gay undertone stirring spader and rob blow the fame spader what a shocker you saw no oh that's a reggae undertone bless us because roblo was in a and change spader why he's gay he's uh... spader's not gay what is wrong with you you see his homophobia coming to a beiner boy but it's anybody don't like their gay or their jewish or even worse they're both uh-huh i can't imagine that is this such a thing no i just made it up you pick which one here's one that says subject hand hard to call a work but here are two nominees for underrated actors robbed of a long career because of cancer this is an excellent choice frato indeed right john kizale kizale how do you say his name uh... you say kizale i'll say kizale yeah thank you man we'll say how smart i can be funny it's like no i'm smart and i want to it's i think his best role was in the kuku i mean uh... my dog day afternoon no question when you agree yes but he was also with his frato it's just that you didn't have that big of a part you know it's frato you don't come to vagus and talk to a man like uh... mowgree like that that was good and a wonderful actress who was always good patrition neals she was great well it's about time we got a lady i thought we were not lower dirt on there said who i didn't say that but now that you say that i have no problem with that how about bruised her not as the joke bruised her was very good but not not that great nutrition he was great and she was never like a real big you know see i think now they're starting to catch on a little bit there's a little bit it's starting to get a little more by noon we'll have it looked we'll put the list up there eleven okay beiner bobe don't get the air under a lot of pressure this early in the week especially because he occasionally crumbles under the pressure so eleven o'clock we'll put the list up there for people to start voting on i already voted for Joseph cotton okay probably be the only vote he'll get because we don't have too many old farts out there like me i think the old farts are all gone back the us nobbers that's what my told me over the weekend she said all her neighbors they've all gone they're all gone back up north to the us some of the they all bailed out baby i mean is it ever gonna change talk about a hearson area four to four and a half men in people date grower pombie chroen monroe county if you like we're not a whatever you like four and have many people and it's still a horse and buggy town it's delay seasonal time i challenge you to name me any other metropolitan area the so-called world-class old bullcrem any other metropolitan area that's still a seasonal time that has a season can't do it's alley even vagus which used to have certain times in the air when it was busy another times when it was like you could go and be pretty slow i mean yeah they do have times like the holiday thanksgiving and whatever when it's just so jam packed you can't even get in the car but there there's no such thing as a season in vagus anymore and that that's hardly a major metropolitan area like 90 percent of the people there at any time are tourists still a seasonal horse and buggy town and and it's not like there aren't other hot weather places Houston yeah but the things what are those tourist places what does that mean not that it's an excuse or anything like that but this is the big industry down here's tourism well let me ask you what what city do you think and forgetting about 9-11 just hit the side but ordinarily what's the need to think does more in tourism ever year new york or uh my name on the york right but it's not just well that's my but it's said aside the tourist thing okay the fact is it's a horse and buggy place when a minute that it gets a hundred degrees in the shade which now keeps getting earlier and earlier everybody bails out everybody goes back to where the climate is a little bit more tolerable because of the fact that it's so unprecedented and there's not a god damn thing to do other than a play golf oh yeah or watch it or watch people play golf Robert Ryan there's a good one for our list Robert Ryan was great remember Robert Ryan goes back a long ways there's a lot of warm-up he's that thing wasn't he? I haven't seen any warm-up yet the longest day that's right he was in the Canadians hey ice palace odds against tomorrow the dirty dozen the professionals look it up in the book the busy body low spyarko the anzo a big a party a custer of the west the wild bunch captain emo in the underwater city the underwear world of jocquisto lawman the love machine the man without a country the outfit the iceman come at squirt squirt and the lollima donna war whatever it hell that was oh there's two more pages of the same thing yeah well on son okay don't son we already got him down okay it's he was a curdle breed in the dirty dozen lee marvin's nemesis Robert Ryan he's a great great actor that's exactly what we're looking for you know it I think we got our thumb on it today I think we got our pedal to the metal man I think we're on our way to a spectacular week I'm probably gonna be wrong but it sounds good on it sure what it sounds like I really believe that no I don't 10 13 at 5 60 WQIM the kneel deals just keep rolling out from halid potty ax mc and our good close personal buddies Tom lemon and Joe Pareto and all the nice people down there will treat you right that's one of the most important things that's why they're able to stay in business in that same great location for 35 years is because they treat you right no BS no pressure when you walk under a lot unlike just about every other card dealership you don't have to worry about being attacked by some creased sales hole here are the kneel deals in halid right now the old number one you get yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every 2003 potty act or GMC in stock and the old deal number two get up to a $4,000 event on every 2003 GMC in potty act in stock I'll say it again get up to a $4,000 event on every 2003 car truck in stock and attention current and former military personnel get yourself an additional $750 rebate from your friends at halid and of course how this also has always got a great selection of dependable that's the operative word dependable certified pre-owned car's car's costness UVs and if credit has been a problem for it other card dealers have no fear because halid is here the country's deal no matter how much of a dead beat you are and don't forget to stop by halid and test drive the all new and powerful and pretty spiffy potty act ran pre-2 halid potty act GMC will find them in their legendary location 13411 South Dixie high with a 2S1 right across the falls open every day seven days a week if you want more information on those Neil deals just call the Neil deal hotline tool free at 1 triple eight 534211 I'm a Nicole halid by the way it's on the Bob Eisenberg needs metal help that's 1 triple 8 534211 no forget all Neil deals submitted to credit approval CD or 4 to 10's and halid potty GMC even old Bobby would agree how it is professional grace passive paykri boy will I just hear the news today I asked you out you said no way the weekend's here I'm alone I'm only now and grab my bone with a lot of fairs and not closed it up and down routine thank God for fast so lean with palm wide open oh my god 18 at 560 W.M. I'm sure that some of our acquaint I mean some of the people in New audience if they saw that movie Merkin cycle they'd have their palm might open I'm telling a Christian bail he's there's other than the one or two suits that he wears during a movie and a few scenes he's like naked during a home movie including early part of the movie and also our fifth friend what's his name Jared Lito yeah he was pretty good in the movie although we don't see we don't see him too long he kind of disappears here's a list underrated actors two out of three and bad James Garner definitely James Whitmore I don't think so although his garden is going bigger and bigger by isn't that who James Whitmore is he's on the um I don't know miracle gross spots come on what he means you don't know you know the spots I'm like an old boss old to me he isn't old boss he's a craggy old he was a good actor but I'm not putting him on or and James Coburn two James is enough for one fact James Coburn was good remember him sure but he was at the star of like a whole bunch of things and highly touted and James Coburn right wasn't he in all the flip movies okay cross them out sorry Robert Kim put all the James's on there five six seven oh five sixty many Americans follow the war on BBC oh first rated by the failure of U.S. based broadcast numbers to provide a realistic account of the political machinations that led to the war in Iraq and the war itself millions of Americans turned into British news reports which were picked up on public broadcasting and community radio and TV stations how do you like that that's how desperate some people were of course I have the BBC thing goodness very lucky guy there are raise internal security seeking out unpunishing alleged informers it's not known he was a British a here's the bit you're on the can that could be a new format we could have like the BBC hour jins some reports suggest he was paid up by 80 thousand pines a year by the authorities for the service of the stuff and their annihilation would likely personally and see the murders whatever commercial on cbc that's that's a thought so like nine to tell we knew the BBC hour ten to eleven we can do the cbc hour right sounds great and we can take that the audio from that kids adventures of the gene off these shows from the alas how does that sound we can do that from the and try the leader cry blood cycle is on on my screen TV right now wow so I think we got to lift anyway already high American audience figures for BBC world news bulletin spiked by 28 percent in the first weeks of the war and BBC officials delighted in emails like the one from the european who wrote the BBC seems to be the only decent source of news on this conflict the american networks are appalling absolutely correct how do you like that yeah what the u.s. network give you is just a rehash of bush of an expression announcements and worse there's no news in it says Tony Ben what are the best on political figures in britain and a frequent commentator an international news programs does anyone take them seriously only the right wingers only the fox did ohids are doing them as it takes them seriously because that's what you're feeding them what they want what they want to be fed five six seven oh five sixty palm five sixty on the AT&T line we got the mad dog on one today hey kids you'll stay to today three to a stuff a little a stake in his post seven o'clock you got her a cool hotline and eight o'clock the big oh oh look at this the marlins are in a west coast again when i got out of town after fair enough manager marlins on direct nine thirty from the west coast of marlins at the sandy eagle podries you'd be tremendous money interested in that ten oh five and join mark overnight and understand their kick in some real-assan as you're there on you talked to jollyly doesn't have party or he was at the rating he was at the ratings party sure and uh and glad and it need the whole guns from spooker the cast from that show is that the ratings party until it went up what number were they uh out of a hundred out of thirty five stations what number were they not burdened man they weren't didn't do to good but yeah he's the young guy he needs a free food I guess here's a call from Miami hello my eye copy what was it something crappy oh okay i crappy as opposed to i poppy here's a lady in Miami hello hi yes man good morning uh would you like my suggestion first or can i talk to you about happiness in american psychos oh i'd rather talk about it was savior suggestion for the end okay american psycho uh was one of the you were talking last week about the book being better than the movie right in this particular case if you read the book i'd like to know if you get through it without wretched it's really much more violent much more bloody than the movie when it's funny you said that because in my uh my timeout to film guide the 600 page book there i read the review of the movie before i watched it and it said the same thing it said that they left out the overwhelming and they did it much more low key is opposed to the grotesque violence in the book i don't think they could have filmed some of it some of it i actually did get sick enough to throw up and really i still haven't made it all the way through the book i have to do it in stages the christian bailout watch make it any time hey yeah i go along with that ask her happiness you were talking about the scene at the dog yeah if they're only one scene with the dog because i remember the scene on on the porch is that the one you're talking about at the end yeah don't give it away though i'm not going to give it away but i tell you i looked weird my dog always i'm okay we'll say anything else because anything i said i didn't give it away now i have to tell you there's only one scene in bully that i thought was really good it was funny it was when he was having sex with one girl and he turned on gay porn for inspiration mm-hmm did you catch that one oh sure okay well well that was an undercurrent to the handle with the fact that relationship he had with his friend yeah the one the page i wonder the different the book i wonder if they showed more of it in the book i don't know is it true story yeah well this i'm sure there was a book uh i watched the movie we're talking about black sister i was watching movie on paper view called epumama tombian which you should add to your list of movies that you have to say you know what is that the other than what is that about okay it's about two teenage boys who go on an escapade an romantic escapade with an older woman and there is a social rise the tachyler four five minutes sex scene culminating culminating in the two boys kissing each other and i watched an hour and half of sub titles for that and it was cut out of the movie on paper view because paper view is blockbuster so man i sat through an hour and a half you know with subtitles you can't go up get up and just on the kitchen because unless you understand fan is you're going to miss every i guess you're not going to be finding but i'm a cheerleader read the blockbuster oh no that was a i saw that on sundown so i have fear something that was good uh had you ever seen did you see far go yet i can't find it okay because actually i have a couple of it and my line did more than one suggestion or you want to one well try to narrow down one or two okay because i was going to suggest pink a zarya as agadorn Spartacus in the vertical no we don't want that you know we don't want a agadorn i'm sorry he's good after what was the other one the other one is will you make macy from far go he played the husband to uh took the contract out on to kidnapped the wife yeah he's great he's great i got a woman you wanted a woman and the person's a dormant from the same movie we're very far going ten six today okay okay thanks thanks have a great day bye bye bye bye sorry about the phone connection was like a little echoey wasn't it it was it was the connection was one of the things it's a sound a phone connection all i can tell you bell sound sucks got me to run out into the control room to make sure that everything was switched uh correctly in there no no it was it was a phone connection just relax don't start getting don't start hyperventilated have you forgotten where you work is that the problem no that's that's exactly it well that that's the point everything is screwed up i hate this place nothing works here even the audience knows that fine we've got them conditioned what's so they they don't expect here like a quality technical accoutraments and uh clearance by the way the phone is still screwed up and we got line five is still on this has been that way for weeks and months and months and nobody in that place seems to give a flying crap nobody cares nobody looks to finger and other fat Julio is gone we haven't got a chime in stance in a hell of getting anything fixed ever again boy that was a bad day for us and i think i think Julio's sin was that he concerted a little bit with too much with us and pop this head into every morning to make sure that everything was working i don't think they took a shine to that i think they took a great acceptance that quite frankly but that's our you know that's Bob Ramoth and George Corso in fact they're opening up an engineering a engineering supply store it's called asshole his us 10 27 at 560 WDQM here's something it's good for and i'm still waiting for it skipy i'm still waiting for that package you've seen the package oh that here yet for my old human old human self chills are good stuff i'm looking forward at getting it because i'm actually taking it from my blood pressure and it's doing some pretty good death things i still got a little bit left but i'm on my package skipy okay get with it get on these people i've blood pressure this morning before medication vm 128 over 82 pretty pretty good yes me anyway all your medicine just ordinary olive oil it's super concentrated loaded with health benefits and only a minute in your pussy we did can up reduce the risk of heart disease in high cholesterol plus now there are 14 different oleumid formulas to choose from each one combining pharmaceutical rate olive oil with vitamins and minerals and herbs to support specific health needs from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system you just pick up the firmness for whatever you and now there are three great new oleumid formulas when to help your sleep one to help you control your weight and self-utin for your heart pick some up today while you do in your shopping pick up oleumid at publics records walgreens whole food markets and a virus or cidinos or order it online if you like it all you met american dot com if you want more information about their products with again do for you and where you ought to stick them call tool free one eight six six oleumid that's one eight six six six five three sixty six thirty three pops them in your post today oleumid and start feeling better almost right away not only are some american i'll contested spacing legal trouble now news reports are beginning to filter in about the judges on the fox tv show in 1977 Simon call was charged with attacking a man of studio 54 and nearly strangling him to death with his own poochie shells assault charges were later dismissed and call was placed on probation later that same year Simon call was arrested again this time l a pd charged him with solicitation on Hollywood Boulevard call was picked up wearing lace panties and a leopard catsuit and was carrying i d that said his name was Alice Reynolds of laguna beach in 1990 american idol judge Randy Jackson was arrested after attending the e-child star manual uits that a charity function in New York City the administrative actor was pulled from the throat of Randy Jackson and only suffered minor abrasion later that same year Randy Jackson was charged with reckless behavior after attacking the manager of a sizzler restaurant in tarahot and a jax in stomach had to be pumped and doctors reported finding 300 shrimp and two bags of buffalo bones in 1980s in american idol judge Paul Abdul was charged with public luteness after an incident a lot of angels lakers team van later that same year all i have to was arrested outside of x-boyfriends apartment this am dual allegedly spray painted the words cold hearted snake gun his delorean it's 1032 at five sixty-one a few a.m. Romano to become highest pay tv actor this is this is amazing you see the story just came over some she didn't know guess how much money ray romano is going to be paid for his eighth season as everybody loves Raymond the third million fifty well some ray romano struck a deal that'll make him the high-spade actor in television with nearly fifty million dollars salary for the upcoming eight season of everybody love uh Raymond i wouldn't watch that show if you paid me by the second at the same time cbs is quietly struck a deal to renew the show for an additional two seasons and a hefty license fee of nearly six million dollars an episode six million dollars in episode can you tell me why anybody washes that show it's not bad i've said everybody loves Raymond it's not bad i've seen it it can be funny i agree with you know i mean it's i see a couple of the funny but i don't see the big deal about it fifty million dollars that's a lot five six seven oh five six the pop of i give up i've got by through on the town i'm under before you give up i'm a bit of a flag yeah can you uh check your fact machine i'm getting all these uh no answers and uh receive errors and uh she i just got the one minute ago well that's yeah it's not happening all the time nothing wrong i understand nothing wrong i understand i'm keeping it waiting for your next to thing there's nothing wrong i've seen the technical problems are always on the q a m black dot and always on your end ninety nine percent of the time yeah you want to try one more time and then i'll like unplug it and i'll plug it back in again here comes here comes it's coming squirt squirt who is the most underrated movie actor or actress of all time leejay kov Joseph cotton crommaldon kennaldon martin ball some edony old parents stand gary oldman stewardly a hidden i'll stewardly hidden was so great well he was great period but in the godfather was really good i think you put a brains alobion i signed makes you he enjoyed his video too i'll tell you that well it lasted uh he had hit um uh fork wall he ran into a post when he got up right ready got that bullet in the head thing you put a brains alobion i signed a link so don't forget to shout to peace in ahead and drop the gun steward shemmy jane spater in spite of george's hysterical opposition jane kizal fratil or zame the character he played in the dog there to know sunny no sunny was alpachino ah adica adica we don't know we'll find out patrition ill loridurin robbered ryan james garner wilym h macy i do like his department store uh low nobody shops there and frances me Donald but anybody shop at macy's on and at the macy shop in center south sell yeah he shops there sell falcon right is he there no no that's what radios they've been dug after no oh sell shops at macy's yeah yeah you're right sell can't do it sally at its princess victorland by the way what did i just say mccontal oh i did not i said frances me Donald i mean victorman five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and ten horizon wireless line we're gonna milk this movie thing and you know even though that lady she was very nice and she commented about happiness and uh american cycle but but uh i don't know i don't think anybody is getting any of these because we're talking about that's okay that's okay because you probably we find a black poster when he went and you get the water down version and you'll say well what do you like about that they're really sucked you know it ought to be a legal if i i hear that in american cycle the version that the epitlet black poster nobody gets killed that that's what i'm hearing they have tea in the version of the godfather nobody gets killed and when up and godfather three the version of black poster when the pope finishes that cup of tea he's got a base mile on the space and what's up feeling refreshed here's my me beach on nine hello i'm gonna have to say Harvey tightel uh great actors doesn't get a must and cut it in the shot and uh so happen if i've seen the other movie but the spread of the director is walking to the top oh no but i'm gonna get it pretty funny but okay i've catch all definitely a bad lieutenant great movie got you down thanks but okay now i did hit that okay and uh yes you know it's uh that okay i think i hope it i'm a good partner we all did oh and that's that maybe what i do just for you yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah just to make sure just so we don't get no more articles by tom jica since that's the best he can write about what's happening at local radio oh time you're so weak did we get any spy reports and tom performance right tonight oh no we heard from as many people as must have been listening which is the big zero must add some calls Tom i'll tell you what we'll probably hear from those people right after we hear from uh brandy that lawyer guy with his abroad commission thing on the right patriotec after he calls his back again or facts of well he's busy he's busy lawyer ringer something you know oh he wasn't too busy to use me on those are a couple of days there and get very indignant when i said that he made that story up remember that right well got very indignant how dare you by my my I mean it turns out he didn't make it up but where's the follow through where's the indignation where's something huh here's for a lot of nail hello Neil yes sir hello i wanted to talk to you about happiness and uh touch all and also you you have a couple people that mentioned the welcome to the dollhouse right which is uh that's a great movie i was the first movie but he also had a third movie out after uh happiness that was called storytelling and uh neither is good as happiness i don't think but there works scene just because of the sort of risk he takes in the movie right with uh of the particular scene in storytelling that the critics wanted to just uh you know take it out of the movie because it involved a young white uh college student who kind of goes to bed with a black professor a rat and uh he uh would help you in two graphic he's a good one i'd like to see that in black poster i mean a black poster well hey this curious because um actually uh the one scene where he has her against law and he makes her say um f me bigger he keeps making her repeat that as they're doing their acts so to speak and uh instead of cutting it he's uh the director refused to cut that out um so the sort of uh make a statement he just put this big gigantic red block over them so it's totally blocked out of this even though you can hear them just to sort of make a statement about the uh essentially just put a big gigantic red block to uh block it out but left all the audio and everything else in and that's how it played in the movies and i did see it on paper view and they they didn't there wasn't an unedited version but i just heard that woman say the paper view is run by blockbuster so well maybe that is a good question but maybe the uh i don't know i i never checked up a DVD maybe the DVD would be unsensitive but uh it's worth checking out that okay all right thanks yeah most DVDs have got like the uh California DVD it had the R-rated in the theater version and they also had the unedited version yeah i'm still and i'm still embarrassed though i guess i shouldn't be as embarrassed since you're supposed to be the experts and i didn't realize that you have the two different versions on many of the discs you know right away as soon as you open up your package if i can say that can i say packet yeah so as you open up the thing can you see the disc itself if i'm one side it's got like a label and you know that's it's only got one side right although even some of the ones that have one side for example a white of a California's one that had and that's why i just said two different versions but only on one side the ones that have both sides have uh crap on them video uh the white screen is on one side and the uh other one is the uh what do you call it letter box what do they call it they don't call it there's regular and letter box which is the white screen there's regular regular TV format and letter box aka white screen whiter it is whiter in fact uh on one of you and when i watched it buggy nice you wouldn't believe how wide it was this is what's written in five six two a yeah this is word that is pedophile coming up tonight on inside of the behind the true honey would celebrity music biography profile story we take a good hard and stiff look in the start up when Robert Palmer met two guys from Durand Durand the magic they made together can only be described as well Robert Palmer and two guys from Durand Durand they were the power station finally did the gig because Robert promised me i'll be able to f*** one of the pomegoes Phil those hot birds in the black me dresses that are youth in his videos and the pepsi commercial Durand Durand's anti-tale feels completely reigned by his association with Robert Palmer i feel completely reamed by my association with Robert Palmer Robert Palmer was not available for comment however the GA legend Arnold Palmer was what are you talking about i'd never reamed anybody how do you respond to allegations that you promised Durand Durand guitar as he could partake of the sweet love nectar waiting to be unleashed from one of the pomegoes but look i'm sorry not gotta go do a denture commercial anyway the friction between anti-tale and Robert Palmer made for a tense environment in the studio has heard on this rare archival tape of a power station recording session okay this is something like it ought to take full yeah got to take full that's great Robert what about me i'm standing here with me f*** me and an eye well maybe i'll just have to shake you you f***ing liar the power station we'd call for the super group if it wasn't another crappy aides band it's a big juicy shopping wait look at show business tonight uninside to behind 1046 had five sixty your fax machine screwed up durand a to break the news to you i got no answer well guess what i've been saying on the phone is a dial tone i reset the whole deal i printed something out from my other uh story on here huh something wrong on your end man durage has got a faulty breck him on his end so on flug it we said down there as usual everything is working just talking to our baby who is the most underrated and movie actor or actress of all time or asking today vijacon Joseph cut and crumbled and martin ball some eddo niel terrace stamp Gery oldman sterling Hayden's Steve Wu-Shemi James Spader John Kizel Patricia Neal Lord Durne Robert Ryan James Garner what you made Macy is anybody shop there Francis McDormand and Harvey Kytel you know what I'm talking about the Macy shopping center there right in that plantation we really put in Harvey Kytel on there that why not he's highly acclaimed by one and all I think I said cross him out nominated for Academy Awards at every day I did I just say cross him out when it down cross him out I sure I just said that I've said I heard myself saying what was the last fact you got so I know where to start refaxing oh anyone let's you want me to fast hold the fact no the last one I got with something a couple of people you said you want me to send the second page really for whole oh that's a long time ago yeah why don't look at me everything's working fine on this end I mean when I pick up that line and I hear the dial tone on the phone and I know I know it's working the line is open is nothing wrong with my phone line self-test no dial tone how can we be getting taxes so there you go no dial tone set with it's dead on your end that on his end and we don't have Jose I mean hopefully I'll whatever his name is there to come in and fix it like he used to do remember every time we had that problem he had the magic touch he'd come in and stick just in the right spot so I guess uh... he rest of well man israela q a m and somebody ought to be o u t i want to know engineers names okay anything like that five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty and the horizon line here's hollywood hello hey no yes sir I have a couple suggestions for you okay underrated actors they appear in the same movie which I think was underrated film uh... Joan Allen and Jeff Bridges in the contender your machine the contender no no we're uh... they need to appoint a new vice president and they want to point Joan Allen at the first uh... female vice president all right yeah very good movie and now another and i think both of that is that except for his should be a big star but he never never got that that one role in a super star ever since daddy started doing at uh... the stiffing lou that and uh... i got a great great movie for you and it's very surprising that that that the adam family you think punch drunk well all add a msander and it was this was it was by the guy who you are doing you were doing so well until we got to this the guy that did boogie night in that no way of such an artisail yeah and this in this movie he shows i i think he was absolutely robbed of an academy war in the he was incredible in this movie nobody thought because he wasn't doing his you know silly heart jokes or whatever the hell he did and it's in his i did see boogie night he's so huge and uh... great movie i don't know if it's on video yet but uh... it's also with mwatsin and just a great great movie so still a senior hafman is in a bunch of the and the and that's all i got the and and what's he talking about and what's he is is the and and i can't read bridges and and and sniffing glue was never talking about and i'm trying to put all the pieces of the puzzle together don't you understand and i take the bad day to quit sniffing glue right because it's back in again and we told him it's in he's using that stuff like that he was using it to tie down his piece five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon world of time let it be a lot of people put that thing up you got to be in a boy get it is the air cut it he will be getting it he'll be he's going to get it here here's the call from point and beach hello how you doing good and you watch everybody loves raven isn't for rain and it's for parents Peter Boyle and the the article you will mention in with it's congressional this a.e. and this congressman some more this is that on your website the a jose car brought thing i think that's what it is because i've been searching for for a week and it's just it's not there anywhere where was that it was the last one you fact me that i got i think that is on there isn't it not sure i don't it might be it might be on today's stack fox pulling cable news to the right is that when you're talking about i'm not sure that's not a lot of the i can't see the point anywhere in the internet for the last week it's on here today it's on our website five full and cable news to the right if it's that one's already on there if it's one of the other ones it'll be on their shortly on the right is that it's on there if it's one of the best of this year for a band and that rescue right we went there about six months ago i know you don't like kitty cats per se but anyhow we needed to replace you know our cat and the place was clean all the shots it's we picked a two year old a little orange tabb cat and they were mentioning this i mentioned that i listen to neo you know drop a little something for the miss at the other and they're really struggling six months ago the place to are because the bush brothers have slashed their budget to the point that they're really trading water and i just think it's a great thing you do and for just what you do for all the charities but anyhow i'm going to buy like a dozen discs this year because they're just a really nice operation they try and you know save these cats and dogs from you know the gas chamber and they're just they said the bush brothers have killed them and they're you're doing a really great and they're so i appreciate and i know they do okay good thanks a lot i appreciate thanks new jersey man allegedly bit as sisters right hand with such force he tore off the tip of a right index figure was she been swallowing police that he swallowed it yeah your facts are coming through like in the mountains now you're looking see was on your end right kicked it uh-huh was on your end see if we had some maintenance going on in the original i realize that's a word that they don't understand in our engineering department was less of it let's say you can get happiness on circuit city dot com their movies are cheaper and arrive faster than amazon dot com but you do that i'm going to do it right now circuit city dot com or i could go to amazon since i already have it come it says their movies are cheaper and arrive faster than amazon dot com get a compared well there you go yeah do a little comparison shopping is in your case let's see got hung up on three times so i'll try the facts is great slim pickins isn't was great as he still alive do we know islam pickin still alive i don't know should we put him on a list whatever what the well-being of the zamine he's just a average character yeah he's not he's not he's not uh... exactly he's okay crystal or walk in oh i like him a lot i don't know how big he is though yes that's what i think pretty big now he's not like a major he's not like a but a mother a lot of people in the crowd now that's what we're talking about talking about the wrong underneath underneath the underrun when you scrape away the the top layer what you got underneath town spirit he did he's a good he's had a quick okay the question is who is the most underrated movie actor actors of all time i'm not putting no time to a one out of my bed slim pickins some pickins was a character like get me haze you know right i don't think so all marla zano 40 of west New York was held at the oriad rojail on Monday this is in temple terrace by tamper unagriated battery and obstructing an officer this is today bond hadn't been set in the battery jail official said early day lasana was at a club with a sister is about can zales 45 before getting into an argument with the woman early yesterday during the argument can zales put her right hand over lasana was face police said lasana allegedly bit the woman's index finger when he finally released it he had bitten off the last joint and he swallowed it dammit and all carless hates when that happens when somebody bites off his last joint and swallows it yeah delightedabol yeah ladies we opposite the And local, we're sports-winny in 560C, USAAM! Man, this, I fucking am- Warning, we have mercilessly taken the following material out of context without endorsement or permission from those depicted. Is our ongoing mission to make every minute as good and decent look as ridiculous as possible? We hope we reach that goal. Or at least major line. Back to film a garage, I guess. I do, you know, at my children, and don't know how to stop. Let's talk about that more later. Now, let's go to your calls for Dr. Phil. And we start with Northport, New York, hello. Hi, Dr. Phil. Hi, how are you? I lost my job a few months ago, and kind of affecting my marriage, I've really been depressed about it. What would you prescribe? Alcohol and drugs. What? I don't know. I don't have some contributing to the cause. Oh, beautiful. Carny New Jersey, hello. Hey boys, how's it hanging? Fine, good. Will you take his for me? You're kidding. No, I'm serious, you guys. I'm talking full ton. I don't mind doing that here. I don't want to shame to say so. Obviously, just lean forward and we'll. Yeah, that was a very woo! It's so done. Go away. Love it, if I could, five, 60, WCM, the pole is up. Isn't it? Well, it's getting there. This isn't my thing over here. This is the pole is down. I thought the pole was going to be up, Peter Boy, and don't be blaming it. It is anybody else. Is it up? Yep. Down on mine. Let me just refresh one time. Let me take a good refreshing. There you go. Sneak one out. It's up right now. And I've also started a poor in now. Who is the most underrated movie actor actors of all time? Poor Alex, you know, Alex who faxes every single day. Who just, you know, he, he means well. He's really loyal. He's out there, but he, oh, I'm 99% of the time. He can't get a right. He says, here are two actors I believe are underrated. Michael Caine and Tommy Lee Jones. We already made fun of him before I facts it. But so you don't feel alone, Alex. Here's another facts with two ridiculous suggestions. Although, I put one of Monoractually. Peter Sellers, of course not. Peter Sellers was the star and every movie that he was in. Every single one. Right. But Peter, Lori, I think, is not a bad suggestion. I agree. He was never the super star, but he was great. He, in fact, he was one of a kind. There was never any other Peter Lori, right? That's right. Don't necessarily just like what's his name with the young Dr. Frankenstein. Uh, that can never Marty, you fell Marty Feldard. Right. There's only one of him. Velola Gosey, there was only one of him, right? Right. I mean, there's a Zidian leading men and leading ladies and, you know, different hair or different face, but other than that, it's mixed in match. But there was only one Peter Lori. And he was never like the leading guy. He was good. 560560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Live. We got the facts working. Everything is great at QIM. Everything works once in a while, like our engineering department. And ourselves, the Department, if you're one of our clients by the way, don't expect to get any copy changes or anything like that to the Labor Day. Our sales department's on permanent vacation, aren't they? Right. Instead Bob Eisenberg who sends me facts is 1130 at night. Here's a call from Jupiter, hello. Yes sir. Hey yeah, hey no, I took a question guys on Rickman for a drink. I don't know if you all caught it, but the juicy man. He had three points to make. One was drink juice. No, no, no, no. The first one was no red meat. No red meat. The second one was avoid refined sugar and the third one, I don't know what the third one was. Did we ever get it? I don't think it ever came out. That was my question. Did it come out first? No, because I think he and the other Sarah popped out of the TV set into we're living room before they get to that. Before he gets to point it. That's that that that that and he's going to have wild dance. It was great. That's the stuff. Just by Sarah. Just by Sarah. I'm going to tell you, anybody who hasn't seen that movie, isn't doesn't even know what life is all about, you know? You should make a list kind of like an open book list put on your website as these movies, not ones that people would like. I think that's a good idea. Well, it's an excellent idea, right? Okay good. And one way I say on the Godfather, if you have a copy of like, you know, I've been maybe the best movie made, sunny when he's beaten up his brother while in the street. Carl, it's Carl. Yeah, when he's looking, what's the size of you? He's missing him by six or seven inches. What do you think? I have no to stay, you're right. And that's like the only hitch in the movie I found is. Okay, thanks. Thank you. Now he's right. We ought to have that bitch Oprah. I mean, look at the tremendous influence we have over everybody. None. Couldn't get one letter to the editor in a, and a son sent a letter to Harold about the Broward Commission. And a pass now resolution against the Patriot Act. Not one. Zero. Do we have the influence or what? But I still think that's a good idea. Take him some space for you there on the website, Vener Boy. It is underway. Recommended movies. Now which movies do we put on there so far? Okay, let's not get too carried away. Do not put bullly on there. Bullies sucked. Took that off right away. I'm talking about the ones that I like. Okay, and what George will have trouble with that. But the ones that I like George will have his own list. Yeah, that's a good idea. In fact, we can all have our own list. And then we'll have a list of the ones that we all agree on. Right? We can have juice by Neil, juice by Jorge and juice by Carlos. Bye, Vener Boy. The juice he made. The juice he made. We got a winner. Speaking of the winner. Yes. I found happiness at both of those locations. But you know how Amazon when you go shopping there. They also give you the prices of other places. And they kind of pimped for them. DVDs overnight. I don't know your has it for the cheapest price. So I'm ordering it through on 16 and change. Oh, I'm sure. Especially now that you got that bonus money. Big shout like you can afford it. Do you get your bonus money? Yeah, ordering it. No. I did. I just mentioned that in passing because I knew they would piss you off. But you're important. Yeah, that's true. George is small potatoes. He'll be a lot more important soon. Oh, do you realize how close we are to that summer schedule? Yep. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh yeah. God. We are getting really, really close to that. Do you have any idea how great that is to be only working Tuesday and Thursday for like the most of two months? I can only imagine. Yeah. Sounds good to me. And what are we going to do during the summer months? Now, when I go on vacation, which isn't that far away, Vener is going to have to be doing the bedtime stories on our website every day for like about 10 days. You are aware of that, aren't you? I can handle it. I can handle it. Right. Right. In fact, you're going to have to be doing it right through Memorial Day. I'm smart. Yeah. This don't go fishing is probably a good idea. Don't say too many Hail Mary's. But the summertime is going to have to, because I'll be damned if I'm going to get up. Sister clock at a morning all summer long when I'm working. Or so I can feed you a bunch of craft stories. You can you can handle it. In fact, I'm sure that George will make sure there's a big something extra in your paycheck every couple of weeks. Yeah, that's exactly what's going to be a big fat one. Here's a call from Kendall. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Great. Sensei home. Great. I've got four names for you. Okay. Four. Four. George Kennedy. George Kennedy was excellent. You're right. Okay. Second one is Ernest Ford 9. Okay. Jason Robard. Wait, no good. Well, now Jason Robard was like a star. Well, I guess one fell on my age again. And the last one is he like Wallet. Oh, up until Godfather's three. Did you see her father's three? Right? Did you see Godfather's three? Oh, no, I didn't. Oh, that's why he's still saying he like Wallet. If you've seen Godfather three, it probably would have said you back away. But you're right. He was ordinarily a damn good actor. But in that movie, he just disgraced him and humiliated himself. I think he was in that 12-ingering man also. Right. That's right. Yeah, we got him down. Okay. And Patricia Neil wants it. Is she still alive? I don't know, but Beener Boy, look it up right now. Alrighty. And when you're away, George looks on a good show and he guys have a great day. And you two, thanks. See, there's a guy that's a happy guy. He likes me, he likes George, even likes Beener Boy a little bit. Not too much. Patricia Neil, any AL, see if she's still alive. Okay. There you go. How's Orlando doing? Well, there's a show coming up on May 27th. I believe it's the date on meal models. Some of whom actually were head of a sexual accord in the period. It's on end of the film show. Do you know that that IFC is a hell of a lot better than I ever realized. Showed up. That's a damn good channel independent film channel. What's on it right now? Commercial. And just watch how revoiced. Well, the revoiced dollar, I think you're probably Bob Eisenberg needs one of those. And maybe you can have another one from mode two. And between you, is still alive. Patricia Neil is staying here with five shots. And she's still alive. Oh, I just loved the way he says that. So let's go. He's still alive. And as bad news for you, if you don't make it, get sent to Santino to make that deal. Something like that. See, I'm slipping out. Peter Lorey, George Kennedy, Ernest Vorgna and Eli Wallagissus in front. Christopher Walken is got 10. He's great. He's walking out there. Steve Buschem, he's got six, Ed O'Neill five. Lijacov has got five. All right. That's, I should have voted for him. Gary Olden III, where you may see two. You know what will be Lijacov beside the instances on the waterfront? Right. Remember that? In fact, I'd like, maybe somebody will thanks it to me, because every now and then they'll facts us like a, a bibliography of crap. You know, his career in all the green movies. He was sensational, but he was never, I don't think ever the star. He just wasn't one of those guys who was the star, but a great supporting actor. Harvey Kytel III, Gary Olden III, will you make Macy III? Joseph Cotton's got a pair. What? Remember that 100-page facts from Mark start to the B from this young, that I know. Right away. Here it is again. He's sending it again. I'm a Mark. We appreciate it very much, but no thank you. What was it about? About the 70s movies and how great they were. And remember the tiny, tiny print, you'll never read it. I'm a Mark. We appreciate the sentiment very much, but quite waste in our facts paper, okay? It's a very limited budget show, especially on that end. You'll be pleased, and oh, they got three. I have three new toner cartridges and a whole brand new case of facts, because of waiting for my use. I'd be like that. I got a much more efficient little radio station going here than QAM. Here and Tide. Of course, I also don't have people coming in here like it all hours of morning noon and I went out here stealing crap. And dealer, my ability equipment again, which is why in this end, everything is always the same. It's great on that end. It's like always screwed up. Because absolutely nobody in that place, we got 85,000 people with titles, but nobody in charge. All chiefs, no Indians, that's the problem. A QAM. Well, that's one of the problems. Although I noticed that everybody seems to be mellowing out a little bit. I hate this place. Nothing works here. My wrong about that is a mole mellow, a little bit since you got that little guy. Yeah, a little bit, just a little teeny tiny bit. They actually be a little more civilized. Although Zack, let's speak in a once civilized. It's okay, wild wicked nasty smell and dump in case anybody missed a bullet in this morning. They had George running out of their screaming and yelling. And was does that rival the one that Fat Boy took that day that was like all over the walls in the ceiling? Yeah, they rivaled it. No. Well, let's see, you wouldn't understand. Well, I mean, you would from experience from other people, but when you're fat, I mean, there were those times in your life when you do things in an unedbull that are just so unachceptible and so ungodly. That just like that woman says about the turd in her car, you know? She said, it was ungodly. By the devil crawled up your ass and died or something like that. That was ungodly this morning. Hey, Zack, people are talking about you. You fat tub. Does he still lose the weight or is he just doing another B-street scene? Who the hell does? Yeah. And these people by the way, I know people have seen me. I'm fat, but I'm trust me. I'm not in the same category with the people we're talking about. If you're going to make comments about fat people and your fat yourself, you better only be making comments about people that are really gigantic. They said, make you look like Karen Carpenter. Oh, and you'll be pleased to know that what's his name? Looks like he had a couple of extra sandwiches, Jared Law. As Jared, uh, Lito, he did look as an electric in American psychos. He did in any other one. But he just the one eating too much in that movie. We were eating too good. Maybe if you would have come to moms for dinner a few more times. They could have pops him with pills together. Clint East was a huge star, but always underrated. Ha ha ha. Sean and Hollywood, who usually has some clue as what we're talking about. Sean is totally lost. Witnesses actual acting performances in the big-guile, play Misty for me, Tattrop, if in the line of fire and unforgiving. As opposed to his shoot him up, Western. Well, uh, no. I think you'll never want it to kind of be a word for unforgiving. This is he was finally nominated for Best Actor. And anyway, the Clint East was a big, huge star. Okay, what are we talking about here to see you've come close? Oh, Sean, you're losing it, baby. PS after a cinema files are through milking the movie pulls. How about the suggestion for a future pool? You've already done the word tear piece. Maybe you can do the bad-haired champion of the world. Our garf uncle David Letterman, Jean Charlotte, Donald Trump, Jean Hackman, Jean Wilder, and left off Mow. See what I mean about Mow. They're starting to walk off you a little bit. Mow don't talk about here. They're warming up to just a little tiny bit. Not too much. Brian Dini. Okay. Brian Dini, he's I can see him. Yeah, he's a big guy. He's regular. That's the best I can say about it. Yeah, he's a background actor. No, no, I know who he is, but I'm trying to think of a movie he was in. B2. Yeah, I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. Yeah, not seriously. I can see him right now. Wasn't he in the Disney play like, not John Wayne Gacy, but some, in fact, he did play John Wayne Gacy in the TV movie. I think, yeah, you're right. Am I right? Oh, he also played the sheriff in the first Rambo movie, first blood. First blood. He also played some French painter. Yeah, love of 13. Get him on there. Brian Dini. He okay. Let's see if we can spell it right. I done it. You know, talk his teeth. It's easy to throw in a lot of really appealing low sounding numbers. But when it comes right down to it, what can you really get refinanced at? 5%, maybe 4%, how about this? How about 2.45% with the natural group? With interest rates of just 2.45% it really is your best bet, and it's rock solid too. Confinantia group right now at 1-800-9 for Oland. That's 1-800-9 for OLE and V. Interest rates are at all time low. So why not refinance your home or even buy a new home and take advantage of a sure thing? And that's 2.45% financing with the natural group. Here are some examples of how they can lower your monthly payments down to like a pitence. If you have a $200,000 loan, your payments are not only $786 a month. If you have $100,000 loan, you pay only $393 a month. So get yourself 2.45% financing from financial group. Call them today. They'll be glad to explain the two with absolutely no obligation. Call 1-800-9 for Oland. That's financial group toll-free. The call is 1-800-940LE and V. They're an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions apply right something to change monthly. 5.34 APR. 5. My life and low goals. This is 4.45%. 2. 2. A.M. 10. Whoops and entertainment station. If you watch only one reality show this season, you'll want to watch the show where the kids finally get into the action. Tonight on Fox, the premiere of Touched by an American Idol, young boys from all over the country will compete for the affection and fortune of American icon, Michael Jackson. That's the beautiful thing. Touched by an American Idol. What's it doing now? This is called growing and changing. It's reality TV like no other. And you get to vote on who gets the sleep in Michael's bed. Honestly. Touched by an American Idol Tuesday night at 10 on Fox. What's wrong with sharing a lot? But I don't want to share. It's good to be in touch. Don't forget our Hot Couples contest officially is on right now. And let's see. Thursday may 15 this Thursday. We'll be putting pictures up on a webseller. Thursday will be the deadline Thursday at what? 9am. Sure for a less mid entry. Try to wait that long. I mean, if you have one, we'll take it. Okay. Notice how he's just kind of like taking over here. Mr. Bushboss. Here's the engine of our contest. Be near boy. Thursday may 15 pictures will then go up on a web for voters to choose their favorite they'll be up there for a week. And on Thursday may 20 seconds, a couple of the most votes wins. And I've seen him also far and I think I might have an idea who might jump in and lead. Now we haven't received a picture of them together yet. Have we? No. Well. And the contest will be running for three months. We've got the one going on now. Then in June we'll have one in July. If they want to show up, we'll take a picture of them together. Oh, wait till I come back. But that's too late. Oh, man. Aaron. Anyway, three days tonight this day for two is the grand prize at the Royal Oasis Resort. And Christina would have a hamas including round trip air fair on Lake Rare and the runner up gets dinner for two at the pizza law. Now wouldn't that be something if it turned out? I mean, look, we have to verify. We have to see them together. We have to see them as a couple. Right. Because quite frankly, anybody could take pictures out of a model magazine and like send them in, you know, or they could take pictures of what's his name from an American, like a Christian. Christian for Bales. Christian. What are you called? Christopher. I call him hot. Christian Bales. American Psycho. That is really well worth seeing. You got a whole list you better start working on. So you're going to put our movies on it now. Peter boy. They're on there. They're already on. Well, they're getting there. Well, how, how do you know? Because I was not. Requiem for a dream. Happiness. The game, which I can't believe George hasn't seen again. Listen, you might, you might consider that to be better than the other ones. I might. Can't wait. I'm telling you, it's right up there. Right up there with Requiem and with happiness. Hopefully, I won't have to order that. I could actually go out and find that. Maybe somewhere. California with a K. Was damn good. American Psycho. Would you also haven't seen this as my list? I'm giving you a K. Yeah. Let's see. Dave. Oh. Says Eli Wallich was not in 12. I remember one of my favorites was in a million movies never to. Oh, yes. Excellent choice. In fact, he's in one of the mobots. Jack Warden. Oh, hello, Warden. Oh, Jack. Jack Warden. Right? Jack Warden was great. He was, I think he's in every movie that's ever been made. You must have. You must have. And he was also the judge in, uh, and just as for all. Never way. He was sitting on the toilet with a shotgun. It was right in down. He was so great in that movie. He was just again. See, that's a good example. Unsung. Al Pacitala would get all the credit for being in that movie. He was great. But Jack Warden was almost as good. He was the unsung hero. That's what we're looking for today. Here's Rich Packer, who says Sterling Hayden was also in the long goodbye one of the greatest, most underrated movies ever. And he nominated for a game of hurt. Isn't it worth him hurt like a little above this category? I would think so. Yeah. And he says PS Fargo still blows. You're a hard ass, Rich. He hates it. Well, maybe it's for two of us for you that I can't find it. I mean, there's a spot for it in both of the stores, right by my DVDs, but it's like sold out. So, somebody must have liked it. Now is there a spot for happiness and the stores you're going in? No. It's in other words, is not there's not even like a, a little bin with the name on it. Right, one of the, uh, the two places that supposedly had it didn't have it then. Because of you, somebody wasn't invited ahead of me. Okay, well, only, is for this, if all these people are running around by these movies that I'm talking about like happiness, other than the one lady who I had the feeling she saw along before I ever saw it, uh, where were the, where the comments were the calls were good, bad in different, where's the calls about Tom Jick is great awarding performance on a. A. Kaplan show Friday night and a spy reports, huh? Like everybody else, they must have bailed out of town. That's what's going on. Well, Christian Bales. And, uh, Neil, laughs. When you see that movie, you'll know exactly what I'm possibly, and at a very beginning, there's a scene where he's in the shower naked. And he's like, read, I mean, talk about vanity. He's got all these different potions and creams and he puts on the mask like a woman, you know? Yeah. And that's the thing, all these CE guys, if he, if his Wall Street firm, which we never really understand what the, uh, business is, right, Peter? Right. And it's some kind of a Wall Street firm doesn't really make any difference because it seems like what they do most of the, they've said booking reservations for lunch and dinner is they compare each other's business cards. Other than that, we have no idea what they do. Right. They took to make it generic. Yeah. And even if they're not hungry, they won't really care about what, as long as they got a reservation in some fancy exclusive restaurant, that's all I can. It's damn good, you like it. Now, this article by Bernie Sanders, and we have this on our website several days ago, pulling FBI's nose out of your books about the Patriot Act. I'm sure we did. I don't know whether that title maybe was on another title. U.S. represented Bernie Sanders represents Ramadas and independent. He's talking about the Patriot Act and about speaking of what we're discussing here today. What books you buy in a bookstore or in the library, what you books you rent, and what movies you buy in a music store because under the Patriot Act, the FBI's got the authority to obtain bank records, credit records, and certain other commercial records, only upon showing that the records requested related to the suspect that member of a terrorist group that had early on until a Patriot Act. Now they can now do whatever they want. We have one of our technical librarians because librarians are going to start getting their government employees, but that was with the Howard story. Now, but this goes back about a week. We had it trust me, trust me, just a one who liked rehash. Jack Warden underrated second choice, Eddie Albert. Oh, Eddie Albert. So corny. Movie to see, used cars with Jack Warden. See, I told you he's just about every movie. Use cars, bring any else. Oh, I saw him. And it's a old comedy like 70's comedy with Kurt Russell, I think. You might know. Kurt Russell. Yeah. Not a big Kurt Russell fan. I thought it was funny at the time, but then I was a small, small child when I saw it. And the Queen's logic is in on the independent film channel right now. So, I think if an old friend is the catalyst for reunion of New York City pals with Kevin. Ah, there's one for my list. Kevin Bacon. Right? Right? You don't think so? I agree. I think Kevin Bacon is great. Hmm hmm. And he's up. Any movie that Jack Warden isn't in Kevin Warden's in it. Kevin Bacon. How many movies does he make a year? Bob Birdman. He's in a lot of movies, I'll say that. But he's damn good underrated. Never a star, never like a superstar. He's also in JFK. Right? But that was a bad acting job. See, there's nothing worse. In fact, you know, even in California. And maybe I'm not picking. But Brad Pitt, the redneck Yahoo. I mean, he made the gurgling sounds real good. But that redneck Yahoo voice. I don't know if fake and affected. What was the movie he played where he died as her blonde? Diet. And he played like some northern, some northern ice fisherman skiing. I was like, I don't know what I'm talking about. I do. I don't know. Horrible bad accent. And there's nothing worse than guys who do bad accents. And they do the entire movie with a bad accent. But that was early. As opposed to guys who are like, like Jude Law, quite in realising until I saw an interview with him. Who's British? Right? If you see the movie, the talent is to replay, which you won't watch because it's a fat movie. If you see that, he just, the whole British accent just evaporates. It's gone. There's not one trace of it in that movie. It's gone. And then what's the movie we just saw with Jude Law, the other that I watched? Gaddaq. Gaddaq. That was good. With the Ethan Nahak. And there he's back to the bread action again because he's supposed to play that character. Okay. You might put Gaddaq on my list to a movie's and also the game. The game. When you see the game, you get in the game also. I didn't order it. Oh, why not? I can find it in town. What makes you so sure that? Can we talk about it? Nothing, I guess. One of the best movies of all time, Michael Douglas in the game. And it goes on and Sean Pennazon. And he's okay. His role is, you know, he's got kind of a relatively minor role. He usually is. He's always good. He was good in this. 11, even of course he's a comic-coming pickle bastard. 1127 at 5.60 WMD lights a West Boca, your super store for the Eccans died or any of the low-carb-shark free-died is introducing. There are new almonds, snack cakes by control carb. They come in blueberry banana or classic almond. Each serving is only one effect of gram acarb. Or sample the lights new chocolate raspberry muffin with only one gram acarb. And if you like to crunch, try one of their three new flavors of low-carb-rackage chips. So whether it's the carbolite ice cream, the bread's rolls, cheesecake's chocolates, pasta and sauces and they do have some of the best low-carb sauces you'll find on a planet. Or any of them are 600 low-carb products. The less the West Boca is a store that you'll love because it's entirely for you. There is nothing in that store that isn't low-carb and or sugar-free. And one of the good things about shopping at Delights is you can always try before you buy it. There's staff knows low-carb-died and inside and out there open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10. And they cure the most complete line of acarb-rackage products in the world. Another great thing about it may be the best is that accans products are always 25% off the regular price all day every day at Delights. The accans died as rated at the top. So head for the number one low-carb sugar-free store in the world. The lights of West Boca and you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades Road and 441 right next door to Boston Market. Or call them toll-free at 1-877 low-carb. Find them on the web if you like it low-carb.com. Don't forget it. There's only one the lights of West Boca and its official Atkins retail sales. My life and love this is 436. You're a new man. You fudge back him? Oh, Sarah. Oh, Sarah. Oh, Jim. Sarah. Sarah. Hmm? Shouldn't we be using, you know? Oh, don't worry. I'm using the new sponge. Oh. Hmm. Hi, guys. I just love these dead together. Don't you? Who's this? Um, Jim, this is Bob. Nice to meet you, Jim. Hey, I got a great idea. Let's play a game! Oh, who wrote your interrupting something here? Tencent! The new contraceptive sponge Bob shown to be 85% effective as a method of birth control. Consult your daughter to see if sponge Bob is right for you. Well, time to get back to work. Oh, good-bye. You got you dark in here? Bob? Yeah. 1131 at 5.60. Did you ever do come up with a mad dog or one? Hank from Shola State, too, at 3 o'clock after that you don't want to know. Here's a call from Delrayed Beach, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I love your show. It's a real hit today. Listen, you know, Christopher Walken's going to win this thing. But I don't think he belonged. I mean, he's a really acclaimed actor. He's been in seven million movies. But anyway, the guy I think should win. Wait, wait, wait. Hang on a second. I'm looking at the list. I thought we took Harvey Cutell off at her boys. No, that's what I thought. For Walken, Christopher Walken. No, I understand. He's leading, but I'm just looking at the results. For Harvey Cutell, I'm sure we took off the list and somewhere being employed missed in the communication and the list done. I just mentioned that in passing. Anyway, the my pick is, I don't frame damage in the bit on your list. A couple of weeks ago, I thought he was a huge acclaimed star, but he won. Anyway, I don't agree with you. Frank's apple was not a big commercial star. I don't agree with you. Frank's apple is more like a cult figure. Anyway, divine. The great actor from all the John Waters movies is one of my all-time favorite underrated actors. I think he's the youngest. It's a son or right now. Anyway, love your show. FMO. Have a great one. Thanks a lot, Pally. Got divine on there now. We got it. And let's get Harvey Cutell off it. And I wonder what do you think about Christopher Walk? And he does make a point. Well, while we're taking names off, you want to take him off of there too. Yeah. He's huge. I like him a lot, but, you know. Yeah, let's get those top two off of there. Okay. Let's make this level of playing for you. Okay. In fact, I tell you, I got a good idea. What we'll do every day when we take the pull. We'll keep our eye on who's in frame. We'll just keep taking it. Okay. There you go. Well, he's making a lot of show and deconstructed after words. Brad says, I don't understand you're not a big soprano's fan, but I found interesting that Steve Buschimey directed one of the more acclaimed episodes of the Pine Verans. Forget about it. Does that say something about his talents? And that was a very good episode. So, Steve Buschimey just moved into first place by default because he's got 16 votes. And the other two are coming off of there as soon as Eric gets around to it. I think Bina boys screw in with Eric's mind now. You know. Alex and Crowe Gable says, I know you have the big bucks, but I think you're going crazy. Plying all these DVD movies to watch them. Have you or George Ever heard of Netflix.com. It's an online DVD rental place. They have different membership fees, but me and my brother have the membership for for 20 bucks among you can read as many DVDs as you want. Never having out more than four to time. What happens is they mail them out to you. Watch them and put them back in the sleeve and send them back. Postages, P.P. both ways. And you can have them move out as long as you want. There's no time limit. Of course, since you can have only four movies. You can watch one, send it back. Lying and watch the other ones. They're receiving it and sending you out your next rental. There are sometimes a long way for new releases. But since you're watching mostly movies that aren't too new, you should have no problem. Says Alex and the Gables. Where does something for a schlepper like you, George? Well, it may be Hacker doesn't package as of advertisements from them. And I looked into it and I decided I'm not going to stick nothing in the mail. I'll be house sends you. You know what that's like? You know, my back guarantees because they know that nobody's got anything back. But I would not leave Alex and his brother are like, you know, they're desperate. It's borrow a friend's copy or maybe they live near the post office. What about James Woods? I don't think James Woods is in his category. Do you know? Is it a big actor? Right. And Lewis Gosset Jr. I don't think it's the... Is that the deal with how big of an actor he is? What does he have to do? He's not that he's underrated. No. No. No. I'll tell you who is. And he was in seven. Speaking of black actors. Is he too big? No. What's his name? Morgan Freeman. Morgan Freeman. He's too big. He's too big. And he's not underrated. He's rated very highly. Yeah, agree. Doesn't fit into our category. Everybody knows Morgan Freeman's a great actor. Who is the most underrated movie actor, actress of all time? I'll tell you this independent film show. We got me hooked. You got to be careful when you watch that channel though. Oh, I know. Well, that's okay. We can all press the button at the same time. No, not that. That's what I was talking about. I see us also were all the sued movies lit. Yeah. So it's a good end back. Backing movies too. It was one of the weekend, which I can't think of what the name of it was. Where the sky, these two guys who were buddies as a kids. And years go by and what them is like a real fruit fly. And he goes back and kind of like chases his old buddy down. And they eventually went up doing the feed, no, and the motel just to try to get rid of him. What the hell was the name of that thing? Very strange. Do you remember what I'm talking about? No, I'll think of it. Well, you know, it goes, it's in line with that RT-Farts thing. It's like a lot of gay stuff and a connection with any RT-Farts even. But I can't be all like real straight like Rocky or a picture show. Here's a lady in Hollywood, hello. Well, now I'm nervous because the person I wanted to tell you is never the leading man. But he's in a lot of movies and you may pick these two big. Now we'll see. Ed Harris. Now he's never the leading man. He's very big. I think he's an awesome actor and then I know some people who know him personally. So he's a great guy. I'm happy with it. But he never gets that starting role, but he's always, you know, the best supporting and anything he's in. Okay, well, I'm putting him down just because your chair was doing his thing right there. Oh, okay. You got it, thanks. Thanks, Neil. Bye bye. Why not? It Harris belongs on Lister. Oh, he's a great actor. He's in Glen Gary, Glen Ross. Do it a great thing. There you go. He wasn't in the game though. I still can't believe you haven't seen the game or Mercon's psycho. I feel like all of a sudden I have raised past you like you're standing still. And the reason for that being of course that I have much better video stories than you do. Right. And he's M.V. And I'm also like in a real city. Right. And it was the Canadian cable. Your satellite, rather. Right. My digital satellite. I mean my digital cable. Whatever. Hold on. My Rogers digital cable. Steve Buschim is got 18 at only 13. Here, oldman's got 12. Lejay Cobb 10. The most underrated movie actor actress of all time. What you may see, 18's burner. HFRIGES 5 Carl Maldon 5. Terence Stamp for Sterling Hayden 3 James Fader 3. Laura, see how you like that. See you there, Monchim Spader on there. You will allow your personal feelings just like I do like with Bruce Willis. I can't stand him or John Revolta. Oh, you know what they call a quarter pound of cheese in France? Gee. I will allow with cheese. You know, that's also going to be on independent film channel. This week called Fishing. And it keeps showing that that scene. That's the clip they keep showing. We're sure they're doing. At least they're not showing the one about the French fries with the mayonnaise, which we've all seen at clip. 80 billion times too many. A quarter pound of cheese. And thinking of myself. What? You know something is a good warning though. Okay. If you like, we're doing this violence. Absolutely. Meaning was artsy, fancy crap. And pulp fiction is perfect for you. And I realize I'm not supposed to say that, you know. Right? I like to say that. Okay. Didn't say that. I love that movie. In fact, you know what they call a royal with cheese. Quarter pounder with the froth. Froth. It's just so stupid. And like I said, just a bunch. And in fact, I see like in that movie a lot of like bully. All of bully was a true story. But it was just a gratuitously violent piece of crap. And not just a murder part, but just the whole thing. The whole damn thing was just violent from beginning to end. In fact, what other movie was there when he like just shows the woman down on the bed? Just slams her down. One of these, I can't, I can't even straight anymore. And I thought to myself, what that was just totally out of context for the movie. Just slams her down. Like, bam, yeah? As a lamb. I don't kind of stuff you like. 560560, Pond 560, on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Tamarack, hello. Hello, how you doing, Neil? Great. All right. With the actors and actresses? Right. How about the chloro-sleachment? She's been in 10 million and one thousand. Okay. And never had line up. Also, Peter Boyle, even though he's on TV now, he did a lot of good stuff before. And he never got to hit claim. Even with young Frankenstein. Okay. And one of the half-adentiferous YouTubeic. Two big. All right. And I got an idea for another one for Polfeu for another time. Lines from movies that pretty much whipped weeded away into the American fabric. That's a good one. You know, like, because I was watching the apocalypse three ducks yesterday, smelling they palm in the morning, even the offer it can't refuse. Have you got the things? I'm down here. And you got the medicine like when taking it anymore. Well, don't give them all out. Now there's no one having any calls on a pool. Yeah, but you could just figure out which one then you could change it around as to, you know, whatever way you want it. But, uh, I don't know. But I don't think that's anymore. Oh! Could he actually get that at four or five to start it off and then go to come up with it. Right. But I think that's how I do it. That could be the power for me. I think that might have a great day. Thanks. Did hear what I said? Nope. That's a good suggestion though, don't you think? Have we done something like that? We did? I'm sure we did. The great, the most memorable line from any movie. I don't think so. I think we're the guy. And there's no way we did. There could be like 7,000 of those. I know that. Maybe we did it while you were on vacation. Yeah. I know we did maybe you've done it. Maybe. How about? I want to make a monofroof. How about that? Huh? We did this. We did this. You did it. I guess. I didn't do it. Because we had dirty hairy one. We must go to the building. There's so many just from the three got far right now. What am I going to do? Make your treatment service. The thing you brought a prince all over your life. That's my favorite. The thing you brought a prince all over your life. I'm going to make sure. How about James Khan? He's too big. Oh yeah. Huh? He was he's gigantic. He's big. But he just you know if it's sad that he also doesn't get the credit for being a he's not like in that top run. He's between the very top run and the run that we're talking about today. You know he's in between the two top runs on the ladder. Which is sad. Maybe that's why I can't think he fades broke his kneecap. Five. There's a local of these six. These five six. There's a regular lawyer's. Oh, you way in. Oh, be. I'm not going to lie. But our cause is just. And our mission is clear. To desire him, he rock up weapons of mass destruction. To answer, I was saying support for terrorism. And to free the arising people. All the things he said, all the things he said, Then we go the hand now, we go the hand now, we go the hand. Oh, the things he said, all the things he said, Then we go the hand now, we go the hand now, we go the hand now, then we go the hand. It's. Jump that's tough. It's a jump that's tough. American and coalition forces facing enemies you have no regard for the conventions of war, of rules and morality. Iraqi officials have placed troops and equipment in civilian areas. billionaires attempting to use innocent men, women and children as shields for the dictator's army. The one Americans in all the world know that coalition forces will make every effort to spare innocent civilians from harm. It is a fight for the security of our nation and the peace of the world. But we will stay to make sure that the security necessary, the food necessary, the medicine necessary. The conditions necessary. The hecklinger. The hecklinger. The hecklinger. The hecklinger. The hecklinger. The hecklinger. The hecklinger. The hecklinger. The hecklinger. The hecklinger. The hecklinger. The hecklinger. The hecklinger. The hecklinger. The hecklinger. The hecklinger. The hecklinger. The hecklinger. The Changsman. The They must not have seen out the crowd is literally doing it and spreading it out the Coming in momentarily. People. It happens when it turns out that people are trying to scare Running Nation. they could still be underrated even if they have lead rules right i mean you could think somebody's underrated if they've had a hundred lead rolls you could still think that they're not here yeah yeah right leave a minor here is leave a mind my co uh... well you know hold and said in network leave a mind and we're that one yeah he's not underrated who had here is right could you read highly of the let's have a brawl over what you say that's the service a warning signal for the reluctant members of the united states come to serve as a warning signal at the point you're asking a regent that's what she was uh... uh... uh... give you a warning signal about six percent unemployment yeah things go ahead and i hand basket but other than that everything's looking at the meeting rosy adnorton yeah i was the point of this i think they were all suggesting at noron i see where that's got because it's got the stuff you were on the board of the court on their for the overrated okay like i said anyway where's the other facts that i already spent can't know here it is mic from cooper cities my wife and i see this is a response i can't believe it uh... i can't be sponsored something i'm asking about my wife and i were ready to record for a dream this weekend we both love that we found it at the video connection you've been in the video connection no where the hell is it be to hell on a me my cousin cooper cities we can't be that far from you and highly would says the directed a great job telling the story director is uh... their and aranosca should point out it says is he anything else i've been pie no and there's no e and pie it's like uh... the number you know our refrigerators always made some strange noises of an arm afraid of turning back on also ps of you see kids twenty two yet no i did not because i was warned that don't waste your time seeing it i was warned that the book was great remember we had the cost of fact saying don't watch it did you see it no dinner no i don't know i don't have a four to be spent in that much money i spent a little bit of the dollar is a big shot like me you know i'm always there gonna be crap anyway we're going to be a dream during aranosca that's the top of our list make no mistake about it here's rich in the right beach was very upset with your edge it's as a list of your show for twelve years but now it is becoming unbearable about three to six months ago George started this phony cacling laugh i guess it's going to be because it's constant must be doing like real low in the back of the zaccan here it all just set the microphone on where see there it goes get real emotional and real the fencing here all the yeah hapling again get real defensive tim skin' like i always told you are the first thin skin first i've ever known in my life oh no now oh my so fat in a spec when they call when he was screening a cause off the year yeah no you know what's going to tell me is her he'd start hooking at personality why i don't like other use to be whining about that stuff can can't talk than be obscenity not you ever�� literally oh my god you're you say even send cnougre 유리 Anyway, where was this lamp for the last several years did you just recently become funny? What a sickle fan it says. What a sickle. What a buttlicker. Also, I'm totally this before and I'll tell you again. Oh, oh, now did you read the whole thing? Sure. Of course I did. Well, and Richard Delray beat you an idiot. Okay. You're an you're a simple dude. And you've listened for 12 years. I think it's long enough for 17 whatever it is says. I've told you this before you. You can tell me this rich from now until the cows come home. And there is no tent. You should have Steve Kane host a few shows for you over to summer. Oh, yeah. One he has the time. I'm sure that. Two, the audience would love to hate him and three you share several sponsors. What do you do? Wow. I don't know what you have against him. I think about how against him he sucks. That's what I have against him. Okay. He always speaks well if you want to hear. I have listened to both. Uh, to both and George Wood and Holders in against Steve Kane and debate. We're not doing it a bait, Richard Delray beat. We're doing an entertaining radio show. Okay, Mr. Kane is about as entertaining as I haven't cancer than he can. And both knees. Just a pompous, self-aggrandizing right wing piece of turt. I'm going to put that piece of crap on this show. That'll be a cold day in hell. And I don't care what the least is about me. Okay, he's an idiot. You could put his whole guy damn audience in a phone booth but you have to make sure his punty room for the denture cream in a pong event. Because the media ages death plus 10 he's doing that stale old crap. You know, they amazing thing about him and I got it. The one thing I will say about him and I've said this before. Here's a guy who's managed to stay alive under your wood is 50,000 commercials on here with all his different body parts, phony knee caps and phony toes and phony of penises. And he's never had any numbers. Even back on WNWS, you know, Jerry Williams, REST in peace back in those days. Well, when Jerry left him back to Boston, they made after the hot seat episode that I had with Luke Cron. Well, they demoted me after come on this program director and stuck me back on the Redite. Thank you very much. And they made Alice Rantelle program director. And one of the most grotes things that that self-hating Queen Alice Rantelle ever did was bring in Mr. Eagle when putting him on the air. He used to come down and get off the air midday and there he'd be at the front door waiting with his tape. Vug in May. Oh, I want a job, a bababa. And Mr. Eagle got put on the air by Alice Rantelle. And even during our gigantic books, it was still a heyday of that radio station. He never had any number. In fact, the board ops used to call him behind his back. The three point man, because he had a three share. The rest of us had like double digits, you know, Alice is in there with an 8.9. I'm doing like 11 shares. Wishner's got like a 25 or 30 share overnight. And he's got a three point. Oh, and on the light bulb, did he have a number there? No. No. Was it was he on correct me if my memory is fading? Okay. Wasn't he one of the 50 people they tried an INZ back when we were doing the talk when I was on the other side. And after a cheap channel bought it, right, or Paxon, when a standy patent and all those people were a no no no no no no in the morning show when they had John Ford dollars that they were trying like a different morning show every month. I think he was one of them. I don't recall if he was. And had fractions. He had fractions on the light bulb. He's on a radio station now that nobody could even find it on the dial at both hands. Also as fractions. He's got no audience. So give it a rest already. He's had more than enough for a guy that has no audience and a guy that has no numbers. Certainly he had more than enough publicity this month when you think I guess probably everyone else when you're that much of a political see-how. So all the public right wing born again right wing and goop all is what he is. How the hell did it make a living? Yeah, did you ever see the show that he has them? Well, you wouldn't because you live in the county on public access on Sunday. I want to clock no you would I. You would crap your pants. You would last so hard. You'd actually have to change it over five times. And it's the show starts out. It's on public asses. The show starts out with like 10 commercials. Here we got to doctor with a phony this and a phony that and a phony ears and the phony nose and the phony boobs and all the other injections. And then we go to this background. It's like it's shot through an olium. Why am I wasting so much time on him? Why are you asking these questions? Okay. I bet like I said he's had more than enough publicity with all that diversity board bull crap and 50,000 articles and the newspapers and buddy nevens of course making a while of sunshine because he just loves his fellow homophobicer and Broward. And spite of the fact he tried to cover his tracks with another article this weekend. You're not full anybody buddy. Okay. You're not full anybody buddy. So anyway, make a long story short. The answer is no. The state Goldstein. But you can call me Calsey whenever I'm in town. I listen to wait a minute. I am in town. It's the 12th of a hour. Now on DVD from the director of Girls Gone Wild. She is the wild wild action. It's Amish Go and Wild. Joshua, you may observe my ankles. Oh, you are crazy girl. Under my dress, I am very lazy. Have you gone wild? Or wild. I tell you just wild. Amish Go and Wild. Check out my rap. You have a beautiful rock. May I touch it? Have you ever seen a nice, despise rock? Because I grossed on wild over here. Level 59 at 5.60. W.K. I'm happy Monday too. You know how flustered? Were you watching El Presidente or not? Yeah. God, real flustered and right in a push. And like he's not used to that. Because they usually have these well managed and right trolled crowds at the Heritage Foundation. Was it at the Heritage Foundation? No, not this. I don't know where this is. Oh, that's usually the kind of people he speaks in front of. The American Enterprise Institute places where they'll all be friendly and be sucking around heavy duty. And had their arm up at that 45 degree angle. Liser had found an Applebee salad. Oh, I. Coralville, Iowa. Hmm. Okay. I wonder if what's his name was their record? Howard. A customer at a restaurant in Iowa got a little something extra in the carry out salad. Liser had was found in the salad prepared at Applebee's neighborhood grill and barring Coralville. Applebee says the Liser had a test of negative for Sam Manella. Final results are expected today. Officials say the restaurant is now using pre-cut pre-clean lettuce for its salads. As opposed to like grabbing it all the back yard, I guess? Yeah. Don't you love that it's the Liser had tested negative for a Sal Manella. Doesn't make you feel a lot better? I'm going to have to stir five minutes. I should eat or relieve about that. But final results are expected today. That's kind of like an applebee's out there on sunrise you're off by me. It's just a place I would never go to. Good plan. Bad execution? Yeah. I have a message for Patty who sent me a very nice facts with a very nice offer but I have to decline since I already ordered the movie for Manella. What's he offered? She's going to put my name on a list to reserve happiness for me at this particular place. To reserve it? Yeah. Oh you don't want to have to wait. See this is embarrassing. But it's all done. It's done. I got my confirmation. No, but the fact that it's taking you this long you were supposed to watch this last week. And went out and tried to buy the guy the thing or rented or whatever and still couldn't find it. See this is what happens and remember we used to talk about that bastard Wayne when he was involved in both fingers in blackbuster and they put out all the mom and pop video stores. They put them all to business which was their whole goal. This good family enterprise. Blockbuster. Yeah. Put everybody else out of business and so they just aren't in our video stores anymore. Like there should be. And of course you don't have a sands or an HMV. I mean you got crap is what you got. If you've ever seen the HMV stores here man they got they got movies that haven't even made yet. They got them on DVD. You only think that pisses me off is they got a big selection of VHS is doing I can't find Edward or Bob Roberts and we're going to have to break down order it off. Which I don't mind doing it order it off the away but then you got away you know. Right. And me being the impatient prick that I am. Gary Sinese from Truman movie. Gary Sinese. Sinese I always say it there. Why? Why? How do I say it? He's going on. Gary Sinese. Totally. This is from a girl. Let's go without a facts. Thank you sweetheart. Gary Sinese. Remember that song I like Sinese? No. By money python? Oh that word. Phil says a really great committed character who's extremely underrated. I think is pull worthy and now here's what I never heard of Jack Black. Yeah he's in a lot of these comedy movies. Is Jack Black? Not really. He was an orange county. High fidelity and shallow hell. He also has a really great band. Sinese is the super fun guy. Okay let's put Jack Black on there okay. Why not? We're here to please. We're here to like because you never know. Maybe you get like a whole bunch of votes. He'll get Bob Bird man. Could be. PS and movie I recommend you to rent or buy as I am Sam with Sean Pani plays a good retard. Great movie. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm retired. Yeah. I'm with you. And that when I tried to watch the beginning of it and I was crying within five minutes so I had to change it. You were crying within five minutes. I was crying a pool of tears. I'm I'm exaggerating of course. It was just a lot of time. Because it's depressing. It starts out depressing and I'm thinking, Jesus it can only get a sound. Let's get some of that music on right now. Let's be getting depressing from Rick. We must get that on right away. See the thing about Sean Pani playing a retarder person. I'm gonna be in television. Okay we're good to see. I guess we can put Ellen burst on her but I think she's she was nominated for the Academy Award for this. She's not our favorite. Everybody says she's great in their rights. She's one of the all-time best. Keep the music going while everything's final. Mark said a nice apology for Mark with the eight page facts. Oh, so hey Mark if you'll facts me your email address. I'll give you a email address. Fine, what's going on man. Yeah. The most unarraded actor in my opinion says this is Alan Arkin. That's what we could use in that studio. The Arkin man. We should put him on her. I wrote a then down at the bottom of that. Okay. Alan Mark and just went on there. Oh, that music is just getting to me. I'll let you get into the Glenn Gary Glenn Ross doing a phenomenal job as usual. Along with that Harris says I know you're not a fan of his. What having said a few weeks ago he makes you want to vomit. When did I say that? I never said that. I never heard that. Alan Arkin makes me want to vomit. But hopefully he can still be added to the list. I have no idea where that came from. He's a master of dialect in accents. Got a yadako's on and on and on terrorizing a book. I never said anything bad about Alan Arkin. He must be able to have a confused with somebody else. A great actor direct in music. When you mentioned his name people most likely say, oh, he was great in a way, wait a minute. He was great in mash confusing with Alan Alde who sucks. Maybe that's who he was. Alan Arkin be my choice is the most underrated actor. Alan Alde Alde will be my choice actor. I'd like most to see it thrown under a train. If Alan Arkin is deemed to be too high provon, always not then John C. Riley will be my Alde in a choice. He's a low profile. Philipsy Moore Hoffman. In fact, the two are great friends who are routinely working together on Broadway. From heart eight to Magnolia to Chicago, he's a rising star. In 10 years he probably won't be eligible for this list for right now. He is who John C. Riley. Okay. She can to genie C. Riley? I think they're, uh, kin. If the PTA, he was a buggy knight. When we turned to see he was the friend, the friend of Dirk. He was a Dirk Diggler. Yeah, Mark Wahlberg's friend. The musician, the one that he was musicians with. Oh, that one. They had a great band. Oh, geez. Yeah. Yeah, that's so cute. Yeah. It is. Anyway, these movie shows him in fantastic. Let's keep this going all the way to summer vacation. Screw the rest of these vests. This should only drop their novices again. And oh, yeah, yeah, this is, this is excellent. Chuck and buck. Is the movie with the guy who tracks down his friend from childhood. Great movie. Yeah, well, you have to be gay to really enjoy it. I've seen that. I was, uh, I don't know. Chuck, I couldn't see what was a comedy here. I was, no, it was not a comedy. No, oh, are you kidding me? You see, they're not talking about facts. Okay. So let me tell you right now. One of the worst things about being gay is it happens to every single one of us falling in love with straight guys. Okay, believe me, I could make you a list. And of course, it always leads to the long bitter end. You know, there's always a long bitter end. All of this, yeah, in this case, there was like something bitter sweet. There was a happy ending. Happy ending. Well, actually, it was kind of like any, if I did him do his wedding and he showed up at the wedding. And then, oh, see, I just scroll it for it. No, that's okay. Chuck and buck S and F. I can't, I can't quote the line of this shit. That's the line that I was thinking. Yeah, that's the line. Chuck and buck. When it gets, they used to be their line. When it would stick their eyes to me. Mike White, who wrote the movie and played Buck, is a complete lunatic. It should be put away once he's done making movies. Well, we can see it. Yeah, Mike White. Anyway, it's, you don't gotta see that. Chuck and buck. Get appreciated. You're, you're sticking off that you didn't join. I'll give it a shot. I got a, I, I, I, I see. William H. Maysey Fargo. We got him on there. Funny you seen is between him and Bushimi. I'm not going to debate you, Jerry. This is, they, F, F, F, F, F. F. It's, it's low key in spite of what Rich Factor says. Rich Factor. Rich Factor. What's the, The, the, the, the, the Packer Factor on. Is he going to put that a rally off the air? No. The, the, the, the, the, the, the, the. I guarantee a Rich Factor could get, and probably better ratings than Bill O'Rolly on the life. Oh, because Bill O'Rolly's got the same as Norm can a big zero. You got zero Norma and quit column eye house. So, can I not there and quit bugging everybody? F, f, f, f, f, f, f, f, f. Now that I get rid of, while Lee's, the, and column appear. Don't call here, Norm. You'll hear a dial tone. So God damn fast. Unless it's a major, I mean, major emergency. Like maybe you lost your tickets to the Marlon game. And they're playing on the West Coast anyway. Well, he is one real chronic pain in the ass. But you notice, uh, bug, you don't notice because I haven't told you. But life is so much simpler now. Yeah. You mentioned that. You wanted to lie. Mom mentioned it again. Because I phone my phone really rings. You know, I really had reached the point in my life. And I'm not making this up. I'm not exaggerating. I couldn't sit down and take a crap. You know, I just concentrate with my magazine or newspaper letter. And just take a good healthy dump without the phone ring. At that point, you know you're getting too many calls from people who have nothing to say. You don't want talking about? Yeah, I know. But who is the most underrated movie actor or actress of all time? Is our poll question today? Excellent poll again. Thank you. 190 votes, which some got, uh, de-cube. We apologize to those people, but two bad you lose. Because we had to take to them off of their. Christopher Wachin and who else do we take on? Oh, that's when they forget. Somebody. Harvey Kytel. Right. Steve Oshimi has got 24 and only 17. Gary Oldman's 16. Brian Denny's got 15. I told you, he's excellent. He's a damn good actor. Lisa Cobb 13. James Garner 13. Kevin Bacon 12. Kevin Bacon is great. Yeah, yes. And there's just something about him. I don't know. And you don't watch him. And in. Use the play. I don't care what anybody says. He used to play Sarah's son on guiding light a hundred years ago. Oh, it's picking a guiding light. Is that your getting hot again? All of a sudden, huh? I just mentioned that for my five soap operas. These aren't there and queens. That's your is just smoking these days. The old guiding light. And the good news is I see that also a day and not just passions. I see a day hit here, but a guiding light because they still show it a three. But it's the next day's episode from what the people of San Florida would see. As usual, South Florida 24 hours behind the rest of the North America. James Garner 14. Lejay Cobb 13. Kevin Bacon 12. William H. Mason 10. Jeff Bridges 10. Everybody else single digits. James Spader 9. Crumbald and 7 Eli Wallach 5. Hey Eli, hurry up and eat the canole. William. Hi. I thought we could reason together. Seriously, his acting in that movie is so bad. There are people on death row for lesser offenses than his acting in that movie. And the guy was right. He ordinarily was a great actor for years and for about 100 years. There are at least maybe about 30 minutes. Yeah, legendary Eli Wallach. And you think that they wanted him to camp it up that bed. That was the intention of the character who knows. I mean, there was so many people. You were talking about with Pacino and the fact that he just did such a horrible job in Donnie Brasca, which he did. And I think the same may have been through a here. They may just have said, well, they were sure on time and on budget and they'd right, paste the whole thing together. We'll fact and they put that big nose, the Maria, Sophie, whatever. It was a couple in there. Yeah. And they had George Hamilton and there were Tom Haken should have been. Hmm. I mean, what business was he in there doing? George Hamilton care. I guess anybody that was hanging around on, you know, near the set. But you busy now? Yeah, you busy Jordan. Well, come on, you can play the lawyer this time. I mean, he was no Tom Haken. What a hell is the Tom Haken line? Jesus Christ. Exactly. Yeah. What was that? All about. Tom, killer. Fill it up. Oh, just a 10 kilo round looking for this line. I can't find what I don't even know what that one looking for on here. Oh, here it is. I'm thinking about. Well, let me tell you something. My crock, Nick, friend. She's all that time just to find that. Or nobody can feel time like I can. I'll say that right now. 560560 pound five 60 on a 18 and 10 Verizon Wireless Line. So Jack Black, Alan Arkin and John C. Riley we added on it. I would know John C. Riley if you walk in here right now. I have no idea who that is. Tell me something he was in. But I can't picture him either. I can picture him from buggy nights. You got curly hair like baby. Oh, yeah. I mean, you couldn't tell me who he played. Yeah, he's the friend. He's the one that he was in the bandwidth. The band in the band with dirt digulous. He was one of the he was he was digling dirt in the band. The voice in the studio. Whether this studio making that great demo tape. Yeah. And dirt digulous. Such throwing kicks. Croidie kicks at the guy. It is so hard. So 13 at 560. WQM. Let me tell you right now. If you're a big and fat man like Ron Jeremy with it without the hair. Here's the answer for your balance for life. There was a thing on Ron Jeremy on I think on IAC over the weekend. God, he big and fat and disgusting and a thing around. Never forget as long as I lived the fact that he actually was offended by the fact that I talked about how fat and disgusting he was. He was very offended by that. Let's put say that. Hey, Ron, you're fat and disgusting, okay? And like came out in our polio today, people think that's a fat folks, especially the big huge fat are pathetic. Remember that polio took that to my own days ago? Disgusting. Well, if you're trying to be disgusting and I'm a shape and lethargic and diabetic and dying over there. Here's one of the answers for your balance for life. Not like I've always told you before. Not every diet or weight loss program works for everybody, but this just could be the answer that you've been looking for. If you've failed on all of the others, the low carbs and the diet pills and all of that stuff and you still fat and tubbing frustrated, balance for life might be the answer. Because it makes it so simple for you. You have no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting, no figuring out to do. How do you gotta do is be able to get from wherever your ass is sitting to your door by six o'clock every morning or when if you get up? And there's your food for the entire day waiting for you in a little black sack. Three delicious gourmet meals, two delicious snacks delivered right to your doorstep and your sack every day. And you choose between two different meal choices for every meal every day that's run a program. That's it. That's the only choice you'll have to make. And the food like I always tell you is fresh and delicious. There are chicken dishes and beef dishes and they're like Chinese dishes and you know, just all kinds of good stuff. Raps and stuff, no cratches raps. So that balance for life help you lose that way. The easy painless way and quickly and fat and disgusting also unhealthy, which is the most important part. Cobb balance for life. You're too tough to give this a try because it just might be the answer. You've been searching for for a long time. 9-5-4-5-6-832-29. That's a number to call. 9-5-4-5-6-832-29. And watch those pounds melt away or visit their worldwide website at balanceforlife.com. 14-5-6-7-9-9-9. Accordingly, we have mercilessly taken a thawing material out of context without endorsement or permission from those depicted. It is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible. We hope we reach that goal, or at least major lines. Good morning. I'm Senator Hilary Rodem Clinton from New York. I was pleased to hear President Bush announced millions of Americans are without the money they need to get by. Left to wonder how they will pay rent by food and purchase clothes for their children. Is that the kind of America we want in 2003? In my state, we do. We owe hardworking Americans, nothing. The Senate, the House and the President should make a joint New Year's resolution, that would leave millions of Americans to begin the New Year with empty pockets and little hope. Many will be forced to leave their homes and take their children to shelters. I'm Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton, and I wish you and our country, difficult economic times. Thank you for listening. Oh, right. Covetina 56, look at that market sub-98 points. The House of Ottawa is 8703 in the NASDAQ sub-20 points to 1540. The only problem is the dollar is more than crap. Wow, that's your problem. And we got record unemployment on my record, but modern day record unemployment over 6% and lost two and a half million jobs in the last two years. And the year always now a dollar 16. Oh, hi, and a Canadian dollar is all about 72 cents. It's almost like summer was 62 cents, huh? It might be worth a dollar someday. Oh, I don't say that. Oh, my God, are you shmitting me? Oh, I see. Now, Chuck and Buck suck, Anna, and I forgot. I could actually say the first word they were coming. We're so pissedified now by all these, uh, this repression. Chuck and Buck suck in, and the other one I can't say yet. Please have to take care of you. Don't take. All right, let's go. Oh, this is late night video. It's this is on movie. All right, you don't get that channel either. Do you know why do you lose? Here's TR. Our dark skinless news says on his facts, uh, my choice would be tied digs from the list. T.A. Y. E. M. I. S. N. R. Right time. Tidegs. And Omar F's. Tidegs and Omar F's. I'll have a time. Lauren Spishborn. Sean Patrick Thomas. Neal long says they've all been quite a few flicks. Some are burgeoning superstars. All are gifted actors doesn't foot lose to squallify the lead from his list. Meaning Kevin Bacon. You could be in a lead and still be underrated. Kevin Bacon is not a mechanic or with the top actors. Are you kidding? No, in fact, very. In fact, Kevin, Kevin Bacon to me is the perfect guy for what we're talking about here. Did write a lot of people make fun of him. He's a laughable guy to a lot of people. But he's a very good actor. Don't be knocking Kevin Bacon. Okay. I was my kind of guy. Well, not necessarily. Let's see. Greatest, DJ Cobb role. Willy Lom. Oh, my god. Am I slipping or what? CBS TV in the 60s. He did death of the salesman. Willy Lomin. More like in the 50s or early 60s. Had George Siegel in a two as Biff. Played Willy Lomin. Death of the salesman. I'm sure played in my Broadway, right? And DJ Cobb. Thank you, Fred. Which one's the list? Are we putting on there? I always ask you that now. The tie digs. Sure. And I have no idea who that is. T.A. Y. E. He's black. Y. Y. Black and bald, right? Yeah. Treshtratford. He got a gap between his teeth. He looks like Treshtratford. Right? Well, speaking of a gap between his teeth. The guy in Chuck and Buck. The guy who was the straight guy that was getting married that he was being pursued by his former buddy. We'll eventually do it by the way. That won't run the movie for you. He has a gap in his teeth. In a little unusual to find an actor's got like a gap in his teeth. Kind of like Danny Heatley from the Atlanta. Whatever your name is. Huh? I was going to say Atlanta flames. They're the trashers. You know, these these ridiculous franchises. Hockey's a big trouble by the way. Anybody care about the playoff? Oh, oh, they're a big trouble. Auto wet and new jersey. Anna Heim and Minnesota. Oh, my god. Oh, Gary Betman. Kiss it goodbye, baby. Say goodbye. Oh, no, what's it? What kind of movie is this? Looks like an S&M flick. He's got that belt out and he's batting this kid on the ass. Looks like you're kind of movie George. S&M flick. It's a guy to grow, right? No, it's too guy. Oh, no, it's not a sex scene. He's like punishing him. Here comes the chase. Here comes the girl. I see. Oh, that's Mama's seat. Feed up the road. What is it party in your pants? That's my opinion. I'm like this. Yeah, the party's over. Diz party's over. And the rumor we're here. Does it's really boring over there? It's a common doos. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. But at least he had puked in a waste basket anymore. He probably did when he saw those numbers come out for party. Ernest Borgna and he won the Academy Award for Marty. That's underrated. Maybe we got across him off of the Ernest Borgna. Huh? We put him on there. Sure. At least I had him on there under George Glee. Yeah, we put him on. Yes. We, what are you saying? Overrated. Well, wait a minute. Just because somebody wanted to Academy Award doesn't mean that, huh? How about we take him off just because he sucks? Get out of here. You don't like Ernest Borgna and he else, maybe? I don't need. I hated that show. Ernest Borgna was a good actor. Oh, you know, he was always Ernest Borgna. Right. You know what I mean? Yeah, I know. Like I said, take him off of there. Please immediately. Okay. Get that message across to Orlando. Oh, God. That's a better lander, but I mean the Eric in Orlando. Let's wrong with Claude Reigns for the pull. Claude Reigns was a big star in the 30s and 40s. You couldn't me. Claude Reigns, it would be like saying, how about Lawrence Olivia? Yeah, Claude Reigns was huge. But thanks anyway, Phil and Crosbyn says, at least you got rid of Horton and he brought down there. And I made George happy. Okay. The facts is they're just ficking in man. They're pouring in here. And of course, we're going to have some people out there saying, they haven't said a yet, but they will. Oh, too much of this movie stuff. It's been going out over a week. No way. You know what we like it. We like it. It's a nice change of pace. I didn't do too many bedtime stories today. Just enough to what you're appetite to look on our website, yourrodju.com and find out what's really going on here. How about Angelica Houston says somebody? And you say, I've only ever heard Ray brief use about her. I don't know if that makes her overrated underrated or just right. I would say just right. Okay. Angelica Houston. I just wrote it down. Angelica, is that how you spell it with an ANJ whatever. ELIC and Jelica Houston. Lots of worse fun. Okay, whether it's right or not, because we don't really care about it's not even though Eric is very, very picky about it. And if we ever miss flying thing because Bina board gives wrong information, he calls and starts bitching him out big time, which I like. I like. In fact, I would, you know how many tens he's called him already today? I'm turning man. That's what I'm hearing. That's the room we're up here. It's all over town. Change Spader's got 10 votes. He a little faith. How do you like that, huh? Most underrated actor or actress of all time. You just don't like him. So therefore, you know, I mean, like Sean Penn, I never liked him that much, but he was then good in this movie last night in the game. He's all you got to see the game. I will. Three movies you must see this week. Happiness, even though I know it's illegal in South Florida, happiness, the game and American cycle. Pussyco. Pussyco. There will not be one of those three that you won't say. Outstanding. Outending standing. And if you get like a little spare time, Chuck and buck, suck and good luck. Isn't that the other part of it good luck? Take a truck and good luck. And in hockey, we shoot the puck at Caduck's. And let's play the thing about Donald Duck. Twenty seven past noon at five, 60. Well, I see our government in action for you. Maybe the word police and I would got the terrorized Canada over to pot laws. Police, oh, brother. The bully of the world. You were saying you were saying the bully of the world. I want to get in shout it down. It's good. I think it's a pretty good. I think he's going to get his ass whipped worse in next year's election. And that he did 1992. I really believe that. We got everything crossed in here. Crossing my legs, my eyes, my nose, my ears, my toes. I got my legs crossed so tight now that my nuts are like, you know, vice. In fact, even if I don't do that, the way things are going in the US right now. All of our nuts are pretty much in the vice. Although the markets, zoom it up today. Let's hear it. Even though we got this rampant unemployment in the dollars worth about 50 cent of your world's. I'll tell you right now speaking of price. One place you won't get ripped off and it's dry concepts. Most carpet cleaning companies are notorious for giving you one price before they start working and then when they get that all. And by the way, we got to add this on and that on. They've come up with these per room scams. You know, they tell you how much per room and then at the end of the job. They like double or triple it. Not with dry concepts. They give you a written guaranteed price before they start cleaning your carpets. They roll up their sleeves. They dry clean your carpets and your furniture and your pulse free and all your good stuff. And they make them look just like brand new. And you don't have to worry about rebusks. Like I said, you got the price right up front before they start to work. So whether it's your carpeting, your draper, your expensive area rugs, your oriental rugs, your leather furniture, whatever it might be. Dry concepts will make them all look just like brand spaken new at a very fair price. And at a job, the which nobody else can duplicate. Believe me, that's why I've used them for over 20 years in my house. Even all my picky relatives and everybody I know uses dry concepts. You'll absolutely fall in love with these people. Call them toll free. Don't forget, their carpets are drying a couple of hours. They smell them any fresh and you're ready to go on with life in no time at all. 1-800-248-5071. That's a toll free number from anywhere. 1-800-248-5071. It can check out their website if you like a dry concept.com. And it'd be the truth when we tell you with dry concepts you can clean today and entertain tonight. 5-800-248-5071. If you've had a hard attack or a stroke, the last thing you need is another one sneaking up on you. Oh, you've got better things to do. I can't have a stroke! Football's on! Flavix is proven to help keep blood playlists from sticking together and forming plots, which helps keep your blood flowing. Yeah, it really helps with my blood keeps on flowing! Side effects include gitching rash diarrhea and bruising. Demons are messed all over my bruised itchy rash! Find out if five eggs can help protect you from another heart attack or stroke. It's working! I'm taking my platyxia redation point out. Aren't you pleased with that? Excited. And I'm still alive. 1231 at 560-WC and Bush Alley said the profit from the war on terror. This is a story about, uh, it was on our website yesterday. Do we want that? Yeah, about James Woolsey, former CI boss, and influential that the guy that says we're in WWE 4 and everybody better look out. His director of a US firm aiming to make millions of dollars from the war on terror. This is in the British observer newspaper. Woolsey, one of the most high-profile hocks in the war against Iraq and a team member of the Pentagon's defense policy board, is director of the Washington-based private equity firm, Paladin Capital. Paladin was suspected of raised $300 million from investors by the end of this year. Calculates it in the next few years, the US government will spend $60 billion on anti-terrorism that would not have been spent before 9-11. The involvement of one of the most prominent hocks in Washington with a company standing cash in on the fears of potential terror attacks will raise eyebrows and some quarters. And it goes on about how Woolfowitz and Woolsey, the European 2001, where he argued the case for links existing between Saddam Hussein and Al Qaeda, which might have been still on have those all now. More phone even though any documents. I just mentioned those things in passing. You can read on our website. So what have we got? We got the latest ones we added. We're Jack Black, Alan Arkin, John C. Riley, Thai Diggs, Robert Shaw, Tim Curry, Kid Curry, Angelica Houston. Yep, you like, you like curry? No, I don't, actually. Actually, I do like it, but it tears my stomach up. Remember I used to tell you about that great time. I was reading it when I first came up earlier last year. What I don't like is it used taste it for a week out towards? Yeah. There's some other things like that too. The L.K. 567.0560. Tuck and buck. Who carpet? Conterstimate. Yeah. Like comes on? Yeah, it's fine and I fit. Fine and I fit. Fine and I fit. I can do that. Hold feet with David, suck, cliff and John Louise Kelly. What is that? That's what it's familiar. It's a series. It's on the IFC. It's in a repeat of the series opener. Commitment, phobic, Adam, meat, Shelley, father to be peat deals with his insatiable pregnant wife. David, suck, Cliff and John Louise Kelly. Oh, yeah, it's right. I don't know what that, honor. 567.051. They have a lot of like, uh, pornographic stuff on it. A lot of x-rated language and stuff. And we don't want to be, uh, did it on the other side. Because Tom Jickle right now, the column. We said crap. Here it is. It's after 1230 already. We have one call. One spy report on that. I took a show for it tonight. So nothing must have happened. You know, you didn't get the facts. I fasted you about it. No, that fell through the facts cracks. Why did you actually send me one? Yeah, let me dig through it. Oh, you better take through and send to me again. I must have been during that period of time when you were. Yeah. It took a little bit of a screwed up down there. I never got one facts. But I'm not surprised by anything anymore. Here's a call from Jupiter. Hello. Yes, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I should say good afternoon. I start blowing in the morning. I'm so curious of things that I wrote down on the first of all, the movie business has conducted a poll approximately a year and a half ago, dealing with the best watched movies over and over. And number one was the Rocky Horror movie show. Right. And number two was Casa Blanca, which surprised me. But I'd like to mention that NBC, there will be a special, two-hour special on the 50 greatest heroes movie heroes and the 50 greatest villains in the movies on June 3, on NBC. Okay. But that might be interesting. George had mentioned something approximately a year ago, dealing with the scariest guys in a movie. And I have my two people that if you've never seen the movie, maybe you should, Robert Mitchum and Knight of the Hunter. Did you ever see that? Never saw it now. And Robert Montgomery in Knight must fall. They were the scariest. I have a couple other things if you don't mind. Go ahead. I have a character actors here. By the way, I'd like to mention a recommend a movie to you, that I saw a couple times, and I think it's one of the greatest movies. But it was a pan-than-pan because of overruns in the cost. And that was Michael Samino's Heavens Gate. Did you ever see it? No. Did you ever hear of it? Yeah. It's really, I really recommend seeing it. It's a great movie. By the way, I do like your laugh. You're not on old about George's, but I like your laugh. And Mark Twain said, you've been telling my man, by the way, he laughs. I don't know. Well, they owe Samino's man. Thanks a lot, pal. Okay. One other thing, if you don't mind. In closing, yes. I do have a character actors that I've listed down. My favorites. Fritz Weaver. Frank Morgan. James Earl Jones. Thomas Mitchell. Albert Decker. Edmond O'Brien. Yeah. Walter Brennan. Um-hm. Eliza. Oh, junior. Right. I come to be your off. Right. And reach us to me. Okay. Thanks. Right. See you. That's it. We used stop. Five, six, seven. Oh, he was good until he got to the list and let's go a little bit upon this all the way. Didn't get that music. I got to go to get that music. I'm going to be on television. The scene where they all come inside. I mean, you know, I take back what I said about renaming that movie Reckroom for Dream. It shouldn't be. So you think you got troubles. That could be one name. But the other could be life in South Florida. No, no, no, no, seriously. That's why it's so important that everybody who lives or is even visiting South Florida See that movie because South Florida being the drug capital of the Western world. And also, I'm talking about illegal street drugs and also being the drug capital of the world in terms of senior citizens who are all drugged up and also old the lonely desperate people. Very sad. I'm going to be on television. And they all come in and she's looking to stamp. She gets her package from the mailman. She fills it up and they're telling her how to spell her name. Sarah Goldbara just going to get out. And she writes it out and then she puts it in the envelope and puts the stamp on it. And they all march with her right out of the mailbox. Like, like, ducks following the mother. No, no, it really is sad. In fact, that movie, that part of it anyway shows you the malice of the whole concept of this condolence in South Florida. You don't find that almost any place else right. Haven't I talked about that for years. You go to like any large city. And you go to any part of town. There's old people and young people people in between. Not in South Florida. All the condol command was just the whole concept of life. There you go to like, sunrise lakes. And everybody's over the age of 100. You go to certain parts of Hollywood. Everybody's over the age of 100. You don't find that NLA or New York or Chicago or Detroit or Philadelphia. And anywhere. I mean, you'll find like Sun City in two son or I'm talking about an amager metropolitan area. And again, it comes back to that fall. Yeah, kill that music. It's good. Me psychotic. Let's see. Here's the facts. You got to get the tape of Ed Kaplanchur around 1250. Tom Jick actually ripped you an ass. Parafraise. Hey, how about those mighty ducks worth. They put together by Brian Murray the same. Brian Murray reenewed his robot of Tom because Murray supposedly didn't know as much about hockey as Neil. Well, let me take you this time, Jick up right now. Okay. Brian Murray almost singlehandedly destroyed a Florida Panther franchise. And the fact that his team got real hot at the right time now, just like the Panthers got real hot at the right time, what the hell is that happening with anything? It says, well, nobody knows as much about hockey as much as Neil, right? Nobody knows about as much anything as Neil is. Do they all at Thomas to must have gotten to your town. All right. Then he brought up some usage of the word Schmidt ward by you and some unconvincing response you had, etc. What this had to do with sports. I don't know. It seems like he wanted to pile on. None of this was started by a car or he just brought it up himself. Oh, yeah. He didn't imitate the sound but you play about him. He's involved in these stupid. Might make a nice drop in. How do you like that? It's a little Tommy. I used his opportunity on here like a rip back. But the fact of the matter is you can't take the heat time because you don't write about local radio or TV and you only think you ever wrote about the, which I'm not looking just about me. There's a city and other things going on. Like the Mr. Ego controversy. Always got more than enough of coverage on that. But you write nothing. In addition to which you can ask all the Panther fans what they thought about Brian Murray. They'll tell you the same thing. I wasn't the only one with the no-bm buttons. We know what they did to the franchise. You can make one hell of a, a, a, a, a, a contending team with the people that he dumped out of there. I mean, that's a sad day in hell when a guy's got to go on here and make a case for Brian Murray because his team got hot just at the right time and it'd be for to play offs. Which is what the play offs in hockey are really all about. Shame on your little Tommy but I'm really glad I'm getting to him. That's good. Because the fact of the matter speaks for itself. And did he write anything about your way of the game? Oh, we did cast off. Right thing else has been going on in market and you want to know why? Because you're lazy time you're lazy. If you're supposed to be writing about radio and TV, which I didn't know you're writing about hockey these days, but that's okay. We can use an upgrade. But if you're writing about radio and TV, you should know what else going on in local radio and TV. And you don't seem to be too well aware too much in touch even though I'm the one who's out of touch. And I must also frost his ass. I'll guarantee he didn't change his tune. I'll let he wrote a, a year ago. About how out of touch I am with a market and how is he going to do this and how's he going to do that? Yaddy, yaddy, yaddy, I remember that? How do we just get this book book book that came out, which is also radio TV news? Was he didn't write a word about it to the best of my knowledge? Did he write anything about the ratings that we know of? No. Oh. I love it. Sam Clay, you dug that out of the pile again. 1241, 19 till one at five, 60 WQM. If you're in a dead end job, like for a little Tommy there writing about all those Puck pieces about network TV shows. If you want a real job and a new hot pan computer queer making some big bucks, call her friends at fast training and get the training and just for short months you can have a real life or real career and a real big fat paycheck. Just call 1-8-6 fast train. 1-8-6 fast train they offer can be in a dating weekend classes. Check fast train on the web at fast train dot com and get out of your dead end job. And of course because they got locations all over town is valuable. It can be in the to where you live. They're in Miami. They're in Kinnville, temperpins of Orlando. So there's about to be a convenient location like I said nearby you. And when you're on there online register at fast train dot com to get your free American flag bumper sticker as well. Get out of your dead end job. Say goodbye to your schmuck boss and get yourself a real life and real career with training from fast train. Call them today. There's no obligation. They'll explain the how it works. Call toll free. 1-8-6 fast train. And more. This is 4-3-5-6. 2-3-5. 2-3-5. Yeah. This is Tom Jreka. If you just pass along to the LN mail but the reason I call was that I thought maybe you could tell me I haven't tried to get those guy damn ratings. Tough wins he's going home sick. Gosh, Darryt says he doesn't have the authority to give them to me. You know, call Greg Greed. I couldn't get him. So you know, I mean the the last number they gave me was to call you. If somebody would get me to guy damn ratings I'll pay the king as I'm sure I'm only kidding but that is the problem that I do want to do a story on and I'm just having trouble getting. I'll talk to you. I'm down little plumbing. Everything will be fine. I make some plans with my bad ass sitting down. Walk to the do. I just go home to use my brains or to fill it. Buy our own beer. Now I say all smiles will smudge me. All the money that I see. Like a false imprint. I believe they're my friends. And they're really narrow about being. And always prove convincing too. So the story on today's main. I know that they're in the minds as the group is of the Lord. I love my com. My money's gone. That's what I've been waiting for. They pay for my family. I'll say it's not a great but I have to put the hat so I should be alright until it come or me. I know it's true. Good bitching too. So the story on today. I've got the proof. I have the face it through. Got the story on today. You know I'm looking at that picture with Jose Santos on funny sign. And a little thing in his hand it looks like it says rail back on it. I think there's any significance in that. No. I don't know nothing about through by racing anymore. I'll be the first one to admit that. Although I do know about batteries. But then again, little Tommy there. See what? I didn't hear it myself. I'm just judging that. I want facts. I must have gotten to him. Good. Good. That's a good start. I mean if you're going to write about radio and TV at least. Understand what the FCC ruling is on the seven words in about language and then decency and I'm sending. Understand that. Understand how they change it as they go along like the fines that they let me out. We've had a taste of. Understand what it's all about Tom. But no anyway, here's the facts. It says spelling corrections. What is this pretty embarrassing Eric? I mean a vener boy. Peter Laurie. We have spelled LAURIE. Oh, that's Laurie. Laurie London. He's got the whole world. Peter Laurie. L-O-R-R-E. Did you get these spelling corrections? He is now. And it's George Kennedy with a G. Not with a J. I realized that this is a heavy, uh, as Samuel, uh, staff we got here. George Kennedy with a G. I went with a Jorge Kennedy. Oh my god. I could be wrong. I could be wrong. But I do not think that one was me. Clarice Leachman, LAA, not LAA, not leach like in a blood sucker. Why not? Because that's not how she spells it. Here are a few says this, uh, Tim Roth. Who's Tim Roth? He was in, uh, a whole bunch of things. Was he a reservoir dog? He wasn't reservoir dogs. He was saying the Chevy, I think. I get them confused. He's my vote for, uh, the overrated list. But what do I know? Really? Yeah. Well, let's not put him on or because they're on this fact. They got three other ones. We have. Tom, sorry. Which I thought we put on early and we didn't do it. I guess not. I thought we did. Tom. He scared. Maybe you pursued S.K.E.R.R.I.T.T. You got it? Peter? Good. Ed Vins from 12 Angry Men, Patten and the verdict. He was the Bishop in the verdict. Ed Vins, the INNS. And James Gregway, the German Carthie, wannabe in the mentoring Kennedy. There's three good ones for you. Was this pass on to Wolf Wolf? What again? I'm a good one. The last one after Ed Vins. James Gregway, in a relation to Jeff Gregway, the harness racing driver, young and formerly a pop at a park. But that's right. I don't know nothing about that either, Tommy. I love it. The fact that we actually got a rise out of him. But there could have been too many people listening on the other night. Do you think? No, never. Fine. No. I'm talking about when Jickle was on on a Friday night. But third man. Was he his following Marlon baseball? What does that say? Oh, I've gone, Tommy. Stand up and be a man, be counted. 560, 560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T line. The most underrated movie actor, actress of all time, Steve Buschemey. 34. Gary Oldman 25, Ed on Neil 24, James Garner 20. Brian Denny 20, Kevin Bacon 18. And Harris 15, Legia Cobb 14, really made May 14. James Spader's got 13 George. Jeff Bridges 12, Carl Moldin 11, Eli Wallach 8, hurry up and eat another canole me for it's 2 Lady Lie. I thought we could reason together. Easily the worst acting performance. And then when he goes to see the assassin and his amulal sounding son there. Ah, Cape Bonny. The dialogue is so ludicrous. I mean, Cape Bonny, Eli. Man, solo una spinna. See Peter Boyle 7, Francis McDermott 6, Sterling Hayden 6, Clarice Leatman 6. Peter Laurie's got 5, we got the spelling straight down on that. Terence Stamp is got 4, Tim Curry's got 4, kick-coreed on have any. Laurie during 4, Devines got 3, how about any divine? Punk your magic twinger, froggy. John Cousall's only got 3. Oh, my. John Cousall is only got 3 votes. Are you kidding me? That's the pressing. I can't remember things. I'm smart. I can't remember anything. I'm smart. And I want the spin. Yeah. And you know where we go to get respect, don't you? Yeah. See, I can't figure out what these are. What these are. Yeah. Seriously, I can't figure out what these are listed. That's probably because Biner Boyle, which we appreciate the hard work. But I don't know. John Cousall. Yeah. You're taking a sparing part. See? And then they'll rest at either 1 or 0, OK? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's the call from Lantana. Hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Only only. Uh, uh. Hey, Bonnie. Sorry, man. I hate that movie. But, uh. Don't be sorry. Don't be sorry. You have a lot of company. Thank you. You all that? Yes. Yes. You liked it? I loved it. I thought it was the ending was hysterical. Yeah. Well, it was pretty twisted. Right. You didn't like it? I liked it a lot, but it was real twisted. Well, that's what made it great. It was sick and twisted and bizarre. And the ending was, uh, didn't you just about pee or pants at the ending? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Doggy had a nice little hole. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Okay. But anyway, if you liked that, then I have to recommend a movie directed by the same guy called Story Telling. Yes, something mentioned that before. Uh, yeah, it's not quite up to happiness standards. But, um, there's some interesting things in there. And one in particular, uh, with a black guy and a little white girl, that's pretty pretty. Okay. Um, and also, is Phillip Seymour Hoffman on the list? No, because he's like too big, I think, isn't he? He's not a white boy. He's not a white boy. No, you're right. He should be on there, because he's never to lead actor. You're right. He's great. He's the best man. Yeah, you're right. Um, and also, I do Netflix. Yeah. It's incredible, man. You should try it. It's really great. Yeah, but that's for George Dough. That's for you. Slappers don't want to write it. When I, you know, I just didn't do a patient for that. Oh, all right. I want to go out and, you know, put some money in the circulation. Help me economy. Okay. Okay. Thanks. I'm in. Phillip Seymour Hoffman. How come we resisted putting him on there? Because he's great. Who? Phillip Seymour Hoffman. He was in a movie that you never saw in, which if you're lucky you never will see. Oh, he was in that. That's a set of a woman. And he was in another one that you'll never see. Even though you should, you'd like to movie, tell them, Mr. Ripley, but is it because of the fact, element you won't see because your free to bed for your image, which at this point I don't think it can hurt anyone. No, not at all the reviews that I've heard other people get. What? That it's sucked to the, no, it's not sucked. That's absolutely wrong. It's an outstanding, I've seen it a whole bunch of times. That's because of Matt Damon's dinner because it's a fact. It's a really good movie. Okay. Tell you what it's great. When it comes on cable, I'll watch it and say, It's a killer. It's a thriller. Jude Law is great in it. I can't imagine. Who the hell are you talking about? Miguel or somebody like that? No, just people. People would taste in their touch man. Back to them. The good movie. Shoot us another one. I had to hear a list. You better see it. You thought that I had a lot of flicks ahead of seeing. Now I'm moving way ahead of you like your standing still. How did Mr. Ripley, American Psycho, the game? I thought you wouldn't want to, uh, told me about the game. Is that the winner? Yes. Excellent choice, being around. Start a thing. Beaners also would weigh ahead of you. The game will shock you. That's how good it is. You'll think, boy, this, it just doesn't get too much better than this. On a scale of 10, I give it about 11 1.5. Okay. You got it down? Got it. Okay. Steve Bushimmy, I don't think anybody got a touch of them. Okay, 36 year old man 29. I think he's in the league of his own. No, no, no, no, no. This is 425. He's in the way. He's in the way. Holy Macanon, this is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, and you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God. How about Kevin Bacon's life, you're a Sidwick? I'll take her. Okay. Don't let a least their world. We'll be exploded to dumb at people go with the gas that we sold him. First time a griscer nation and the only one that's going, now more blood will be spilled to get that oil clueless. Forget about Korean. The news there's no humanity. Right wing is drilling it over and over into our head. Ooh, had a rag as some. Fet with some past destruction. The world is a big gun. There's no media lucky. 3000 people killed. Our now forgotten, let's exploit him instead. Hey, there's oil to be got it. Going after satown to play Kato's summer. There's no longer mention of the name it lot is. But no it's easy to get signed off. Humphrey and complacent believe in every word of this cartel It's been a situation that controls us by fear through media, Manifulation and a right wing is drilling it over and over Into our heads. And I rag as some. Wappin' the past destruction.