You know there are important things Time for Hall of Burton to get busy Out of patience at a time Let's get those oil pills online Did humans have to double that to feed eggs? No way! But what's an in-foggantile Like your way with fake balls Get any one who does get in our way Head Walk in the crab Who is it? Throw women down to little kids We've got to pump that oil right away We've got to do it! Because what is good for business And our group War is good for business And global crossing too War is good for business But some friends are free War is good for business Even in the same business Who's that? You asshole But the camera over here Look at the woman Welcome here Some people glad to see us Liberate our act Only the spin machine knows What the camera doesn't show All the rifles we got pointed at their backs Our couple can't have won in five That's the goose that been in line Those poor of whom I had everything we say head And those who choose to follow Five will be rewarded in kind With cheaper prices at the pump we pay heads They'll say that war is good for business And you will War is good for business And run in back town War is good for business She is right War is good for business She thinks the life is just Oh Look at these pictures Baby US tax rule at the bank now Yeah I'll tell you a powerful image is man And people are getting brainwashed big time I'm sitting here looking at this and thinking Yeah Isn't it emotional? Yeah, of course All the way from the American flag All these teenagers out there All these people We're in Baghdad no more sentiment Looks like he's either dead or badly injured Or Neither the above depending on what How come the overhead is so loud today Do you hear that? Good God is this thing cranked up I can't even turn a goddamn thing By the way the good news here is the better news even in that Now you didn't pay much attention Overhead there's something wrong with this thing It's too loud Too loud Oh it must be because the speaker was But maybe there's something with it This thing is grotesque Anyway, to show a wholeio fat holy or engineer Lost 25 pounds You don't understand? I noticed that he's lost a lot And I said to him I think I am burst you into it And he said you're probably right How do you like that? Yes, these people in the audience Think I'm a hard ass and tell people you're Disgusting fat slob Which I'm a fat slob two but at least I admit it And I'm always working on it and the fat two But I'm burst into it Sometimes that's a good thing Rather than saying oh jeez don't worry about it You know you're pleasantly plump But that's what he thought he was pleasantly plump He was a gigantic fat tub a crap I mean he's a good guy But he was a big tub I think the overhead is streaming on now I might have maybe not done sound right Maybe they replaced that speaker Maybe they'd dicked around with a speaker Something sounded good to me Sounds really bad, Muff Sounds really bad Get the whole crew in here And start working on this You'll be pleased at all By the way speaking of how things feel And sound That mo came to the door this morning I was sitting here about 830 And stuck his head there's scyptist Here's a real rocket scientist for you That's a bright olio made for me You're the best man Oh we said this scyppy if there's one guy To sell the problem we can count on It's that little scyppy I always have a dog named scyppy But he's he's been dead for a long time Thanks scyppy you're okay I'm in compared to like a fat boy You're okay Which ain't say much Here's my olio made for blood pressure I'm gonna pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop Yeah right here I'm the ears what I'm gonna do See I'm all worked up cause mo came and he said feel okay Okay, and I wave to said never better. I give the old thumbs up. We have the American flag. Hotel and the uh, Meridian, uh, Palestine Meridian Hotel. What about Palestine hotel? We just got bad aim, you know? We said that the shots came from the lobby. All that's supposed to sniper fire, which all the journalists said it wasn't any sniper. Farber was said it came from the lobby. And all of a sudden it was shootin up on the 15s floor. So I guess we must just have bad aim once a while. Nothing's perfect. It's war, you know? War is hell. Right? collateral damage man. Just one of those things. Here's my OliO OliO Med. Open it up the box. So what was I just about to say before that little nitwitz skippy came in here? Boy, I see. How close it was that? He's got a dangerous looking. Isn't it? I mean, kind of like in a, in a, I don't mean dangerous like offensively, but like, you know what I mean? Like you brains word dangerous. He'd be a lot safer. Or is it the other way around? I don't know. Here's my OliO Med for blood pressure. Look at that. Beautiful. Thank you very much, guys. That's my close personal pyzons at OliO Med. This is good stuff. So anyway, let's see. You got a fax here. Says, is a good luck. You're leaves in a playoffs. Rip in the Panther organization. This fact. I don't have time to talk about the Panthers today because last time I checked the playoff star tonight, are they in it? No, they're not as usual. Let's be come, uh, oh and talk about neurotic repetition. This is going to be like yesterday. I'm going to ramble a lot. Got a lot to say. And plus we have the big noon to one hour today, which we will continue doing. We like it a lot. Love it. We love it on this show. It's fun about some people might say. You asshole. Like him. Now he won. He's very concerned about how I feel. And actually he just is slow on a uptake. He doesn't understand that we hate him like poison. And he just he's in denial. He's like a guy that beats his wife and kids. And then just, you know, blaze it up to the point where they never want to see him again. And he comes back to the door saying, oh, are you guys okay? I mean, they really mean it. You know, yeah, it's like the same thing. You know, I heard that knit with Scott that called in this morning on the way to work. I wanted to the knit with Scott guy. He sounded just like that's why I played it to he sounded like it's not just me fired up when I hear someone say that like that guy. I think it was him. Scott, you're a knit with Scott. See, the audience has a difficult time relating. That's why we had a jerk call in yesterday. Well, this is all for ratings to get people. It's kind of the deal with ratings. It's just they're confused because in the history of their lives they've never heard any any person. So vilified and crucified as mole. And of course, because they've never met anybody like mole. They've never been in I've never myself been in a situation like this where everybody in a building just finds him detestable unacceptable and a human level as Mr. Ego would say on a visceral level. But that's all your fault. It must be all my fault. I guess I was the one to try it and that forced him to try to get George fired and start with all that race baiting crap at all a set of bull crap. Yeah, it must have been my fault. Now, I must have been me that told him, hey, go after Doreen out there if that's a golf tournament. Right. Did I tell him that? Did it go attack that nasty bitch? Make her laugh miserable. Make her wish that she would that he was dead. Like I said, mall, I feel great. In fact, I'm in good shape to dance on your grave. So let me know. I don't want to be out of talent. It happens. I want to be here. Woolly T. Ribs and I are going to do a little tap dance. Sammy Davis said he might just come back for a little while just just long enough to do it. Yeah. I'm putting taps on my shoes, man. But my old lime green pants, my 72 year old pants and my prune juice. I'm putting some taps on issues. Suspected execution side actually a morgue. I just mentioned this in passing. I don't want to pee on your parade because obviously it's a glorious day for the invader lovers. I mean the award lovers. I mean the limerational attack on a rack. I keep thinking about that about the different logos like on CBC as opposed to our operation Iraqi freedom. But Baghdad has fallen the American tanks are up and down the streets. There isn't even directions. There's standing out there with their rifles. No sort of control. Do they have over this country? Even the Iraqi Minister's information minister is gone, which I'm going to miss him. He was a hoot. He was almost as funny as the clown Sodom that was out there in the streets that we saw of those tapes over and over again. The Iraqi information. We are still in control here and there's no problem. The Americans were going to kill them every one and there's nobody here. They're not in the city and the tanks are right behind him. And the bombs are like bursting in air right behind. He was a client who was very amusing for entertaining. But he's evidently a holiday. It's what the expression might be. They're all gone. They are all gone. What's the useful of money I heard? The best guest that we can give is the well, it depends on which report you want to believe. But Sodom evidently was injured badly, seriously along with one son and the other son whose name which one was it? Kusei. Kusei. He was killed. Is what they're saying. And the rumors that Sodom and the one son are in Mosul and they're trying to get to Syria to get medical attention because they're hurt. Not going to get any tears from me on that. Scumbags. Now if I really believe we're in there to remove the scumbags for the right reasons I would say. But I'm not going to try and very hard not to get swapped up because this is so emotional all these pictures that you was going to be. Yeah, I was part of the plan. But I hate and of course three weeks to the day. Wasn't that three weeks ago tonight that they dropped the first bunker busters when they started two days ahead of time? Yep. Three weeks to the day. But I hate to break the news as I started to say before Carlos interrupted that this is the easy part in spite of all the bloodshed in the thousands and thousands of dead civilians and the thousands of other injured and wounded. And of course the ally troops, the whatever were not the allies. What we call it coalition. Sorry. This that was the easy part. Now comes the hard part. I got a really good fact here from William. I want to read it momentarily. Oh, did I mention a thing about these suspected executions and actually a morgue. I'll get to that. Lots of good stuff. We got the pull result from yesterday. We got a great new pull. We got the new to one comedy but it's our life is sweet baby. WQAM. Howard. Howard. Howard David. Is Goldie there, please? Goldies on the can. Howard is doing toy toys. That was the best call of day. Of course it's the first one. It can only get better from that. Nice going. So let's light it up a little bit. We don't want to get more but again we try to like alternate alternate more mid days with lighthearted. You know, I don't want to get immersed in all the morbidity. Let's give people a few yucks here. Who determines who gets the contracts? Yeah. Wow. My timing strikes again. Just as I put my finger on it, who's going to get all those big contracts. And tracks. We build a cutaries and do get those oil fields up and go with again. Oh boy, I guess we better ask Condoleezzo and Dick Cheney and those guys. Some other dick. Love it past nine at five, 60. WQAM we're going to before I do the spot. I'm going to pop a couple of oil you'll read my posts and you can be a witness. Look at that. For my blood pressure, my pressure is going to be so low. I'm going to be in a coma. You'll see. Five. There goes one. Oh, there goes two. At the same time. Oh, that's good stuff. And you can, it doesn't linger in your mouth, but you can taste the olive oil in it, you know. Really? Yes. I thought it was like the capsule covered all that stuff. It is, but when you first take them, you can taste what you want to do, there's something in it. That's true. Jesus, what is wrong with you? And I think you hung around George too long. If it sounds like I'm going to really good mood, it's going to George's office week. Not that I don't love George very much and appreciate all the tremendous things he done for this show. I can't think of any at the moment, but it's just a pleasure not that. I mean, and of course, tonight we got treasure island with Carlos and Miguel are going to be there. No George to like hustle everybody to try to get something. See, my people are going to be a little lucky. We'll talk about that. Lots of that stuff going on here at QM because Baghdad fell, baby. Wow. It's in the Baghdad. In fact, you probably want to call your travel agent right now. He'd over there. The hotels are going to be beautiful. Don't stay at the Palestine hotel or not yet. I'll bullet you know when. How many times have you heard an opportunity you didn't act? You didn't reach out and just grab it. You missed out. Right now is one of those times. Rarely it is an opportunity interrupt you, but this one should interest rates have gone down even lower. Financial group was offering interest rate of 3.45%, then lowered it to 2.95%. For cent now rates have gone down even lower, believe it or not. On the right by a degree. 2.45% financing with financial group. Let me say it again. 2.45%. Call financial group toll free at 1.894 Oland. How long will these low interest rates last? Who to hell those? But probably not very long. It's a window of opportunity. So hop right through it. With the national group and get an incredible rate of just 2.45% and save yourself a Schmidtloader cash. Call financial group toll free at 1.894 Oland. And let me tell you about 2.45% finance and we'll do those monthly payments. If you have a $200,000 loan you pay only $786 per month. If you have a $100,000 loan you pay only $393 per month. Jump change. So do a now confidential group 1.894 Oland. That's 1.894 OLE and the the Renequil housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply rates are submitted to change without notice 5.34 APR. Other train monkey. If you watch only one reality show this season you'll want to watch the show where the kids finally get into the action. Tonight on Fox. The premiere of Touched by an American Idol. Young boys from all over the country will compete for the affection and fortune of American icon Michael Jackson. Touched by an American Idol. What's it doing now? It's called growing and change. It's reality TV like no other and you get to vote on who gets to sleep in Michael's bed. Touched by an American Idol Tuesday night at 10 on Fox. What's wrong with sharing a lot? But I don't want to share. Well here's an interesting fact. Here Neil Erbsebly TV is showing cheering crowds in Baghdad greeting U.S. Marines as other crowds gleefully loot Iraqi government buildings. American TV showing juvenile Kurdish demonstrators in northern Iraq as the mercenary fed i.e. are being killed by the thousands. British TV journalists have taken us through an Iraqi secret police station in Bosra as locals tell of years of torture or men women even children in the depths of the building. And light of these current events blind opposition in this war is beginning to look ridiculous. Of course I was never blindly opposed to when I'm still not. Okay, blind. So the question for you today is can a man in your position afford to make himself look ridiculous. Still a fan gridwin crowsprings. Gregory that's my comment to you. Okay, it wasn't blind opposition and I'm still not blind and you're the one with the blinders on. Okay, but these are very very heartening pictures and it's wonderful. If you really believe that we're going to go around the world because we're so benevolent and free all of the oppressed peoples of the world, then I got some wonderful swamp land in the glazed man. I'll sell your real cheap. Okay. Great. Yeah. Nobody ever criticized the ends. Just the means. Are you starting again? Carlisle is starting again. Okay. Can't help it. In addition to which I did criticize the ends because the ends is going to be a US pop a government. In fact, that's what the big argument is now. It was you're not the visions that you see on your screen. I'll let you talk about it at the last night between the Brits and the UN and the Americans. And of course, Bush is saying, ah, you went in. You know, of course yesterday he said the right thing in Ireland because it was a, because Tony Blair was standing right there. You want him to slap me in the post. That's right. You want Tony to book you up for just a moment and reach over and just slap him on the side of the head. Of course, he reached over and you slap Mo on the side of the head. I'd like to see that. I'd like to see that piece of your scoaf flying right off. Man, that would be a hoot. So anyway, thanks very much for your cost. I'm glad you're still listening. Okay. Gregory, but you know, I, you know, here's a fact that disagree's also, but is at least a little more tolerant of opposing views. It says Neil all the way. I agree with you. 90, 90% of the time and to prove that I'm currently reading stupid white men did not vote for any version would have paid for aliens one way ticket home. And even though we do not agree on the war, I respect your opinion and you're in a label right to voice the same maybe from the moment you make feel the same. But one thing about this war is that either you're forward or against it. Now there's some people like on the fence and especially now they're like, wow, I don't know. These pictures are pretty awesome. So what's his, so what's agreed, we will not change either ones opinion. He said, that's right. Nor should we. He's well, we could. This is William. He says to that and I'd like to give an alternative point of view regarding the war. I don't know how much of a threat Sodom who's saying Israel potentially could have been to the west and the past or may have been in the future and that we may never know. I can't believe that who's saying has any regard for American life when we know as no regard for lives of his own citizens. My hope is that if this war accomplishes one thing and one thing only that is to give any other robe nations second thoughts when considering a terrorist attack on our country and the consequences of an attack, then I'll consider the innocent lives lost not to have been in vain. Actually I didn't think it was a robe country that was behind 9 level. Wasn't a country. Anyway, do I believe we're using Iraq and our superior fighting power over to make our point? Yes, but if we do nothing, doesn't that leave us open in the for future terrorism? I would hate to find out later that we should have done a bit more proactive. We lost 3,000 innocent lives on 9 11. Those folks had no warning. At least the civilians in Baghdad knew we were coming could get out on time. He's talking about the ones that are still alive. I do not want my child to live in fear and he has since that fateful day and if this is what it takes to protect the US and her citizens and I agree, thank goodness the people in Baghdad last year we've said I've been living in fear. And still a lot of them sure are. They're putting on a good face right here and hoping for the best American very good bushings good, you know, of course. What do you want them to say? If it was the Russians that were like with their tanks downtown Baghdad, Poon tank very good, Poon tank. We like Poon tank, you know they'd be saying that. Very good, vodka, very good. That's a drink. That's a TV fan. So anyway, thank you waiting for at least being a reasonably, you know, you're obviously in the Teljit guy, you're totally your opinion, but I think that it's a real stretch to rationalize all of the bloodshed and the crap that's going to all relies too by the way, the unbelievable propaganda. Speaking of propaganda, really even better news is now, did you see that the US has taken over Iraqi radio and TV? We can put the guy down comedy channel on there now. Right? We can put Fox News on there for the, yeah, Fox News baby. All spin all day so that he uses weapons of mass destruction? What weapons? I'm sorry. And Iraqi warehouse follows skeletal human reigns of pairs who have been a rep, rep, repatriation facility for soldiers killed during the Iran Iraq war in the 80s, not a torture chamber of our execution site. Just another example, just like those weapons of mass destruction that turned out to be pesticide, but you hear very little about that. On the weekend, British troops engaged in a security sweep of an abandoned military camp on the outskirts of Zubir, Southern Iraq, found a makeshift morg filled with 664 wooden coffins, and there remains up to 400-nate people and of course the media were hyperventilating. Oh look at this, not to say that he didn't torture and kill a lot of people because we know that he did just like Castro has done. I'm sorry. They initially thought they discovered a secret Iraqi execution site. A nearby courtyard had what appeared to be a custom built shooting gallery and an office containing what the British officer said were cells with meat hooks and the seedlings and catalogs filled with photographs of people who had been shot in the head of Bradley mutilated, but after preliminary investigations, especially US military war crimes documentation units said the bodies may be those soldiers killed in the Iran Iraq war, for instance, scientists examined some of the bodies and determined injuries were all war-related. Chief War officer Dan Walters leader of the Tense Force Criminal Investigation Division, said it remains in some of the documents that just Iraqi officials had been preparing to exchange the bodies with Iran, up to a million people died in the Iran Iraq War of the 1980-88, in which of course Saddam was our good close personal friend and we gave them all of our tangible support including all of weapons and muffins and mesh destruction he needed. The two countries are still trying to account for tens of thousands of soldiers who have been listed as missing. Walters said that documents found up to sightlist all dead people in the facility by name, rank, and nationality. Some of the bags of human remains examined by US and British investigators also contain personal effects like wallets, uniforms, and ID tags. So it had nothing to do with being a torture chamber. I just mentioned that in passing. As part of the propaganda campaign, they're just dazzled the masses out there. Oh, you see that? He was a bad guy. No kidding. Here's another great piece of stuff from the Sun Sentinel they led to the editor from Herman M. Zidman, Pompano Beach. Well, now Herman may be under the edge of a hundred by, I don't know, people are by letters to the other generally turned out to be over the edge of a hundred. Herman says, buy his headline. Pistoff of the Sun Sentinel is Herman. He says, your March 22nd headline at Baghdad Marketplace Carnage gives the wrong impression. Isn't there a war going on? It should read for American servicemen killed by suicide bomber. Who side are you on? Oh, that, you know, right there. Herman, great letter. Because that says it all. That says it all from the America first. You know, from who you just dummy up. Okay. You have no right to say those things. You're eating and abetting the enemy. Right. Who side are you on? It should read this. In fact, you people have a Sun Sentinel. Don't make any headlines anymore. Herman will tell you what to. Just put them on in payroll. He'll tell you what they headline should read. As Herman picks and chooses selectively, the cut what news that we're going to pick up. What propaganda? I mean, what news? You're right. It's very difficult not to get very enthralled by these. Oh, the pictures are great. And you're something I'm not very, very happy for the liberated, uh, Iraqi people who are, you know, at least the sucking are pretty good in looting, getting some good free TVs and chairs and stuff. But that's the small picture like Rumsfeld says, that's the little slice of the pie we're looking at. And, of course, the TV images, you know, also very selectively are shown us what they want to show us. Not all of the dead people. Oh, there was some stuff on yesterday. Wow. Did you see any of it? Yeah. Oh, the people who just have to be in a wrong place at the wrong time? Man, really, and I was surprised they showed it nasty, nasty stuff. You're right. He wrecks the large city. I mean, they're just showing us one little block that are a bag. That's a day. No, this is also going on in Northern Iraq. They showed they've got some spots around where the people are like waving anywhere can flag now. They're doing USA, USA, let's go, let's go. Oh, so speaking of let's go, I don't want to spend much time on it because it's beating a dead horse. And I do understand this is a sports radio station. Okay. So, 16 hours outside of this show in a joint march show, they have to they have to find desperately some crap to talk about related with sports. But this thing with a Marlins, uh, jesus, only 10,000 people. I don't think it was even 10,000 because I saw a couple of things on TV last night. The Metz and several thousand of those were Met fans. Of course, with all the New Yorkers, we have done here that's a given. So, nobody, nobody showed up. What else is new? I mean, you're beating a dead horse. Don't you understand it? I'm taking the SPC. All the start checking is placed out. You're beating a dead horse. They don't care. They didn't care before. And they're not going to care anymore. Okay. They disemble. They've been screwed over in the beginning. They didn't care. They hopped on a bad wagon when at big year, 97 and all of a sudden, last playoff series, they started selling out the world series. Hey, we loved the Marlins. You know, you know how this sounded? This is not a baseball town. It's never going to be. You can put another stadium on every street corner. Okay. You can have Pudge Rodriguez and Joe Fernandez and Alex Fernandez and Carlos Sanchez. You can have all Julio Ballplick. They don't care. They're not interested. Don't buy the weather must have been the reason yesterday. Beautiful evening. I mean, perfect. Just fantastic. They don't care. But they keep beating it and fly as late as you talk about boring. So, I'm not going to be further away. Again, just mention that in passing. Because, like I said, I have lots, lots of lots of business to take care of. WC, I am. Oh, God, mow face. Don't start with them all. My stroke case. My good buddy. Now, I was concerned about my health and welfare. Right. I think his Alzheimer's kicking, I really do. I think the weight of that must read on his head is starting to affect what used to be his brain. Don't you understand him? We hate you. You're in denial. We hate you. Hank hates you. Mad dog won't sit on here. But he hates you. The people in programming they hate you. Carlos hates you. George really hates you. The people that work on your show hates you. I don't want to know names. They hate you. So, so what's not to amine if you can deal with that deal with it? That's all I can say. But don't come suck it around here. Like you're concerned about my health. The stress and the grief that this man is caused in just over year in this place is intacculable. Okay? Intacculable. You couldn't put a measuring stick on it. So, just stick it, anyway, the police today who or what do you fear the most? We had 1439 votes Carlos. Pretty impressive. I mean, Peter Boy. Religious fanatics 474. George W. Bush 343. Loss of freedoms 182. Terrorist 156. Mohour David did 91. Can I ask Croft 62 World War 61? Well, I must be listening to James Walsy. By WWE 4, George Rodriguez 47, he's scary. And Dom. Rumsfeld 23. So, religious fanatics George Bush and Loss of freedoms were the top three. And of course, I see a lot of similarities. It's a little slopp over there. Why are we talking to Senator? I would definitely tell you. One of the air reporters talking to one of the Marines saying, you were saying good, you were saying good, we love Bush, we love Bush. But whatever they're saying, you know, because we made them an offer that couldn't refuse. You know, but I'm being that's right. Just like San Tina was said in a godfather. He said, the thing you bloody brains all over your nice side. That's right. And just don't take no for an answer. So now it's going to be, I'm telling you that the people on the other side of this whole war thing, they're just looking at three weeks to the day, only three weeks. And a tensor runs through Baghdad. They're not can now know Sodom statues. And we liberated the poor Iraqi oppressed people. Right. Wait, I'm going to tell you what's really going to be upsetting when we go to Jamaica. You think this was good when we go to Jamaica? Yeah, but we fantastic, especially when we light all those fields on fire. Everybody all the soldiers are going to be stone out of their minds. To make us on fire. Oh, man. Hope it. I hope I would bring back the draft without what you just want to hope that their win is blowing in a right direction. 28 past nine in WQ and hey, I'll tell you I was talking before about the fat Julio, fat is that non-way looks bad, but boy, it is unhealthy. Take it from a fat old slob like me. It does also give you the diabetes and high blood pressure and strokes and heart attacks and something called premature death. Not good. Look at John Candy. If you want to lose the way, there's all different kinds of ways. There's Zidians, a ways believe me. All of us are folks know. We try them all. The food from balance for life, by the way, is better than ever. I mean, it is outstanding. And they prepare all the food for it. They bring you a little black sack right to your door every morning by six. At your home, you're work wherever you're hanging out, at your strip club. And all your food for days in, at each day, three delicious gourmet meals, two delicious snacks are in there along with little bottle water, two is kind of a bonus. And you pick up between two choices for each meal at all. The only choice you have to make it simple, even the dumbest fatdest slob can do it. Look at the beast. There's a good example for us. Began that. And the food is fresh and delicious made with the most beautiful ingredients you've ever seen. Nothing frozen, artificial ingredients, no garbage. None of those little tiny cans of crap like you used to get from putrid systems, those other joints. So if you want to lose the way, the delicious and safe way, and the effective way, here's the way to do it. Forget about all those fat diets, because this isn't the fact it's scientifically based on a zone diet and really works. Here's the number to call to check out Balance for Life 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 stop being frustrated and carrying around those unhealthy grotesque compounds. Lose the weight now. Balance for life call 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 or check out on the worldwide web if you like balance for life.com. intimate I don't know why they hate me. Oh my they always hate me. It must be good. I can't be Blue and Red is for full day. Oh my arm. On my arm like a ramically map a lack of what. I got means on my nose. Nobody knows that under my clothes I wear 50 horse. But that no being that I'm gay. If you think my arms have had you ought to see my legs. I might as well keep on smoothing shaved. You show little glass the next time I'm raping him. I could vote though a surgeon. But that could be his shivers. I wouldn't want to walk on looking like Joel Rivers. Where am I? I might have loved me. It's the fat little free. I did a moped tape. But now we get a 4-day need. The reason I dismiss that thinking fat bastard is because he wouldn't shut up. Any can't play a nest. I'm a little bit of an ass. Nobody talks when I rap. I rap. Then you talk. Look at me. I'm a bit dead. I ain't no swear. I'm a thing done. I'm very dead. I might have had anyone I want. I don't care. But believe they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair. I got by and myself. It even happens to the greens. Westwood once said you get out of here. I'll sweep break your legs. So now I sit by the pool. Life says good isn't getting. With my collagen content, placing bits of the gents. Powered die. Powered dies. I don't kiss nobody's handsome. Powered die. I'll be sure if it's not the screw kids when I get the change. But the cleavage aren't ready with my line green pants. I won't hesitate. Tell me call it a plate. It was just a little thought. So what I left this day. I think that's funny when I knuckle sandwiched body. I can do what I want. The management loves me. I can tell you something. I don't know. But along this time, I wanted you to be my goal. Who am I to tell? No one has paid. Tell me. Who the hell is the food you don't take no for an answer. What is that? You. I'm 34 at 5.56. Thank you. I'm 34 at 5.56. Thank you. I am here today's pool. Let's get this stuff out there. I feel like we're rushed. You know, we're that new to one comedy. But so we might have to smick him at not. What we took a poll on yesterday and it won just a little more than a 50 50 was really very tight. And then the I think the clear channel people were voting on it. And they said they like it a lot. I'm trying to get used to where this overhead is now. We got to speak or fix it was a loose wire. That's what must said. He said somebody had a loose thing in here. Then it's not much better today. Have it heard it. That's right. You're in there. Which one of these sends you diving to the dial to change stations fastest? That's our pool today. Excellent pool. Thank you, Neil. I mean you're welcome. Mohour David's voice. Gel these voice. Hockey talk. War talk. Religion talk. George's voice. I mean, George's voice. Raised or he mumbles. You know, raised track talk. Oh, when those old cochers started in call about Gulfstream. Golf talk or talk about Mo. Another good solution. That's great. I've all was up by the way. They're votes coming already to trickling in. What? I'm on the side. It was a tough choice. I voted for golf talk myself. I'm the one of them. Seriously. This is just. And if I hear anybody else with this Martha Burke and hoody Johnson, you know, something a play on all of them at this point. I don't care anymore. You know, we just bagged that is free. They're good. They're working on that and they're working on that. They're working on that. They're working on that. Look at that kid. Look at that. There's a kid here. They got a news around the neck of the statue and there's this teenage kid who's standing in the base trying to figure out how they're going to weigh young to statute on it. That's something. And that continues now. And part of this process appears to be an attempt to pull the statue down. No, no conversation. Pyrcing interpretation there for an MSNBC. Some great analisation for that good or what. Yeah. One insight. You get from the American TV that worse man. Here's a kid. He's putting a rope around a statue. He's like, circle and I've got some help. Now he's got another guy. A couple of guys. There's three kids there in are trying to a young distinct style and the statu too. Which of these sends you diving to the dial to change stations the fastest. Mo Howard dividend's voice. voice. Tell these voice. Hockey-talk, War-talk, Religion-talk, Georgia-voice. Race-track-talk, Golf-talk, or talk-about-mo. You know? And by the way, Mo. Break-H-H-H-H-H. Yeah, I just thought I'd throw that in there too for it. I just wonder, my name? Can you name me seriously? Other than guilty, who I don't... I mean, guilty was called me even at home just practically in tears there a couple of months ago. Wigning about what you're going to do when I show his awful and moe is a terrorizing him. So obviously, guilty is in a position you can't say anything. It's like mad dog, he wants to stay on those dolphin broadcasts, mad dog finds him, humanly unacceptable at every level. But naming somebody else in the building, who, like, even remotely is like an ally of his. I'll tell you, Joe Costello. And you wanted to know why? Well, first of all, I have to see each other. You know, the crossover, because they're working the same studio. So at six every morning, there's that crossover they do. And in addition to which Joe is a voice. You know? No, no, I love Joe Costello. He's a good guy, but he's a pussy. You know, I can't help him, so. Anything to be non-confrontation. Exactly. He's a very, see, Joe, if you're going to be in this business, I don't want to tell you how to do your show, Joe, because you're a good guy, but be a little bit more outspoken. And that's a nambi pan. You know, well, people will attack senior citizens. I don't go for that. Well, fine. Okay. Just sit there and talk about what a lovely day it is. And the birds are singing and you know, drop it a little load on your car. And that's it. I mean, sports motor talk, motor sports. That's right. Even put it under, but all out of defense to Joe, because he could have sent. I'll get him all done out of shape, but quit being such a pussy. Okay, Joe. Even if he came in here, argue, because he is a hard ass, that's the funny thing about it. Off the areas of real hard ass. Which he and his lovely wife, I mean, the two of them, can you just even imagine the confrontations in that house? My God. Well, they're both stubborn as a mule. I mean, real, but maybe that's good. You know, likes a track. One of them will come out alive. Here's the fact that says you're right when you say no one cares about the Marlins. You are absolutely correct. And it's been that way since day one. Dave and boring is a perfect fit for this team. Oh, yeah. Oh, you know, we left one off the list, Eric. Preseason Marlins baseball should be on list. But now we don't need to put preseason just Marlins baseball. Let's add that on there. Okay, you don't have to call him up. I'm sure Eric is listening right now in between his reference burritos from Burger King. Maybe he's got a couple of burritos of preams without the beans from Taco Bell. It's really swell. And can you imagine what's going to be happening now in Iraq and Baghdad? Can you see the McDonald's going up the Taco Viva's, the Taco Bells? Huh? Burger King? What else are we going to have to give? American Idol? On TV? Okay, Mark. Oh, Iraqi Idol? Wal-Mart? Oh, yeah, Wal-Mart, over there. Those, uh, goose stepers, they'll be over there real fast. Faster than you can say, sing, hile. Hile, boosh. Right? They're going to have like a gas station at every street corner? Oh, 30 cents a gallon. A dollar a dollar. To fill up the tank. Do they have cars over there? They got plenty of cars over there. Okay, they got pickup trucks. They got cars. They got donkeys. They got a little ass. Look at that down there. Time and not. Guys, I don't think it's going to work. The stats you that they're attacking for those of you who are not near a TV. The stats you there with it like is a gigantic statuette. It's about, no, I'd say 25 feet tall. A huge statue of Sodom. And I would say, probably, weighs about a ton. When you, yeah, or at least a thousand pounds, I mean, and they've got a gigantic rope tied around that I agree. And actually, they've tied a knot. And now they're going to try to yank it down. I have, I could be wrong, but I have a feeling that that rope ain't going to get the job done, you know? No way. Just say, maybe one of the tanks could just everybody could back away in the tanks. But, after seeing the bad A-Mon at Hotel yesterday, I'm not so sure that's a good idea, you know? They're shooting at the lobby and the 15th floor gets hit. Good, yeah. So, our A may be a little bit off. Currents are solid. This is in northern Iraq by the way. Look at the Kurds in way. And one guy's got an American flag cap on. Interlight holding up pictures and American flags. And you, I say, you, I say, let's go. Let's go. I love it. in fact you know something this may be the way to get rid of the Iraqis we put nothing down was in there it's working in europe they're getting all the same heart disease and oil clogging all of that good stuff so this may be a way to eliminate all of our enemies then they will fear us once they taste that crap and start getting uh... course i'd better put it off for a little walker's the hostels a little bit busy right now anyway this facts was out of say uh... what makes me crazy about the marlins is this the year the ownership keeps saying comes celebrate the tenth anniversary this is the same thing last year marlins first season with ninety three so this is the eleven to your not tenth that's right good point today sports trivia question for the around your show when was the last time a city with all four major sports teams so bad they all missed the playoffs did the marlins make the playoffs last year did he make the playoff did the dolphins make the playoff the panthers uh... more talking about a good point actually facts from a real chronic facts you thank you well i'm telling i'm really worked up again today and if i can get that then ear on plug them would go see my doctor friend if i get that ear on plug it's gonna be then i'll be dangerous than they will fear me out to that right now look at all of uh... uh... uh... votes under already pulls on a bit up about ten seconds we ever got sixty six votes mario lamu uh... lamu would be proud by by with mario we love you go leave scope by the way just imagine that in passing on your fire fans to you okay it's gonna be tough got to be tough and i noticed david jane the alwritten a same swill in the paper again about the leaves are whiner that you know you don't know what no i got them leave it fell on your ass okay you silly goose you organizations sucking idiot sixty six votes which of these sends you the dial the change stations fastest religion talk sixteen judges voice twelve more how we're david's voice eleven we got a battle going on even here uh... rackies didn't put up a battle is good golf talk nine kelly's voice nine hockey talk three race track talk three talk about mode two war talk one and marlin's baseball just went up on it so give me chance they'll start making a move don't make their move just like the marlins and made a movement even smell it two and six to rock to a whale of a start nobody cares if they were six at all when anybody care now anyway if you had a big ball spot the people around you care because they look at you and they see the reflection shining in their head you know it's not a good thing not a good thing to be like a human beacon like bokeh Brian like more without that that animal if you want to look great and younger than you ever believed you could again there's one guy in a world that can make you do it i mean there are a lot of other people peddling all kinds of crap Charles off here isn't into those mouse you look in things rid of those phony looking pieces he's into the latest technology which is of course his natural hairline system it looks like real hair like it's going out of your scalp not like a whole bunch of farm animals just fell on top of your head from the sky for over twenty five years Charlie's been working with a millionaires in the between the slippers and even the poor folks because first of all his systems mighty affordable and secondly no matter how much cash you got nowhere can you go and get a better more natural looking system than his natural hairline deal and of course nothing to lose except the ugly balls but because everybody who goes there gets Charlie's 30 day glad and tea if you don't love the way it looks and feels Charlie give you full refund so you have nothing lose but that big reflection on your head and when you mention the arrogues when you call Charles out here they give you an extra 200 bucks off the regular price so do it now and look better and younger like a bench like a real guy than you ever dreamed you could do again call tool free set up an appointment 1-800-321-2413 1-800-321-2413 or give more information on their world famous website at CharlesAlphiary.com Hello we saw a billboard sign today we don't like very well we have balls is not the kind of that we'd like to see in flying we have any balls with the spread reason our team and we want our name off of the site yes it is in bearing night and so we want to verify the government of no ball all right wait for the year this over in daily there's quite a come to the home school on any Jones made rumor take down at sign in front of his house one said rumors balls dollar a holler or whatever it holds in very upset about that 948 12 minutes till 10 at 560 WCM got the mad dog from the masters and I'll gust of golf talks starting to want to clock but he can make an interesting mad dog can make anything interesting you know he really can he's got away with it he hates moe uh three o'clock we got and uh hangover back in the studio maybe the hopro come in early to ask and see if he lost an answer to huh I haven't seen him in a long time a hopro I want to make sure and I can also tell that he's full of crap about the over time in hockey you did it just I mean you love a hank but don't talk about hockey you don't know anything about it over time in hockey is sensational especially of course in the playoffs when we played a full you know 20 minute periods but that's beside the point uh hank 3 to 636 30 it's Marlins on deck rhymes with Drek 705 the Marlins and him adds over to the PPP park and then of course at he came to the game to unmark over night tell Joe to grow up here now speaking of the um PPP park I noticed in Houston they changed the name of the field from enron field to um I don't know Oreo cookie or well whatever it is feel uh some of the name cousin run obviously is how to business but PPP pro players been out of business for what about two years at least and we still call it pro player stadium huh I mean I realize it doesn't make a big difference because nobody cares although the dolphins still do play there why don't they go back to Joe robby stadium huh just just just out of common decency of an hour realize they don't have any but so because they're still trying to sell the name okay so so in the interim even a way in that way is a hard ass why can't they just go back to Joe robby stadium now he was a hard ass too but at least he did something you know he didn't just talk he didn't run around with his hand up he got the financing done himself we'd bankrupted the rest of his family but nevertheless uh you know at least he built us the stadium which is far as I'm concerned as a damn nice stadium all the people complaining about it I don't see anything wrong with that stadium at all no that's under the location I mean you didn't grow right in a county line my god right between the two counties and even from Palm Beach you can drive down a turnpike and be there like about the ten minutes if you drive real fast I'm not seriously the look and you drive in off the turnpike right into the parking lot what not to like I mean sure the prices are ridiculous but that's not the stadium I say let's rename it to Joe robby stadium come on Wayne what do you say no you jack asked you bald head of geek let's you know I want to join beiner boy and Miguel at Treasure Island tonight happy our five to seven p.m. come on by and catch an eye full get an eye full maybe you want to wear a surgical mask of the wall the wall lovelies include in this week's feature Dana Lee Carlos is going to be over there pawn away trying to get a little touch a little feel a little squeeze try my best and of course the good does his Georgians on here this week soon might actually get close I'm sure that's what he does over there I'm sure he's like you know rolling around trying hoping to run into somebody ready get a fairer it's not not talking about that right just get a little feel I heard he was rolling around with fat boy a couple weeks ago ugly say they grow test site okay five six seven oh five sixty how's that pull coming out the new pull it's a good one as usual which of these sends you diving to the dial the change a station is the fastest I sure hope I've very astute programming department is checking this out religion talk 24 see that's Georgian he's always on there with his militant anti-religion okay I'll tell you one day one something he's going to have to face the Lord to meet his maker to meet Marvin maker at Monticello raceway George's voice 21 see that's all George stuff there God he's killing his show Montau or David is voice 20 so those three each have over 20 you know the disease in his room is back again I think you know it's definitely just in here I think he dropped some pellets on a way out even though that he's dating a rabbit tough dropings yeah tough dropings they look like rabbit dropping to me uh turn it off on here golf talk 17 that's woven up a list fast oh is that coma inducing or what get all these boys 12 12 say get all these boys what is the Miguel's talking about what's he that ropes not gonna work tell us something we don't know okay but the good news is and at least they better tell us poor kids to get off the goddamn stanchu close on the base of the monument there they're like banging away with sledge hammers and all kinds of crap and so that thing is going to come template down these second in the meantime they got all these they're gonna be more collateral damage I'm afraid there's all these kids that are up there are mountain the statue they're mounting Sodom but they'd like to oh oh I bet they love it's your mold would like to mount Sodom huh start getting even with the rest of the human race everybody also been doing mold maybe you can start doing Sodom on these distant you anyway you can hop on it so they got to rope tied around Sodom's neck I don't think kids it's gonna work too well but why don't they show the bottom again you asshole what was the oh this is coming from the uh error networks and the good news let me say again the US has taken over Iraqi TV and radio they're gonna be getting the show pretty soon that'll change their altitude and guarantee that wait till they hear doos bag the first time huh in fact I bet you would make a lot of big mothands over there in Iraq you know what all we got to do is seriously all we got to do is play one drop in you asshole and they'll love it huh can you imagine that we go on around high five with themselves and others just this one little kid would ever hope and he's these climbing down it haha this is really comical man it's hysterical show us the base of the statue to monument again you idiots that's where the good work's going on they're making some progress on it they're like banging the stones away that things we're gonna and you know what's really gonna be bad is when it comes time to die you got about 200 people gathered around it now uh oh war collateral damage say he would will turn 66 if he's still alive at the end of this month but as we have said I couldn't be at least a waiting till uh his 66 birthday she talking about mow again oh son of she's talking about about mow wqa m she coming yeah you know yes sir how you doing sir good morning to you and when is the as to you sir uh you know you've been asking all week long I'm trying to get through what this forward's really up the off yeah what's it all about Alfie I have a different opinion okay and everybody else okay we have to do it Mr. Bush's legacy if you think back to the last 30 40 years every president had a legacy you know can you knew the baby Nixon with watergate we're dealing with control you know and our boy clink you know he had legacy you get a little you know extra activity in the white house you know but that wasn't your legacy that was their like a week length that was the weakest link yeah no that was a team in the room yeah yeah and you're saying that is that is that Bush senior was a wimp being on for a wimp and back and out of Iraq right and you hear that's being in the just ringing back that's more bush garden sorry hi love it okay thanks a lot man it was pretty weak until you got to that that was excellent Bush gardens west let's see 16 Iraqis die trying to knock down statues during 30 minutes that's bad somebody fact is me that's really bad plus it's a lot more 16 of that thing oh seriously they're like working on it they got at least a 200 people pound it and bangin at one for what somebody else given some help maybe a 30 days you have to let the only sludge hammer in time because he's just bangin away on a thing bangin between a statue and a monument it's got away a ton got to minimum because that's heavy duty stuff you know I say more than that they spirit no expensive building all of that crap with that oil money you know just bangin and poundin the poor kids with a rope you know what am I gonna say you got a laugh it's comical I mean they mean well they're given it to best shot but I don't think you're gonna be able to get a good role but they would like to do is get the real sedan like Mussolini and hang his ass upside down in the middle of town like that it was Mussolini though do you ever see those pictures those were the best that was great first they were already dead but I mean they hung their bodies even as his lady friend Mussolini anyway here's the fact that says extending the way to a rack would have incurred in calculateable human and political cost we would have been forced to occupy bag that in effect ruler rack the coalition would instantly have collapsed and the Arabs deserting and angered other allies pulling out as well exceeding the winds man they would have destroyed the precedent of international response to aggression we hope to establish had we gone the invasion route the US could still be an occupying power a bitterly hostile land that's a direct quote from George Buscinier and Brent Skowcroft in time magazine 1998 why we didn't remove Saddam how do you like that I just mention that passing okay since the guy brought it up about pop a bush pop a bush and mama loppinger five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty oh here's a good p r r r s says bad that is free yeah so Jeff from pizza locked just sent a plane with a banner look for his brand new store soon also new crystals plus a new ball team and a stake in shaken a real castle I'm telling you we'll climb their arteries by the middle of June huh just imagine all the things we can export over there now all the great american businesses the dollar signs you just flashing them what what am I missing I think they got some help now that looks like a tank that came in there to I don't know it's gonna help them out oh yeah we got to be it's to take his either run I help them take the statue out or something else what we got bad aim we're not trying to get them but we got bad aim lately they're heading out the free passes for the paradise hotel or is it the oh look at it now what's the tank doing but I rack you who are still willing to fight there was a lot of them out there we still need to get up to to create other parts of the country so uh cautious optimism is the way I would describe it oh my god 10 a.m vice president Cheney's gonna speak we'll be listening to some of that okay woo 958 at five sixty wq i just popped a couple of them and my push and look how great I look and sound right now or least sound look like me not too good all you might as you great product of the for you and it really works all you might soft shells contain pharmaceutical grade olive oil the best anywhere not just pioneering pedestrian uh meaning mouth olive oil it's super concentrated loaded with health benefits for you all you might every day can up reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol plus there are 14 different old you might formulas for which you're from which to choose or to choose from how are you saying each one combining the best olive oil you'll find with vitamins minerals to support specific needs from bones to your blood pressure that's what I'm taking for my blood pressure to your immune system just pick out the formulas that are right for you in which you'll be need now there are three new old humid formulas one to help you sleep on how you can control your weight and self-cute 10 so important for your heart pick up some old you might today at public's echrets wall greens whole food markets tomorrow sedan or order it online at olio-minimercode.com to want to get more info column toll free one eight six six Oreo med that's one eight six six six six five three sixty sixty thirty three take it up it you can be just as healthy as I am or even more get some Oreo med today and start popping it in your posts your sports video five sixty two a Dave parrot this old man did Jamie he had and he opacity had a heart attack had a whack on him a full song next time he's not coming home hey is it your like that what's going on for this time with the president's heart this knit with his names bush he's a hemorrhoid in the to share he picked a guy who would die so we be alone there's nothing in his empty home and we know our territory just for the power of his weapons but by the character of the men and women who serve since the war our forces have conducted themselves with all of the skill and integrity the president bush and the American people expected of them except for the friendly firm operations continue all across Iraq securing cities except for the abadim on hotel lines delivering tons of humanitarian aid and downtown Baghdad this morning we're seeing evidence of the collapse of any central regime authority and the statute who don't forget about that dick so anyway Greg Regis comes rushing in here breathlessly and says to me how many of you how many people are going to die if that statute comes to me now we're quick and I said how many Greg and he said but turn to man he is obsessed with that he is really a sick puppy alternative he also said he does hate mo here's the fact from Josh and Chicago who says let me start by being alone I'm not gonna leave that chainy stuff on oh my god talk about an evil door he really he is evil baby he is evil incarnate truth can not come from that man yeah the truth will set your free dick and you give it to us now the truth either Josh and Chicago fact sentence says let me start by being a little nostalgic I've been listener for over 10 years neither time zones nor distance can stop me from listening to somebody tell it like it is I was thinking yesterday about the best moments in recent memory on your show here's my list number one Fox News Heather possibly the best radio I've ever heard two mole he's been a god send not for people at listen during his hours those at listen to your show he's a god send as in three the guy who's saying kneels away normally I imagine you have dumped the call but with so spontaneous that it worked I kept the game was finished but it kept singing and singing it was awesome for your first day at QA and that no compete stuff sucks and five every time you come back from vacation man somebody give me a towel please wow this is unbelievable please in our stocking on a different subject isn't illegal according to international offer one nation who will assassinate the leader for another nation we are clearly targeting him so why's anybody making a stink about this tell him what I know is that he's wearing my cat on his head I want Mr. Whiskers back thank you Josh and Chicago have a wonderful life okay and it will warm up someday here's one it says give them a damn grenade already the hammer won't do it the hammer won't do it he's busy looking he's busy making bets now do you collect him from his bookie how is that oh that's your own that him there it is I heard a ground fighters couldn't got it's seen I don't want to hear chaining I want to hear the play by play under the uh...slam statue come out in bag dead damn it oh look now now they're kicking pictures of us on ripping up the part of the target he put him on because I'm expecting some of the good of it from their talents what's going on and we keep hearing a sad tragic old man with the art gimpy heart ripping up pictures of saw them and there's the photographer's taken a picture is a little photo off form rip out of baby stop on it kicked that mother scratch your okay and by the way he's did we think and if not who cares and let me say it again in case you missed it the Iraqi information minister who was even better he did a better stand-up act in George Carlin he's disappeared he vanished with a second cash probably with a bunch of denars and probably remember hopes to buy him a few denars you think he hopes anybody buys him a few denars so anyway there they are in their uh... celebrating and having a great time in the little liberty part of Iraq now let's let's suggest you say liberty part of rock which on one hand i understand this is this is the moment that the hawks have awaited for all the way to reach out we did okay so this thousands of dead people and about a hundred dead americans uh... at least that they're admitting so far and a whole bunch of brits or dead which most of which we kill them but that's okay because that's the price you have to pay for liberty part of Iraq there's going to be an ex-son station on every corner to be a bpm all of uh... uh... amico right across the street ex-son kitty court of that there'll be a baptist church under the other corner no catholic church they don't want to part of them sorry you lose papa that'll teach you to be against the war that's right over there christian eyes those heathen bastards number of this to muslim stuff you watched by the end of this month all day one billion muslims on the face of the earth are going to be wearing little of jesus are going to have like a cross under dashboard they are they're going to have a little jesus uh... little virgin Mary think of on started to catholic again five six seven oh five sixty pong five sixty uh... the statues still standing they've wiped away at the base of that baby pretty good they've done some heavy duty damage but it's got a way about what i said about twenty five tons get one of those tanks they try to come to one of our tankers again just loaned to us for while they do want to and they're in crime uh... yep there goes there goes one attack going for the statute is it really yeah well these know that no that's earlier see you know you know understand where we are you the one one listening to you that the incident what are what channel you watching see it in the well i'm not watching cnn it's it's gonna hit here comes the tank and the tank is going after the statute like i said it was in bc sucks that the how it's going to off and over what exactly it's going to do it's not really this is one more fun to watch in a marlin to the tank and attempt to pull these statue of sedan over these are rocky civilians it at first started pelting the statue was shoes a couple hours ago and we picked up the shot about an hour ago when someone had actually scaled the pedestal of the statue with a ladder uh... tried to you who it was i've never saw them saying went back down to the pedestal and i all we can see was one acts that they seem to be uh... working well let me ask you a question exactly it's a very large statue and uh... doing it that way would would take a long time no shumad man heavy duty in elisation again therefore so they would help of the american marines have got one of the tanks or is that one of their tank they don't have any tanks left were use of one of our tanks to access them in one of their first acts under a free bag that under a liberated bag that and that is to knock down this big discussing statue could the rope didn't work to good say that rope from one of which still find them alive okay save the rope look at the oclimate and out all the kids are climbing on top of the tank are you sure this is the tank that was just left in the middle of the street that they look like an old beaten up at some american tank it's not a tank it's uh... armored personnel carrier some excuse me i didn't know that you were so militaristic i mean so there they are i didn't call it on it when in two tactics is a sedan of a visual portrait uh... it's a picture of the be sure take a lot of photos of his own at walmart they'll have the commemorative edition oh yeah by the end of the by the weekend that the batch that are walmart he'll have at least six locations all around the country here's a fact from time says the rackies look happy wait till they start working sixty hours of the inswet shops come on time hop on a bad wagon baby libertine u.s.a. u.s.a. iliana roselighton for uh... chief jackass p.s. where you want aspirin therapy when you had that many stroke uh... no i was taking a baby as per what's that mean no i just uh... i don't know it's fat i was fattened sitting on my ass if you did do not exercise i don't want to be hash all of that i was a pulmonary embolism very similar to what the david bloom died from what a tragedy that was just like the tragedy of all these lost lines all these children they should pictures yesterday finally after three weeks they sure all these gruesome pictures that made you want to cry but hey see now again it's all its all images if we only would have had TV during i would have at least the live coverage during Vietnam if we would have had satellite technology instead of listening all the propaganda lies that they told us just like it we heard the lies about that patriot missile for and behalf of the rate the on company from normie schwarzkoff he would never lie what he sure did that's what most you are instead of most you are in nobody named mushy ever lies well also trying to sell you something five six seven off uh... five sixty pound five sixty on a we will interrupt uh... commercials all programming as soon as the statute topples okay because this is one of the highlights of our life is watching that said these and not that it's a big deal but it's these symbolic value right of the statute like going down now we got somebody again and i see climbing the rope or is he coming back down he's coming back time when up he went up to put one thing at somebody uh... like they'd like to like they uh... they like in Vegas i'm getting tongue tied you see that have you when they uh... blow up all of kittles kittles you've never seen it on the travel channel they show it about ten times a day set up all the bomb and they set up all the uh... the uh... what are the the charred thank you i'm getting tongue tied because i'm sort of excited and we finally have liberated bagged at i can't can't hear you with the mic off oops they put that guy they said that guy up to put a chain around them instead of a rope a chain a chain huh i don't think that's going to do it either guys the thing ways what i say 7500 pounds and they were attacking it would like uh... it's kind of like the way the racky army defended bagged that it's the same kind of you know attacking a gorilla with a bb revoso it's eleven past ten and five sixty w q a m on a great day man look at this message center get this top audio and video messages no thank you and i don't mess with that every time you just mention something in oh holy oldie direct tv thing i work just relax your you know if you're gung-ho that's great but you're a little over involved little over involved just kind of ease but it will back off twelve minutes after ten and five sixty w q a m on a great day for the world baby we're doing it man that is free well free of them anyway now we got more problems ever thought about getting a wireless phone sure you have you know how valuable it is to keep in touch with your business associates during the day as well have been connected with your family at all times don't postpone it one more second get it done today get with it just call wireless city a team of a authorized dealer column right now tool free at triple eight two two one eighty eighty and a wireless city a focal delivered today to your home or business a new wireless phone ready for you to use wireless city a team of a authorized either can offer you service plans perfect for you like their new thirty nine ninety nine plan with six hundred whenever minutes and unlimited weekends call wireless city now tool free at one triple eight two two one eighty eighty if you call today you'll get the new small size no kia thirty three ninety with vibrating call alert and hands free just call one triple eight two two one eighty eighty services agreement required super did materials of authorized representative at wireless city for limited complete details wireless city a team of a authorized dealer call eight eight eight two two one eighty eighty nine and local this is four twenty five sixty two eight two eight yeah third now all this is from the Iraqi tourism council I am a ham and shake you down and this is my Iraq come visit the zoo come visit the drudham alone understand but do it quick there are tentative plans for what could be a major renovation car your local travel agent quick like today and get their past like tomorrow comes from what we hear very soon we're going to have a lot of those little partner of your design singing up what not really hanging up because I don't know where we're going to put them you know we can have anything to hang them on but never lay in all of it around come to Iraq an experience every you tip out tell where each room comes with a magic fingers meant and free out just your TV plus the yes network muscle in theater districts model models luxury casino museums are all certainly a possibility fifty two sixty years down the road you know according to our scientists we're going to hope that that's what guy from Qatar comes crew with something bling how about it's counter now my whole life Qatar now I'm a Southern Qatar it's like them in March I'm them in the me now I'm a Southern them in whatever come to Iraq quick while it's still on the map the proceeding message has been brought to you by the Iraqi tourism council okay everybody's back to us as a back at its statue who's about 16 months I mean finally on your rack 18 days on top of that thing okay we're getting ready for the big blow baby not yet some little punk kid almost jumped up on there well there's always going to be a little collateral damage during these heroic moments there's always going to be you know a few bodies to be dragged away but you're you're looking at the little picture you got to look at the big picture okay these symbolism of this magnificent event okay I think you're getting ready go let's roll oh not yet look at that the dow is gonna 50 two points the S&P is up four and a half points things are looking everything's coming up roses come on let's sing it which of these sends you diving to the dial the change stations faster we asked on the arraggies dot com two hundred eight votes religion talk forty charges voice thirty seven more how are dividends voice thirty one sends them diving to the dial well this said that the blind was voice uh marlins baseball boy look at that for a late addition marlins baseball's all way up to twenty eight it's to contending it's only the marlins were contending that well golf talk twenty three oh woo racetrack talk eighteen in other words old cochers from the track gillies voice seventeen talk about most six war talk five and hockey talk only three how do you like that stand a couple of times that i have a goli scoge that's that's as much as they can handle okay wait a minute think you're getting ready again but twenty points on that's the tank and i'll be doing my uh it's a real plan that's a real hope it's the soldiers and tell me to the crowds yeah i think they're getting loaded that's drawn like paper airplanes at the stage you hope and then we get the job done well they never were really good fighters you know if he's having noticed they never were really great fighters anyway this is the working on it well that's you know we'll keep you up to it because it's important stuff here's the fact that says how about a Disney theme park in a rack that sounds good well i have to call you know who for that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon line wqa m hello hey we just wanted to say you're passing that uh when colonel did his uh show a tell when after uh he had a press conference somebody asked him if you americans knew where the weapons event destruction are why didn't you just tell you in inspectors right the colonel policy well we're looking at ways that we can get them that information well today begins week four in a rack if we know where they are where are they we're still looking man where are they buddy we did find some pesticide run me you're thinking we're are they buddy don't be so negative man we're not gonna statue down get with it yeah but you know fifty percent of americans now say we don't care if you find them or not look at a bushman is that exactly because you deal with them in brainwash very nicely congratulate him on a great job of uh uh brainwashing on how what i think broke the rope broke oh no geez the rope broke well first of all what were they gonna use the rope for anyway the rope isn't going to hold they were gonna attach the rope to the tank and like back it up oh give me a break okay like i said their tactics never were like really all that great they weren't great military tacticians you know poison gas that worked pretty good with the Iranians but and the Kurds but as far as like yankin statues down not too great at least in fact that so now there's the rope is just hanging so that was too strong it's waiting for the reason they must be really demoralized about that just when we thought we're gonna pull them down and they pull us back in here's a good article by the way it's on our website by Brian Reed in the UK mirror it was all planned long ago in line with what this gentleman just said he says take pride in the courage of our board now he's talking about the british take pride in the courage of our boys feel relieved you're building society's here as our soaring and enjoy the hollywood choreography as america raised the stars and stripes and bagged it but amid all the backslap and take a second to ask yourself a couple of crucial questions about this illegal colonization of Iraq why and with whose authority are we there a quick recap washin and first said Iraq needed invading because it had links with al Qaeda never proven then it was to move weapons to mass destruction but he went inspect his found on and the allies haven't so far on sunday typically eloquent u.s. Brigadier general Vincent Brooks said the places it's most likely to be found we haven't even gotten to them yet which presumably means parts of Baghdad's atom was still holding so why hasn't the heartless monster used them against is it because he has none in which case why did we invade or why didn't he use him because of the of falling consequences in which case why did we invade but of course weapons aren't this once excuse for tapping so that i'm now we're told it's about liberating the people from a vicious dictator if you believe that your belief bush's crucial vote and florida was not rigged side of husain is an evil desperate who's killed his own people to stay in power we know this because when he was our friend in the 1980s we colluded in those atrocities by supporting him with arms but you know how many more evil regimes currently operate do you have any idea how many more current evil regimes there are Carlos but try to man try to embody where opponents of Robert Maghavi are arrested and tortured why not invade there so why don't the coalition put things right the answer is simple either corporate america doesn't need the regime change there or military america couldn't pull it off the truth about this grossly a moral war is that america's right wing pro is really politicians plan to outsaut him years ago nine eleven gave them the cover to destroy the most powerful era of state redraw the middle east and control the earth second biggest oil reserves ask yourself again why we've invaded a sovereign state how would you feel of china eventually decides to make britain the puppet state and drives its tanks into the palace of west minister we have a moral case to oppose them or like the arachis who tried on our sport cluster bombs will we not have a leg to stand on think about it good article air by a brand read in the uk mure think about it are they thinking about it oh they're thinking about the statue that's what we got to work on right now we got statues to work on man and a bunch of old pictures that we got tear apart raw ross this boom that's right let's hear it in fact where's the uh what do we got in here we have god bless america well must have something very patriotic oh i know a way man i know what we got okay that's a wrong one five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon I got a lot of calls about those Stanley cup playoffs because they start tonight and know that this is the town is just wild about probably thanks to be watching some of that huh w q a m hey new yes sir uh did you hear some of the new yesterday about uh somebody paying 45 thousand dollars to put a ad the campuses of the article the peach bush night in here it i don't know do somewhere on a station and all that though the who's dance but uh they might as well take the money and plus you down the turlet i'm going to subscribe to that paper right now okay um that story you were on last Friday on that on bush is this mentality uh because he lacked where's the my book of it on your website i couldn't find out what to throw it out is it there story that he lacks wisdom yeah i thought that was in every story that we've been reading yeah that's true you got a point there uh and closing that guy to fact if i say everything i love that guy that uh feels way that was great no i was great we might play that day of kills from the time uh could i put it in a request with the i'm hurt no sure no problem now whatever you want we're in a great mood today we got that statue coming down about the old popcorn song football footballs footballs there's those footballs of my app oh but beads but beads yeah okay okay thanks okay i think that was a request in more ways than money it's stick those football all we can't see then we don't want to get done a shaleali all upset again and then especially at he Jones he's having a problem with rumors balls five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line they're working on that statue man and put the unmentioned there was a sign pulled up by some Iraqis which in in no-onsent terms told them to go home but mostly it's got amusement uh seemingly that's the- it was very much Iraqis uh even with some amusement perhaps uh is my limited impression from here Simon is a we lost our signal with you we caught up with uh we we actually got us a new information the vice president the cheneys saying this morning quote we are seeing the collapse of the central regime of forty that's according to lawyers he apparently said then this time then Paul are we you stop that's news that's news if it haven't us on here all morning there is no millip there's no uh authority or all there's no government there's no presence there maybe they're gonna put them under the tree in December once we crystallized them don't you think they're saving a presence for christmas and a honeka when we uh Judy eyes them now forget about those two those two won't cover the baptist man they got it they got this in fact Jan and Paul crotch already put up a TV tower and bagged at they already have one there do they really wouldn't surprise me they got him everywhere Jan and Paul crotch with Iraqis it's uh now it's talking to colleagues who were working we got a chain of it the other roaming impression that everyone has got uh is that until a town in secure and bar party officials and local military officials have been uh um neutralized I like I get either killed I get by American forces or put under uh I guess these are all people that don't have to go to work today how are school and I'll come out of the streets I'm not seeing now so I don't feel just want to lighten things up a little bit okay don't get so tense and depressed everybody okay I mean we're in south where we got our friends our own to deal with you don't believe me just open a window take a whip oh that's smell of death it's circulating big time 26 past 10 at 5 60 it's a Wednesday that means we got our big noon to one comedy bitch hour we got butt feeds coming up for you don't we have butt feeds I don't think we're gonna play that huh I'll let George play it's it's it's disgusting I'm not gonna let anal stuff like he is he's an ass man he's the ass man call he knows hey home owners is the very thing worse on a hot softload today which could be almost any day going out in the backyard for a nice dip and going into Paul as well and you look at it you think holy crap this thing is a really getting bad it's stained it's dirty maybe there's a crack in it and the pool too don't look at that ugly mess anymore just say no mole ugly pool and do the smart thing call our good friends at Atlantic Marseight these are just a couple of pool guys who got a beat up old pickup truck with some of that the pool cleaning crap in a bag this is a real construction company uses full-time employees not subcontractors Atlantic Marseight specializes in the most incredible innovation at the pool business diamond at Atlantic Marseight's been pouring it on for 12 years and they know how to do it right their license they're insured professionals they even train the other companies internationally how to do diamond writing right and they'll give you the same price they give to the contractors how can you beat that they serve north Miami brought in Palm Beach call Atlantic Marseight to the biggest install as a diamond bright anywhere in town gets your pool a fantastic they'll come right to you and give you free estimate they also do pool and deck renovations custom lighting pool heating exotic water features too for the very best going anywhere called Atlantic Marseight toll free 1-800-558-8883 that's 1-800-558-8883 diamond bright if you're going to do it right because diamond bright is a pool's best friend well okay so I took the thing I just relaxed calm down it was a little operator air because we're getting all whipped up about the statue which I think is primarily your fault Our home and the sea is there. Oh, we are. High, close and sea. Well, mark you on your hand. Rectown. We close, sunrise and she's fly, our sides, we remain joyful to sea. It's a legal traffic court in Choum, and a little bit. Oh, sea. God made the trail. Courier and spring. Oh, can a vast piece pass the road to me. Oh, okay, here we go. They've got an extension. On the tank. They've got a crane being in it. They're not that big enough. Go on a counter-three. I don't know, right here. I don't know if you can see it. That's what I want to kill. This is through an Assumproject. Today I'm going to say that our military was a lot more if than they are in our country. Let's get one of the guys. Come on. Take out a building, take out statues, take out various symbols of body. Take out some Kentucky fried. Five, six, seven. I'm telling you, we're going to export some real cockau over there. It's going to be great. It'll be really good. It's going to be great. It's going to be great. Look at that phone. Look at this phone. There's not a call on it. We're doing screenless. We're having a great day today. I take a look over here and read a bunch of a bunch of calls. And you people are like that. You want to know why they're watching the statue? Okay, well, we can play that game. Say it down that in the house. Here we go. Some guy climbing up on the extension. Right up face to face with Saturday. You can go a little kiss. As a matter of fact, if you see the picture of the soldier, one of the Iraqis was so happy that he was being liberated. He tried to kiss him on a cheek and a soldier like turn to say, Ah, ah, not us. We're a macho guys. I think that's why he said maybe he said later on when it gets dark. Anyway. The way and the scene with where this guy has turned, but it'll be especially to see how they do finding it. You can't complain about that Iraqi technology, maybe because they don't have any. That's sort of suddenly starting to worry about people who will kick you to begin out to fire down. No back. Raise one flag. What is this? This is one of the Marines isn't it? Yeah, this is the Marine is putting the American flag around. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. This is great. He's putting the American flag over Sodom's push. Ah, ah. Yeah, right over his head. Look at that. Wow. We talk about a dog and pony show, huh? The talking, we said never, it could pay a billion dollars. You can pay a billion dollars. Yeah, the Marines said you're a bunch of NFDs. We're going to come in here and do it right. Okay. You guys couldn't, you couldn't look as stamp. Much less our army. So there you go. They're doing it. As we watch this picture, we're going to kiss you on. I want to ask them. Like I said, they're powerful pictures, baby. But of course, what you see is not necessarily what you get or what they're going to get. We'll let me. Let's enjoy while we can. It's a hoot. WQAM. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah. I'm sorry. I'm not watching the statue. I'm out there on age 22. Well, your mission. Hello, you'll see later on the newsman. It's great. Oh, I can't wait to see it. They got the American flag and Charlie wrapped over Son of his head. I can't wait to get home. I'd like to channel seven newsmen. They can't wait. No, don't have it on every 15 minutes. Hey, I got an age 26. Today, you some way this song. Nobody speaks English anymore. Can you play that for me? You know, something I love that bit. And I don't know what he'll judge him. I'll try to find it. Okay. See with that little pinhead. Did with that disc. Thank you. Thank you. Have a great day. Hey, I'm the palm metal man. Reluctive. Oh, he's on the palm metal. Oh, there's fast boy wobbling in here right in the middle of the show. What is he doing in here? Doesn't he get that memo? What do you want? What is he saying? Sit, raise your eyelids. Oh, he's talking to you. Okay. Good. Talk to him. I don't want to talk to him. So there we go. You're not. The positive bit of the marines are mounting it. Of course after three weeks in the desert, they probably might almost anything at this point. Because the American flag. They took the flag off his hand. It looks like they're either repositioning the flag or take it down. It reminded me of something. I think we actually witnessed together in my television out of unkosser. Why not what they're going to do with the flag? Yeah. That's what they're going to do with it. Stick your right up. Sit on the shoot. And there was so much reaction from the civilians who were so angry about that show of what they called American Periodism. That flag came down within minutes. Yes. And that's basically being what has happened in other instances as well. I mean, you know, that they don't want to look like an occupation army. They don't want to. Or you see, if Kenny, he's, and if we get some of this, he's give me the sea. I told you so near there. Now they're partying. Well, we'll see along that last. Don't get too carried away, Mr. Hachat, Mr. Genius, Mr. Rocket scientist. In addition to which all of the collateral damage those dead people in the people that are wounded like fall in a part in the hospital, they're not in on the party. They said, call us when a party started. They said our apologies. We can't make it because we're either really badly injured or dead. Thousands of us, but that's beside the point you see of Kenny. Don't worry for our children's funeral. Just get your whole life to that little 17-inch screen. You're looking into your 25 or 52-inch tube and get all your information about life in a world right through that screen, man. Let them mesmerize you and obviously they've done a good job. Let's see, here's one from some Fag. I mean, some guy, my partner and I were talking about the funniest thing yesterday. We had a list of people you talk about who have appeared on your show, who we would get it on with. Ah! Who would you pick? Al Goldstein? No. No. No. No. No. Greg Reed. No. George. No. No. The Humper. No. Mad Dog. No. Geldy. No. Josh Friedman. No. Troy. No. Carlos. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. no. No. Miguel... Yeah. You think Watery Lenie looks like you're a bottom. River. And there something. Ojo Gaki. Oh and it's just police playin-going. Oh my, oh my I got way more Penger! Hey. I'm a vy. they're gonna put any rake flag up there i thought that was pretty uh... in bad taste of us to go put the american flag on a leso rake is her there and they're city well don't you think we did that the first day in bazaar where we and then all of a son is an on a good idea yank it down because it's a nice and make it look like an occupation when you do that here was in here titering because it wasn't using but it's not seen they took it down for that reason that was not a good idea put your back if it didn't we say the rake is you're gonna run their country didn't we uh... make that up i mean say that walling in dear feels as worth the janitor watercraft model wakeo compound busting you need it nice car wall is usual uh... and yet jess jennard only know tanks he just yank that baby down her and down shall layla they go over just to yank that she not go over the red pickup truck easy to vacuum it points for very dangerous vacuum because um... you know look let's get let's face it i think yes there's the original here the original idea by the politicians by the so-called coalition of Britain and the USA was that you know you can look constantly christian police forces would fall on side and they would sort of immediately turn to sort of policing the new era the flag that the regular militias the army the republican god would would join in the sort of you know building and maintaining a border and construction of the new era well that hasn't happened and uh... there is a vacuum and the question is who fills that vacuum and we've seen in other areas in another countries that we've been in in these kinds of situations where unless there is a quick uh... a quick attempt to fill that vacuum uh... there can be uh... a period of chaos and bloodshed law and you know disorder and looting to issue a graduate mc a looting at twenty before eleven five sixty w q a m i'll tell you what they sure have their tv thank after that now we control that they've got poll question and work that's the tomorrow that's going to be tomorrow's poll question what's the first thing or racky should see on tv or here on radio huh since we're more controlling an outcassied to the late america does controller racky tv and radio now i'm thinking maybe uh... i'll do it for free all i don't think they want to i don't think they're working government wants to put me on no i'm putting me on here much less over there kind of these are all so nineteen till ten at five sixty w q if you're not sleeping good and i'd maybe got something wrong with your or maybe there's a very good chance that your mattress has something wrong with it like it's finito like it's finished like so well here's the answer for it to a great new name brand mattress and i guarantee it when you call that a mattress that's exactly what you're going to have happen and you get unbeatable deal all the way around on delivery on price and in terms of uh... quality too because they carry on to the top brand names ever uh... in history of man silly certain king court every size every style not bait and swish they got exactly the one you're looking for in stock ready for nearly immediate delivery any to our window that's convenient for you you picked the time and they'll be there once you buy a mattress and dollar mattress you'll never go back to the show again because it's the easy simple way even for the latest folks just make that one easy call that's what i always do and i'll forget when you buy a mattress by calling one eight hundred m a t t r e s one eight hundred mattress dollar mattress sets it up and takes away the crappy old bedding for free let me say it again for the left coast dollar mattress sets up the brand new and takes away the crappy smelly old bedding for free so make the call right now and get you in your back a great night sleep for years to come one eight hundred m a t t r e s one eight hundred mattress for dollar mattress the easy the smart way to get you a great night sleep for a long time all right near sports radio five six you a m david's bitch oh Jim sir shouldn't we be using you know don't worry i'm using the new sponge oh hi guys i just love these debt together don't you lose this um Jim this is Bob nice to meet you Jim hey i got a great idea what for you James who work you're interrupting something here time's end the new contraceptive sponge bob shown to be 95% effective as a method of birth control consult your doctor to see if sponge bob is right for you well time to get back to work over why you got you dark in here bob and so hopefully hooked up now maybe now we're getting real serious on a statue right there in the middle of Baghdad we're gonna yank it here we go behind me uh and all around look like they're packing off the moment that it is in fact that it's free here we go we're yankin it we're going to break it we're going to break it we're going to break it oh what happened they took the american flag off their casagas the same thing happened is when they didn't boss right well you know it looks like an occupation then they put the Iraqi flag up there for coverman says and now because when a statue comes tumbling that is going to hit the ground we get all schmussi so real rocket scientists figuring these things out here we go they got that fully attached right around stop a segment of integrated naked sound over her not pouring oh Jesus there we go not nothing happened there's too much there's too much like leeway there's too much slack in that thing put it in reverse and just floor it that's the idea right and if there's a way behind you too bad just the A.L. out for like in golf here we go they're swung in it this is the icing there yankens they got that crane right around his neck not yet it just act as if if there's something you think you've done before even if you happen to be 19 years old and perhaps on your first overseeing his trip which is to Iraq so uh there's an emotional I mean this is just the spell binding there we go so you were saying when the american flag went up for the we're gonna fall he's like two points in your he must be like John Davidson gets paid by the word not yet oh here we go now it's taught it's tight tighten this that's you're starting to couple coming forward here we go right in the same just put me in moving the people back in my brain he's about like a little bit good pain for this so I think he's lean and baby lean on the left though oh yeah oh here we go this is it we're going all right throwing all jick that is throwing rock and the cross-tailed massive all the look make them front throwing good off you hear that the one guy yelled out cussel hoist that's I don't know the arrow arrow of smoke does it look like that toe tuck vehicle will try to move back so the sit-on is not left in a stangling position I think the devil even in stangling the season idiot thing oddly lived dangling there I think it's great dangling sit-on they can make an amusement park out of it we'll get that damn american technology in there and you know who we can call to get that thing go and I'll give you I'll give you 50 guesses the first 49 don't count oh it's not that's right oh another gonna yank you right off of the slam and now it's come off and everybody on the first half of the body just fell off oh she is going off and people are now on the on the statue of the racer girl like they do a dump on it people are rushing through the square to to in fact jump on the tiny people's three faces going on mostly there there are many in there the women and and children are simply standing back I think family so getting closer someone holding a child up oh we just got to bad news though wait till you hear this exclusive on the new rard you show the bad news the statue is not of sottom it's a statue of what it was look like oh no and if you would could you hold your phone away from your mouth they would give you some of the ambient sound coming from the also the person who fax this is their pull vote is a double vote low-powered while he's talking golf uh the sea and uh and i'll hold there it's something i'll protest idiotic letter from Dr. Laura and the newspaper somebody faxed me that or she didn't say this and she didn't say that we hate you Dr. Laura you're not pulling anybody okay you humble phobic bitch uh and by the way see you next time honey right around out some of the chairs but i'll hold to the burnoff when i think i believe the legs up there with those poles hanging out a great amusement park i snorkeling Mickey and company now here's a suggestion for the first show should be on there are you hot huh i guess in the middle of the desert naeperly probably you're gonna be should be the first on tv followed uh by temptation i want now we don't want to get those uh irackies horny because then they'll start multiplying even more than they already do but it should make a lot of baby here uh what's that all about huh you notice that way to the poke gets them i guess they're not the pope and kittin and he's out the pop is out we already decided that the u.s. is really porked off with the pope and his big mouth okay spoke one time fact we might want to slip a little glass of tea in the middle of the night kind of calm him down a little bit oh and i i'm not near where the statue was i could not putting the irackie flag on the uh basically a statue there at a big monument based in direction which is of course the direct they're sticking it uh the marines arrived from but you may you'll notice there's only about 200 people in this crowd i mean this is a major orchestrated for tv event but it's not as though you've got thousands of people here like one of those gigantic things you know it's just uh a couple hundred punks basically it's what it is five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line of work static that we could bring it to you right here on your news and tenses station q a m where when we say here's the latest headlines that means there are a couple of ball scores and who with their balls the farthest that's what it's all about what an embarrassment what a joke w q a m a new yes sir so is it down or what it's down man son of a down all right that make you day baby okay he's not as way that he amusement park let's see here's the fact that say could you please post a brand me that say we already did it's on a website today right you already got those done to bet but i'm sure that we're done what uh 90% of the world about that one the uh brand the one i read already on that's already on airman for your quick and the source of the most you ever think about errands uh thing about the picture missiles was the cbc from eighty and Williamsburg as well as that you the cdc the Canadian broadcasting corpate they did a whole hour documentary which they repeated this past weekend about the fraud of racy on an a patriot missiles and how shorts cough lied through his teeth to us and uh these really stringed out instead of 39 for 39 and knocking down the scuds it was oh we're 39 just a slight discrepancy there of 39 in fact when Greg was in here this morning i said to him Greg how many of those patriot missiles you think they shot down with the uh i was scuds rather about thirty man yeah i said hey how many listeners you think most got Greg about thirty man he hates him and of course so what should he be in different front of anybody else 61 let's do the poll which of these sounds what was i can't even read it right which of these sends you sound so excited from this this is really we haven't had this much of seven since George took a bm on most way which of these sends you diving to the dial to change stations fastest 320 votes religion talk 61 marlins baseball 58 is moving up there like lightning he hear that up marlins baseball and who would it put just marlin exhibition game we'd be off the map okay you saw many people were there for the meds game last night but thirty man George's voice 52 more Howard David's voice 42 now that's interesting do you see that woo George's curfew how he David it when he here George's voice 52 rushed to the dial to change station more Howard David only 42 golf talk 35 race track talk 26 to one here there's old cock was done it I had the two over to 78 died and I didn't want to hear it they don't want to hear it Hank get all these voice 20 20 don't want to hear you'll do they rushed to the radio 21 hockey talk 11 war talk eight and talk about most seven so they went here a lot more motoc is what they want here we've got a little momentum going here today I think and boy nice job over there with the help of our marine back in baseman was very creative innovative Iraqis finally after like hours and hours of paxking around with a little little string murals and so for the very beginning the whole image thing has been a powerful psychological weapon or other distro wqa m more light wqa five six seven oh five sixty you think that this audience will be forming at the mouth of all these goings are moving their forming wqa m one talk to me speaking sir Mr. Mr. Rajas one little thing I would like to call your attention to okay you every you're talking about the five hundred out of paper clips and a five thousand dollar toilet hit at the airport the government and right like Johnny Jones in the school boy here yeah anyway I'm talking about the G.B. U.28 bonker busting bomb race four thousand pounds range more than four mile cost hang on to you here okay hang in 18 million two hundred thousand dollars oh 18 million two hundred thousand sixty dollars wow no the TV secretary panther explosive casing made from surplus 18k on barrel who the bomb a motor car room can't can't but well now I see the point you know the canal manufacturers cruise ups on cannons the air to a surplus barrel now you have a choice to send it to the junkyard for a hundred dollar each or send it to a dump tax payer to the dump I mean a smart these politicians and the their counterparts in the Pentagon they said that to the taxpayers for one point I mean fifteen million dollars and this case is eighteen million two hundred thousand dollars people don't eighteen million two hundred thousand dollars it's a price of five hundred caddelex right five hundred caddelex now and they it's only one hundred you can use right now they use them all up you know now that these guys can sell more surplus uh camera or a surplus man that's right yeah four four the Pentagon and the dump tax payers because taxpayer what do you do about it nothing is a little bit correct thanks oh that is defending our country with it's dynamo or a car in the same time as dynamo or a car is really really this is just unbelievable good luck to us man first thing on a racketevi should be the Pepsi commercial with us here has more I agree good choice a couple of bloody musicians that that is the best spot in the history of my life ten fifty seven and five six uh and what five sixty or the hell are we anyway five was such a good mood that I realized I remember who we were here hey I'll tell you where you can go and they're celebrating their twenty fifth anniversary because they're so popular and that's brandy shoes in pop at obese this year is their twenty fifth year of doing a great job of putting good stuff on your feet in pop at obese and all over some Florida for that matter and they're unbeatable when it comes to shoes because they are pre-weight fantastic selection of men's and women's famous brands like rock ports echoes the fisto tyverland Clark's essay as floor shine and lots more a wide range of sizes at brandies for a no matter if you have teeny tiny feet or big fat ones they have men sizes six to 15 women's five to twelve and what's from the very narrow to the very wide they give you great personal service to make sure they get a perfect fit every time too and with over forty thousand pairs and stock in their eight thousand square foot mega store you can be damn sure even that Carlos's life on it that exactly the shoes you want are in stock ready to stick on your feet brandy's a great great place to shop for shoes you'll find them at twelve ninety northeastern highway in pop at obese open daily nine till nine Sunday's ten deal five and all this wicked brandies it's a great time to buy essay issues take twenty percent off all men's and women's essay styles and we should have his at brandy shoes on a web if you like it brandy shoes dot com you way yeah go up those checkered pants stare at my balls in the mirror va rave Mister levers a 11-a-1 at 5-60 WQAM. Here's the big news. The Roman Catholic Church has suspected confessions in Singapore due to the spread of the deadly SARS virus and priesteral instead for give all church scores for their sins the church be saying today. Just like in general, we forgive you. Just don't come near us. The Archbishop of Singapore has issued a directive to the priest that there will be no individual confessions and that there are to issue general forgiveness. So they spoke some of the Catholic news, which represents Singapore's Catholic Church. SARS is killed at least 103 people worldwide, including nine in Singapore. The city state has got the world's fourth highest number of confirmed cases. So if you want to go to confession, forget about it. Just walk out in the middle of it if you've got SARS. Don't even just stay inside. In Singapore. And certainly don't come here. Don't come here. Don't go to Canada. Just stay where to hide your heart. 5-6-705-60. Pound 5. Look at a slow-mo and replay. It is on CNN. There comes the statute. It has 90-604. 10-50. They've got the time. 10-58. And the statute falls in Baghdad. And Simon, you also described this a little bit early. It was monumental. Is what it was? What a wonderful event. It was monumental event. You missed it on TV. It goes to sure should have a TV in the cart. Joe Jamaica, it's going to be dynamite. That's the word I was looking for was dynamite. And of course I have that thing about JJ Walker. He makes my skin crawl. So I don't say dynamite. You've seen those things on the travel channel. They've got entire shows on that where they show the planning and the blowing up of all the old Casinos in Vegas where they like to get ready to build a new one. Yeah, and on the Discovery Channel, I've seen all of that. Mom, glad for you. 5-6-705-60 on 5-60 on a Y. No, it is pretty wild stuff. It's pretty interesting. I think about the 30 of the time. Which dome? What are the football domes? They showed, I don't know how many times that thing blowing up. I've seen it some time. I could tell you that. I was just in personal and just because the fans got pissed off. The fans are still in time. Let's get a new name for the stadium. Let's go back to Joe Ravi's stadium. What do you think, okay? I think pro players have been out of business a long time. I don't know how many months. Stop turning man. WKOM. Hello. Yes, sir. You're running a chair or an egg in the wrong number. Now this is me. Hey, how are you? Not only is it any arrive you show, but you're speaking to his majesty. Oh, wonderful. Want to be a pompous ass like Lardaz. Not a day to subject real quick, but I was trying to call you earlier in a week. Let you know what the last, the last, the way that media highlights things on the last show that we were at there was a Fort Lardo Gunshow, a Fort Lardo. A Fort Lardo PD officer was checking in the guns for the gun show and he pulled the trigger on one and went off and hit two people, but of course you never saw the tape or something about it. No, be never will. It was a Fort Lardo PD. It's not you like to know that. Thanks for the good news. Yeah. See you at the gun show. Wonderful. Oh, by the way, that BSO cop thing. That was a horrible stress. You raised over 1,500,000. They had a raise it to a million. 25 years old, that was his first night on that job at that car dealer. It was his first night working there on security. It was also a rookie cop suppose. Right. The rookie cop 25 years old and they came in bloom away. Yeah, this this upset. I don't want to go into it. What's the point? I'm not going to change nothing. I'm just expressing my frustrations of the obsession with violence and with guns. That's part of the sickness of America man. It's sick. It's really sick. That's why all of this this war man. When they see this today, they're going to be squeezing themselves until they bleed. You know, all the gun, Totten, the red, Nikki, right wing, lunatics. Let's kill some schmoth ahead for Christ. General Tommy Franks is repeated what we heard him say many. They started their rakeys. They're getting a little bit nervous when they put their big cross around Sodom's neck. They got nervous when they saw that. WKOM. QAM. QAM. Good morning. Yes, sir. What is this? I'm listening to you. I'm driving a QA from business and I just want to tell you that if you don't stand up for somebody and smack my hour in the mouth, I'll get somebody to do it. Okay. What do you know who you need to go see, don't you? I don't know. For justice, we need to see Don Koyol. He'll take care of it. He's out against the ridiculous. Yeah. It's ridiculous. Eric is the word man. He's a needle. He's a needle wannabe. He's a human being wannabe is what he is. Okay. Have a great day. And you too. Hey, even the audience hates you, maw. Everybody hates you. At least you're consistent. Not good, but consistent. So anybody that quite an ed jackass that suckles Scott that call them this morning. Oh, I can't imagine anybody not like him how we're David. Because just another caller sucking into and graciating himself, you know. Never met the man I'm sure. Wouldn't know if he is wig fell on Scott's head, he wouldn't know him. What's going on with this over here, Carlos? Oh, no. Wait a second, we go over there. Take a look at it. Get out of here. Okay. Just the old paper jam, okay? Which is really good on it. It's crackers. I got his fixed. I've become a real expert, not because I'm so smart, but because by survival, I can throw on our own little studio there. I'm sorry, get a paper jam and I got it straight now. I'm on it. I'm right on it. 560, 560, 560, 560, honey. I'd say this week has been so enjoyable without you or not. I mean, you're okay. Not that you don't such a great job, you're not doing anything. But he just bugs me a lot. And the audience obviously bugged by his voice too. Although the marlins have passed and buy. Sometimes I feel like life is passing me by George. They just hate you, man. What is it? What was it kind of myth that they like him? No, this is a different crowd. Now these people don't like him in a free-do admit it. No, this is not the closet crowd. That was another pull. You got your pulls mixed up, man. You better get your pulls straight now. Oh, there's Martin Savage and bag that on a very bad, one of those telephone types. Building this behind us here. And at the same time, well, that firing was taking place because there was so much artillery fire tank fire, heavy machine gunfire. I'm order fire going off. It's apparently touched off a huge cash. It seemed like anti-aircraft artillery that literally burned and exploded for the next 45 minutes, even after the fighting had started. This is their bag that universe flying through the air, quarter-round is going on. And it sounded like World War III and broken out. And they also had been a happy fight with the Marines. The Marines now have obviously taken control of the campus. The fires have been extinguished and the fighting has stopped and the campus has been sold in control. OK, well, there's a little more of a excitement. There's going to be a lot more excitement. Don't get all cocky on you, Hawksaw, there to think, oh, we got to die now. You don't have it done. Isn't it the statue that just not found right there behind them? No, it is not that soft. It is. I guess that is. But how can it be? This is a live picture. It says. Wait a minute. Oh, this is Martin Savage. No, this is a bag that University. The other thing was that it's another statue of him. OK, they're all over the. No, this is one of the other imposter. It's statue number 42. I asked Martin Savage when we had him on the air last week. I said, how many Sodom statues are there in the rampag that he said? Oh, no. I can't believe I did that. Oh, you're getting interfering with the show today. Why do I keep on that's right. Did the Luca Brassie thing? Well, I'm not used to this board. You know, it's graphical back to Toronto. Here's the fact that the reason why Joe Robbie's state of misdemeanor pro player, because it would cost Wayne 750 grand just to take all the pro players signs done. I'm clean the main sign. Have a stadium. Wayne sucks. It says Wayne sucks. I'm so lonely correct. Oh, speaking of Wayne. Well, I'll get to in a second. The greatest thing we've already taught the Iraqis. I'll tell you in a second. By the way, why can't hockey have a shootout after the overtime that would be exciting? No, shootout suck. I hate that. And forget the point system. Don't agree with the reviews on the war, but love the show. It's all over the for a lot of the day. Okay, still I'll be all over. Already, and I'll see you at the McDonald's and bag that. Now, what was I just going to say? The greatest thing we taught the Iraqis. Oh, speaking of Wayne. Did you see it was like in the early days of the war in Bosra, and they were doing the hokey pokey with the troops. You didn't see that? I think I remember. Yeah. I think we were doing. You'll put your right foot in. You stick it up Wayne's ass. It was great. They were doing a hokey pokey. I was just, I think that even our good friend. Wayne, I think. Go. Even he would have been impressed. See this is not the same statue you were seeing before. So just don't get all your. Get your Sodom straight, would ya? I know there's a lot of them, but just calm down. Then past 11 at 5, 60, WDQM, hey, if you find yourself working for a real smock, if you did it in job, if you don't have two knickles to run together, get out of that dead end job. If you got a IQ larger than your thumb, this is probably for you. Call our good friends at fast rain and start on a new high-pane computer job. You can get trained in just for easy months and start getting a big fat paycheck. By the way, speed of that tomorrow's payday clearance. Yeah. I just mentioned that in passing. Look at that Carlos's. He's hyperventilating about it because you know, he probably ain't going to get any. Don't forget Carlos and Miguel are treasure island of the 7-5-7. See, that's why we're not going to pay tomorrow. We don't want to waste your money on those expensive hookers over there. Anyway, if you're in a, like I said, a crappy job. Here's the answer for you. Just one simple call to fast rain can change your life. 866 fast train. Fast rain offers convenient day evening weekend classes. Check them out on the web if you like it. Fastrain.com and get out of your dead end job once and for all. There are high demand those computer professionals and the demand is getting higher by the moment just like the people in this building. While fast train today, they log locations all over town. They're in Miami, Kendall, Pemper Pines and Fort Lauderdale. So there's bound to be one close by you. Register at fastrain.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker. Wave it proudly, man. Wave it all around and you put your right foot in. Do the hooky, pokey, why you doing it too, can't hurt. Pick up the phone and call fast. Ready to get you a real job at a real big fed income. Call 1-866 fast train. My, and local. We're sports radio 566. You, A, M. With the sewer of this place. Start the whole change of mother. Pick up. All right. Start the whole change of mother. Pick up. Start the whole change of mother. Pick up. Start the whole change of mother. Pick up. Start the whole change of mother. Pick up. Start the whole change of mother. Pick up. Start the whole change of mother. Pick up. Start the whole change of mother. Pick up. Or use to be anyway. Load of Jimmy Dumbledore, he's got the right complexion. Has full asshole. When he's in the such an asshole, he held that finish at three turns. Because he would take a shower with ankle, burp, asshole. Has full. He'll turn between icing a such an asshole. He's just like Hitler and a Bobron. What's that? He's pounding on. Has full asshole. Somebody facts his minutes. The dolphins have been playing a pro player state in the after a food or room company that lost its shorts and economic downturn four years ago. Four years ago they went out of Venice. The dolphins have been looking for a new company by the stadiums name. So the other facts was correct. He just too cheap to go and change all the signs everything. So here we got to talk about an embarrassment. I always told you this town is beyond embarrassment. And you know what I am? Absolutely correct. So we got a stadium with a couple of really marginal teams. Neither which makes the playoffs. And the owners too cheap to change. At least take the sign down. I'll make it back to Joravi Stadium. Okay. Now he won't do it. You cheap old bald head at the geek. Oh, they just have the talking head generals. One of the 85 hundred talking every tear generals and kernels. And he said that this was the easy part. He said the sitting up the new government being there and what's to follow. That's going to be the difficult part. And he is also. That's the real correct. Well, here's a replay on a statue. Anastand. And it was used as a justification not to expand the peacekeeping security forces outside of Kabul. And the result is being virtual, anarchy, a re-emergence of warlordism, attacks on humanitarian workers and the like. Oh, she's talking about the great job we did in Afghanistan. That's right. We're always talking a good game. We're going to liberate you. We're going to set up a real democracy or do we ever do it? No. We need to early and we let the animals work themselves out. The animals. Do you want to start getting Georgia's hate mail now? Is that it? We're going to put your name on here next time we do this poll. Beiner boy. When you see a Beiner boy, treasure island night, slap monocytodid, they quick call us animals. Okay. I'll use schmateids out there. I'll do Afghanis. Maybe there'll be some Afghan hounds there tonight or at least some brownie hounds. 3 every 98 votes on the poll, which of these sends you diving to the dial to change stations the fastest. Religion talks 73. Why? What are you shaking your head about? They've heard of my choice. They've heard of enough. They've had enough with his heath and crap that George keeps spewing on his show. If we could be a little bit more pious on this show, you know? And worship the Lord. In fact, remember Pope Pious? Speaking of Nazis, George's voice 72, Marlon's baseball 72, George and the Marlon's, that was the headlot in common. In fact, we got almost a three way tie for first. Religion talks 74 now. George's voice 73. Marlon's baseball 72, Mohara David's voice only 53. Ha ha ha ha. You're a somebody to talk about, Mo George, I'll tell you that right now. He's way way to hell ahead of you. I mean, under you know what I'm saying? In other words, you're killing him. Take off those checkered pants. Yeah, you little geek. Golf talk 42, race track talk 32. Gail these voice 23. I'm Gail these voice. Hockey talk 15, War talk 12 and talk about Mo 7. So that thing, that means it's starting from the bottom. We should be talking about those things. Talking about Mo, well, we certainly can let you down on that ever. Because we all hate him. War talk, I think we've done our part today, especially with the statue. Did you have five million people? Hockey talk 15. Well, I'm more hockey talk. What about that mad Sunday in the Alexander McGillney, huh? And Gary Robertson Doug Gilmore can't play the first round. How about those ladies, baby? Eddie Bell for it. Have a good belt here to be put again tonight. Eddie can't hurt. And they're playing in Philadelphia. What I was nasty, flyer fans. Oh. Crenshaw think about hate the flyers. I hate their fans. Hate Bobby Clark. I hate Bobby Clark. He makes me with that stupid tooth eating grin. Back in the days when he didn't have no teeth in there. Mmm. Real piece of crap. This is the man who said, well, we didn't tell Roger Nealson to go get cancer. That's the kind of guy Bobby Clark is. That's what he said. Roger Nealson when they let him go. Yeah, Roger. I mean, good luck to you. But we didn't tell you to go get cancer. I mean, you know, we just good luck someplace else. Oh my god. What a jackass that Bobby Clark. You asshole. Right. You got him, though. So I hope the least would have about 15 to nothing tonight. It's in Philadelphia though. So, you know, Kate Smith's going to be seeing you go out of Los America on tape. Oh. I've speaking to the Panthers. I don't know, seasons long over. It was a foreground conclusion. They won't listen to anybody. They're about your heart asses. Not only did they have the volume cranked up again. I mean, heavy duty level on Sunday. But they had the little girl. I guess they've been doing this all the long. They have the little girl reading the line of second. It is what is wrong with you, people. Do you have any idea about how to present a big league quality or professional event? No, I guess not. Starting on less wing for the philosophy of flyers. Is it somebody's daughter? Evidently. Neppotism. Oh, man. I guess it was the leaf game when she was butchering up the names. Starting for the maple leaves. Nick and Troopov. Tyd dummy. Oh, I was just too pretty good. She was terrible. And then they had some chick-mountain to god bless America before the national anthem. And I'm going to be honest with you. That realized it was in the sunrise of the macarina. But it was not considering wearing this war, you know? It was not the usual. Yeah, you know, this is seriously. It was kind of like look warm. Like look robot-eye. We're putting it here this. Somebody just facts me if they New York Times. And they put a note on here. It says how long before point extra an S.C.K.G.B. declare martial law. Remember him martial law. He was kind of verinal. I used to pitch for the Pittsburgh pirates. The Deacon. Fernan law. Rest in peace. I think he's dead. Republicans want terror law made permanence as the New York Times. Working with the Bush administration, congressional Republicans are maneuvering to make permanent. The sweeping anti-terrorism powers granted a federal law enforcement agents after the attacks of 9.11 official said yesterday. Do all the stands of your stop-out to strike up everyone? The movies like the touch off strong objections for many Democrats and even some Republicans and Congress will believe the Patriot Act. Like the who believe that the Patriot Act has legislation that will be attached is known has already given the government too much power to spy on Americans. The landmark legislation expanded the government's power to use eavesdroppings to surveillance access to financial and computer records and other tools to track terrorist suspects. It's supposed to expire or sunset at the end of 2005 and the Congress reauthorizes the principles of it. But Republicans in the Senate have in recent days discussed in proposal written by Senator Oran Snatch of Utah that would repeal a sunset for vids and make the laws new powers permanent. How do you like that? They want to make it permanent. Do you might mention my name is a rice master curry? Many Democrats have grown increasingly frustrated about what they see as a lack of information from the Justice Department on how its agents are using their newfound powers and they say they need more time to determine whether agents are abusing those powers. Oh, that could never happen here. Could it? No. They couldn't go after their enemies like Gabe Gerhover. Could they? What a fax machine is smoking at a man. Here's a fax from Dave. Oh, it says with his latest news from Baghdad, we can safely go around bragging that we have toppled Sodom Hussein, Har Har. Oh, okay. We've toppled him. We can topple or we can't topple or we can't. We can't topple or we can't. We can't. We can't. Upon. And it was cute. It was from a guy named Dave. Here's one. It's a monkey man. Dave. You guys should get guilty to the play by playing the statue coming down. Tell Boker. Okay, monkey man. Give it a rest. Okay. We don't really go the rest. Did I give it a rest? See, you give these people any encouragement right away. They're like sit down comedians. They're like, yeah, they're entertainers. They're just relaxed monkey man. Okay, put it back in your pants and come down. Okay. Put your banana back in your pants, Mr. Monkey and come down. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. Here's one. Oh, yeah. I almost forgot about this one. That jackass Norma can't. What an idiot. Here's a fax from his only listener. Adrian. Yo, Adrian. It says Neil was listening to Storm and Flame, Norma Kencho this morning. Before he started ripping and evil about Neil being a fat ass on the couch, fumbling with a remote, dicking around with a cable. He screams Neil get up off the couch. You won't have as many heart attacks. I haven't had any heart attacks, Norma. Your squeeze was far ahead. My, my squeeze is great. Okay. Not that you're going to get an indication of it. Okay. Ask our good mutual friend Jim. He'll tell you my squeeze is real good. It says tell Norma to get off the air and get to work on you being syndicated. Listening online, Adrian. PS when George is on the air. I start running for the hills. Ha ha ha. Oh, man. So there's a guy with good taste. He can't stand Norma Kencho. George's on. He starts running like a, uh, banshee. Yeah, Norma do something constructive. Okay, and stop by using me from a tier line. Your pathetic one hour show on a make believe station. Oh, and also speaking of that. Boker Brian was telling me yesterday that Randy is on a year. I knew she was on somewhere. But, uh, cheap channel keeps moving all these Palm Beach people around all the stations. You can't keep track. That's probably the idea. 1290. We mentioned that yesterday. I guess and Boker Brian said she's doing a, wow. Magnificent job even though she's very self immersed with her own importance of things, but she's doing a good job. Nice gone Randy and also mentions very flattering about me. How great I am. By the way, Lynn Samuels hates you like poison Randy. Well, Lynn also said our website is looking better every day and much better than hers. Now, wrote her back and I said, yes, thank you, Lynn. We love you sweetheart. Even all your friend Matt's an asshole. Yeah, I spoke of Brian. I said, what is the attraction? What is that all about? Huh? Because the rumor has it that Lynn's got a Mattroge blow up doll. She said it works a lot better than the real thing in his case. And I'm sure I can see that. 26 after 11, that's what David Brock said too. Hey, I want to give you some really exciting news. More great deals from our friends, Tom Lamin and Joe Pareto and Halipadi AGMC. Listen carefully. Put your ear and rear right to the radio. Neil, the number one gets 0% financing for 60 months in every Pontiac or GMC in stock. Neil, the number two get up to a $4,000 rebate and every new car truck in stock. And Neil, deal number three, if you're currently a GM smart leisure smart by customer and driver Chevy Blazer and old provider or GMC, Jimmy, buy or lease a new Pontiac or GMC and extra $1,000 off the price. Stop by Halipadi. I was starting to think about Grand Prix every time I see that. You know me in my mind. I have heard people on the years to call it a new car. I have heard people on the years to call it a new car. I have heard people on the years to call it a new car. You know my mind. I have heard people on the years to call it the Grand Prix. You can't say that. Halipadi AGMC 134-1-Soptixi Highway that's US-1 across them the falls open every day seven days a week. Norma get a live U jackass and quick call me at home. We hate you. For more information called the Neil, the O'Hotline toll free at one Tribal 8, 534-4211. That's one 888-534-4211. Note again, all Neil deals are subject to credit approval. See dealer for details which in this case happens to be. Halipadi AGMC who are definitely beyond a shadow of a doubt. Professional grade. My mind. And look for it. This is 4 305-6. You can win the 2-8. You can win the 2-8. This is the one thing that gets some diving for the knowledge and the station. I think this man is going to hit. So, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, It's my birthday. I'm smelling foul. It's my birthday. And the grab and towel. It's my birthday. And you know I got a rubber job. It's my birthday. You can find me in the tub. In Mr. Bubble Day. He got what I need when I need to have a scrub. I'm making fun of me with all the extra suds. I clean or run my ears while I'm sitting on my bed. You can find me in the tub. Special on the rug and rinse. I clean my back. I got to use a brush. But I have a toy coat. If you want to have fun, it's tough to get the scrub that's why I'm sitting in the tub. Don't fry like like you don't need no bath. Need a mint tub on the tub. Me and Mr. Bubble. Got a sub bubble bath. I want to say one thing. It was definitely not today for the bath party. No. I love the 32 at 5.60 WQM. They're dragging a head through the streets of Baghdad. Now the dragon's saw them said. At least one from the statue. Anyway, I want to see when they really drag the real head through the streets. Or at least one of the imitators. Not the clown side of them that we liked him. Huh? I like to put him on in the morning show. He sure is. He'll be too hot. He'll be a panic. And in fact, let's stir. What do you want? The marlins. The novelist last night that was a mistake. A misprint in the newspaper. They score 15 runs every inning. The marlins win every game they never lose. What's the next question? That guy is a panic. And then the real panic was watching the news. The idiots under analyzing. How can he be saying this? He says whatever he wants. You know, he doesn't want to get his ass killed is what it's all about. He's a good obedient soldier. And Paul asks with a lot of cash. I'm sure. Paul the horizon that oil far has burned through the night. Another oil far. That just as I came across. The marines have. It only take me so far because they have very, very certain script. He lines the division between the various regiments that they won't cross. Who does that anchor of prophet and MSNBC? Probably talk about the fact that some of the worst mates still be ahead that the day. If you're just spreading the stars right on your TV set. Here's a fact that says how far do you see the panthers going to play off? About to the wall I would say right to their cars in a parking lot. I can see Victor Coslov buying tickets for the Eastern Semis. But I can't really see LeWonger going to game seven and Dallas to see the cup deciding game between Toronto and Dallas. Oh, Toronto and Dallas. This must be from a star's fan. Oh, God, are they boring? They're so boring. You mean Toronto and Vancouver, eh? I can also see J.F. LeWonger and Ricky Williams going to the Super Bowl after they buy tickets of course. The Dolphins and everybody to the bowl. Sooner or later. A lot of stuff here. We got the Prince Charles thing. I don't know whether we have time for the Templates stuff. Oh, we got to have this. Brittany anything else that would Brittany the guys are like right there. They're got their hand on their knob. Not my better play to write one. Is it this one? Yeah. Hi everybody. Welcome back to the countdown. I'm your host, Crazy Case. We're a winner from a literary, lnudo. That's not the one. What's the one where he's cursing? What is that called? They're called Casey? One moment plays. Oh, yeah. Now we're up to our long distance dedication. And this one is about kids and pets and a situation that we can all understand. Whether we have kids or pets or neither. It's from a man and Cincinnati. Dear Casey, this may seem to be a strange dedication request, but I'm quite sincere. And it'll meet a lot if you play it. We certainly, there was a death in our family. He was a little dog named Snuckles, but he was most certainly a part. Please. See, when you come, I rose up, tempered. Damn numbers, man, is impossible to make those transitions. And then you got to go into somebody dying. You know, they do this to me all the time. I don't know what they'll do it for, but damn it. If we can't come out of a slow record, I don't understand it. He's down on the phone. Okay. I want to damn consider the effort to come out of a record that isn't a peanut up tempo record every time I do a damn death dedication. Now, make a picture. I was supposed to see this week. Just a god last damn time. I want somebody to use this fucking brain. And not come out of a damn record that is that being. Plus, it's been ponderous, man. Ponderous, been ponderous. Britney Spears, new boyfriend, is showing the trouble singer how to mend her broken heart. Without hitting the wild parting scene. More so, give what a shoner, but it's too late. After the pop princess was dumped last year by ex-loved. But after being introduced by mutual friends to Mike Kasem, son of legendary radio DJ KC Kasem. Britney is trying hard to change her bad girl ways, pal. Say, oh, Mike is helping Britney get over just in a friend tells the star. She was going out lots and lots, then Mike stepped in to her life and he's had a positive influence on her. Maybe she's maybe they're going in and out. He's gotten ready to keep her party to a minimum. He would like her to stop drinking entirely. Britney, what a job honey, and the booze too. Now, the picture here, which he's a pretty martial. Can you think she'd ever go out with a good looking guy? I'm a little bit jealous. I don't know who he is. He's not a bad looking guy, but she's not going out with him anymore. He's gotten Britney to keep. Britney 21 considers Mike 27 a former MTV VJ in Asia a role model because he doesn't indulge in Hollywood excess. He's strong and stable says the friend he doesn't drink or do drugs. Boring. That doesn't make him a state home geek. He and Britney spend the nights together at sushi and Louisiana style restaurants. He's got a lot of stuff to do with her favorites and hanging it out at the Hollywood hotspot. Joseph's cafe in the lounge. Eating sushi. Mikes fun and outgoing. He's showing Britney. You don't have to party to extreme to have a good time. They've dated since November, but Mike knows part of Britney is still planning for her Instinct X, and we can take it what part it is, but we can't sit on the ear. Still planning for Justin's Tinkerbell. I'm in love with her, and I'm waiting patiently for her to fall in love with me, but I know she's still hung up on Justin. Mike can fight into the friend. Don't you think this has been going on long enough at his time for Britney to say, Bye bye bye! For that little Torpey Twiggy piece of crap, oh god is he, he's nauseating. Can he sing? No. Does he look good? No. Any talent whatsoever? No. She with a potty mouth daddy like you got. She's a super talent, a case he case in 70 tells the star, my son thinks he's a great girl. Mike is quiet when it comes to talking about Britney saying, we're just friends. Or just friends. No, because he wants to talk to me. Don't tell me she's a die. Please. I would say that even if I knew that, just because it would ruin. But see George Vanichord. I'm not by that. He thinks that's great. So now the Regina want to watch her do it with, like, say, jailo? Sure. She let me watch. Or happen to middle? But sources say you'd probably hurt and jailo's ass would get in the way all out. Well, says she did look damn good at the, what was it? We should get the ass awards. Yeah. Yeah. The Oscars. Oh, and the new news is that the movie that she made with both of them would then have been afflact so bad they won't release it. That's how bad it is. Seriously, it's called Fall Down and they did or something. Yeah. Offled. And guess what jailo was still not believe in it? She's not going to get in between Matt Damon and Ben. I'll hear it to you that. Anyway, Mike spends evenings at Britney's house. The friend says he won't say if they're having sex and he's not the kind of guy to kiss until. I want to give you a kiss. But he hints that they're very close. Not close enough to do it, but they're getting there. He's definitely attracted also came to Britney's rescue at another sea. Mike and I, who's this? I'll call him. Fails on about. Oh, wait. Colin Feral above left. Oh, yeah. He don't look to value if he turned. Turn your head, Colin. Can't do it. But the new Mike case and right of hand, he not not good. Woo. I wouldn't touch him with your hand. She called Mike from Justice Party crying in all of a sudden because Justin was ignoring her the princess. Mike was waiting for it. Britney was visibly distressed when she left the party. Where Justin was hanging it out with Christina Aguilera and listen to Milano. And even as Mousi's Christina is, that great recorder who's, what's the record call? Delibi? I don't know. No, Christina Aguilera said, it's a great record. I know, but he, she can depend on Mike's is the French. He always wants him around. She feels protected when he is. Hey, Britney. Time to say. The picture bell. Just start doing it with somebody. Looks human. What is it, even if that's song? Beautiful. That's an even the song. Beautiful. See, I asked the questions and then I answered he, not he nods his head. Yeah, that's it. Nice going old man. Beautiful. Thank you. Fife. We knew to win our Wednesday, Humpty Reprieve, our comedy, but thank God. Anybody doesn't like that you were communist. We love it. We're just something on fire at Baghdad. These kind of weapons. And fortunately so far we have not seen weapons of mass destruction used. Oh, not yet. We haven't seen them. They've used. We haven't seen the thing exist there yet. But we're still looking man. We got the search party on. Hey, the Panthers and Heater done for the season. So is college basketball. The Marlins are often other really crappy start 2 and 6 last time I took. And it often is no get started for 3 more months. But wait, there's still some live action going on where you can be a winner and have a great time. Pompito Park R.N.S. is open for live harness racing Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. First post time, 715 PM General Parking Zero Mission at free. Let me say it again. General Parking and admission are free at Pompito Park. Come on to pumping. You're at the thrill of nighttime horse racing action. Enjoy the sounds of thundering hooves coming down the stretch and cheer home a winner from the rail. Pompito Park has the live horse racing action you're looking for. Plus, through a bread high line harness racing, Sinal casting from North America every day starting at noon. This Friday, and Pompto, it's the 25,000 dollar final of the Valley Victory Trotting Series featuring Stakes Reck and Order's sweet count. Taking on Ember and Nade LaVec, Zeezee's balance and wild rush. Plus world class drivers Brian Sears. Bruce Ranger. Oh, and Walla, uh, Hennessy. And Kevin Wallace. In every race. Every race on Friday, that's good. I'm going to say again, Brian Sears, Bruce Ranger, Walla, Hennessy, and Kevin Wallace. You haven't got a chance, eh, Walla? Forget about it. And don't forget every Wednesday, like tonight at the Pompito Park is down tonight with draft your hot dog so doesn't even more. Way to we have Levi-Harner drive. Drive is going to be great. Pompito Park, a block south Atlantic Boulevard on Power Line. Road for more info called 954. 972 2000 don't forget the schedule. Now we got 4 overnight so week. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, live racing like tonight. 715 p.m. And Walla, this is 4256. 212 a.m. We'll let's be in. Alright. I got a pretty hot dog. Oh! Tell me what you love my eye. But I know what you keep on taking up my eyes. Don't play the Christmas everything. Check out my Western book and my birthday. You come on to me and my stuff things in my ear. And it sounds so fun. But if you wanna take me, you're so. There's things about me. I don't think you know. Yes. I'm on the edge. 7-7. You can play the Christmas. You can play the Christmas. Because you could throw a chill in the sea when they get the free. You went to the prison page. She was 25 but she's just 13. Her picture. I've got my lips a free. Daddy called the cops at night. My dress up her picture. Because I've had such a free. Now the mask has pinched my knee. And I've got such a thing right now. Welcome. Of my show. She's a lady. She's a lady. She's a lady. She's 25. You should be scared of her. Yeah. And then her own and stone spread later. I've died of mine. Oh, what a sign. She's looking my way. I've got a feeling she's 25 but she's just. For $1.62. I'm going to tell you what Carlos doing a great job. I'm an Eric. Here's the poll question. What do these sends you down to the other chain stations the fastest? Marlins baseball has come from a late start to first place. The Marlins are first place. At least in our standings. 87 votes. The hate here in Marlins baseball especially when we're supposed to be on your here. Or Hank. Where anybody in midday were mad dog. They hated it. George's voice 81. He's given him run for the money and religion talks 76. Mohour David of his voice. 63. Gov talk 51. Race track talk 37. All those old cochers who stand down at the rail turning over to losing tickets like I said. At Gulfstream. Yaldi's voice 26. Rocky talk 19. Ward talk only 14 and talk about Mohour only 8. Yeah. So I think today in honor of Mohour. And that noon to one hour which I predicted this the other day that being the mood to do that. Maybe we'll have like an all-mohour noon to one. Maybe we'll just want to do another sprinkle dinner. Because I don't know if we have enough. Yeah we do. Easy. Yeah. We do. We build up a little Mohour momentum. And then of course mad dog from that laugh from. Where would it have led is from that golf crab? I'll gust it. Somebody faxed and says, I'll say mad. It's just across the street or down the street or in the same state. No way will he be at the turning. He doesn't really care. I don't think. He's just up there having a good time. What was he talking about that hog and does ice cream and some. Peaches. I don't know what some crap. He's drinking his green lizards and eating a bunch of great crap. That's all he's is a great guy. He's just a party animal man to mad dog. It says, Jim Man is broadcasting in the woods of Georgia while hanging out with a bunch of other men. But that's what he likes. He likes the company of other men. Not in bed, but the rest of the time. Not in the kitchen necessarily. Bill says, Jesus Christ kneel. I'm sorry Bill, I could give you a little bit better and throw that if I could find it. Like I said, Bill says, Jesus Christ kneel. Every time that, oh this is your first hay fax. Great. You say this, maybe you can get it. Every time that little beaner spick opens his mouth and makes me want to put my hair out. Every time that little beaner spick opens his mouth, if you shut up, it makes me want to pull my hair out. I thought George sounded like he was always in search of his balls, but Carlos makes George sound like James Earl Jones. This is CNN. I just keep thinking of that phone call to the bird where the guy begs and pleads to just play something anything. I can't stand to hear the sound of his voice as Bill. I can't touch. So maybe we can redo that. I hate the bird bit and we can't. I hate the beater boy bit. Huh? Just please play something. Yeah. Although he isn't talking as much as George. Thank God. Because if he would be, he'd be gone. Okay. Marla's baseball about 88 votes. And that's something. That's a price. No, and that's a price. You know what I mean? I keep trying to tell you people. Very few people here, carrots. You can keep trying to pet it. You can give away free hot dogs. You give away, well whatever you want. But the rest of the time, nobody's going to show up because they just don't care. And you can keep re-hashing and analyzing him. It's so ponderous. I'd rather hear people talk about golf and I'd rather be dead than hear talk about golf. Oh, but the tiger. That's a, yeah, take the tiger and stick him. Okay. Tired of itself boring. Golf. It will golf is, it's a balloon-o's pursuit for people with too much time on their hands. Tiger. I like you. WQAN. Yeah. Yes sir. I have an honest-a-god series question by self that I don't understand. Okay. The newspapers and radio TV also said that they were able to talk to, whose they thought is the dollar sums in 12 minutes. The money in the money. No, that's it. Not in 45 minutes, so for them to get there. Okay. 45 minutes to get there. We have a dime, 90 miles south. He got over a stage to give a 2.5 hour speech. He got over a half hour speech. And they came back. Right. He got over a half hour speech. He was a small potato man. You notice his name was never listed with the email on the asses of evil. I just sent you the email on the set of the email. I want to ask you to do. Remember that there was lead up right? During that time period. I mean, I don't know. Text drawing. I would call up to everybody that the, everybody that the moon's because if they didn't produce them while the war was on, they had to eat them. Just remember sir, what Eisenhower said be where the military industrial complex. That's what he said. Exactly. And you too. That's what all I said. And of course everybody liked. He's the one that had all a heart attack. No, I'm not mean. I have no heart attack chance to go liberate the Iraqi people. I'd also like to ask the 75% of Americans if they'd still support the war. If it were being fought here and it was our children being blown up. I love the response you get from our government officials. Last about instance, children dying. They'll give you the company line. Well, if we didn't do this many more would die at the hands of Sodom. Right. That's almost like saying if we don't kill them somebody else will. And this goes on and on. Keep the public busy with no time to think back on a farm with the other animals. Right. Very good. Facts. Thank you sir. You're right on target. Keep them busy. Keep the education system and joke. Talk a good game about education and keep the people stupid. We'll be starting next Thursday on Iraqi TV. Huh? Which is a good idea? Where did that do? Now what did I say was going to the poll tomorrow? We're going to do the poll on whether or what should be the first shows on Iraqi TV and radio. Since it's not controlled by USA, USA, USA, Liberation Day and Baghdad with USA. Suffice it to say. And the Brits. Three minutes till noon we got that big noon to one on board. This thing is flown by here. We should take one quick call. WQAM. What's all right? No time. Hey, if you're still... What? Play for years to come. Live and local. This is five-six years old. The Rears of Your God. That's how you win. And for our Illiana, Ross, laden and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels. And listening to the new roll. Okay, I'm going to use the hour. Take a bite. All right, welcome back to the Howard David show. Where we run a clean family diaper. What do you call it there? Show here. No, I don't talk about queer. It's like that juke fan. Gank that follows me. I ain't going to make the same goddamn estate. Suppy salesmate. What are you doing? You remember when he told the kids to put their hands in the parents They think... Oh yeah, vividly. With a little humor based on the comedy Styling's a Jack Boom Boom Carter. Oh yeah, back. Say, ain't it a beautiful day in paradise, huh? I'm a dice. I sure. Pitted a New York. Uh, yeah. Oh, you're from New York, right? Yeah, I'm from Kalaasi. Oh, woo! Now, right, pipe down. I just put my wig again. So, would you come down here for? Well, I had to. Besides, said, this right here, this is paradise. The thing I've got, I can make it say I try to miss New York. Why? Don't you want to go back sometime? I, uh, I can't go back. I come! Well, day told me in no uncertain times. Let's not get into that right now. Yeah, that sounds familiar. So, uh, you hear the news? Huh? I said, have you heard the news? No! They're gonna suspect. Oh, hey? That's right. They ought to let the little spit fast and go. What did he do? I just don't like a man. Ain't that good enough? But little little adopt, don't you think? Oh, you are doing with me. No. You know who I am. I got the power of great greed behind me. I'm taking it easy. I want a fire of all. You! You're fired, too! Get out of my place of business! So say you're a place of business! Why you're a fire of business! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Open! Open! Ow! Ow! Five, sixty, W, U, A, and presents. Leaving, two weeks. Starring, low, how it did it, as well. All it, as gay Carlos. Even jagal steam as well, you. And bright love as movies. I'm home. Hey, what's the hot stand? I ain't got the place to hang my wick. I'm old, too. You're a beast. You better clean that tea pedal before I'm old get home. Um, yeah, I don't know, while it's kind of aching. Ha ha! So, you didn't clean the tea pedal, huh? Yeah, fat little bastard. You tub a lot. You're walking. Go in. Told you he'd get so long. I'm gonna be so hard. I'm gonna buy it. Hey, come here, beast. Time we had a little chat. Um, I don't know. Okay. No. You don't say anything to lump through. I'm gonna stand it. Okay. Yeah, I said not to lump the broken. But you stopped with I got it. Remember my friend here? Mr. Belt. Don't. Don't. Oh, maybe. I really stopped. Don't. I said stop it. You should come out your pipes, moken, poof. Okay. But don't stand near the window. What for? Because you might fall down. Don't. Don't. Okay. And that's why I think that Jethal have a chip-pinship season. And when did I tell you? You don't talk to like say you can talk. This is the beast. I said shut up. Fatso. But you're like a father to me. You don't talk to lump, done talking. When I'm done talking, then you talk. Okay. I'll be. Come here. I want you to meet a friend of mine. Mr. Cough Club. Why are you? I heard. Who's gonna say the business sentence they coming in? This court sentences you to 20 years in hours. Would you be both? I had a tag of my mattress. Looks like we'll be your bunkmates. The names of all our statements. Starer's stage screen and paradise. What's your big old me, Cough? You've got so panless. Thank you. Hey. You gonna? I mean, so hard real hard. I'm gonna make you my wife. Oh, I know what it is. Stop it. You're a scorn. Who got you? Pinky. One, two, three, four, five. You got ten minutes. What else do you think the need? You're a boat. No man. You're a new man. You're a new man. You're a new man. You're a new man. You're a new man. You know who I am? You know who I am? And then don't think it up now. I'll be a blood man. All right. But I expect a Britain apology. I might touch my dad. I'm a boon man. I'll be a boon man. I'll take you through. I have two boon. I'll get you through. I'll get you through. I'll get you through. I'll get you through. Lord, I'll see you now. Thanks. Well, Mr. David. And then one and two. Jack, Jack ordered. How can it help you? Well, you see more than two. I keep getting raped. Two. He's a vanishing. Call who kids you and ride away. Thanks a lot. Some time. Some pun. And now drop your pack. I said drop your pack. This is odd. Spoon. Favors don't come to you. No. No. No. Let's rate more. Hurry. You'll be charred. That's how we've asked the time away. In the geo jail. Oh. I'll stick with the play down the whole. That's power. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. You may find honey cold, honey cold. Always smoke cold. I've found honey cold. Well. You can laugh. I don't wanna laugh. No. Why am I surrounded by neurons? Come on. How is? Don't you cold me,awi. Quite enough it's for good relationship from you. Hello. Oh, so better. You's kind of a mess. You who are you? I'm the king of power, Rhetice! Ha ha ha ha ha ha! I came down here after losing my child, about to be a big fish. In a little pond, you're... When they kicked me off the asphyan they told me don't come back again. I had some problems with wise guys who would wise diamonds to tower at nice who are you? Yeah. Fire! That's back near Lake O'Looie 9. I came up with what you're a fire. And I hope that kids does what dyes. I hope we die. I hope you're all die. I'm a big fish in a little pond to see you. A big fish in a little pond. Is that a pretty old city of Japan? I'm a big fish in a little pond. A big fish in a little pond. A big fish in a little pond. Yeah! Why don't everybody into it? Well now come down. I don't want to play the extra stuff. That's the extra stuff at the end of that bit. And it always sits on a CD. You don't have to buy most bets in order to get that extra stuff. Here's a great cartoon. Somebody just sent me. There is the Tinman and the Schercro, but it's cheney and bush. And over cheney, as it says it, if only I had a heart in bush is saying, if only I had a brain. Ha ha ha! Beautiful. Thank you very much. It's lovely thing. Lovely thing. Let me say it again if they were showing all the powerful images for the bag that hospitals Maybe that might have a little bit of an impression if you want those weak-nete emotional people That's gonna will out your reasoning about what's been going on last for a long time three weeks plus To be tempered by this these very limited scenes that they're showing today then you must be really pretty simple. It's all can tell you You must be a perfect creature for television and you wait till we get that Iraqi TV and radio on man. Just wait How much about him? Are they got the goddamn our wrestling boss show on? Speaking of that if you're working for real jackass if you make in like peanuts if you have Don't have two nickels to rub together. There is a way to get you into a real career and start getting a big big paycheck pay date of our clients Call one eight six six fast train get started a brand new high-paying computer job And let me tell you again computer professionals are a higher demand that ever be full No excuse not to get started now get out of your dead end job call fast train tool free one 866 fast train no forget it just four short months You can have all the training you beating and get started making some real cash on your dead end job once and for all Fast trains got convenient dating weekend classes So they can fit into your schedule and about to be nearby you because they have locations all over town Fast trains in Miami Kendall Pembroke Pies and for a lot of the register at fast train.com We see your free American flag bumper sticker pick up that phone and call fast train today for a real career and a real income change your life call one 866 fast train Oh We're supposed to be in five six You a Is a butt ass melon What a hell of my always good rate the mind man. You have a nice dark mouth. I sure But I never get raped of my brother When it don't raise men, and it's too bad There is such a thing as an attractive man, you know, no What are you? No, you're crum? When he is some kind of fairy Why don't you go beyond other monkey for the organ grind that down the hall? I'm not a queen But do you know about being queer and you're more on it? I've been right to nothing on a different Sorry, no, dad Now see here we're supposed to be talking about sports here not about good looking men just men in general and not nels This is sports radio over here. We love men But it gets to see have a bird. I just the other night I saw this commercial on overnight TV When his guy was growing out at the ocean sea On this island filled with scrippers that are brought that they look okay But this guy in the commercial I would say you didn't object to sort of way He was pretty cute You laugh and did I give you clearance to laugh with this for a skit to wait Mo Yeah, and the guy was growing on the island you're doing it with cute. Yeah, that's right Are you asked me to be a threat? I actually asked and you're still my funny You want to get fight again. Oh that guy there had pinchable Joe What's all got him funny? You're walking granders once You know Maybe I am in love with that mango much in speak. He certainly does make a very normal My nose all like a re-unraid ball Hmm Wanting who quiet most of interest that we are can have some press that shoot about me But I keep but anybody know how much I want to invent it is Did I hit on your own nuts? You're off Hey, I can't move. Look at the bulging your pants, no If I move the wrong way out Hey everybody, Mom has this pants The the the doya crumb Don't wait, Mom Welcome back to the superfluous kind of linguist sub the Mo how did they make it open? Well, we got the three corners of power rotation for your perusy Mo But it's better not be about hokey We got special guests today No one's allowed in here. Let's take a break food for their king Gigi gigi gigi To a sack already for them Oh What a hell it is, mother moots That's the recon sons, you know Try home with us today Sorry Never heard of you, but well, I wonder why what do you do you got an act? Yeah, yeah exactly like what we spend the wheel Wherever the wheel stops we grab meat off of it. We slam it and you name it what's funny about that Well, you got a point there. Why can't you just ask me a question you're ready to put your head into toilet bowl You're too fast funny, huh? Well, I got news for you pal you folks think Sorry for the precipice getting fire that the right now well, oh, bummer get out of my place of business No, that all right, toughen I give you one more chance to show me which you got I don't this isn't really funny because I got a really full bladder All right these were things that probably adults would know They're like old saying's and I want you to fill in the blank. You know how to do that? Here we go the bigger they are the harder they get Did you Did I get climate's clearance to give you clearance the left out there you left me I suppose you went or right me now Yeah, start looking that would be wild. Yeah, all right I don't even kid Hey, go be home my green piece. Okay What are you looking at? Frickle face family and you guys got a condo that's condo, what up? Yeah, I do I mean I don't such does I and I might as well one is I didn't push today. Okay. Now you say spin your meet Rick and said Spin your meat Rick and let's do it Oh, I was shooting My I 560 WQAM presents the OPM Anthony show with Mo Howard David. This is OPM. And I'm Anthony. You're waiting for me to be with the low voice. Oh. Yeah, you got the affected voice. Okay, yeah. I Anthony. Yeah, I hope you and let's not forget our old pal Mo Howard David. Yeah, I was wondering how long would take for you to punch the gut around to me. I really hit the big time. I am with the OPM Anthony. Hey Mo. Take off your pants. Yeah, we're going to rape you now. You've got to be kidding me. This is a fairly show. Ah, wrong. This is the gop on Anthony show. The command. Strat, put your guys only did that in touch. Yeah. Hey. Get your hands out of there. Get out of there. Got a fence of me. That's like no, that's my delicate. I don't touch my delicate. I'm tender. Hmm. What if somebody want to rape me? Like us? We think it's funny. That's why. Yeah. You got a nice back. Oh, I got news for you, pal. I'm still spraying. Oh, I ought to mobilize you. Oh. Oh. I got a stand-stight open. Oh, I want the red ball. I'm not per this. All right, my open white for chunky. Let's see if I can give a nail a jelly. Okay. Open white for chunky. That's that's my can Anthony. Okay. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Use your lips. Okay. Not to sit up. I should not take. Ready for some smithy below. Yeah. You're not to pass the meaner. Yeah. I really saw it. Let's obey she got an iron. I'm gonna pour the milk. Yeah. Get that. Not done. Ah. Ah. Okay. Take that away, bro. See you later. Thanks. Okay. What? You just gotta leave me here. It will be right back. Ah. Unfined. Go, go, go, go. Go, go, go, go. Go, go, go, go. Go, go, go. Go, go, go, go. Did you relax, just t8lp? Of the sour creama 98. Half hot. Take smoke go around. And I think theses, d***h, d***h. You don't have to put a from. Know I am a great anhyrmer<|el|>. I'm a fool. Not that I mind it but I'm way too old. I bet the size about fear and death. It attrists with feet learned my man friend in the day. I'll just make up with jitters of day. And then ask him to rape my bun. Oh there you're no longer again. Though I would not feel the most old. And I would not be ashamed. About a ginger and more gay union. Just pull in and stroke in a way. Boy, make me your not my type. Yes, sounds like a nine year old kid. Aaaaah! Only a much old milky. That makes me flip my wig. If ginger was a lover of mine. I'd bury my bull this fainey nose. Inside is a blie-rearing. Though I would not be a sport home. Oh! If I was not a closet of faith. That's why a ginger and more gay union would make me feel dizzy and gay. Everybody follow my thousand balls. Yeah, ginger and more gay union. That would make my sorrow fully as can be. If we had ginger and more gay union. Then he wouldn't have to get me raped, did it? Welcome back to the Equiparing Fagantry of the Mohawan in A bit of Shown. We have a full ducket today. That! Include the gavled gave about to kill it at the late interviews. You know that type's muck is still at it. What? What? What singing to the songs? They can punish me. They make fun of me all the time. I don't know why they don't adore me. Yeah, they have everything of the old raid mode. It can't end off me, a fairy. You queer? Yeah, tomb, chumper. Real men don't touch. Only during the game. Yes, master. They once singin' me. I'll give them singing. Get on a piano. Oh, man! Okay, ma'l. Now, hit it. Back in my day men were straight. Did it? The end day is with two days. That's why I can't tolerate it. Please, God's will days. For it all were in payback day. I'll take it from here. What's the matter, Mo? I'm waiting for her if I get it. Okay. All right, where were we? Poor and hose were in day after. Oh, I'll take it from here. The guys that like the worship men... But think we won't sing all in your way, They're not in my game. Didn't mean to soothbrush day to this. Or to ticko hairy taint. Jesus Christ, I really hate. Jesus Christ, let's die. Goalbee. Goalbee. Talkin' on a sports show. Try to do the macho. Your voice sounds just like a sad and hear-over. A little sports show. What else are you there for, Goalbee? Goalbee. Talkin' like a baby. Who needs a little training? Like hands you understand. You don't sound like a man. We both are rubber bands. That choke. Your stroke clumped. Healthy. Healthy. Healthy. Healthy. Your lucky management don't care. Because gelly, you don't belong there on the hand. And gelly. The sports can't wait till your voice cracks. Because anyone who sounds like that should find another job. And they should only shake you back when both your babies drop. Healthy. Healthy. When you're gone, grow up. You think I want to grow up? You feel a squeaky boo. Go to broadcasting school. You're free, you can't sit boys. Thank you. Sound like a punch. Your heart. Your heart. Your heart. Your heart. Cross-finish six, five, sixty, W.K.M. Happy Wednesday, TWS. Fighting continues in parts of Baghdad. That's like right around Burger King, I guess. Why aren't I getting, you know, they want to offer. How many times you heard about an opportunity? Didn't act. You didn't grab it and you missed out. Right now is one of those times. Grab it. Reach for it. Really doesn't opportunity interrupt you. But this one really ought to. Interference rates have gone down even lower than they were before. Financial group was offering you an interest rate. A 3.45 percent. Then they lowered it to 2.95 percent. Now rates have gone even lower. 2.45 percent financing with financial group. Let me say it again. 2.45 percent. Confianential group toll free. 1.894.0. Lend. How long would these interest rates last? Probably not very long. It's a window of opportunity. So jump right through it. But financial group will get you an incredible low rate. I've just 2.45 percent. Save thousands and thousands of dollars. Confianential group today. 1.894.0. Lend. What will 2.45 percent financing do to those monthly payments? You probably be wondering. Here's the answer. A $200,000 loan cost only $786. bucks a month. A $100,000 loan you pay just $393. Do it now. Confianential group toll free. 1.894.0. Lend. 1.894.0. Lend. Equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply. And rates are something to change without notice. 5.34 APR. 1.894. 1.894. This is for 20.5. 6.9. You weigh in. Oh, R.O.N. And so we got you at another installment of this spectacular level. How are the David in his show? I got you. J.F. Lend. I got you. J.F. Lend. I got another very special guest coming up tomorrow. That will be J.F. Lend. What are you doing, Mouth? What are you doing? Mouth! I'm clipped in my nose here. What's it to you? You just can't do a more than showing cut your nose here. Think really I'm gonna do about it. It's my show. I don't do what I want. Just like I was telling that stream and tank they called the Reign. That's not nice. Ready, I've made that nice. You see the size of that product? Talk about jumpable. Somebody ought to pay yes and no one arise. I don't know if she know about promotions anyway, ha? The only thing she's good for is keeping that farmer's happy. Why else can you do it and tie your hand? Oh, she's back in and out. Yeah, I can smell the brinsnatch of a burglie. You have to go on the air and save those nasty things about me? I'm there to come into my place of business. Don't you know we live? Like I'll go with it. I've had enough. You're a pop-a-sold dead right here. Peace, wearing fossilized, meta-musical, film-motherless. I'll see here, Fathau. You're fired. Hey, you bastards. Come here, me. Oh, I'm gonna fuck sit on your feet. Don't put on his face. Take one of Clash-o! Put between my buns. I'm getting out of here. Get me. Get your butt up for the shirt. And I'll take. You'll take me to the room. Oh. You'll take me to the room. Oh, you'll take me to the room. Yeah, I'm gonna make a more color than that, too. So you can have but the pipe under it on the bat. No. No. What's that gone? That's the sewing you're looking for. Oh. Oh. Ah, welcome back to the Malafu, with you, Mr. Mohamed Ademitra. To your ass. Yeah. I got my great, great band of the daughter, listening to the eight. So let's keep things of a born and a sea. Not like that goddamn fact-a-toned tangerine. Okay. Look at that. Wait, wait. What the fuck? I'm gonna call ya moron. No, shut up. Well, I think this is where you're important call. Hello. Hi, Marge. It's supposed to say, WQA, I'm a son right now. Yeah, yeah. What are you want? It isn't true. You bet against Miami. I don't know what you're talking about. You bet against Miami. Yeah, I didn't bet against Miami. Bet against Miami. You got some noise. Pow, whistin' it in Miami and take a reddicky knee. Bet against Miami. How dare you? I didn't bet against nobody. I bet against nobody. I bet against Miami. By the way, something. Did you bet against Miami? Bet against Miami. No, I can't feel what an asshole. I bet that guy in asshole. Who? That guy there. Why don't you say he's an asshole? I can't say why he's like that. Why not? That's not nice. Well, you. Some guy in the pussy. No, I just. Did you say you got that dancing again? I'm not dancing. Yeah, I got it dance for you. Yeah, but here are you Benghi's stomp? No. Well, I'm down on the floor and I'll show you. Okay. It's comfortable. Yeah. You see the bottom of my shoe? Yeah. Damn. Damn. That's where you think it's thump. Damn. Damn. Damn. Damn. Damn. Damn. We got uh, not watching coming up. Oh boy. That's where we're going to find out. I'm a great value. Is this actually my hope? Oh yeah. Hey, hold this. Okay. Now uh, we got the auction. These items are for a very, very good good cause. But a sky. What's that mean? It means stupid. If they don't give up the guilt, we take it anyway, see? Oh, like reach for the sky. Your money or your way. What's a matter of mow? I'm thinking. That just a joke mow. A joke, huh? Yeah, I got it, joke for you. Now that's funny. Now uh, what do we got so often off this day? Why not auction off your pee bear? See, that's not a bad idea. I need to know when anyway. Yeah. Please. But please let me tell my minions in paradise. I'm about to launch on the list of a Glades Hotel in its magnificent spa. That's where my close place in a man friend, J. Fiddler, and I go quite often. He not like too many in his spa. Line there naked with just a dowel. Steady moisture, areaoighten your balls. J's soft hands. Get the caressing my butt on. Nothing. Didn't grasp in him. Drawing the closer. Just get very, very molyous. Wait, mommy. You want professionals? I'll dare you interrupt the spa. Would you stress me again? I'll give you a splash. Yeah! You've been splashing me. With your very discreet. I want to see you. You want to see me. To build the dead in my pants clean. And that it's not like fucks in the sketch. I'll tell you, got a brand new bed. I don't know, don't know, don't know. That makes me feel good. It's different. Like it all the cockas should. And then then. It feels nice. Like when I dump the hot wax in my eyes. This old wood here is saying. So I've got to get a brand new bed. Yeah! We can splash me. It's thanks. Yeah! Go! I don't know. I don't know. Gee, thanks for being nice to me today, Mo. Don't mention it, Goldie. You're not going to get great to get today, I am Mo. Yeah, you know why. Why is that Mo? Because rates not funny. But I ain't going to be a mean man, no more. If they think that's funny, get spine binding. Wow! You really changed your way. If I get about it. I turn over all no figuratively. You have a nice daily empowerment ice-micardly friend. Hey, Mo! Look out for that truck! Yeah! I got a guy with a cap of gold. Mo look like a shapeless pilot. Go! Go! Go! To show my respect. I stole his shoe. I wasn't even pulled before that mess. I didn't. Who's to my shoes? I don't want to say I'm flat. Outside of the gym and ask the old schmucky wasn't bad. It's a Mahaya. Oh, how are they that standing with the down? Oh, how are they that's blood is wigs left behind? Oh, how are they that's blood is wigs left behind? Oh, how are they that's blood is wigs left behind? Twenty-two-two-one at five-six. You got the mad dog from the master's from Malgusta from out in the woods somewhere. Wanna clock three o'clock. You got the ankle. Virtual in studio. Six thirty. Marlins on a trek. Marlins host the Met 705. Any interest. No. Any care for the game from G.A.J. and Marco. We're going to show you how much. Oh, look at that George past the Marlins. We got a battle going on here. Theoronches.com. We asked today. Which of these sends you diving to the dialogue. Change the station's fastest. George's voice. 112. Marlins baseball. 108. Religion. 93. Mohour. Divid. 76. Golf. 57. Race. Track. 5. YELL. These boys. 28. Hockey. 12. War. Talk about. What's going on? It's still stuck there on the lead. Thank you. Something we can thank him for. Don't ever stick your head in the door again by the way. I noticed Carlos just got the schedules for next week. His name is not on there. Would that the schedule in that pot you had? Yes. Doesn't have more Howard on there. 21. 11. At 5. 60. W. Ha ha ha. You're right. Wow. I wonder what that means. Uh-oh. Wow. Now I pick the bad day to quit sniff and gloat. Anyway, speaking of a sniffin' it. If you want to lose some weight if you're quite a, a tear to be in a big fat tub like so many of us have been for years. Like my good friend Julio and genie ring. Lost 25 pounds like the beast who used to be good friend of ours. Good little Brian London used to be a friend of ours till he started doing it with Donna Shalila. Concording that is they're concerning. Anyway, he's lost 60 pounds and balance for life even through the same thing. It's to delicious the easy way to lose the weight because number one, they supply all the food for it to keep your full. And number two, you don't have to count any calories or carbohydrates or figure out any, or combo looted formula. And number three, there are no dangerous pills or drugs to take. They bring you a little black sack every morning by 6 an a.m. Right to wherever you want to your house. To your work to your neighbors where we're going to be. And in your little black sack is all the food you need for the entire day. You just choose between two alternatives for each meal of a day to try and a program. That's the only tough choice you'll have to make. In your sack, three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, all fresh and delicious goodies. Chicken dishes and beef and egg dishes, all kinds of great stuff. And the weight is poor as off your body. Simple as can be. And like I said, plenty of food in there to keep you full all day long. You won't have to worry about shopping and about snacking in between because they give you lots and lots of good stuff to eat. So lose the weight now once and for all state of hell alive and look a lot better too. Call balance for life because it really works called 9.5.4. 5.6.8.32.29. 9.5.4.5.6.8.32.29. Or check them out at www.WickedWorldwideWeb if you like at balanceforlife.com. 5.5.5. Your sports video 5.60. You a- Chamberlain rate me. Look at about it. That's what I say. How's that for a funny show idea? If I may borrow a phrase from the great-modi allen. Hello, Darren. Everybody in Paradise Land. I'm Howard DeBavit. I hope you'll join me teach in every Friday for my book. But get about it, Joel. That's when I opened the phone lines to all three of my regular low-income coales. And let them vent to on what bother in depth. I was up all night dreaming this one up. At first I thought I'd go in with hand puppets like a sandy becker. Or maybe a hole to a vocal quiz for quick. But management and I agree this will be a real showstopper. Now I run a family type show here. So I don't want no references to sticks, jigger bows or faggages, gussles. Other than that, I promise you a hilarious decay. For me a high jean's and open conversation for get about it Friday. That goes for listening to, 560, WQAM. That's bad. I wanted a grateful that you would see me today. Get me, my most valued friend. For what reason do you bother me today? I want a sanction as it unmo. Take care of what is he bound to deserve such a fate. These are me men. A very mean man. You're the one to be marble-eye. You're the same master, but I will have to take care of it. Thank you, godfather dad. What a joy. What a joy. A little joy is for it. A little joy is for it. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Wait, wait, wait. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Wait, wait, wait. What a joy. Okay, both of them. Time for some sets of me, scene, cramps. What a jacket. Yeah, but you thought I would take it, didn't you? Not a tremendous. And I'm not talking. My time to get a wiser. I'm a bit late. I'm not mulled. I'm a skillet into the amboca brine. Oh, the brine. I must have got compilits that you're getting neck. It looks like a knife. Yeah, that does doesn't it. So, where's mull? We know that's guilty, put a contract out on him. So he's siding out at school, goodness. Skooling, huh? Yeah, and he's using clearance for a human shield. I know that going. Come on, let's go. I gotta dab this up for the cat. Oh, okay. To the love bum. I punch God as full would you be like another kithic coffee? Yes. Very well. You know, Prince, what do you say we blow this pot stand for a little sport hose, spoon you to the do? Oh, I'm really sure to get in backwards. Oh, don't say it, my dear. I guess sports. It's a good match. Oh, it's a good match. Go on. I don't know one. Oh, sports. No women. Just a man. Hey. Hey. You might have a little bit of that. Haha. I got hit. Then jigs up all the hirks. Now what about? I didn't assure we can save jigs. Take off the pink kick and tear. Hey everybody. Oh, this makes me. Oh, my god. Look at this. I'm like, just, just, just do the fucking fun, though. Go. Why you little a say, what are you doing outwagon five and jigs? Well, my wife likes it so much. I always dress like this now. She, the vocal. You like it. He embedded in me. Sports. Whoa. The door. The door. How long do you need to go? What? The door? The door? The door? And I'll tell somewhere in the house in the bay. It's the Michaels. You shut up, stupid dude. You shut up, stupid dude. You shut up, stupid dude. You shut up, stupid dude. You shut up, stupid dude. You shut up, stupid dude. You shut up, stupid dude. Hey, remember what you with those nylon, on Joe's name? No, no, no. Oh, yeah, sure. It was at the park, Jaredon. No, no, no, no. What about it? No, no, no. That was quite a trick. We had that night. Yeah. Yeah. So, that was paradise. But the Howard David is still on 560, WQAM. Oh, well, come back to another finance tool, man. The mallifoo is just more Howard and David is sure. We can take your emails now. So, I could get a special, kind of computer. So, click the ammo, click the. Yeah, shut up, mouth, I'm computing over here. Wow. You're gonna load the light, figure this thing out. You know, none of this would have been the stuff. If they didn't wedge me in between two non-spots, these two shows. And what's wrong with this piece of crap? They got a coil over here, mate. Yeah, what? Oh, why can't you access your email? I don't know, I can't click this. I click that. Oh, why isn't it coming to me to show you guys how to perform this? I'm gonna come to you. I think that way. Yeah, I'm free. Damn, you don't know how my life is falling apart. I said, hey, follow me. But I said wedge, I didn't mean the sandwich. Wow. So, she went to do what she did with the Pikes mocha. Bop! Look, look, we got an email. Whoa, you suck, bro. Bring back a recon sub-a-d-z. Who's recon sub-d-z? And there we are. There, only those guys. I'm all anybody needs. Wait, wait. There's another one. This one says a, mo-blows. Eh, bring back a recon sub-a-d-z. Damn it. What happened? It crashed, mo. And my dad didn't make work yet faster. So, for example, she's stopper stopper. So, she did. I heard you having computer grease. So, I thought- I thought you were a thilkin, aren't you? She... I don't need your help, God. I need your pumpkin. Okay, dude. You know what, I mean, to help you with the computer. Guess that means I got a rapier. If that chance of punk-like you. Mom, dude. Come on, Mike. Private, start! Dude, you got a bonus. Oh, boy. I want to hold this late, girl. Okay. Dude. Yo, yo, yo. Here, go to rate move. Ah, ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. Yeah. What? I hear you get some great emails. 1251 at 560WQM. They're celebrating in Dearborn, Michigan, baby. The Arab community, they're dancing in the streets. They're waving to flag, they're jumping around. They're going to look at us kids with the drums in Baghdad, huh? Look at that. These little tiny, selective slices of life. It's a beautiful thing, man. Let's play the national anthem and wave it proudly. Okay, and flag too. Now, tell you something. If your carpets look like they need intensive care, like they're really in bad shape. Don't spend a lot of money because you're wasting it by a new carpeting cost you fortune. Do the smart thing. Make one easy call to my good piezons at dry concepts. And you'll thank me for turning you on to them. If you haven't called them yet, what can you be waiting for? I've been using it in my house and talking about these people on the air for over 20 long, amazing years. And they're still doing it right. They still are best people in the world at making old, nasty looking carpeting or even recent carpeting that's schmoocy. Look just like brand new. When it get done, your carpets look like I said, look brand new. They smell lemony first. They're granted couple hours. And you'll be amazed at how great they look. They also do it to penish job, a cleanier drapes. Expensive area rugs, all your good stuff. And those are annual flying carpets too for your next trip to Baghdad. If you have problems with pet orders, mill the motors, caused by water damage, they'll make those go away too. And don't forget, when you call dry concepts, you don't have to worry about any scams because they don't play that game. No rip off, no room crap. They give you a written guaranteed price before they start doing. They're amazing job of dry cleaning those carpeting and void aid to a super job. Call them tool free from anywhere. You'll never think about calling anybody else again. 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or log under website. Give more information at dryconcepts.com. Don't forget, when you do business with dry concepts, you claim today, you can entertain tonight. Oh, my God! And look, this is 4-0-5-6-0. You're a new alien. You're a new alien. Did you see all the readings? But the last book of the book. Yeah, I know it's more exciting. You're a good option of it, yes. What's the fact? What are you going to wake up on the phone? No phone, no phone, no phone, no phone. You'll wake up when you're back. You'll wake up when you're awake. Oh, no more. I got enough. I got to think about it on top. I'm getting right there. And I don't need a rating that I might as well say. Don't get it. I want to do it. I'm just going to get out of the white little heart. I'm going to get you more. I'll roll shit. Got to go. There's a lot of fat producers, you know. That's right. What's the fact? That's the one you won't wake up on the phone. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. What's the fact? That's not what you won't wake up on the phone. No, no, no. No, no. Oh, brother, all that blood I don't understand. You can eat from a drop while you're in both hands. That's it. That's what you made a rating small. You just like Clinton, it's all your fault. I'm going to straighten your fat ass out. Well, we'll take the food out of you mouth. That's right. That's it. That's it. You won't wake up on the phone. No, no, no, no, no, no. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. What we say? Come back, Jack. Or you won't wake the phone. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. What you're back, Jack. Or you won't wake the phone. No, no, no, no. Who are you? No. Yes, you got a job. No. And I want one time and you're afraid of me. Come here, back. The Middle Eastern world will be exploding To dominate people, kill with the gas that we sold him. First time a crescer nation and the only one that's going. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going. Forget about Korea. The news they're told you never were right. Queen is drilling it over and over into our head. Daddy, rock, ass off. That's it. So pass the structure. Three thousand people killed. Aren't out for God. Let's exploit him instead. Hades oil to be causes. Going after Saddam too. Plank Kato Sama. There's no longer mention of the name it lotted, But no it seems concerned of a fee and complacent Believe in every word of this part, Tell it, ministration. That control this by fear through me, The American, the nation and the right. Queen is drilling it over and over into our heads. That I wrecked as a weapons of justice structure. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now, not the ash property. I have nothing to hide. Table talkers all are saying that blind obedient Kato don't have any reservations. Now the proof of Battle and World and I, Oleg, overdue must fall and have a virgin and stoth with no objection at all. Till the crap don't have the fall and the right. Queen is drilling it over and over into our parade. I wrecked as a weapon of justice structure. For the only I wrecked as a weapon of justice structure. Bye bye bye. Send your watch your show on 5602. I am for Marihail. I want to bang you in the butt honey. I'm just better than sex.