Tom vacation again Fills in at the four we got Marlins on deck by the way. Oh, and I forgot to talk to for all about that damn it Don't let me forget on Thursday to bust his balls. Okay. Okay, man. Which I like scratch by the way. I'm gonna get pardon? Joe Rose Mad dog is a scratch and Joe Rose is gonna have to fill in. Oh, my god. I don't understand that place. Does anybody ever work when they're supposed to? We're kind of schedule as everybody they're on Huh summer time Yeah, seriously you think that everybody's getting like a busman's holiday there most on vacation again tomorrow here I am slave it over hot mic today got no sleep. I feel like a death boil over But I show up like the trooper that I am a couple a couple of days a week It's only two months in the fact it's less than too much nice going norm you jackass Now what was I just saying before you interrupted something very important to Marlin yeah, no about about For all I got a bus this balls on Thursday because You know all this Marlin hype and the fact of the matter is there's seven what is it seven or eight games over now? Beener boy. I think they're eight I thought of a private but it could be a bottom line is there only one game away from the wild card now the fillies are falling like a rock and Arizona course is the other team that they had to beat out and they beat them last night and they get 10,000 people there at PPP Park who watched the Red Hot Marlin You know, it's it's just the same old crap. It's never gonna change nobody freaking cares All but it rained yesterday afternoon that a rain during a game. Oh no I mean you talk about lame excuses man talk about a front running phony town and they can't even do that I know we can but they're given away crap Then they have their 20 25,000 18,000 people and then during the week nights. It's the same old garbage again 10,000 people That's of course that is tripled mosaudian That's the root of nevertheless and you know something. It's not that far off I hope that Joe Costello's not a way kid cuz we like Joe a lot okay. He's one of the people in the building We like very much, but But those numbers man on the overnight show Get the telescope baby. You can't find him. You can't find him. I'm sure it's party. Can you believe it? I believe it. Now what do you think the reason is for that cuz overnight when you're the only live local show? Have and I said this before yes When you the only oh there's my retired I WQAM Hello It's not him Not called earlier a lie lie lie oh Hadning no that was no that's not him. He doesn't call him line 9. So you don't even know your chronic smister Oh, that was a different one you better start learning your chronic smister cuz you sure don't know We're gonna put your ass over there with a goddamn bridge tender pretty soon Line 9 is that's farce your guy to call sir be daylight cam and facts is right one day He's Chris one day. He's slimy one day. He's most he put but that's that guy now this guy might be the retired guy WQAM Yes, sir. Can you play the forlp That's the other asshole So anyway, can you play the forlp plays good play the George tape go play with yourself Jackass So what was I just about to do before that I was I'm disappointed we haven't heard from the retired guy yet In fact, you know something maybe this guy is the retired guy for all you know good pert right right right could be Okay, so forget about those numbers. Here's the a poll for today. Oh, not another poll It sure might be a little bit and of course in honor of the stone be up here tomorrow The greatest rock performer or performers I put the is in parentheses there so no it could be one person or group The greatest rock performers of all time and I got like four which are obvious, okay, and then after that and we're I'm saying performers not necessarily the greatest music right see what I'm saying No, I understand and in an effort to go along with that. I have a suggestion. Okay, well, let me do the first four before you start muscling in Before you get a little bit overbearing is the retired guy on yet I don't think that's it. Oh, here's a call from Davey. Hello That's yeah, huh? It was me the the other guy. Well, let's see. We had so far the Peket played a forwell tapes please that asshole the tape guy and we got this time Well, we don't have the retired guy yet. Maybe did know I was gonna be on today the greatest rock performers of all time Elvis the stones obviously The Beatles or Steve Tyler Yeah, I could have put aerosmith, but who knows from aerosmith, right? I don't know everybody No, but I'm talking about performance against you. You're missing the perm now ever smith everybody knows aerosmith Okay, okay, okay, you just don't like those lips. What are you talking about? Big fan of Stevie Oh, you're not okay like his daughter. No, I'll Yeah, I have the house for his daughter. We can give a crap about him now. There's my first four now. Who are you gonna add? I change it to aerosmith by the way since you said performer Yeah, I'm kiss kiss. Okay. Oh, you're not kiss. They put a we just did a holiday and express last night No, let's see who was I also gonna say on that way Newton, please No, see that's the reason I put rock performer because I know that some old fossil will call it that's an aftercrap You know the one I'm talking about he put on a go and every word that he said way. What are you saying? I saw on we spoke to so oh God Man, I think we had to do screenless today. Don't you live being a boy put those stories on there? Oh bless you No, seriously, I because I don't really care. I don't I'm in such a fog. Have you ever George you've ever done a show when you had like virtually no sleep at all? Yeah, yeah, and I I'm like having an out of body experience. I mean here right I'm here I have no idea how like that first show after I was sick when I was still actually kind of sick and it was like I was nothing un-knight will I had no idea what I was saying I'm as healthy as a horse, but I can't fucking like a lot of sleep I'm just I don't know I think maybe I'm just getting nervous about my big trip coming up, you know my big extended vacation coming up soon my 10 days or whatever it is By the way, I've got a nice vacation coming up out of the country out of this country, too You jackass you old fool you. So we got Elvis the stones the stones that is Beatles, Erosmith and kiss that's a good start You see I wouldn't put the beach boys on here because I think I thought footage of one of their kinds, but it was almost never that many way Brian was busy with his teddy bear and bed eating a we eating Cheos and he never got out of bed, so he almost never took with a group or least for a long time and then they had like all these fill-in people Closed the duty every her Mike loves sing live I saw footage that says close. Oh, I mean I'm sorry. I mean I love the beach boys don't give me wrong You know Marvin Gaye, but I love the beach boys, but They I'm saying it was weak. He was flat live. I was saying that call come on You know some of the notes were a little bit off Can I give a high-class? I don't know. Huh? Can I give us a distance go ahead and listen you've got nothing else to do I got your off the phones now? I thank you I've only seen them on TV But what it show what I'm not wait when maybe before you go on yeah, I'm not saying that any of us necessarily saw any of these people in Concert, but I'm just saying generally from what you've heard and what you you know Kidrock And he rock kid rock and beasty boys now wait a minute. That sounds like two to me Does that like two to you George? One two for a guy who got stuck by a cop again this morning whose lucky is helicopter's a big fan of the show Make in two suggestions on it seems to me to be a little bit over to line pushing over back. Why I don't say the beasty boys come on kid rock. Okay Okay But I bet you this is him. Here he is here's Miami. Hello retired Neil That's not it. What's wrong with you man? If there's one thing I can't stand is freaking one of these you know we got a retired whole group of retired wannabes now retired Neil That's a little bit like Dennis. WQAM Hi Neil Elton John is a sensational suggestion Yeah, he's just I mean when he did have huge type concerts So I'm counting them down, but Elton John Can't be in the station thanks. We don't have a good day Neil YouTube. Bye. Bye. How can we forget miss Elton, huh? Right, she puts out how you've seen someone his cometer TV Buck out fit. How can you put on a showman Alexa what you seldom mean seeing we're putting this up one now? Now we till I don't know whenever whenever we have like a tenor a dozen Okay, because you know we got to get enough on there so people have a choice 1026 it 560 on your out of body station WQM where we out at a man dog had a good book Hank He made a nice comeback had a really solid book. We had a ask-it-in book. We were number one But QAM had some problems in that spring waiting book. You didn't know where they were In the morning baby. Oh in the morning There has been a lot of morning going on the building is the room where I'm here. Haven't you heard it? Morning and be-mo need you can hear it and every room in the building a lot of mone and going on and no sex If you're on the atkins die at any low-carb sugar free diet You need to know that the lights a West book is a store where you get a lot of choices because this store isn't Apparently it's all you over 900 low-carb sugar free products and stuff so the lights a West book is introducing new ones every week Every month and right now is no exception Be sure and check out the new low-carb instant cup of soup all you do is add water and pop it in the old microwave It's a low-carb meal and a cup of four delicious flavors Check out the simply delicious low-carb muffins for a quick breakfast your own individual sized cheesecake The list goes on and on almost river. Can I say it right this time? No, Judy's low-carb peanut brittle with unbelievably great taste excellent job especially in a near-stupper Carb are right-rated to rate chocolate vanilla shakes low-carb meal and a can the at last brand chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars with no I Man Elon John has a man able to get out of the studio He's back there again with his there dropping like flies album a tribute to John Denver You'll hear that classic fine dying in a prop plane goodbye rocking out in Rome Hello, this is Elton John an elder in the studio to record other tribute rich That's right, but for goodbye FDR and a candle in the crumbling a tribute to Joseph Stalin. Oh John should be album their dropping life flies on sale now 131 at five 60 W Q AM Joe rose for the mad dog get the one at two o'clock mad dog have another But five six something these off this week right party now. What do you think Joe's gonna be talking about today hour for Boca? Here's the facts that says AC DC who will be here to our by the way for SARS stock AC DC has the best performance complete with a barrage of cannons guitars and a huge bell You've got to see him before you croaked you know this all the we're starting to move I think you started it with the old man crap You'll make this the old man and I'm gonna be honest as usual even when it hurts bad I will say today I can honestly say for the first time in my life today You might want to mark it on the calendar July 29. I feel like an old man Okay, I really do I feel of course it's because I haven't any sleep, but I feel like I feel like an old man That'll do it not not sleeping. Oh my god. I feel like a at least 90, you know Maybe a hundred I feel like I'm able to summarize lakes. Oh God So we're at AC DC you got it got it got it on head boy. Also Miguel wanted us to put Billy Joel on I see the concert it is a great cult. Oh listen I don't start in defensive. I mean I didn't nearly puped my guts out when you said that but I'm got a written down right here AC DC this be good list the the question is The greatest rock performer or performers that's with or on S it could be an individual like Billy Joel or could be like a group of all time I don't want to influence the audience in any way shape or form say Yeah Oh, I think we had to put her under don't you for fun? Okay, let's put Celia Cruz on here Give her right up the dip Hey, and you know we want to apologize for all the cost of comments we made about Celia Cruz doing or and about Bob Hope No, see I hate Bob Hope Then or live he was first of all real right-wing asshole mr. Republican number two mr. Golf So both of those are big turnoff for me thirdly. He never said a funny thing in his life Ever I mean even said your cruise one said Which I thought was kind of music that's not as funny as that other track it stuck in my head I mentioned what are they track one of the ones that you fire off it starts. I think it's a Time if that is an Man, no seriously. Oh the real poster That's a man. Is that I need that was a guy in drag it was And who the whole issue to be calling anybody negative I Big your pardon are you start with a darky shit I didn't say I didn't say I did not I don't I did not did you dump that yeah No, I didn't say it. I didn't say this hit it. Oh, I did not I purposely Stop right on the line between you and the tea. I can't believe you dump me. That's your tongue to your night Yeah, you don't work all the lights touch my tongue to mr. Believe me. I don't want to know lately a lot But I heard it. Maybe that's why I'm so tired and averted it Seriously, I mean you dumped that yeah, I dumped it. I wanted time jick it after I know the column But he of course is out of touch. I can't it was a great line though Mark that you are knocking city accrue. Yeah, I was And you see how my psychic powers come into play because we got nobody on hold who could hear that because I'm doing scream I met the my madness boys of your old about present Say yeah That's what I saw See I know the same mighty Kona in there somewhere I think you see it over and over again the talking what is that thing that you keep playing at the I heard I was lucky enough to your twice And I do never listen like maybe for a minute at the time here in there What's that mighty cone thing you were that come from? I don't know what you're talking about That what do you mean you don't know what I'm talking about? There will be all that espioniel thing you play that song Oh, oh, that's Boca Brian's son That's Boca Brian Jr. That's the Mexican love song What do you mean Boca Brian's son? Boca Brian has a son in case you didn't know and he's a He's a amateur guitar player. Are you are you serious? Are you sure? He lives in a and his Ted Kazinsky shack and on top of a mountain in North Georgia But he has electricity. He plays the electric guitar and he aspires to be a a comedy funny song kind of guy just like daddy And that's one of his early attempts. He needs to always a great fit. How do you mind on having the next because it's it's even it was an afterthought He gave it to me like on a on a coaster disk not even on a regular Boca Brian disk you better have that thing up here This wake Boca Brian that I want to play Boch Bos next week or next. I'll check might be really small Kicha to mother he's not even saying any of the words right, but it's still his shit to mother. Hey, what does that mean? I'm I'll facts it to you. Is it mean you like your mama? Yeah, no, I don't I don't want to know what it means. You're you you're you're you're you're you're all the same You're a rock performer of all time Alice Cooper Somebody's got it down. Yeah, we got it down. Here's Carlos says Is that color or Carlo? It's Carlo again. Remember, Colo? Yeah, what's he doing? Oh, wait, both the who especially when Keith Moon was alive I would say was the most exciting live act. I've ever seen on TV mind your only 27 thanks, Carlo We got you down. I agree. You got you to said that saw them in concert. It was great. Who yes? Don't forget stones here tomorrow SARS gate a star stop whatever. I Didn't know farming I'm sure Is that I need that game? I mean I'm No Yeah, I never own concert right here today, baby. There's no time one kind of words You better be very alert listening closely because when I mean coherent like this is when I'm really the best and I Blurred out a lot of work. I got dumped already. It said even love our clock in a morning I can't believe you did that because I listen I slammed down a lake I was so I was so proud of myself and you never let the audience hear my beautiful work there if you Let me tell you I said Yeah, yeah The tape yeah Well, I during the break I want you to listen to it. All right, go back you're being paranoid about those drops I took out of the 360 that was clear as a bell baby. No, it was not shown. I was sitting I had not a question of paranoid. It's just where tooannously potty mouth stuff you put on her It passed a it's pass a when I would the high button shoes. I'm telling you, but you know I don't want to break my press that I never tell you what to do and you know and look at the great results Stewart woman proposes trust god license plate. This is so freaking American so this the pressing Stewart a 40 six year old woman wants the legislature to approve a trust god license plate with a profits use for Christian purposes. Oh Trust god Suzanne Hilton aboard again Christian who attends morning side church in 14 loosely Said money collected from the sale of the plates we go to Christian radio stations and charities to her non-profit organization The god connection how about if we get some money for the connection The plate if approved with self for 25 bucks nutrition the cost of vehicle registration I thought the license plate would be a wonderful way to raise on going funds from For more media for God Hilton said we're besieged with so much negative media We nice to get a positive message out Hilton of Stewart need driver license data from 15,000 photo mode with two to one a buy the plate before the petition You go to legislature she soliciting drivers by word of mouth and through her website But the ACL uses a state license plate is not the appropriate venue for real good Wouldn't have to go to what if we got a Neil god license plate? Yeah, yeah What we have to do we have that one over here on the back of the computer remember, but I mean like a real one sure Sounds very self-aggrandizing to me start the campaign It's in March if federal appeals Coral to against several pro choice groups who contended as Florida's choose life license plate was Unconstitutional that plate approved the 1990 to generate more than a million bucks from sales Which of course that may be in bucks and buy a lot of guns to blow up abortion clinics and kill abortion doctors, right? There he go 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line the greatest rock performers of all time Q a They give up because I'm taken too long here W to Q a m Yeah, she won't be anybody left cuz it adds automatic a drop off thing W Q a m When you stop at a negro stuff, he's the one next time he says that being a barwatch It is dump him okay if I can get done people get a big dump too But it's different doesn't a compliment I know that it's like sports okay Far it's like a most for example They know what he was really sports it just means black person's sports in English and in German means black That's all, but that's the way you say it. I see well how about dumb old loose back. How's that sound? What is what's wrong with him? Where do we start? What is wrong with him? He said the fact that are you lucky that cop that See this morning he's driving in his little a baby blue. He's little a blue. What is it a Honda? Yeah, yeah, and he's got his light. He didn't have the screws not only have a screws loosen his head, but also on his license tag So it gets his new tag. He can't find a screw. So he puts the tag on the inside the back window Which ordinarily would be okay, but he's got dark tinted windows and you can't the cano see it Right and some cops stop cement luckily for you. We have to be a big gigantic fan In wall probably a fact. Oh, I was in wall greens my car was parked outside I come outside to find a cop blocking me in yeah, yeah To get you. He says are you be here boy? Oh, yeah, yeah, that's the only thing that saved your little grotesque ass 10 41 at five 60 WQM on a very incoherent Tuesday and George wants to apologize profusely for my incoherent behaviors But yeah, oh, don't you? Yeah, I'm serious. I don't know what's going on here Every week over half the customers at dialometres are repeat referral customers. They know that 1 800 Maafers is about the best brands and this compresses every day without any the hassles of showroom shopping and They know what real customer services all about because dialometres direct numeral on overall satisfaction You notice I said numeral Uno 1 800 Maafers says delivery down to a science you picked delivery date and time to fit your schedule You get it to our windows. You're not sitting home wasting a day of your life and dialometres delivers when you want evenings weekends and holidays. It's easy to see why once people try our friends at dialometres They wouldn't dream of going back to assure him again Miguel recently called 1 800 maafers and before you know it he impregnated his lovely wife to be and got the real treatment They were right on time set it up took out the old bed for free the works and for you high and shoppers out there dialometres got a full selection of the finest beds available anywhere in the universe like the silly crown jewel The sort of perfect night Simmons world class in King Coil Perfect contour dialometres also has tempered at the famous Swedish Fomacreses so wait another minute do the smart thing like I always do call my good pyzons at 1 800 macros right now 1 800 ma ttr Yes, the easy the intelligent way to get you a great night sleep for years to come or check them on a web at Macros.com My Crackettle records presents the coming out of who great peep township. It's the out of the closet collections Me coming German See I Medm organize Oh yeah, feel all of me Let me It's me Crab at a record It's possessed these previously unreleased bass Catch these singing songs The way they were meant to be The rough boy in slits skirts Beatouts of the in my box set And sit down on the outlaw I've had these noble balls Bein' fall down bright Men always make the call Baiting of the like it And then it's back from the star My name is me, the town And I saw a play of the ancient Oh, I wonder right now And you'll get a CD bonus track Of beats singing that Helled ready classic I am woman These are domestic parties up there 1047 at 560 WM happy Tuesday to you So this is the poll that we're going to have like 6,000 selections on it You can just, I thought it would be a tougherness You know, it can be a lot of choices Yeah The greatest rock performer of all time We got, and we can put it up there Now, fat Eric, we can put it up Figure it and get it up No comment Oh, boy, you really ripped him and asked you at the day I just happened to come in here right at the right moment Asked me, or he knows I just always pick my spots I pick my seat like the mole I just don't show anybody And you were just ripping poor fat Eric up there and asked Yeah, what did you say about him again? Call them a fat loaf You've heard of me Yeah, fat loaf Right, I can see that maybe you can be on our poll someday The best rock performer in Orlando, fat loaf Anyway, let's get this up there Because a lot of us want to hold on here We got so many good choices already, Eric, fat Eric Get away to put down the meat loaf and let's go Elvis, the stones By the way, if you're a big stone stand You're already got all of their hits Right, got every album Oh, this double CD set Are you making derogatory comments about the stone? Absolutely not, I love the stone But 40 licks is just I mean it's got about 30 men 40 and they're all, each lot of them is like They're all three, oh, not the life performer Put it right down Put it here, put it up So it could be the stones or it could be Is that 80, that's okay, what do I mean And I don't see her name on her yet I don't see porcelas, fat enough that you were so disrespectful on the ear The other day after she croaked old your roller push But I mean to come on Let's have a little respect for Silja Okay, and all our Hispanic listeners out there all three of them Oh, many bell by the way, if you give us that breakdown That should be interesting since he's so desperate to give us some stuff that fat boy And illegally give us yesterday And don't call me anymore fat boy you tub God stop calling me But it would be nice to see the ethic breakdown in this book Wouldn't we always get that from Eddie Bell? Sure, see if we have any Julios out there any niggas? Jimmy Hendrix for the pulse is Greg North Miami an excellent choice when you say sure In fact, I feel like I'm in a purple he's right now All I need is a big cloud of smoke There you go And up here that certainly could be a range Let's see Johnny says Number one kiss the alive tour for example Number two, now here's interesting David Lee Roth during the original Van Halen They saw them at the Miami Highlight front time kick ass as Johnny So we should say that here is Johnny we should say Van Halen Yeah, oh, yeah, David Lee Roth. Oh, that David Lee Roth No, just say Van Halen. No, no, what we're talking about All right, what's wrong with you man? Are you some kind of a communist Van Halen with semi-hayer? Didn't really count for not counting that good part They'll know what we're talking about, okay? Van Halen If you want to just ban Halen quit quit complicating See I'm trying to make this simple we got a lot of simple people out there and you're trying to make it complicated All I can say to you is Is that I need that guy to make a mean? Oh Okay, so let's get the we got already got kiss Let's get Van Halen on there now. Here's we got a whole bunch for Bruce Springsteen Get him on right away. Oh, I hate him like poison See this isn't my this isn't my taste. I'll go through whom I like In fact, I'm gonna cast my vote right now, okay? Okay, and it's not for arrow smith as much as I love him Don't surprise you tonight. Yeah, you did. Huh? The greatest rock performers of all time now I just want to make sure that there are other votes that came up on here because otherwise it'll make it to obvious Who'd you vote for Elvis? No, I did not vote for Elvis. I voted for Wayne Newton myself. I voted for Is that I didn't? No, she was I was tough. It was between her and I guess we don't got time to wait for the whole thing between her and She She wouldn't pick one of stars out with the vocal. It's a lot quicker. So I voted for the stones you voted for Kiss kiss. Why was there that pause there because we're having a conversation about Queen about a queen. Oh, we got to get Queen on there Freddy and Mercury, huh? Let's get Queen on there How could you leave our queen? Odyssey got him on. That's not even one that's Gary Glitter. I know it's Gary Glitter, but he's busy looking at Kitty poor now. We've got a lot. So we got Bruce Springsteen on there. Here's a very interesting facts that says George had an interesting see there. It is again interesting conversation with the caller. They conclusion to yesterday's show. Well, it's about time. The caller was talking about the courtroom see Michael Croyona as sure. I hope he brought the KY. Well, they are attending, you know, the use of olive oil. The caller that's right. He used to know his file of any olive oil business. The caller's opinion was that Frankie didn't testify because he didn't want to embarrass the potentially name as being a rat and the presence of his brother. All I can see to that is George's opinion as well as mine and just about everybody else for the brain was that Frankie climbed up because he didn't want his brother whacked. No, no kidding. This makes the most sense because of Inchensos spoke knowing glazed, no speaking in glaze. In fact, the first thing he said when he got off the plane was And had no idea what the legal is going on. So how could he embarrass George and he did not know what the call was opinion was valid. What do you think? What? I said he had a valid point, but I still I still know by my original. He did not know. He said, oh, I said to wish you was she a little wimp. He did not have a valid point. He was an idiot. I disagree. That is agree with you guys. You know what? We don't give a flying crap. How do you like that? And you know what I say? They cracked there. I almost said something else. I almost said it's big. No, say it's also a lot. I'll let it go this time. Okay, for all time saying no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no you can't answer me. Come on, don'tioso me, keep me calm, don't ͜ʖ� for your pool. Okay. I thought the best tour was Bob Dylan and the band in 1974. Don't you agree? Well, you know, I said Bob Dylan right here. Some of his music anyway, but I've seen. I don't mind his music as long as he's not singing that. Good point. Well, he doesn't say anybody out there who including him who believes that Bob Dylan can sing. Oh, no. He can't sing. He winds. He just makes gutter will noises. That's what he does. Okay. Look at his the pull is up. It's about time Eric. Pull is up. The greatest rock performer or performers of all time. Stones for kiss for Beatles three Pink Floyd three Elvis two ACDC Uno. And why I need one of my reading of votes for this is just a smattering. They just started. Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 W Q AM. Yes, sir. Hey. Call of. Speak to me. Hey, man. Call the blue meal. Yeah. I'm sorry. No, I didn't know it. Don't be sorry. It's okay. Hey, man. You got to put a Led Zeppelin on there. Led Zeppelin. How could we forget? Okay. And the old. It's all we could to hear you. It is. Good. Good. Good. He heard. Have a great life. Go. Get on here. Good. Sockin' around. Led Zeppelin got it. Got it. Let's place there what heaven 10 times will be on here. Or we could just play. Is that 80? Is that 80? Is that 80? You see you got me stir on it. I got all the other great cuts on there the book and put on that this, but that one is. Is that 80? Oh, I can't. I'm heard that before. That is Cecil Cruz. There's it wasn't that real. Yeah. Was Cecil Cruz. So he's to play left field for the Red Sox. I've said. We saw the diesel. Yes. He's the diesel. Oh, that's. That was George Rodriguez just said that. I'd be real careful next time. Beater boy starts that event. Yeah. Or tries to 10 56 and 5 60. WQM where we'll full of something at George dump before before the show. He's nothing. Then I said it. Well, it's just the way. It goes. Okay. Nobody's around. Everybody's gone. You know, hurricane season speaking to that is upon you before storm hits you put the shutters up to connect the windows indoors of your home. But what about the roof of your house? The so-called paint factory makes roof. Master gets a roof cutting that can help your hurricane proof your roof. So may as roof magic is saved hundreds of roof during hurricane Andrew. Well, unprotected roofs were peeding off and just flying down the old Hershey highway. So may also has waterproof coatings for every kind of roof ever made. So called a so-made paint factory at 305 633 63 33 the so-made paint factory is the oldest quality paint waterproof coating manufacturer in Florida. So may will save you money because they eliminate the middle man markups. They sell to everyone wholesale prices. There are 60% lower than what you'd pay for national brands and retail stores. So protect your home and property from soft orders, tough travel climbing with the best paints and water recordings at unbeatable prices. Called the so-made paint factory at 305 633 63 33 and Tom at ancient Neal to the call or find a minor web at so-made SOMAY so at so-made.com you save a ton of cash when you're by direct from these so-made paint factory like I said be sure and tell that be in your boy to the call. Fridge paper piss me out. Axel rose can put out two albums at once. Roof spring steen can release two at a time but only one artist can top that. Now releasing four albums all at once it's Bob Dylan. Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo. Yes only Bob Dylan can put out 90 completely new songs at once because no one gets ever these songs are any good. Woo, woo, woo, woo. What's he singing about? Who knows? Some say the lyrics are about love and rejection. I'll just say they're peach 52 of the New York Telephone directory. But they're all yours on four albums. The White Album Another album, the third album and album number three revisited it. 90 great songs? Who knows? But by all four and they're just 59 cents a pound and look for four more Dylan albums next month. Other state of mind man. He's the Rascal House of Music. We're almost thinking about it. 11.02 at 5.60 WQM 59 votes on the poll pretty weak. That anyone want to know why because a lot of them are still waiting for their group. Right. Anyway, uh, erosmith one Billy Joel one Alice Cooper one. Look at that Cecil cruises got a pair. A big pair. Elvis for Elton John five pink Floyd six. We're going from the bottom up of course. The who we have in seven Beatles eight kiss nine and a stone 14. I'm not sure for the stone. And what would you say Peter Pinnon ever still in the record of all time? What's up my phone? Oh yeah, I'm locked in my hand. I was thinking what? Okay, uh, greatest rock performers of all time. What's in the definitive stone song is either. Is you do that? It's only run in roll or satisfaction. Okay. No argument. I mean under my thumb is great. Don't get me wrong. I love it. I think satisfaction though probably. I love what's under my thumb most of the time. Greatest rock and roll performers of all time. Radiohead Rush Pearl Jam. Rush will be in the concert tomorrow. By the way, in the wrong. It bounds view park. You're going to be there? Oh yeah. Well my way. Right after the park. Listen, I'm going to be 430,000 people there up north of the city. It doesn't get to the former military base. It's an old, it's an old ancient thing up there. And thank God, wait for me. Am I going to be there? No. Here's what it says. The best and concert that tubes. If you'd seen them you agree. You've seen the tubes? Yeah, they're up my hands. Oh, sorry. I thought they were up most... Uh, back to what I thought. Fattoes tubes? Oh. Yeah, I've seen footage of the tubes. Never saw it. Never been to a tubes concert. Yeah. And they have lots of naked nudity. A lot of lots of naked nudity. Oh, right. Right. My favorite kind. That's the best kind. Pink Floyd's is somebody. Oh my God, it's enough to send me over to wall. Get pink Floyd on there right away. Found it. Oh, let's see. Who is that guy singing line about? Come in. Come in, and I know that you keep playing. It sounds like Cheet Merin is that an old Cheetchen tribe is a matter of fact. Is that an elite that's a little bow? It's Cheetchen. It's Cheetchen. Oh, I wish they stopped doing it. The niggas. Uh, no, they get all the sense that it's not an elite. It was dark and plucking the tubes. It's a good very upset. Oh. Here's what it says. It's another Bruce Springsteen thing. But it's worth reading. This is a chronic fact. So my suggestion for today's poll is Bruce Springsteen in the East Red Band. He's been selling out concerts forever. It has been playing in giant stadium. The summer 10 shows sold out a New Jersey alone. You said you can't stand them. And you know what? Absolutely correct. But I think he's the best. There's certainly no Luis Miguel. Well, we put Luis under, but he's not a rock music. Performed by the years. He can sing with his eyes closed blindfolded and doing his best. Marcel Marso and first nation to please Moe. He's still better in Bruce Springsteen any day. And you to go with that. Oh yeah. Bruce Springsteen. He doesn't hate like Bob Dylan. Wine the song. In Frankson after it talked the song. Bruce Springsteen just shouts it. All he does is scream. He's a screamer. You know? Is this voicimer? Groter. Somebody says, Jay Giles van. We want to put that on or sure. Why not? Put them all on there. Whatever you like, man, that's what we hear for it. Please you and it kills some time. 66 votes on there. Mary or Lemue would be proud. 66 votes. The stone 16, the Beatles nine. Kiss nine. The who seven Pink Floyd six. Did we already have Pink Floyd on there? Yeah, we already had it on there. Oh, where did that come from? Eric, Eric had said that that was a good suggestion. I said, yeah. That's a good idea. That's way for some of the women. What's your manipulating the pool behind my back? I have no patience for people. The manipulate pools behind my back. Anyway, help you on it. Elton John five Elvis four. Cecil Cruz three. Billy Joel two AC these two and I'll just get this thing. Well, how about aerosmith only? One vote for aerosmith. That's criminal. Is that 80? That can you? What come in? I agree. That is pathetic. Five, 60, palm five, 60 on the AT&T over. If you tune in late, Mo had numbers in the morning that were so abysmal, so embarrassing, so humiliating that you couldn't find him with a search party and the Montpellain Martellis scope. Not a close door meetings and a lot of morning and growing and nationality. But he's got him by the short hairs. That's all we know, right? Right. So wait, it's nice gone, Greg. Here's that dangerous line nine. WQIM. Jimmy, that's him. Yep. What do you mean? Yep. No, just. When I picked it up, I knew it was him. Plus we already got Jimmy Henderson there. And so we don't want to talk to you. Go away, Chuck, or Chris, or Cecilia, whatever your name is today. Go to hell away. Yeah, get out of here. WQIM. Yeah. Yes, sir. Hey. Hey. You got some great teams on there. This week. Hi. How about the monkeys? That will blow these away. The only guy can hold a canvas guy. And it's one of these mice, hold over 30 million albums. Way newton. What are the winnings? I've heard a lot about my organization. Who? After the four decades, on this, did Annrodruder Whitaker? Yeah. The most city man, man himself, Mr. And I do me, Mr. James Brown. Ted Nugin. Ted Nugin, oh my god, how'd he pressing? I'm going to put it in the greatest guitar showman in the history of the world. Okay. We got a mango, mango, mango, mango, mango, mango, mango, mango, mango, mango. Yeah, I think he's working on his mango. Can he do it in a mango and his pants? That guy. Oh, he's just holding it. I don't think so. Ted Nugin is on the pole. See, I told you there's going to be about a whole bunch of names on his pole. God, third man. Not more than that. You're ready for a humongous number on your Eric. He can handle it. See now we're starting to get now to get into it. Now they're starting to look catch on. 83 votes still pretty lame. Does anybody down there? Where? Here in town. Nope. Stones 20 beetles 11, kiss 11 to who 10, pink Floyd seven and look at that. Cecil Cruz is moving up with Sace. I love it. Is that 80? I can't make no move. WDQIM. I can't. WDQIM. Hello, yes sir. How about the Eagles? How about the Eagles and excellent tourists? Welcome to the hotel California. Amen. I wish I was there right now. Thanks a lot, pal. I take that. Have a great day. Good morning. How about the Eagles? How about the Eagles? How about the Eagles? How do we, uh, I can select this much time, boba. A lot of time. I don't know if we can. We can super band. Oh my god. So many. I mean, just every single piece of music was like, I'm asking you, like, for us. I said I'm putting the stones in. I voted for the stones and they're going to be here at Toronto tomorrow. For SARS-B8, SARS-B8, whatever it is. Scott. Oh, not another one of these stories about another child molesting man of the cloth. No, it's not necessary. Another, I was going to have some of that cloth around to soak up whatever spills. Boston, Spawn, New York, a former youth pastor with many sexually abused teenage boys from his church has been sentenced to nine years in state prison. Oh, hey. Fredrick C. Bar is that bear ass. Bars Junior, 32 of Scotland, New York City, New York City, New York, New York, Houston, the attempted first to re-sautomy of felony. Sir, it's over County District Attorney James Murphy, the turds had barbed bear ass will face an initial five years probation and must register as a sex offender. Bars, who was youth pastor with a new covenant Christian community church in Grinwich, 35 miles northeast of Elbody, all but it was arrested in September. He used to abusing a boy under 17. Yadiyada, yadiyada. He looked like that, just another isolated incident. Ravoli Ranson demanded for seven foot tall restaurant mascot in Venice, Massachusetts. How do you like that? The kidnapper of a seven foot high restaurant chef statue known as Fat Boy may have finally contacted its owner and the Ranson demand is more up to pack his waistline than his pocket. I've got your chef and I want 400 pounds of Gourke and Zola Ravoli and Unmarked bags, the alleged culprit said on a message, left in the entry machine at Spaghetti Eddie's on Sunday. Oh, the caller promised to phone back with details of the exchange. He said it in a really mafia-like voice owner and chef Robert Swanson told the Cape Cod Times, I don't know who it is. Swanson, a former comedian, doubts the call came from the real kidnappers. They're not going to want Ravoli for the chef. He said they're going to want money or they'll dump it. Have you do these stuff in Venice, Massachusetts? Have you ever been there? No, never heard of it. 560, 50560 on the AT&T, WQAM. Hello. QAM. Going once. WQAM. Hello. What about Steely Dan? What about Steely Dan? You get the radio for what? We're putting them on there right now just a year behest. Thanks, pal. What about Steely Dan? Are we out of gas or are we out of gas? Are we out of gas? Are we out of gas? I think we're out of gas. We are out of gas. We, uh, stay, hey listen, if I don't like it, it's got nothing to do with it. If you want it, man, we'll stick it on here and we'll see if it flies. That's the way these things work. I already cast my vote. I don't want to see who I voted for. I don't want to see who I voted for. I don't want to give any hint. I don't want to give any hint. That would like that would skew the poll. You know what I mean? Right. We don't want to be skewed up on our poll. From at its after 11 at 560 on INCO, heroin Tuesday, August 29, happy birthday Scott for Ral, baby. It's just 38, 38 birthdays having his big bash tonight. Where's it going to be on a boat? A slow boat to China? Who's going to be there, Bodia? Mm-hmm. It's going to be a lot of people there, man. I heard him say he was going to get late. There's going to be racks and packages and packages and racks and packages of racks. That's what he said. And I rack. And he said that the mole, he said that mole ought to just go in a hiding is what he said. I couldn't believe him. I said that about his good post personal buddy. And what he said about his wife, which we wouldn't even repeat on his show. No. That is something good that you can put in your mouth. And that's all you man. I take him every day. I pop him right in my little post. All you might soft-shell's contain the finest, the purest olive oil you've ever heard of in your life. Not just ordinary olive oil, but super concentrated and loaded with health benefits for you. All you made in your post city, they can up-produce the risk of heart disease, high cholesterol, and all kinds of nasty ailments. Plus there are 14 different oleoment formulas you can choose from each one combining. The finest and purest olive oil with vitamins, minerals, and herbs. The sports specific parts of your health from your bones, your blood pressure, your immune system. You just pick out the formulas that are right for you. And the three latest oleoment formulas is one to help you sleep all for too late now, I guess. Weight management and cell-tutin for your heart. Pick up some oleoment today while you're doing your shopping. It's all over time. More and more people are freaking it up at publics. Echryd's Walgreens Whole Food Markets, Devils and Sedanas, are ordered online at oliomedamerica.com. If you want more info on their products, call them toolfree at 1-866 oleoment. That's 1-866, 6-536-633 for better health. You can't hurt, start popping some oleoment in your push today. Meas, I think nuggets show me the big nuggets show me the big nuggets. Pickles on your songs specifically on you and please my extra value meal. My extra value meal. There's a secret sauce. Shut up secret sauce. Shut up, just shut up. You had me in having meal. You had me in having meal. You had me in having meal. You had the boss today. Oh, what a thought. It's a... Oh, god. Gagmy with a prune man. 11-18-560 WCM here's a great fact. It says the Cecil's drop has me laughing so hard. I'm crying. I hope we're at 99 times it says. Is that 80? The best. Anything to piss off humorless Cubans, the exiles and then it says in big letters with exclamation points. No soy exilo. Well, that's congratulations. Yeah. No soy exilo. Let's all say together. No soy exilo. How about being a boy? No soy exilo. It's an 80's. It's like a minang. George, no soy exilo. It's an 80's. Well, that's because you came out of banana boat before we asked. It will be an ex and an exile. What does that mean? An exile. What does that mean? You kind of like run away. Remember that band? Let's put them on the list. Sounds good to me. Damn immigrants. Are you starting me again? Did that cop put the fear of God in you this morning? Yeah. He was like, he was like, he was like, well, then he because he likes this show. The good cops love this show. Okay. The bad cops, the real asshole cops, they hate me. They hate George. They hate everybody. Especially in the higher. Are you picking the higher leg and my good, my good, close personal body Moses is going to get your ass man. You start picking the higher. You'll have daddy on you in faster than you can say. You're going to have a lot of sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. You're going to have sex. I've trouble voting for the based on vintage black and white Ed Sullivan show clips. Is the poll about who we think was best or who we saw that was best. But who you think was best. The George think think think. Remember, you're going to read your Frank when think. What was that thing that's for real was doing yesterday? I heard a little bit of that about the what was he calling the songs. He was plenty played. I said a little prayer by the on war Rick. What's what's bad about that song. Do you hear that? I didn't hear it now. I know. What was that all about? Well, it was your better and given way. It's more than tickets. Anyway, it says the best you ever saw on stage. Live was Alice Cooper. I log on and vote for him. Well, thank you, listen to George. It says we just got back from Europe. Did anybody drive a car through a don't on a sir while we were away. It's a matter of fact a whole bunch. And we had another one of those episodes that the fruit market out there in LA. Do you see that one? Mm-hmm. Farmer's market. Oh, they drawn. The best all-time rock performer is tool. Says Ben and Miami. Tool. We got it. I like tool. So I pray. Facha and Dallas was a huge fan in a real chronic. I'm sure he put the his vote down there from out of state yesterday. Elsewhere in the US. He says as far as the poll goes, kiss does not belong on their George. That's what he says. I know. Keep reading though. I'm just kind of down now. Don't think of me instructions. If there's one thing I can't stand. 147 votes on a poll before we finish a botchow. Stone's 30. The greatest rock performers of all time. Stone's 30. Beatles 17. Not even close now. You know, maybe I've been. You can't even begin to imagine. Exeminer. And of course the tickets are 21 bucks Canadian 16 USA. That's a bargain. Now, bargain. Can you imagine go to see the Rolling Stones plus the Russian AC DC and the Guess who it just can think of. All these other groups that are going to be here. And the rumors are that McCartney may show up. Yeah. Yeah. Seasle. Or wouldn't have to be something if Seasle showed up. Is it a great idea that you're going to be coming in? Is it a great idea that you're going to be coming in? Is it a good idea that you're going to be coming in? Oh man, if that isn't a man, I'm going to tell you right now. I'll look most sack. Anyway. Well, there's an image I'm going to have to have. Yeah. Let's get that one on our website right away. Neal. Let's it. Stone 30 Beatles 21. Who's 16 Pink Floyd 14. Kist 13. Cecil Cruz 9. The way of it. Elton John 8. Bruce Greestine 8. And the Led Zeppelin 8. Elvis only has seven. Now that's pretty amazing because Elvis. Well, I guess it's a generational thing. Because his big thing wasn't just his music, but just his jyrrating hips on his head. But all his ears in Vegas, including when he porked up to gigantic. Angus, I was like, bustling the buttons off those tight outfits he was wearing. Yeah. What was he when talking about? He wins. The sequence off those white outfits were like, poppin. All over the stage. Too many cheese pizzas and what was the other thing? And the Peter. Peter. And then an answer. Anyway, the facts from Bachua and Dallas and Peter reminded me about that. Says the police belong. And listen, I'd love to be. Now, be your boys, not too fine of them unless they're nice ones. Police are on the list. They're still saying that's the greatest song of all time. Every breath you take. And you would say, so commercial. Not as much as the first 500 times I heard it. No, no, no, no, no. See, that's not the barometer is wouldn't you hear it too many times, you know? I mean, there are a lot of times that were played way too much. It's just fine. I love the police. I have the greatest hits in my car and see that song. I was saying a lot of songs were played too much. Like that. Yeah, but if you take it on the face of it, that one still sucks. What about the white stripes? Kaka. Okay. It says they make read. You already read the facts. He had that he had that arm he had it cocked and ready to go. What? They make really good rock music. There reminds me of something rock school that aged the 70s. That's how back to appease the Musclair. We're in D.G. in a morning that you put Pad Buna on list. Oh, sure. Speaking of old. How about Fenton. Fenton. Great performer Chuck Perry. Sure. Both of them. I think both of them will ought to be a fast dollar. I love the Fentman. That Chuck. Walk into New Orleans with the the Fentman and Chuck Berry. They're great rock performers. Neil, this is probably the last facts I'll send you were moving up north to South Dakota. Just try to get closer and closer to Canada. Try to get that out of this fundamentalist country. Thanks for all the entertainment for the past 15 years. Well, I mean, I don't know what that means. Because he's moving to South Dakota. Does anyone have the internet? Right. How's he looking now? Maybe they don't allow it up there. You think maybe Tom Dashville is afraid that some of that bush propaganda will seep in. That somebody might read about an culture or man or misfudge. Some of that stuff. Here's a mother of four in Campbell who says, I love your show only. Listen, when you're on, well, thank you so much. You have excellent taste, obviously. She hates you, George. I am. On your pool question today. How about Led Zeppelin got them? All men brothers? What do you say? Okay. Never thought of a performance by then. But all men brothers are good. And it makes me think of Ramlin Man in the X's as I love that scene. Hmm. I've started to have doubts, father. That's such a great scene, you know. That's what it's all about. Yeah, why you do this to me, Dini. And the moody blues. Moody blues certainly ought to be her now. I never saw them perform no. I have. I mean on TV. I know. And just fine. What are they like about? They were a blue. How about John Moody who drives it in Hazel Park and North Philadelphia? Let's see. What about all? Thank you so much. My close personal friend, man, who reminds me how could I leave them out REM? A little spastic, Michael. Steak, but nevertheless. What is he? Huh? Yeah. He's gay. We know that. But now gay and not everybody who's gay is quite that spastic. Okay. Pretty mercury was gay, but he wasn't quite that. Not quite. No. And he certainly isn't anymore. 26 past 11 at 5, 60 WQM. By now you've been hearing about how Laman is the russes. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. That's quite a good point. Get myself ready. You got me ready. By the way. Here we go. Hi, I'mashed. M clapping.ättest. Oo straightforward. I did reaching. Oh Indian! Scary Why you can throw. drama South, couldn't get to play. No man except for practice. So what? Alright, and I'm going for aол hat. Interesting. Okay, fois do I anchor to it. sonst all? If you can. Beatles 26 George. Yeah, and look at who's third. Cecil Cruz. The who's 17 Pink Floyd 15 kissed 13 and spread to that our good buddy, Yabbachow and Dallas. Led Zeppelin 13. Bruce Springsteen 12, Elvis 10, Elton John 8, Rush 8 and then Simeon 17. Small potatoes after that. A lot of long way to go. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT. Look at the newspapers today. Cheering fans, great. The stones. I love this song. 13 Airlines, like 24 ADC, Rich Egrity, Patricia Brownwood and Charlie Watts tucked down a lot of these years. They're important. 7, 15 last night. Stones arrived from Europe in a private 7. The prepare for the big touches of our in-front. That's a mid-time. Wouldn't be the first time. Sure. When you stick it out that far, it's like an invitation. You want me to do it. And the tongue too. OK, let's get a whole bunch more names on this pool here. Thank you, everybody. Happy. WQAM, hello. Like I said, the patient, the patient man is self-fulred, Iphone way. WQAM. The fund offers us the past. WQAM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Pretty show. Yes, sir. Show them the Jackson and James Brown. The Jackson 5. And James Brown. And James Brown. Were you wouldn't say like Michael Jackson and the video that I hope not? No, no, no, no. I'm self-fulred. I think they wrote that or what the brothers. OK, thanks. Thank you. Did he say, did he say the brothers? What he said? Is that 80? Is that 80? Is that 80? Is that 80? There's one of the brothers. He went all the way. He's the one. He's the one. You got me started that. Anybody wants to be pissed off? Be pissed off. And all the way still think he's it. It's a man number one number two scroller face. And number three, it's a drag queen. Wouldn't that be wouldn't it be scandalous? Oh, man. I mean, I do understand that certain ethnic groups in parts of North America, South, South America have difficulty with like gender identity things like that. There you go. I'm talking about gender diversity. Yeah. Brazil with a men or men and most of the women are and things like that as well. So we got the Jackson 5. I'd like the Jackson 5 their music. Can you answer? All those farmers for farmers? I don't know. Oh, no, they could dance. Huh? They could do the robot. Yeah, that's where Michael was still like almost black. And had a nose. Those were the days they'd go in. WQA, and hello. Hello. Yes, sir? Yeah, I'll go to the Jackson 4. OK. Has anybody mentioned they were going? No, they haven't. But you have now. OK. And you put it in? We sure will stick right in there. Thanks, pal. And I will cast a comment. Did you just make? I was approving of it. Oh, I've been to a David Boy concert. It was phenomenal. Oh, and look at this. Oh, somebody says Marvin Gaye. Yeah. Well, let's get it on there. Let's get it on. Offly would Mac. OK, let's put it on there. White stripes, you said, suck. I don't even know if it's right. Oh, it's a trotist. Who the hell are white stripes? I don't know. And there's a new rock band that they're pushing in our face. Now, as a group of people, no, and they're not. Oh, no. Frank Sappa, with his love as a veteran or his later band, and he'd Bush. But no, Frank. Kate, I love Kate. She had very large and elaborate and expensive. Get a large, a large, a large hit of big rack, too. Huge major production. I heard she had a big one pack as a two. Really? Go ahead. I'll check it out. But anyways, she doesn't perform anymore. I'll get her to her. Genu. She won't get three votes. You want a bet? She just because you said that. I love her dearly. I love her dearly. It'll be like the last Bush that ran a floor to won't get a B votes because this makes a whole bunch of funny ones up. Same thing. By the way, the presidents are freaking liar. I just thought I mentioned that because I don't want to get political today. I got vacation coming up and stuff. I don't want, you know. Plus, I had no sleep. I don't want to think about it. El Presidente and all the kids that are dying over there in a racker. We date every single day Americans are dying. Every day. Yeah, but it's not bad unless you mention it. I mean, you really want to die for a lie. That's the question. I like that big, gulfal page. Yeah, they had the New York Times on Sunday. Nice job being a boy. B.N. Boys been doing this spectacular job in between Jelsens's on our website. So, as I can stay away from the police. In between arrests. In fact, even got name when somebody mentioned the police before staying in a place, he got real nervous. Let's see. It's his sincere and candid that how about Russia? Can we put Russia on there? I thought we did. Well, we were supposed to. I read it off of there, but you know, Eric, ship beyond there. He's a Russian guy. He's got a line vote. Just calm down, boys and girls. It's already gotten nine votes. How about Metallica? What do you say? What do you say? Indeed. How about Motley Crew? Okay. What did their concert be amazing? How about Moby? For he's your depressing, isn't he? More than depressing, but he's a great performer. No. No, no, no. I would say. And Alex, who sometimes he sends a stuff that, you know, he tries very hard, but he's right on to it says, take kid rock off the police. This is going to be among the great artists you have on there. I would have to be, we'll leave it on to the pass if I be near boy, but kid rock. Oh, my. Oh, my god. Are we stupid? Oh, geez. I want to, I'm leaving. I'll blame it on my lack of sleep. Okay. Doors. How could we have left off the doors? Are you? You're old. I smoke a lot of drugs. Jerry and North Carolina. Please add your polls. The doors, my god. Talk about live performances. Jim Morrison and Miami. Yeah. Then it dealt with it right out, baby. Well, what was wrong with us? He stands out in the crowd. He sticks out in the crowd. Way out. But the rumor I hear is that he never actually did it. He's isolated that he was going to never really whip it up. It was a stump. He's still, yeah. It looked like a thumb. It was a digit. In my case, a little finger, but anyway. But mushroom. Not necessarily. That's what I heard that he never really did that. But that they based on the threat of it, and he was simulating masturbation on stage. And so they are busted his hands. That is correct. Shame on them. Nice going. The parkers. He always worked in ice porters that let the air boy go when he's driving 140 mile hours on in a school zone. And let's see what I'm highly up for. Why, that's right. I forgot about that. That's why you got that special bug up your ass. Because it was the highly of porters that got you and deep due to. That's again the Randy Malta, your friend at ticket defense team. You know, if it weren't for Randy Malta, we all be in jail. Yeah. Am I right? Right. But we all have like one point up the ass on a Richter scale. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six, six. Now see the doors are going to have like a big handicap because we just get them on their right away, please, Eric. I don't want to push you a play, but push, boss. But please, how freaking embarrassing is that. Exactly. I like the beginning. Is that 80, that game? I'm going to be doing that all day long. You can't, what's your start? You can't stop. Can't stop. Is that 80, that game? I'm going to close run this song, by the way. Who needs the stones when you can have a seed Rick Cruz? Ever so seed Rick's hard week? It's funny. That's what they said. He was a great actor by the seed Rick, right? That's before your time. I'm talking about the way I do. That's always with the days, baby. The 40s, the 50s, the 60s. Those are the days. And now what we got now, man, Drek. We got Drek. I've told you one thing we got. We got the beast. We're still keeping him right at it. Now I'm going to go back. I want to say before. I'm going to give him a shot. Because, you know, because for real, I made up all kinds of stories about him eating Tony Romas ribs and pig out and drink all these drinks. That was just bull crab. That don't be. It's one thing that joke with almost anything else. But when it comes to trying to keep a guy alive with a diet, don't be Dick and around with that. Okay, Scott. See, I don't really have that many. Dropins from where we don't. I'll take your children. I'll sell them to some patience. Okay. Anyway, if you're trying to lose weight, do what the beast is doing right now. Try balance for life because it's for very simple people. It's a no-brainer. There's no cooking involved. No shopping, no cleaning, no worries. No calorie counting, no carb counting, no nothing. All you do is you go to your door every morning by six o'clock at a.m. And you reach out there and pick up your little black sack. Everybody should have a little black sack. And in your sack is all the food you need for the entire day. Three delicious gourmet meals. Two delicious snacks are right in there. We're talking about. In fact, the beast tells us, remember he was talking about this the other day. That the food is good. Because it wasn't a past is better than ever. It is gourmet for sure delicious. And there's enough food in that sack to keep you full all day long. Soon after we're about cravings and cheating and all that other stuff which makes you fail. This is the only company by the way. Let's choose between two choices for each meal every day that's your on the program. It's the only choice you'll have to make is still out that menu once a week. And that's it. And they do all the cooking and working for you. So that balance for life. Lose that weight that you've been desperately trying to lose for years. If you're overweight, outer shape, lower-farget, diabetic or getting close to it. Let balance for life up your 16 where you failed in a past. Call him today and call this number 954-5683229. 954-5683229. Tell him we'll deal for you to call. You can start seeing results with in just a matter of days with balance for life. Or check him on at web if you like it. Balance for life.com. My life. And low. This is for 20566. You can weigh. Yeah. Be. But you heard all the words that you hear by the beat all the way about the beat all the way. Have you listed so many beat all two? Let me bet you're ready to do it. We'll hold those your lunch, because there's much more when you want to be all throughout. That's right. I will be no-somes, no demand, one complete volume. Sun by the reps stars, it's a day. Here I skew, do the classic. I want to hold your hand. I want to hold no. And slap your motherfuck. Hey. Bobby Brown and I see you, Cleo. Or L.Coolge, doing the unforgettable valid. Hey, Jude. Hey. You. Checked yo. They're all here on Beelgrap. Or today, believe I'm throwing Yoke on the own range of yesterday. Yeah. Call out. 1,100. Wrap the up. Right. Call out. 1,100. Wrap the up. Call it. Okay. One moment please. I'm trying to work on something you're trying to make up. I feel so bad about that door's omission. Yeah. It would be one thing if we're like some marginal group we left off. But it would be like if we left the Beatles off. Oh well. I mean, are we dumb? Or what? At least we admitted. What about Madonna? Okay. We'll put her on there. We don't have too many females on here. Do we have any females on this list? Well, she's not really a female. We're going to say seasonal crews. Is that 80? Is that 80? You said that? Whatever that is. We have any other drag queens on her. Let's give Madonna. She's had some of the best rock and roll shows. Every have no woman under pull. Absolutely. Correct. She's on her right now. Can you add guns and roses on the list? I'll lower in four. Let her go. Got it. Am I going too fast for you guys? No. What about earth wind and fire? In their hay did they could sell out any arena in the world. And that's on their immediate. Not sooner. Not that I could stand a man. Oh my god. Pull addition. Did you see this? What? What? The grateful dead. Oh yeah. Ha ha ha ha. A lot of work like that. I'm putting it. Listen. I'm putting on there. Oureka's. But somebody's put you on. How about little Richard somebody says? What was your feeling a lot of facts is on this? I'm trying to like make a men's here. Okay. Well, that one's not going to do because it's got that real. It's seven minutes long. How about this for now? This is also some of them. And I'm just a particular album cover. He's moving right out. If you know that it would be a true night. You know that I would be done by a. If I was to say to you. You can get much by. Is that a good idea? What do you mean? So there you go. The doors of Cecil Cruz are tough choices today. Life is full of tough choices. 567. 560. 560. Pound 560. How is Cecil doing? Cecil's moving in the third place. Do you see that? You have a little faith? Yeah. What? See you being as negative as you are. You would say that those are crank votes. Yeah. You're probably right. Stones 43. Beatles 35. Cecil, I mean, Cecil Cruz. Cecil Cruz 24. Vainty 5th row. And other than things change on me again. What happened? Oh, look at that. Cecil's up to 26. Vainty 6. Now, do you say that you're going to say, you don't say the yes. I mean, do you? Vainty 6. So you do say it. I'm kidding. I'm getting to my Italian again. I hate that because Italian and Spanish. There's so many words that are so similar. And I start to there must be. You know, like we have spanglish like when people. Right. Spanish English. You must be like something for like Spanish and Italian. You know what I mean? Because the country's aren't as far apart. And there must be people that like have hung out and have maybe like a little Italian in them. Sure. There must have been a time when the languages were almost identical since they started out the same. So there must be like some kind of hybrid. I don't know if there's a name for you. Anyway, Kisses got 20. Spreys the 19. The who 18. Led Z. And how could Bruce Braestine be? That's right. Forgotty. There's always long conscience. He's great. Can't stand. No, that's what everybody says. He's another. 17. 17. Elvis 15. Thank God the king is starting to move up a little bit. He's a little slow now. Kind of like I'mus. Jimmy Henry's 12. Rush 11. Elton John 10. Bob Dylan 9. And from there, it's really small taters. Trying to take. Oh, and you know what? There's no paper in my fast machine. The facts are being. One moment, please. Oh. Okay, Elpop. Alice in the. When I'm like, Machina. The paper's in the car. It lines up too. Okay. How do you like that? Oh, can I like this or what? A lot. Yeah, it's man. You know, I might actually have changed my vote. That would be banned on this. So let me start at this. I've been wanting to change my vote. Wouldn't that be like uncannadian for me to do that now that this big relief Consciousness coming here tomorrow on the stones are all this hoopla. Go do like uncanny anticannadian. But I do this. Can't stop the business. I'm a. I'm a. I'm a. I'm a. I'm a. I'm a. I'm a. I'm a. I'm a. Yeah. Is it. It's one of this told. Who told you that somebody? It's about oral sex. Yeah. So what's wrong with that? Ask your mom twice is nice. Oh, no, I'm not asking my mom for it. No, she's a. I didn't know that. Maybe you'd like to ask my mom. Keter teeth come out. Maybe Bill Tanner know something about remember that character on his show and my 100 mama. Think of. Remember that? And you know, I was thinking about that the other you. How long ago he was doing that? I mean, he's has been on the air. My me for a whole many years. But. Maybe 15 anyway. No, actually, I bet just more than 20. Yeah. I mean, maybe 15. And he was doing that stuff 20 years ago. Right. When that whole family, you know, I was with that. Holy, oh, crowd. He was a pill and two all young. Holders, but at mama, lot of pingas. Anyway, five six seven. Oh, five 60 pound five 60 on a AT and T in Verizon line. WQ. And my on hold. I hate you people. WQ. I am. Hi. How you doing? Pretty good. Good. I got a couple for you. Not stuff that I necessarily would watch. But, right. I can see a turner was a great show. Just absolutely correct. You're right. They would play in the record down in years ago. And then. Thanks. That was used to do concerts and highlight. And those were great concerts also. And then I had the misfortune of taking my daughter to a Madonna concert. And I hate Madonna. Yeah. But it was a unbelievable concert. I mean, that woman really put on a show. And then the last thing is, if you ever seen Tina Turner and C. C. Lea, who has in the same room together. Who's who? Isn't that you? That means it's a low. Hey man, same person man. Oh, yeah. All right. You know, fine. Have a great day. Here's a fact. This is Tory Amos. How about, uh, yeah. Andy. Tory Amos. Okay. Dark madam, canyons. Thank you, pardon. I don't know who that is. Am I supposed to know I'm a whole fart like Mams. Was no from Dark Madam Canyons. Never heard of her. T-Rex. Sure. And Jeh throw Dull. A tall. Should we put, uh, what? Want to put Tory Amos? Sure. You do? Good concert. She does, uh, she plays the piano and sings at the same time. A lot, you know, Billy Joel and all these other people. She plays the piano and sings at the same time. Which not all the bells. I can't believe it. And she totally do. Okay. And T-Rex and Jeh throw Dull. We're not putting Dark Madam Canyons on her. Let's, you know, send it to me. Let's do it. What? They didn't make it up. Okay. Good. Just because we're old and stuffy and out of it. I would just have played that. Uh, I'm trying to, what I really like big time. I like, well, I like them all. There's not one song that they did. I don't love. So I do love this. Don't you love it? I do. Everyone. We might have a poem, guys. Get the blood. It's very good more. Somebody help here too much. Like, divide. Even we survive in days and France was sharing with them. Fashion. Track, track, all two, two, the other. I don't know about you. Other passions viewers out there. But you're getting a little bit impatient with the story line. I wouldn't be nice. Finally, before she croaks with the baby down there in the pit. I mean, it's not bad enough that Julian and the, and what's your name? It's Tabith or in Hell. Or whatever. Or whatever Rebecca. And it's not bad enough that we can't get Ethan to find. We open at God damn door. He's dropping a keys in the soap. But good God Almighty. Somebody finds Sheridan down there and that pit before it's too late. You have no idea what I'm talking about. Nope. Good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. If you had any idea what fund you're missing out on. You just, uh, a little bit of it the other day. It's fun. It's fun. It's a panic. And they just tantalize you and tease you and, and drag you along. And a storyline never, the story lies never ever come to an end. It just goes on and on and on and they do it intentionally just to terrorize you. W to Q a and hello. Yeah, let's speak to Neil. Speaking. Um, how about Aussie Osbourne? How about him. There you go. You got it man. Okay. Thanks. How can we leave Aussie? We're, we're slipping. We just have, uh, we're done. We're done. I'll respect the Don was slipping. You know, I had my chance. If you'd come on here with a complete list then what would they do? The, the, they, they'd say, well, what about, no, no, you're right. No, I don't want to have a complete list. But I mean, some of the, obvious ones like the doors and Aussie Osbourne. Who, who, by the way, never did bite the head off the bat. That's it's bull crap. Did you read about that? No. Well, I'm not going to go in it. No, it was bull crap. He never really did that. I thought he did. Well, I thought if, if I, if I remember mistaken, I heard him telling the story and people were throwing. He didn't think it was going like feying stuff and sort of thing and somebody through a real one and he grabbed it before he knew it was real and hit it. Well, exactly. He bit into it, but it was like not, and it was not an intentional act like part of his show. Right. Right. Now the pigeon was on purpose, not during the show, but during that meeting. He ate Walter pigeon on stage. How about Frank in for Lauderdale? Who's going to have a great sense of humor says. How about the travel and will breweries? Oh my god Frank. You think Frank is serious? I added him. The traveling woman? Why are we seeing who else was in the traveling Willberies? Tom Petty, Bob Hallen, The woman's mining in that? One more George Harrison. George Harrison? He's not traveling no more, I'll tell you that. Well I look, put him on there just because he took the time to send us the facts. Okay, that's a kind of good mood. I mean now that I'm almost awake. Here you go. Here's a facts from Keith and Volkos. He says craft work. Put on the best show I've ever seen. They're number one choice for me. But since they're an electronic band from Germany, I'm probably willing personal vote form. Craft work. Good music by the way. Like there's fun. But listen, since 72 year-in-numan. The guy who's famous for his most awful song, Cars used to put on one hell of a show back in 80s. And it says, Tori Amis. We just got that. Peter Gabriel or Genesis with Peter always put on great shows. Well Peter Gabriel and Genesis says two separate ones. They can take you pick. How about speaking of Genesis? How about trippy little Phil Collins? Okay. Huh? Don't step on him now. No. He's Phil Collins a good lot of votes. This is outstanding man. What a great way to kill three hours and we got our big one to two hour count up. We got Joe Rose for the mad dog. Another one was $195 days he's got off. And of course Joe, we know he's going to have a very entertaining one to a two to four hour because he's going to be talking about our from Boca for two hours. Maybe he'll have him on as a guest. Let me ask you this. Did it ever dawn on Mo? No. That there must be some reason why everybody hates him. If that just means got this fascination with me. And maybe it's I guess it's your fault. My fault that everybody hates him. Well, we have nothing to do with it. That's it. But did it ever dawn on hand to start sitting there in moments of quiet to when they're changing his bags, sticking the tubes deep inside his. Right. One ring. Why is it that everybody hates me like poison? Because everyone else is an asshole. I see. So in other words, he's in step the rest of us. I'll just have a step. Okay. Okay. Now I have it. And I'm squeezing it. $11.56.56. You've got a few in a really dead end job like Mo. Maybe college is too expensive and takes too long. And he sure I have no four years to wait. If you can afford just 10 bucks a month and commit yourself three nights a week for four months, fast-trinking up your chief that new high pain computer degree you've been looking for and take on my nice big fat one and a paycheck too. That's right. 10 bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify. So, Colored today, what do you got to lose beside a crappy job? Call 1-866 Fast Train. And with four locations in town there's bound to be one nearby you. There are in Miami, Kendall, Pemper Pines and Fort Lauderdale. Colored day, you'll be talking with a train career counselor who really knows their stuff. Fast train offers day evening weekend schedules, job placement, hands on training too. Pick up the phone and call Fast Train tool free. 1-866 Fast Train. Fast trains is a firm payment is valid for your regular payments apply thereafter. So whether you're high school student on summer break sitting around the staring at the moon all day. Somebody underpaid that end job or just looking to increase your net worth call Fast Train. 2-3-1-866 Fast Train or check them out of the work at World Wide Web at FastTrain.com. And don't forget when you do call, be sure to tell them that Todd Dreck told you to call. Fast train. And look, this is Fort Real by 60. 2-3-1-866 Fast Train. And from out here you'll be on our Russian latemen. And I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap night from jewels. And listening to the new rocket from Mr. Hour. Say, I am from the moon. What if Bill Clinton didn't need get his own TV talk show? Why is it John? Why from chapocual if the Bill Clinton show? With special gifts, Yachter Fath. The new in character and farmer's sticker allows new gingrich. I'm your announcer, Al Gore. Now please welcome the Primflip Poon Sing from Master of Memory. Looking up crotch. Well man who knows the Tauri of Fleet Grit. Bill Clinton. Thank you. By your homage. By it was hotter than a chubby intern on the song yesterday. Alright, so left. My first guest is the leader of the PLO. And his favorite group is ELO. Please welcome a sweet talk in my am. Yachter, Arafat. Everybody right here. So Yachter. Yes sir. Is there any way we can solve this whole thing? I don't think so sir. Let's say I send you over a couple of queens of king. What do you mean I do not understand? Sure you do, buddy. I'm talking about plosies. Hootchies. Zipper monkeys. Well. Listen to your tablecloth and think about it. meantime, scoot over. My next guest is here. Thanks Bill. Our next guest is the former political machine. He's got snow on the roof. I'll fire in the furnace. And I'll bug up his buck. Please welcome Luke Gingrich. Alright, mate. Welcome there, buddy. Has things by you, Nudy? Hey, well my new wife's got to cold some leave in her. Good for you. You saw us bastards. Will they right back with Kairtop? Stay with me. Stay with a 12 or three or five or sixty WDQM. Here's a thanks from Jenny and in my new says. Please include Tim Lisi and Janice Joplin and never buy a ball on why not? Okay. You don't like that? That's fine. I like Tim Lisi. And for Janice, she could, she could have melted out, pound it out. Couldn't sing a lick baby. Like, ah. Unlike. Is that 80? Like a minand? Cecil man. Cecil could just drive it to you. Good bring it. The greatest rock performer or performers of all time. That's our pool on theorages.com. Kim. Kim. Getting a humongous response. The stones 46. Beagle 38. Cecil cruise 35. Kishenara Hussiesl cruises. Something her music was. Is that 80? Like a minand? Memorable. If not her outfit. The Hoot 22. Springsteen 22. Kist 22. Led Zeppelin 20. Pink Floyd 19. Elvis 16. Rush 15. And Jimmy Henry started to climb up a little bit. 13. For good old Jimmy. Incoherent Jimmy. I thought Jimmy. Well, we're not talking about who's the best singer. You know, I must have been great on stage. When you think? Sure. Had those big hands. Played par upside down. Big gigantic hands, which of course we all know what that means. Big gloves. WQA M. Hello. QA M. Hola. No seal. WQA M. Hello. Yes sir. I've got a few. You said something in the early. You said. What? Let me just ask you this. Because you see you've got a few. Okay. I'll give you one. But again, the question is, the greatest rock performer of all times. I'll be a few. It's like saying the best Italian restaurant in town is, and I give me 10 of me. Yeah, well, there's some really great ones. I know. I know. It's tough. Okay. Bob Marley. Okay. Okay. Rock to Bob. Okay. Thanks man. Yes. Bye. Bye. You're welcome George. Bob Marley. Yep. Didn't like his haircut too much, but he, you know, he could weigh a lot of pound of sound. The little river band. Oh, I did not like the little river band. You know, at all. I liked him for about a minute. You know, I got a little bit of sewing. So, and Maurice Canadian 2 and so is. I hate to even say the words, Celine Dion. Oh my God. You know, our good friend Dion who used to be our good friend. He had a sewer to make her change her last name. I'll be because any collection connection between Celine Dion and music is purely coincidental. She blows. Collective soul. Ah, you too. Woo. Go on to put you two on her. Sure. We're not too happy about it. We'll put it on there. I'll put the flash. How about the clash man? Get some real rock and roll on this list. Not a bunch of pansies. How about the Ramones. Alright. Rest properly. Just mention the moments ago. Jan is dropped a moment ago. And the police didn't put the police on their chest. Or did the beautiful get paranoid. In their heyday it says on this fact, what effects is there just pouring in here, man? It's unbelievable. In their heyday, Emerson Lake and Palmer had unbeatable leave of a live performances, including a giant mythical beast that flew over the stage. Grand piano that rose to 40 feet off the ground, a rotated end over and while Keith Emerson played it, he was going to be moving drum to it, paroteknics and one to that of a orchestra. So we put in the mother. Emerson Lake and Palmer got it. Not going to get a lot of host though. I think it's more of a generational thing with him. How to cite out of mind long since two bands on here. It says the purple and in the 80s. What is it, Ronnie James did? He got it. He got it. Ronnie James Dio. I can't read this. The worst, Ronnie James Dio had a great something. And Randy. He had a great manager. That's his manager? No. What does that say? I don't know what it says. That's what I've read. Something. William, vocuses. Boy, Billy, I get some hand-wraining lessons, but also Peter, Frampton and Hart. So, what is there? How many on that page? Fuck, third man. You're fit the best of all time. Is these 100? Okay, put any of those on there. You want or not? I don't want to hear. You got one or two of them? Yeah, we got one. Oh, not. I don't care. Ronnie James Dio, go get a light. How about EL? Oh. Right? What do you think? Neon violence? What's not to like? Right. Good EL. On and right away. Betty says, I've seen a stone's aerosmith guns and roses in and more so the rats but none compared to, are you ready? Ready. Cold play. Okay. Their live performances, electrifying and filled with energy, Chris Martin is a genius. He plays the piano acoustic and electric guitars, his voices rich, and buttery I'm in love with them. I'm in love with George. George, it says I love George too. So Betty loves you. Cold play, great. Oh, my, no. Look at that. I wish I'd have known this with a bitch Derek out earlier. See, I was supposed to be Hendrick somebody to somebody to, somebody clues us in on this. It says, J.I. M.I. as if we didn't know. We know our Jimmy Hendrick's man. And he spilled a Jimmy as in J.I. M.M. That's depressing. Last to me, it says, and you are absolutely correct. Straighten it out, Eric. The money. J.I. M.I. Kind of like Dini. You know, Jimmy, why you do this to me? Is that right, it's like a Minanto. Kind of like a Jimmy. Yeah, and Danny and Jimmy. You know, I cut myself shaving this morning to add to my other woes. Not that I want to belly it going here, but just a little nica. I had like a bad blade or something. And because I take the plavics, you know, that blood thinner, and it just keeps, it's not a big deal. And it's not like bleeding all over my chin, but it's like, you know, doesn't want to stop. I guess they don't make those stific pencils. It's step-to-step, a skeptic, yeah. Skeptic pencil. Do you want to talk about it? Absolutely. You must do the medicine cabinet. No, I do not have one. I should have. You should. You should. They still make them. Yeah. Oh my god. They burn like a son of a bitch. Yeah. But they stopped bleeding. Yeah, they do. Well, maybe we could get one from all on those ratings. He stopped the bleeding. Stick it on his toe somewhere. It burns. What about Iron Maiden? Somebody says, Louise says that Iron Maiden? Okay. Why not? Why not? It's not the like. Okay, so that gets us all up today with the effects. God, it's just a Zenia of Mary Menor. About third man. At least. Case didn't hear how our David is numbers by the way. The book that just came out today. They blew. They bit. They stunned. They sucked. It was an embarrassment. A humiliation. It was degrading. Subhuman. So they got heat. Huh? Were they good? No. He could have reached the new eye. I think if we did a little bit of research. In fact, our good friend, Maddie, Bell, I'm sure we'd like to do that. Because he also hates more like poison. If we did a little bit of research, they could go back in the last. What is it? How many years have they been all sports? About seven or eight? About seven or eight years. About seven or eight years. They've been all sports. I think if they went back through all. In fact, Muff might do that in the her spare time or Clarence. So the two of them could put their heads together. And come up with that information. I think that he broke the all time lows. So we can go on and say, wow, Maddie. We're not talking about Maddie. Okay. We did great. We're number one. But we'll just just set that aside. That we're just doing our Marcel Marseau imitation. You're anybody could be number one of them in the day. We're trying to deflect. Okay. When you talk about your own numbers, if they're really bad, talking about anybody else doing good and how this meaning is not an excuse, model. Okay. In fact, we need an asterisk for this book because how to how did we follow? Follow me. Careful. What's one? That flumbal. No, you don't want to just say, oh. I just say two grapes. Okay. Not in two grapes. I have a bunch of red and seedless grapes in refrigerator. I don't know. I was just jumping for something sweet. I put two grapes in my push and man. Like that. So if we should hear you choke since no one's there to Heinlek you. What's the, you could say in my impotent yield? Right. I'll choke on sour grapes. What's the Canadian number for 911? That's it. Just be the one. Yeah. Just relax. Okay. Everything is under control here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT and T whatever it is. Verizon line. Stone 48. What? Huh? Did you say a virus line? I think I got it. But SARS alert. Stone 48. Beagle 42. Oh, it's getting pretty interesting now. And look who's holding up third place with a solid 39 votes. Is that 80? I can't recommend. He's so cruel with the man. That's not a lead. He's not up toward the lead. A lead's up in 23. Pink Floyd 23. That's a pocket number. KISS 23. The Ho 22. And Bruce brings the In 22. Elvis 17. So that's where we got it's pretty interesting. And how can you decide? Really? How can you narrow it down? Tell me one. Yeah, we don't have time for that. Maybe we have time for this. Just a little taste. You know, a little touch. Oh, right. Anyway, it's a 12 minutes past noon. My good buddy is over at Halipani. They're not just sitting on the rest during the summertime waiting for the rain to start falling. What they're doing is giving you fantastic meal deals all summer long. Right now, the old deal, number one. You hear that number one, oh no. It's an A-R-E-T-A-K-E-W-K-M-N-M-D-O. It gets your percent financing for 60 months on every 2003 Patech or GMC in stock. Neal deal, number two, dose. It's an A-R-E-T-A-K-W-K-M-N-M-D-O. Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every single 2003 GMC in Patech in stock. And you courage E-M-C in Patech owners? It's an A-R-E-T-A-K-E-W-K-M-N-D-O. Get an additional rebate up to a grant from your friends at Halipani-A-G-M-C. And of course, as always, Halipani-Stupendus unbeatable, unbeatable selection of certified pre-owned cars truck-ness UV. Is that A-R-E-T-A-K-W-K-M-N-M-N-M-D-O? I don't know if you have marginal credit, maybe if you want to rate in radio sales, for example. It's a problem at all because they'll cut you a deal somehow, some way, and Halipani-A-K-M-D-A-K-M-D-A-K-M-D-A-K-M-D-A-K-M-D-A-K-M-D-A-K-M-D-A-K-M-D-K-M-D-K-M-D-K-M-D-K-M-D-K-M-D-K-M-D-K-M-D-K-M-D-K-M-D-K-M-D-K-M-D-K-M-D-K-M-D-K-M-D-K-M-D-K-M-D-K-M-D-K-M-D-K-M-D-K-M-D-K-M-D-K-M-D-K- Magical 85034444-111. It's one Triple 8503447. And don't forget, on the Olesub δ Blend COETIAN approvals, the spreads hacking hellood for Duttailes. Palmlant power Ex Gaming C ion positive, I bet Fried B inner boys' life honn The G Been I'm the agent, my current never ends with his sooner put depends on me So, I can no longer be cause you see my prostate with only But still I've become 23, I'm not very nice, I'm all 82 And I've got to keep my tea, baby, and we're two Yeah, I'm so A, E, J, but I can still keep rocking you Probably 8560 W, M now Sean and Holly would as a regular chronic fracture I used to like a lot until when I hesitated those opinions, thanks for for a cramp He says, I personally hold a view that you are the risen Christ, but when it comes to every breath you take and I in the sky Listen closely, he says the same song Sure, I must respectfully insert the cute card here he says Every breath you take is a funeral dredge with a juvenile chopsticks like cord progression that was played on nauseam And it up on your Grammy, don't worry, be happy, I'd rather hear my own record when you say Or maybe just record you in for a dream Yeah, the cool thing about your pull is that the best brands don't always translate into the best concerts May I suggest yes for a good mix of sound quality music Music and the music and the lyrics as Sean and the answer is yes, you can suggest yes Don't we have to put in our pull but we will because we're in a good mood, right? Yes, what we It says a friend was dragged me kicking and screaming to the Charlie Daniels bank constantly years before he became a ptl side show I went only with the promise to be played a drunken cut-free skank It was great the band members were all great instrumentalist good graphics rates on his head and heard better since the good tunes never get airplay We want to put Charlie Daniels band on their right Let's put Charlie Daniels band on their just through the hell, but for sure a lot of stuff pouring in man just pouring in here Including where the how was the one that I was it because I found to actually found a song this will shock This will absolutely shock whoever sent it in but I can't find it in thanks The one that had the image writer Right, you know the one time of my hear it is here it is. Thank you very much It says the Kingsward to bed. We all want to put the kinks on there. Absolutely kinks were great sure In fact, I know who would like the kinks I bet you see the crews A lot of common up. Could you imagine her singing Lola? Oh, that's you sweetheart Anyway, this fact says love the stones of aerosmith, but but Mitch Ryder and though this is one of our listeners in the cool springs Have you pardon? I just know where you're going so I'm groaning right now Why just because we have it? No just because there's a gesture Mitch Ryder and the friggin detour at wheels the best rockers ever You know this was in there. Yeah, well That's enough. You don't like Mitch Ryder in the need for our wheels. I think you're a friggin communist man maybe God, and what kind of a slot keeps hangs on road of dress blue or otherwise with a comes thing on a hunt that's my question It's not a fact disgusting slut an opportunistic slut it wants to blackmail somebody in make a fortune How pig disgusting slut And of course the you know the American media got to make her oh, she's the a martyr, you know, she's a celebrity now Good you flat you are well said could have said a bit of myself Here's rich in Palm Beach says needles pull some notable left outs primus My elect primus Is he still on MSNBC in the morning? Yes primus the morning King crimson king crimson move on son air the sex pistols How are they doing well Johnny's just fine psychedelic furrs What is this van house Bau house Bau Wow house Santa or any of these groups this is not my bag at all Camino fort huh Bau house is old like from the 80s. Bau Wow is old speaking a bow-ow is it 80s? Enjoy division rich in Palm Beach. When you put whatever one's on there. I'll leave that to you because that's way out of my league Okay, a crusty old fart like me. What do I know from that drink? Nothing what I don't know from that stuff. There we know what you say did we ever put the revolves on there? I thought we did. Yep. Okay. John as sex pistols. We did Johnny run and white snake did we put that under did you be killed because you're hard ass? Well put it on your mouth Okay, this is what we just discussed the right city. What's the concert? Yeah, it was a very good concert. I don't know very good show. Well, excuse us okay. I mean what you say that like well like there you go I don't care. I don't care. I don't pretend see I'm not one of these people that pretends to know all the music from like a hundred years or all the movies are all of I don't know crap If I knew crap I sure as I wouldn't be here working two days a week over hot mic 447 votes on a pool each your heart out moe your numbers suck your paycheck is stealing every time you get to paycheck. It's like stealing. You know you got to be on death row Stones 54 oh, I look who's moving toward the top See and I'm in that's bad because I'm influencing that yeah, we got about Super Hard Rick I guarantee if you wouldn't have croaked in that you know at that early time if she could have been here tomorrow We'd have gone over half a minute That would have been she would have been the one they want to put us over the wood pile. We could have had a call in Stolen 54 C447 cruise Beatles 45 even ahead of the Beatles. How do you like that? Did you ever see any of those old tapes in the Ed Sullivan show where he had them on yeah and said the Beatles The Beatles the Beatles She I'd never understood him or as it's love Griffin said one time the fabulous Vigies What I don't remember things like that because there were so bad and so I'm very soon another man with no talent whatsoever Could he sing pretty play to piano? Could he act did he do good interviews? Did he have a good show? But he invented wheel of fortune while then and a bunch end the jeopardy right and a bunch of other game shows which is why he's got He stays deep buried in the closet hairy coconuts or something like that. Oh, he didn't have hairy coconuts. I think he had any coconuts That's not a lovely paraherry. Danny and then he teriosity had no coconuts Remember Danny terios? Dance fever. Oh, yeah, he had the fever all right. He said Peter in the morning and fever at night Beatles 45 I see that you don't even know what that means when I work in Sarasota on WSPB about a hundred years ago You know how many years ago about thirty minutes exactly 1973 See that drop-in comes in real handy once in a blue moon, but once every My third man years We had a guy who used to the morning show called Peter John's Very pompous deep great voice deep voice, but real pompous ass He did the morning show. I did mid days and then we had a guy called Lowell Schumacher the old turkey buzzer was his nickname wacky guy was fun You know, he was kind of like such a cool man only a bigger skinnier guy At any rate one day Of course keep in mind this is 73 And here's Lowell Schumacher the old turkey buzzer is on here and he's promoting the land up He says of course don't forget to my morning at six. It's Peter John's he says you know what they say Peter in the morning and fever all night I heard a different version of it and he just he just lost it He just I think we had to pick him up off the floor He just never recovered practically we had to put him like into a oxygen thing. He just that was the end of the old turkey buzzer my close personal friend Lowell Schumacher got only knows where he might be right now. Did you say turkey buzzer? The turkey buzzer Yeah 55 for the stones 48 for Celia baby. She's moving in on the stone wait till she catches Mick Jagger wait till she happens on his ass for run for his life Beatles 45 and I never after that. It's Forget about it. Here's what it says to village people. What do you say? Sure They were good entered they put on a hell of a show it was it was a happy and it was funny and it was here's what it says the grateful dead Question mark did we put them on there? I thought we did even though we are very embarrassed Yeah, we did a lot of fans want went to see Jerry in a gang and if we would have been for them We never would had no fish food either Not that I have any idea what it's the same concept right the whole bit in sure he's doing with a grateful dead in the fish food My favorite says this one is the chorus not cars but the chorus you are Yes, yeah, the chorus are good. I like the chorus. How do you like that? And the chuck in you are I'm shocked you know of them Because because all that that European MTV stuff all those videos That's right. You're the lucky one. Yeah, huh. That's right. They actually show videos on TV and your boys grow late great the news Dear, I know it's an alien concept MTV and they should only croak it in TV and especially what's his name? They should take with them right off the bat Carson Carson and Daly for the other day in daily 1227 at five 60 W Q M if your hair is on the way out or if it's already out Maybe just have a big shiny dome. Well, I mean some guys want to walk around looking like you'll bring it But a lot of other guys think they look sexy or in better and younger when they have a nice looking full head of hair That's what you'd like there are a lot of different alternatives You can have holes drilled in your head like the beast is threatening to do which is downright silly if you ask me You can have a mossy looking musk rat there looks like it just croaked from a horrible disease sitting around on your head like our friend Moor you can call Mois what? What I didn't hear anything or you can hear our good buddy Charles Alfieri's offer Right now he's offering his summer special hair system. We're talking about his natural hair line system the best in the universe Only 549 bucks for first time customers make no mistake about it no matter what you do And that's why even though the guys with a big bucks go to Charlie you can't get a better more natural look Then Charlie's natural hair line system and if you already have a hair system You can save yourself 50% on service and repair of all kinds of hair systems including shampoo and trim no dangerous drugs No mossy wig no holes in the head with blood dripping down your forehead Charles Alfieri really is the benchmark of the hair industry So if you'd like to look younger and better than you ever dreamed you could again check with Charlie the day there's no obligation And it'll give you a 30 day guarantee if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells after 30 days You've not get in the head at least 10 20 times a day return it for a full refund call the Charles Alfieri studios toll free today Would no obligation call 1 800 321 2413 that's 1 800 3 to 1 2413 or check them on the web But Charles Alfieri dot com You You're getting ready for a show that will have the critics talking How that's video We just fill it out nicely Oh gosh Thank you. Oh God if he started it round Oh, I'd like to give him out some alcohol. Oh, I'd like to faith him And look at his Oh gosh, look at the twerk Hey watch tonight 32 at 560. Where's that the facts about the crap macaroni and cheese? Oh here it is from Mark It says Toronto's own very naked ladies deserve to be on list and you are Says I'm pretty sure they're gonna be at the concert. Are they gonna be at the concert George? Oh, we got the key chains. Oh, right Key chain this is the demo right hang on The There it is the more Howard David and key chains sounds we're gonna have a crunchy clean Gonna have our fundraiser for abandoned per rescue again this year starting August one which is only a couple days away And we're gonna have the best of meal 2002 2003 since we didn't have it this last year and we might actually sell a few of those before they start before they start making those illegal copies Which we hate people to do that and you're gonna want to go into jail But then you write that song now. What are we gonna? How are we gonna do that? Is it gonna be available on the web august one? What do you mean you don't know who does know? Everything should be ready the week of August first Well the week of August first the last time I checked it was Friday the week of August second like is it third fourth whatever that week is And then my friend was a week of August August okay August for just calm down. Okay. We eyes it's a little bit tough math there working all the way from the first of the fourth Oh, we don't like it sounds like it sounds like Monday the fourth so in other words next week You're gonna do it one day one of the Saturday. Yeah, now who am I supposed to be looking for bird? I don't know because I don't know that leaders. I don't see the list here and of course that's this freaking Toronto National post this paper blows man In fact this paper's right there with the Herald and the Sun Sentinel. Thank the Lord. We got three other newspapers here We got four daily newspapers here like in a real city and this one sucks But they give it away free in a price is right anyway We'll get their naked ladies under got it beiner head. We got it got it there excellent musicians who do an amazing job Getting the audience to volunteer shows unfortunately because many of their best known songs employ amusing and intentionally childlike lyrics They're on off on fairly this Mr. Z. What am I missing? What is he talking to make out? Why is he talking on the air one of those things? What have you got? What an asshole Anyway intentionally a childlike lyrics they're off on fairly this Mr. Z. Anbola grew power right no many gut people who change their opinion when they saw them lie great young Great showman great guys what other band could have their fans throwing boxes of craft macaroni and cheese that them and not have it been And so great shows always says Mark in an honor with that fact What are the class foods part of the Philip Norris family and we know what your kids want for dinner It's clap zone creamy delicious process cheese melted over pure hugely a dictive nicotine kids love it It's the nicotine it's the cheese No you're right is the nicotine my kids can't get enough of class nicotine and cheese Now Billy start taking under those secretions. I've got more nicotine and cheese right here Great mom Black nicotine cheese It's the nicotine it clap nicotine and cheese part of the Philip Norris family We keep trying to distance ourselves from being an evil representative of tobacco related death, but somehow it just is working Exactly, I thought I'd drop it and it's kind of cute I like it. I love it and obviously they did to the whole family Here's a fact from Josh and Volco who says no joke The best performance I've ever seen this from a band called Gwarr He's right He's right well they're kind of performance artists. How do they grow or grow? Gwarr growr It's a lot it's a visual thing they wear crazy crazy costumes made of And that's what that sounds like No, then they take people from the audience and they have this monsters suck them up They've monsters suck them. Yes, up And down And always yeah, I'll be damn anyways as guaras the band at place Foky metal and hoses the audience down with fake blood as the battles and they battle enemies on stages a great show And let's get them on our Gwarr. Okay. I used to work on excitation Here's what it says how about our Yo speedwagon? Okay, yeah, I mean great. Well look. I mean we were not endorsing we want to do a slamer here That we don't have anything to with a lot of these choices We're embarrassed and humiliated and degraded not just by like our Yo speedwagon, but like Bob Dylan and springsteen and those but It's up to you guys. Okay. It's up to the public out there, which is why McDonald's sells so much crap Here's when it says Neil a group that I think needs to be on list is sublime Yep Your style of punk rock scour reggae Was like no other scour reggae? Yeah What is scour reggae? I was gonna fast raking on so glad I know nothing about that. Oh, I'm so delighted The lead singer Brad D. No, I'll die to my heroin overdose. That's unusual Like so many great ones. They originally saying smoke to a joint of which you have the parody So how about a treat to Brad by playing it? We certainly will closing fire norma and get syndicated Do you know that that Tom don't like us memory did that thing with the or alleged rate victim of Kobe Bryant? Yes, just for publicity. Yeah, you know he syndicated on 60 stations and he couldn't break his weight of a paper sack He's so bad. He was on TV this night. Oh no, oh the ugly ugly You have that leather jacket on? No, no, it was where like some nasty S 30 t-shirt. Oh God Holy crap But in any way, I just might I don't care you know I'm on the way out. I'm phasing out If it wasn't for my close personal friend mid-church, I'd already be out over now How about adding Rod's story? How could we forget even though I find him repulsing and wrote his gonna music annoying And it just gross Says Kate. Thank you Kate Rod Stewart of course, right? Right on. Let me ask you how the door is doing now that we really we stiff them But I guess I guess Jim Altmine we stiff the doors. Are they moving up at all? Yeah, they got 11 See they're already in double digits. He only been out there for a few seconds About 30 minutes Stowe we're asking today the greatest rock performer performer or for group ever Stone's 55 Celia cruise 52 man. Is that a good idea? I saw a feeling I can smell it can you smell it? Beatles 47 put the sauce on it. I'll cover up that stench Pink Floyd 26 led Zeppelin 25 Kiss 25 How about kiss I want to give you a kiss Respressed in 24 the Hoots 23 bush 19. I mean rush. Did I say bush? Or unless right that how many votes he got in Broward Bush 19 remember that and then turn out to be like about two minutes Rush 19 Bob Dylan 17 Elvis 17 Jimmy Henry 17 aerosmith only 13 what kind of crap is that? Comey No, that's just I should have voted for them because you know how obsessed I am with the aerosmith Doris 11 Elton John. She's got 11 and Van Halen be heaven 10 So that's the ones in double digits. Let's see. Last year we had it right we got Rod Stewart we got it We got it we got 20 more minutes of this stuff and we can get the poll finished out then one to two I can take and now I mean we can I mean I am so proud of myself how I did this show today with about three minutes red a sleep I have no idea how I did this you look freaking miracle did a poll that's out What does that mean we're pulled building all day today? We are we are building a big poll Okay, there's nothing like building a big poll some of us of course a small poll will do 2012 is five sixty wqm you know when the dry concepts going to my house I always have a big smile on my posts and especially when it lead because my carpet They leave looking just like brand new which is why I have been using them for over 20 to long Excruciating amazing years in my house and they never let you down they always do us to put us unbelievable job Dry concepts has been the number on carpet cleaning company for over 20 years in South Florida and the only carpet cleaning company That actually dry cleans your carpeting and not dry concepts are for as you an opportunity to say 15 percent on the next carpet cleaning Just call dry concepts of the usual toll free number 1 800 248 5071 has to be put on their stand by list and Then dry concepts will cut in a stand event opening in her schedule just like when you fly stand by it's the same concept If you're available when they have an opening it'll like 15 percent off the regular price and save you some cash this summer So called dry concepts today and asked me put on their stand by list They might even have an opening for you on the very day that you call and you'll still get that 15 percent off the regular price of the job Don't forget to give your written guaranteed price up front your carpets are drying a couple of hours They smell and any fresh and look just like brand new you can't be to a mistake column today until that old deal Put it to call dry concepts toll free. It's 1 800 248 5071 Got the job screech from save by the bell had his own dry out on NYPD blue I mean my name's Dustin Diamond We do can call me screech that was my name on save by the bell on your new partner About it, but the 11 season I was Mr. Bellings assistant principal I'll make a great car. I don't think so as face hey That used to call me screech your room an AJ call me the screechinator I don't think I like asspace looking your mouth again and you're gonna get bitch-laptop Mr. Belling used to protect me from bitch-laptors. What are you doing if I call him down here? I'm gonna kick his ass What if I call AJ? I'm gonna kick his ass You dream spell� 46 has five 60 WQM happy Tuesday to you and again we it's dumb Tuesday I'm dumb George is dumb and Vinamore of course we already knew that going in are we dumb or what dumbest You know which one I'm talking about here I This is one of my favorite groups in the world the doors was bad, but this is worse because they're gonna be here tomorrow Did you know that no I didn't I must there's a lady there can't you name yes, who I Don't know how many guesses you can be Don't stop don't step on him whatever you never I don't have any idea where this goes first on the hurt in America You stepped on Anyway, well I was prelude There's a start yet. This is the one I wanted to play in This like I said this probably the best song it was ever made What's his name see cut the other one up before the big run Time for that it's not a music show. It's always my favorite run See a nice step on again Where comes you gonna come there and beat the crap out of you is Burton coming Sounds like a sport or work Man I'm sure he had you low We left them off well get them on there right away Eric immediately. If not soon, I did it's embarrassing We're we are so pathetic We're we're tragic we we want to just walk out right now if we didn't need the money you know between the stroke and the dope Yeah In my lack of sleep and a holdy all the other fuzz a ride and stroke in the dope anyway stroke this This is why not the best Canadian group of all time in a Mars co-headliners the guest who says RSS What does it say in the bottom of that? I can't you cut a chapter of George is one? You're just something man Me home man. I can't read that in the bottom. Thank you very much for reminding me because that would have been that would have been in Fanya Maybe we would have had a hip man here and a half an hour Here's what it says the movie blues. Nobody got a thanks mark of mine. We got the movie blues and also steamy ray Vaughan and Was gonna go see I can't read there's something about Abba. Oh, I'm gonna suggest to have a book talk twice. No, I think I would have that show by the way It goes on all over the world. Are you where that? Yeah I think got to be on there that that show has to be on there's Abba and Abba want to be isn't Abba Abba you have it Abba do you? You're all the players right? Abba da da da da that was funny. No, it was not I love even it wasn't even mildly amusing you last there a girl Not on play that I mean it's okay, but it's in his moments Oh another another I guess you saw that I absolutely love Love it'll Skip to the one that I absolutely love which one is that no sugar. I don't have time Crazy you know how they sugar is been it though. Yeah It's an egg I I'll say one thing that way she sounds like a man, but she couldn't sing for crap She just made a lot of noise Which I guess is why we call it hochi kuchi right? Hochi kuchi mama? Well, hochi anyway not too much of the hochi with her. I don't think certainly no kuchi I heard she had a gigantic strap on his room. I'm hearing about a probably some messing around here No, that's bad. You shouldn't say that because some people get very upset Is an egg in the next time beater tries to start the QM van Let's see how many time look at that she's right up on mix as stones 59 Silia cruise 54 for good old Cecil cruise Canus must macho see the cruise or Freddy cruise and Marie Beatles 50 Kiss 27 pink Floyd 27's bracing 25 led Zephan 25 the who 24 Rush 19 Bob Dylan 19 Elvis 18 Jimmy 11 17 the doors 14 thank goodness. They're moving They're sliding it up there Slide it up to the other side Erosmith 13 great full dead 12 the dirty dozen Elton John a dozen van Halen 11 and after that single digits including Billy Joel with a lane nine Please as me a lot This is another disgusting story you keep feeding me these damn things. It's awful. I'm a trouble maker Just making these up Sacramento, California Four lawsuits filed a California claim your hope is witnesses officials have been covering up a lead Sex abuse of children but congregation leaders adding to a series of similar suits nation. Why? The law firms involved in the suits file last week and three northern California counties are holding Public meetings this week in search of more victims in witnesses It's a widespread problem and nothing's been done about it to protect these children to protect Future children said bill breeze bird one of these Sacramento attorneys who filed four lawsuits in California last Thursday once the church leaders knew about it. They didn't do a dancing to stuff Sounds for me to done it just like I got friends at the countless church By the way, I did I did do some investigative work all the six new time I've had off and between putting bits in the VCS I did do some investigative smoke you know how many straight priests there are in the world. Yeah, that's what I found out And one of them was father Marin who went with his no more so I guess eight And what was the other what was his name? Ah Father paranoia yeah, he was father paranoia. He was also father. That's good. That's awesome He's dead. Yeah, what a shame father carous. No, thank you That would account me up on the Alice carous Okay, it's enough like it's okay. We don't have time for all that stuff It was the yeah, we're coming from the other side man. I'm sorry. I'll watch it She's breaking on through from the other side spirits. He's breaking back on through from the He's right and make it come back Anyway, here's us. Did I do this to blind thing? Oh, yeah, I got No, it's going on. I don't either I'm ankle hurt and we're having a great show as a result I guess I should never sleep we'd have a great show every there go Papa papa you know like rumor Papa papa Stone's 59 c.f. 55 Shyam, I'm guarantee I have all the confidence the rules. He's gonna pull it ahead W to Q a and hello Hi, I do it pretty good. How you doing? He changed we have a sick be check on her yet Fixie chicks. Let's get him on right away. The European version Okay, pal. What are you saying that was I held it that was my god Yeah, European five six seven oh five six the pound five six the 18 and 10 Verizon wireless line W to Q a and hello Oh, yes, sir. I'm about Chicago. Oh my god another one of my all-time favorite groups. I feel like I'm an idiot today And I'm probably him. Okay. Thank you. Thanks, pal. Shikago. I mean and I and also I got some of that here too Which I know gets you upset sure does you got a you're all I should kind of like should kind of go a lot the older the better Old days Saturday and the parac all of this all of these things FMG take it like I'm not a Some of you that I want to Get that right we am all for it. Don't be step and I'm poor city. She's got enough tourists already Well, that's I guess that's a bonus because we get here a few clips here which you're close close off Oh, no, the fact that we left these people There we go My goodness How's Terry can't do it? Oh You know See but again we're talking about performers keep that in mind just keep that in the before you cast your all important vote We're talking performance on stage people are like a really singing perform as opposed to like in the studio Like for real in front of an audience And entertain an amused and I use and jump up and subscribe through and stuff like that We got somebody who and those about scratching the last by the way I Don't Don't win that it been a hell of a combo see the cruise in Chicago that would I can interrupt dial might 560 50560 pound five 60 on the 18 team for rising world of slime We got that big one to two hour coming up and then we got Joe Rose Gonna rip mull and ask for two hours between two and four rhymes with mull Joe's a ganky also rhymes with Joe and mull and Joe So ganky telling it for the Humperate 4 and then we got the Marlins and the Arizona diamond back you've got to do better than 10,000 people The team is hot as a pistol For us trying to get the entire town work up there were friends the all the windows he's given up I think and There only one game out of a wild card they got 10,000 people are last night and they're playing Arizona Which is one of the two teams right now the battling for that wild card deal along with the fillies Any can't do the baseball game and they're lowly rated Joe and Mark overnight. I said that was great to dismay, you know Because they're good guys especially Joe. I mean Mark, but horrible What are we gonna do about that? I I blame you for that. It is my fault because Joe is trying to be like another you know with a eating ass and a big Rax and Packages he's trying to do that stuff Talk about something real intellectual talk about some heavy-duty stuff Joe about solving the problems of the work because all the people that are up overnight are Insomniacs they're much in erotic assholes. They don't know from rax and packages and stuff They don't even know what tell they're talking about What are we gonna do to improve the Joe and Mark show? Ignore it Do hosts okay, man. That's bad very bad. In fact, maybe Mo if we move more mojo in the time slot not bad They can switch the water. What are we leaving you a folks will we leave it your capable hands now? The greatest rock performer or performers of all time stone 60 Sedia Cruz 56 Vivo's 51 Sequet do no Kiss 28 Pink Floyd 28 Led Zeppelin 26 Bruce Springsteen 25 the Hoot 24 Dylan 22 Rush 19 Rush. I'll be here tomorrow too by the way. I mentioned it. Yes. No. Elvis 19 a grateful dead 17 Jimmy Hendrix 17 Huh, this is Pope John Paul wins and it he asked me the only thing more fun than playing Radass with this wish guy is the Neil Rogers one to two hour Surely you've got all my Harry Potter books and you've got the Harry Potter homes for next to me Kid but now you got to get the Harry Potter pet prodsology kid. Yeah, that please great check out your care Hey Pet prodsology kid barnyard edition sold separately. Wow how did my hot wheels car get inside a whiskey This month on ABC and ready for all new blue and more out of work child actors And he's civil with new partner Zack from save by the bell guys and we preach only to be replaced by Screech from save by the bell Then screech has a run in with new lieutenant Larry Budmellman. Oh, I am I drunk in week five Meat the new team of top cops George W. Bush and William Jefferson Clinton I don't have interest and in week seven friend rerun berry takes the role of Sergeant Scissie from internal affairs All new blue with all old actors this month on ABC my fellow Americans We've entered a new era and this new era requires new responsibilities both for the government and for our people And realize that for the first time ever we do not believe women should be educated or should have health care or should leave their homes People are going about their daily lives Working in shopping and playing as shallow materialistic consumers who care only about getting rich or getting ahead and this is good for America I'm encouraging school children kill all Americans and we will prevail good riddance Tonight on action news written is new CD it might be a bit too much for your young Jean I An Persian Contact Why hate hate? I'll support you, my own. I am Republican. And I am not a racist. Either on my friends at the country club. I am a Republican. Sex is for humans. I am a Republican. I am a guest civil rights and abortion. I am a licensed place to prove it. I am a Republican. A bad economy is a good thing. I am a Republican. I support an unprovoked war against Iraq. Not only because I'm ordered to do so, but I believe exploiting the deaths of 3,000 Americans is good for business. I am a Republican. I am proud to have ex-conrunning my government. I know they will never come for me. Or I have nothing to hide. I am a Republican. I enjoy listening to Rush Limbaugh with my dog balls in my mouth. I am a Republican. I wish Hitler was still alive, so I could eat the corn out of his due-do. I am a Republican. And you will know me. That will be me in the leather head cover. Being leather round, the fetish club naked by a leash. Oh God, I love that. If life be held upon a discarded bedbarrel, then they destroy. Yes. Tomorrow, where'd my belly with my lipstick? Hmm, you seen it yesterday? Oh, sir. I am a Republican. They're too sweet. Hmm, oh, oh, oh, oh, don't leave, fool by the rocks in my pants. I'm tiny with a different motoric hand. I gotta see the human out of those standing. I'll bet you didn't know, I'm reading a man, a shape-leaf, a written, woody old jack, but I'm still known as the girl from the block. For me, that money, but very little know that I have a thing. I thought that the dressing like this, in my jeans, dressing like a bus of queen, with just some colour jeans, really won't teach. My body's way around it. Like my torso, I'm a manly man. That's not part of these on my can. I got my way back there in the jam. My hair is real. Give it a squeeze. Hmm, and my hair too. I do that or cap on a feminine voice, but I got a little cold. So I don't have a choice. I like the surprise, and we as if the boys, when they get low to buy, I'm circumcised toy. Nothing else is going on, harmonies. Whenever my clothes, the rest is me. Don't be fooled by the rocks in my face. I'm gently with the piss-past for the reek, and I gotta see which you may not understand. I bet you didn't know, I'm really a man, a shape-leaf, a written, woody old jack, but I'm still known as the girl from the block. For me, I'm more near-lots, but very little mold that I have a baby drooling tonight. Coming up tonight, uninsigned behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. We take a good, hard, stiff look in the start-up. They succeeded with an upbeat song about pulling through, just when you think you're going to fail. Then they fail. They were swing out, sister. The final way, is to get one of those. We'll get one of those. You know, we still get mail from people about how our song changed their lives. Lying through our teeth, swing out sisters, corin' blurry, lives in a sewer of denial, refusing to face the fact that our happy little song did f***ing gall to get her anywhere. I'm sorry, Fookarin. Myself? I've come to terms with it. Corin's band made, Andy Kahnel. Visit her often at the home. I mean, five accepted the fact that we were a p***y band who didn't deserve more than one hit record. No! We suck, baby. We're irrelevant. No, no, no. Don't stop to ask. Now you found a break to make it last. Now we're lame. Break out, but, but, but, but, but, but, come on, sing with me now, Andy. No, please. No. If you love me, sing with me. No, no. Come on, go, star. Oh, you have. Now you found a break to make it last. You got to find a way to say what you want to say. Swing out so soon. You can't want a p***y. But, that's what makes great television. It's a big juicy, something went look at show business tonight, uninside the vine. Tired of watching news with a bias and watch the news channel that keeps insisting its fair and balanced even though anyone with an IQ over four can see. It's not. It's Fox News. With a powerful prime timeline of so powerful that we're going to keep repeating the word powerful as much as possible. First at eight, it's the O'Reilly vacuum. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, now you've said two sentences and I have not interrupted. Will Bill if I could just say it. Oh, no, no, no, no. I'm not letting you get away with that. But, at nine, it's more debatable to bait on Fox News. And at the end, cones discuss the issues of the day at the top of their lungs. Tonight, the subject. Hillary Clinton, issue of grace, twisted liberal or just a vicious caniving bit. Well, I thought you shut up, Alan. You come in. Then it's him. Fox News presents the edge with Paulazon. We don't know why she has a show, but she's your looks good. Tonight on the edge, will examine why George W. Bush is the greatest president in the history of the universe. And we'll hear from both sides. Conservative Republicans and liberal Republicans. Fox News, Fox News, Fox News, Fox News. We distort. You decide. All right. One of my favorites. I love it. 10 past one at five, 60 WQAM. How are we doing on that pole, George? Just fine. Why? Don't know how you're doing on your senses. Am I pole? I'm resting. Stone 64. Greatest rock performer. Paul times. Stone 64. Freddie Cruz. I mean, Cigli Cruz. 59. Second place. Move it up. Is that 80? Second. Welcome. Beatles 53. Led Zeppelin 20. And after those top three minutes, a small theater's. I'll tell you if you have small theaters or big feet or a in-between. Brandy's could hook you up with some fantastic name brand shoes and unbeatable prices, which is why Brandy's been around so long. This is the 25th year that Brandy's has been in pop at obesity and it's in great location. They got rock ports. Echoes. Mufisto. Timberland Clark's S.A.S. Floor shine. Last moral. All the top names that you know, are the top names. And they got a wide range of sizes. No matter how teeny tiny or gigantic your feet are, men sizes 65th, women's five to 12. And woods from the very very narrow to the very big wide fat and grotesque. And don't forget their professional sales staff give you personal friendly service to make sure you walk out of there with a perfect perfect fit every single time. Brandy's shoes are fine with 12 night and north federal highway and pop at obesity open daily 99. Some days 10 to 5. And right now for the second week and row they're continuing this great special. It's a great time to buy naturalizers. All this week again at Brandy's get you an 80 dollar value from a 3490 to 4490. So stop in this week for sure or visit Montau Web if you like it. Brandy's shoes dot com. And local. Six is 4 20 5 60. What if you weigh in? Like I hear the word asshole. Oh never get these f*** beans out of my husband's short. You will now. Introducing you no f*** laundry detergent with scum guard. Let's face it. Human bodily fluids of a toughest age to remove from valuable undergarments. Whether it's not but f***ing secretions blood even sick. No no f*** attacks these tough stains with patented scum guard for a deep down clean. Try new no f*** today. And if you're not completely satisfied, we'll double your money back. No f*** no f***. Let's come guard. Insect shots now. Yeah baby. The R2D2 nuclear powered vibrator. Super cyborg. The R2D2 nuclear powered vibrator. What do you think? Use it on mom. Dad. Even the cat. The R2D2 super cyborg. Nuclear powered vibrator. And coming soon. The Yoda. Solar powered by plug. Oh! Oh! Woo Loosey O'Danugh. Kill your medicine. Take-a-spink Almighty at Kapeva's team. Rome and geo'Danugh. You'll see O' op sustenance, Zenith, just some bad sod. Oh, his brother's hell right on the cover Guess that wasn't such a clever plan To say that she'd have come cruise as a lover But he's a man Rosie Adano Killed her magazine Living my enemy looking for 10 me I'm a man I'm a man Biggest comes from the way I think I've ever seen So make some issues on each could be Bumble while in Bumble We're making a rush Of course Bugs in Bumble Bumble for the world Like a Bumble city Bumble when they was gay Something stunning 50% of all papers 50% of all papers Bumble Everyone's talking about Coming to Alzazira TV this fall Survivor is Lomit law Each week 16 female contestants will try to survive Harder is Lomit law As they compete in luxury reward challenges Just outside the Holy City of Mecca This will be the toughest survivor ever See women try to steal bread from a local baker without getting their hands chopped off One lucky contestants can win a immunity if she can get behind the wheel of a car without getting banned That in the head Ah How about saying nice things about Jews in front of a Muslim cleric without getting shot on sight So tune into Alzazira TV this fall for the premier of Survivor is Lomit law It's TV today Performing with a man And the man Defense Default the patch smoking the patch C claro F socios Default the poached Johnny James Alz was the polish Whoken play with him If they need a choice Cuz not be bowing S Bürgry Tickets just get conceived Without a nipple Bag left Breaming way Rolling papers Rogueς and a water bomb Maybe next year they're in the draft they'll get changed And so well instead of being a hot tub friend There's will be selling grass under a cloud A smoke and it won't be a foul All that could not chew on your ass He took a lot of their talk Cause the new york mist just won't get high Stand around and wave at place in the sky And the smoke and it won't get high And the smoke and it won't get high And the smoke and it won't get high Smoke the touch, smoke the touch Some of the mess, what the touch Swining waves, I know what's the case We'll contain what we've been needed Cause Bobby Valley and Tides mess just as it seems We're not on a little back and premium We're very new rain days, twinkies Rough was rich but they'd have shits Well the bad play just like they're all high on us And strength, I know we are men Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum Bum, bum, bum, bum Bum, bum, bum, bum Bum, bum, bum, bum Bum, bum, bum, bum Bum, bum, bum Bum, bum, bum, bum Bum, bum, bum, bum Bum, bum, bum, bum Bum, bum, bum, bum Bum, bum, bum, bum Bum, bum, bum, bum Bum, bum, bum Bum, bum, bum Bum, bum, bum Bum, bum, bum, bum Bum, bum, bum Bum, bum, bum Bum, bum, bum, bum Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum Unf серga, mergraga, mergraga Your w, guis, your pattyyou, your piano is water Dumb, bum, bum, bum, bum Um, bum, bum, bum, bum This dumb is an aim-roll. Let's turn them into turk-roll. Come to Dom on the top of the bar. Follow me, follow me. How do you find the defendants? Ah-ha! I am check your honor! About what? Oh, sorry! I always wanted to do what's the jury's verdict? Ah-ha! Not guilty! That's who you, I never done! Just because I'm back to being accused of me and something though I killed them. I'm not a bitch, or that I've done away. And that I try to never blackouts to me. That guilty! Ah-ha! I still do what we saw. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. Yo! Oh, I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm gonna get my old job back at her, it's with the car. I'm a jet grapple, and this is the final edition of Nightline. You'll probably notice lately that much like all other news organizations, we've been featuring only week puffed pieces, but tonight we're going to break away from all that. We originally scheduled a tour of Michael Jordan's bathroom. Instead, we have with us the father of teleband soldier, John Walker-Lin, Mr. Paulin. Mr. Lin, how are you this evening? Just, Tandy. You hired... And you explained why he joined the teleband? It's quite a brat, always hated taking a bath. Why does he use his mother's maiden name? It's fine, I don't know. She's the one who wanted a baby. You seem vaguely familiar already now. Everybody thinks I'm dead. That was my lover. I told him not to stand near the window. So you assumed his identity. I'm sure I'm gonna call it that. We have the same waist size. Where you surprised to find your son when living in Afghanistan? I just thought it was a carpet star and cow cow beef. I guess I see. It's that near real hair. I'm gonna show you what he is. Kind of a whole have, mind if I check. Ball! I'm just wide. Too far, Jack, when at blow-chise, outsheller, try some deputy-duh. I'll be back with some final thoughts. After this. Oh! Sensing. You've seen films about the Irish Mafia. And the Russian Mafia. Now meet the Irish Mafia. In Martin's Quarce-Eces, games of pencil being a Dutch country. As a kaya. I know, has to find looking milk cow. Yes, it would be a shame if something potions to happen to it. Are these suggesting I've been the protection? Ah! But I think it. Games of pencil being a Dutch country. It's filled with excitement, but no electricity. Now I've laid done by interest payments. And I regret that I must break it by knees with this butterchurn. Half-thalpho-gothin. It is a sin to collect on the status. I'd be seen seeing. Oh, for give it my best for me. I shall break it by knees on the morrow. Don't miss the foreign raising suspense of games of pen and Soulvania Dutch country. Put aside thy competency. Or I've come at the Martin's Quarce-Eces. Games of pencil being a Dutch country. Where made guys are just made. They're crafted by hands. 1.26 at 5.60. WQM. Some good news, though, on our pool. Talking about people we left off. Yeah. CCR. Uh-oh. I'm very proud that we left them off. It probably was in proud Mary. Oh, God. Why hate CCR? Man, you have no idea. I'm not sure if I hate Pete Bolgerborser. 26 after one we got the little dog Joe Rose for the mad dog. It too we got Joe's a gackie for the Humperard Forest. Anybody like working a regular dog? No, and even most going on vacation tomorrow. Thank God. By now you've been here at about lemon. It's a rust now. Lemonated wood flooring from lemon. It's a rust is the easy to spark a low maintenance alternative natural wood flooring. Lemonants are russes the best place for you to find. Lemonated wood flooring from perador. Pergo Wilson Art Unifluoring Quickstep 2. They've got all the top names all installed by pergo is certified installers. Here's another good reason why you ought to be called. Lemonants are russed their prices will floria right now. Even get through some as special for just. 1995 bucks. That's right. Just 1995 bucks. Gets you up to 382 square feet of beautiful. Lemonate wood flooring is positively un-believable. Lemonants are russled nights. Any of them are written offer to. For a free and a homester with no obligation. Colamina's rust toll free. 1 8 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 3 3 36. What could be easy to give you free carpet disposal. Free furniture moving to 25 year warranty in years and years. A beautiful easy care lemon wood flooring. Colamina's rust today toll free. And be sure and tell them that ancient croaking the alternative call. 1 8 7 7 7 7 7 3 3 36. My life and low. This is for 205. It's a way to do it. If my fiance. And five six five six. WHO in. Are you going to watch another boring show this weekend. 4 are you going to get serious. This Saturday night on the SBI. And it's the event of the year. The WWF. This is it. It's slapdown. Real me if I fail. Not enough. Real me if you know you not good. I sure the world's biggest and cheeky is clean, but... Kind of like World On Pig Undeously. No fueron, I saw a � a arsemane while he taught me, the a cross section. I found Poland and Staatia in my house, Because my sister is stolen from Poland then. Okay, they did not hurt my mom. Yummy! This is particularly적 ole! This is pretty sceptical! It was showing my child and... WoeH! Boy, y'all, this is a bit like a BSP! He likes a set of color people, girl He likes a brand of color people Are you sure? Oh, no. Do you hear this? Yeah. It's like a Beatles song. Ha ha ha! Ha ha ha! There's a channel missing! I think it's because of the way you want. Your board, this board, or the boat. I love it. What did you do for the club? I could have dropped some singing crews on the slot there. Oh, there's so much for that man. You dropped the bloody club. Ha ha ha ha ha ha! Oh, right. This is the best! Is that a neat, ugly, black, or a meaner? What's this bit called? Al Paciathama. He played that up a CD? No, I'm playing it off the a DCS, I dubbed it. We're board's only WWE channel. Wrong. The whole guess what? There's the crew. Oh, let's see how this one, okay? No, what make it different from what the track is actually, has anything separated in it? That one did. Oh, Jay, I think you did it. But I want a no-for-show! You think you wanna believe it? You actually played golf at 10 o'clock at night? Yeah, you wanna know what I think? I think you're gonna get pissed around like my son. Is that a big lock, bro? It's mine! Ha ha ha ha ha ha! You're gonna be a little bit more fun than you are. Ha ha ha ha ha ha! You're gonna be a little bit more fun than you are. All I want is a no-for-show! Our lives meet you, nobody cares anymore. And okay, just sit there, look and board. It's spending $200,000 an hour of legal fees. I'm not impressed. I just want to feel like my day back. And cannot buy day back. Nobody used the sooner, phones, what you've been making the rest of the night. I'm not in your way, I'm fine. I'm not in your way, I'm not in your way, I'm fine. I'm not in your way, I'm not in your way, I'm fine. I'm not in your way, I'm fine. I'm not in your way, I'm fine. I'm not in your way, I'm fine. I'm not in your way, I'm fine. I'm not in your way, I'm fine. I'm not in your way, I'm fine. I'm not in your way, I'm fine. I'm not in your way, I'm fine. I'm not in your way, I'm fine. I'm not in your way, I'm fine. I'm not in your way, I'm fine. I'm not in your way, I'm fine. I'm not in your way, I'm fine. I'm not in your way, I'm fine. Why don't you make me go for that again? What do you want to do? Crack the smile, wait for the most of all the big misdraf With him and John the Garden of Duda Big, I'd buy these walking Can't you see? I'll talk you Won't you be wearing any of these right back all day he sees? Welcome back, baby, Zase. Monday night football. We're proud of our match with us. An old friend just stranded in the middle of the alley about here. Listen, we're sorry about some of those jobs. The above-low civil race thing. We're not doing that. We're not doing that. How's that doing? We're not a car tree. You know, we're just having a good day here. He's walking. There's these family millions. We're both a legal fee. So we owe him a bigger power to you. She's walking. Listen to me and I'm hoping that he'll never be how Stalkin' his ex-wife number three. Hello, my name is Ernst. I don't want one. This is the challenge. He's the assistant. What is it now? Oh, he's not. I want a visual of the fee I was wearing. Don't worry, I told you don't bother me while I'm in here. I'm in here. I thought it's Mickey Mouse. Oh, Mr. Mouse, good morning. How are you? What the hell are you doing to me? Nothing, sir. You're freaking killing me. I don't even call me every three minutes. Why did we move the process? You told me to move the bride and tell you when you've got some misunderstanding. No, sir. You said move the practice to Monday. Listen, but like, I'm the boss. I make the decisions you take the heat. Right. You all will to practice. Okay. How are we doing with it anyway? Hold on. Remus. Yeah, well shot for hell up. I'm on the phone, Remus. Hi, sir. Yes, sir. What was your question? I'm calling you. I'm going crazy over here. Between David Kelly and the Michael Jackson call me every three minutes. I'm going to go out of my freaking mind. Hold on. Peter. Get him on. Stop it, Remus. I'm going to call him on. Stop calling the floor, Remus. Peter. If once this is my hand, Remus, that's your beat is yours. My other hand, Remus. That's a phone, Mom. Right. I can't hear anything, Remus. Stop calling the floor. Sorry. Sir, the moves are working out very well. The practice is four minutes times. What? And move it. It's time. What? We're going somewhere even beating the WB. Fairly. Oh, my god. Michael Jackson thing was a rating success. Hold on a second. Remus. That's the book. What's the hell you're doing with a harmonica? We're doing little so-so. Don't blame Remus. I'll jam that thing down your throat. I'm allergic. I'm allergic. I'm allergic. I'm allergic. I'm allergic. Sir, over 25 million people saw. Call my partner. Listen. Yeah. You see me? What I'm doing here? Sir, you're on the phone. I know! I'm on the phone. Do you see what I'm doing? You're a imagination. The quiet all loud. I'm moving my hands up and down. It's like a sign. I'm the puppet master. I say it. You do it. Now, box is going to air all the stuff that you cut out of a Michael Jackson interview. But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him work. That's the... that's the... that's the... puppet master. Me. Idiot. Oh. Who the... Who the... Who the... Who the... Yes, the devil. What's the hell you're doing now? It's in the flow, though. It's nothing wrong with a floor remis. What's this in my ear? That your feet is both my other ear remis. That's the phone. That's the phone remis. Get out! Get out! Get out! I hear... Yes, sir. Kill on me. Kill on me. I'm sorry, sir. Kill on me. Sorry. Kill me, softly. And what about Roberta Flack? What about her? I don't know. I just thought I'd say that because I love that song. Anyway, the votes with the 20 or more, that's all we'll give now. Greatful, dead, 24. The greatest rock performers of all time. Elvys 24, the Hoot 28, Pink Floyd 31, Respringstein 31, Kiss 32, Led Zeppelin 32, Bob Dylan 33, Frightening. Beatles 60, The Beatles. And... Look at that. It's an 80, the Game of the Ministers. Senior crew is adding out the Beatles so far with 62 and the Stones in first place with 70. You go, boy. Come on, sir. You can do it. You know... Are you not conceding again? They're gonna get your ass married. It's an 80, the Game of the Ministers. Oh, man. What a guy. That's a lucky cruise. Every week, over half the customers at Dala Matras are repeating her full customers because they'd be smart, they know that 1,800 mattress got the best brands. At this conprices, everyday, without any of the hassles, a showroom shopping, and they know what real customer service is all about. Because Dala Matras is ranked number one on the universe in overall satisfaction. 1,800 mattress has delivery down to a science. You'll never get service like this, no place else. You choose delivery date and time to fit your schedule. You get a two hour window, so you don't have to waste a whole day of your life sitting on your ass. Prens somebody shows up and Dala Matras delivers evenings. Weekends, even in holidays, even on circus. So it's easy to see why people try Dala Matras the first time. They never dream of going back to a showroom again. The lovely Miguel recently called 1,800 mattress and got the real treatment. They big, heavy duty treatment. They showed up on time, set up the new, took away the crappy smelly old bedding for free. The works, and they'll do the same for you. And for all you high-end shoppers out there, Dala Matras has a full selection to find a sped available anywhere. It's like the Seely Crown Jewel, the sort of perfect night. Simmons Royal Class and King Coel, perfect contour, and Dala Matras also carries tempered pded to famous Swedish full mattresses too. So if you're looking for a great night's sleep for months and years to come, if you're tired of sleeping on a lumpy bumpy worn out mattress do the smart thing right now, and call my good buddies at 1,800 mattress like I always do. 1,800 MATT-T-R-E-S-The-E-Z-E-N-S-Farway to get you a good mattress, and a great night's sleep for a long time or check them on a web at mattress.com 5,000 local species, 5, 60, 30 of those years come. 1,800 MATT-T-R-E-N-S-Farway Tab of penis, well congratulations, get a life. I grew up flat. By the way, so I've been given it some scores, indeed. But what do you think it is? I know that me and you can do much better go in six to ten, and not in five, a gentleman like Frankie do. I think we might be happy to get there. I think you really got out of your mind. You gotta have your weary bed, step on to time. No chance I'll go and show it to you. And I grab a dive, we'll be grapicked and get there. Why, how have you known that I'm a big buggy tool from Brooklyn High? I've been with you by a very party but you're not by time. Me and all this is not with love. No way that if we had a fight that you'd survive, would wanna hear a genetile and push a knife that scrap me to get there. I know it's going to be my fourth and fourth night. I know it's going to be my fourth and fourth night. I'm sure what you and me for me is much better to sit and ten, not by. It's only right that I should get worse leave but night. I think we might be happy to get there. What you need me now? What you need me now? What you need me now? What you need me now? What you need me now? What you need me now? What you need me now? What you need me now? What you need me now? What you need me now? What you need me now? What you need me now? What you need me now? What you need me now? What you need me now? Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story, we take a good hard stiff look in the start. Sure, they had a fair amount of wine, but man they had chung coming up areas. They were wine chung. What we were saying was that song was basically, you know, everybody have fun tonight. It's like, it's like, it's all Chinese and then like, yeah. It's a nice exclusive interview. Lang chung's lead singer Jack Hughes engages in some really pre-moant electoral masturbation. He was on. And then, all, then, then, in dance hall days, we were saying basically, you know, dance hall days. What you want to name the band, Wang Chang for, you stupid fucking girl, blast? We'll hear from the band's first manager Anthony up your uncle. Cole Jack was such a pretentious little man and his hope philosophy met the name of the band. And tonight, never before seen footage of Jack Hughes explaining himself until his head explodes. Well, the philosophy of Huang Chung seeks to find a pitch of music which conforms to the principles of cosmic order. This is the yellow bell that rings at the centre of the universe. It's a big juicy, sapping wet look at show business tonight on Inside the Behind. 151 to 560 WKM. I'll tell you one thing our polls come along just about the way I expected. Beatles third right right 60 votes stones on top 73 and sandwich right right in between number two spot. Little Seasley. Oh man. Does it for me? Pindaho. Summer time in South Florida guarantees three things he humidity in hurricanes. You know, you can't control the weather, but you can control I protect your home during hurricane season. The hurricane shutter and window shut provides the best hurricane protection anywhere. We just one call to the hurricane shutter window. Shampoo will be at your home the very next day. With a quote for hurricane shutters windows and doors, customize and engineers specifically for you and your house. The hurricane shutter window shutters. The hurricane shutter window shut. Absolutely. Not be on the soul. They'll be any written legitimate quote because when you buy from these folks. You are buying directly from the manufacturer and wholesaler. So, call them. Call her. Call her. Call her. Call her. Call her. Call her. We're going to do more. Shut up, give it up! To charge us, pay some mouthful of the source of gin or a's pants. That pipe's vulgar in our circumcised fuel will bend in case you're the legality. I'm a crazy homophole. Not that I mind it, but I'm way too old. I fantasize about fear and death. In a trist with feet learned my man-friendity. I'll just make up with gin or something. And then ask him to break my bun. Oh, there's an over again. Though I would not feel the more spoiled. And I would not be ashamed. About a gin or a mow-day union. Just bowl and then stroke it away. Boy, may kill me your nutmeg tight. You sound like a nine-year-old kid. Only a much-or-mellie guy. She don't know me. That makes me flip my wig. If gin or a was a lover of mine, I'd bury my polis' baby now. Inside is simply re-written. Though I would not feel a spoiled old. If I was not a closet of faith, That's why your gin or a mow-day union would make me feel chubby in case. Everybody follow my thousand balls. Yeah, ginger and mow-day union. That would make my sorrow pony ass kill soup. If we had a gin or a mow-day union, Then he wouldn't have to get me raped, did it? Oh, both remain shone. On the fields of battle. In so many circumstances, we're doing nation. Of a pity and cattle. Won't she know body's past? Work out gets straight with glass. And that's the best way to get rid of the pain. Oh, both remain shone. On the fields of battle. I'd bury my polis' baby now. That's why your gin or a mow-day union would make me feel chubby in case. We are burdened. We are burdened. There's a bird and we're a bird and we're a dark truth Then you have good wings on We're keeping us in the dark Oh no but I've got wings on We're far past an interest at home No need no civil rights If you have nothing to hide Don't just relax on your bed and watch the old food Why do you concern one measure the way they call the view We're a bird and we're a bird and we're a dark truth We're a bird and we're a dark truth It's a night in the dark and we're walking It's a night in the dark I want to give you a kiss You can kiss my rare end