And that is how you f*** him out! There's something happening here But what it is, pain exactly, clear There's a man with a gun over there I tell him, we've got to be where I think his time will stop Children watch that sign, I don't get everybody look what's going on His battle has been wrong And nobody's right, if everybody's wrong But we don't need to speak in their mind I get in so much resistance All behind them, I'm with stop They watch that sign, I don't have a body look what's going on What feel they for the heat? A thousand full in the street But turn, singing songs and a carry in sign Mostly say, you're a porous sign Yeah, his time will stop He watched that sign, I don't have a body look what's going on Yes There are lawyers, tracks, these They're to your life, it will free The stops when you're always afraid Just a bad line, the man come and take you away We've got to stop, hear what's that sign I'll never buy that look what's going on We've got to stop, hear what's that sign We've got to stop, hear what's that sign We've got to stop, hear what's that sign Well, the difficulty that's occurred here, Alison, is that the original plan Which sort of featured this sweep of military power Ruring up to Baghdad Was to be followed almost immediately by humanitarian aid It was designed to win the hearts of the Iraqi people To bring in water, to bring in food, drugs, medicine Generators to keep electricity going All of that has been put on hold Because of these pockets of resistance that make the area too dangerous The difficulty here is the Iraqi people are very suspicious of the western world Very suspicious of the outcome of this war In terms of their own livelihood And of course, many Iraqis very suspicious of the United States Because of what they see as an even a treatment in foreign policy For Islamic peoples and indeed the Arab nations in the region And what we're seeing is that there are no significant crowds of jubilant Iraqis To the contrary, we're finding a lot of complaints Say the White House here from citizens who say that their children Are suffering that people who've been injured in conflict are not being treated Clearly the president wants to get on top of that as quickly as possible Also as people talk about the humanitarian aid and these problems They start to see some of the holes that are potentially problems in post war Iraq And when this supplement came out, Alison, it had the money that you've talked about in large amounts But very little money going to Iraq, something in the order of 543 million dollars in humanitarian aid Wable what the UN and the NGO say is necessary And very little money, 1.7 billion, that sounds like a lot But when you consider the reconstruction that needs to be done Quite small for the future and the criticism is starting to melt for the president on that Today he'll deal with that when he's over at the Pentagon And of course when British Prime Minister Paul gets here, then he intends of course to talk more But the humanitarian aid and the solutions that the two men will have We're just really getting over and over to what it And Iraq has some methods of past destruction 3,000 people killed, Arnafbergot, left exploitive instead Eight there's oil to be cotton going after some time to play Kato Sama There's no longer mention of the name in lawless, but no it seems concerned And all of the incomplaceted believe in every word of this cartelic administration That controls the spiked beer through media manipulation and a right wing And thrilling it over and over into our heads And Iraq has some weapons of past destruction The loss of civil rights is the rights that were paid We're all suspects now, not the ash property's seen I have nothing to hide, table-talkers all are safe I know Bittian Kato don't have any reservation, bow down provoked battle ends We're the nihilization, over jeans must fall And have a virgin in stoke with no objection at all Till the prep known have the palms and the right wing And thrilling it over and over into our parade waspens Iraq has some weapons of past destruction Only eyes racked as some weapons of past destruction There's only yellow people Kills and people So anyway our group post personal friendly and reminded me of a column by Molly Ivins back in September September 4th 2002 to be exact just a few months ago Okay, Cheney Lank nonsense VP boosted Saddam, Molly wrote and it's worth reading again I may be reading several bedtime stories today by the way Alright! Anybody don't like it? Too freaking bad Just like anybody don't like our opinions on this show, too freaking bad Finally before we get to this article Congratulations to Felipe and wife who win our hot couple contest hands down your pants Oh! 47% of votes paid over 650 votes on that not too shabby, huh? And well deserved 300 and they yes they had to do it Of course Right Not saying a word we appreciate all the other four couples as well Now I'm free Just a little bit Huh? The email from Felipe says I'm an average looking guy but my wife is really hot So I think we have a chance No, I give him an 8 and I give her about a 9 and a half And we have more pictures of hers that we can feature we don't agree with that Absolutely I give him what did I say? I give him an 8 and a half and her about a 9 and a half I don't want to sell him a shirt Yeah But anyway, he's got to a they've got 300 and 8 votes And they win the first prize which is which is a all inclusive past of the lifestyle's convention Going on in the Doveville hotel starting to grow A 400 and almost five times I've all started talking to much that guy I'll call him I know it's going ahead So all inclusive past of all the seminars all the parties all the pool events and such and so on Okay honey and her man came in second with 134 votes That's honey with the beer boobs Monica and her man had 96 monica never dawned on me About Monica, you know? What? And we and Diane had 91 and last but certainly not least Bob and 18 had 26 Very nice couple Yeah nice couple and he has the Henry and I had 91 and the other two Bob and 18 and 206 We apologize to them for the audience being so cruel and brutal Okay, they don't have all those friends to free the poll apparently Is that what it is? I guess Maybe they don't have any friends Maybe that's everybody's got something They all win something They all won a dance Dance in their party in the house Okay And on our regular pool if the dancing ever there it is A regular pool question on the arangers.com Yes today 1556 vote eight votes pretty impressive Yes me which of these statements Vesas grabs your feeling about the rack attack It's all about oil and world domination 488 It's long overdue. Let's roll All right 422 27 It's a grotesque waste of human life 236 Iraq represented no threat to the USA 208 It's mostly political 149 and it's about liberating the Iraqi people 36 56 So if you add the 56 plus the 27 of 30.5% Say that's something good about the roar on the attack on Iraq And then in 69.5% said they don't think so I mean like that And as I mentioned you before to show any Seattle post and tell them sir news paper yesterday They took a poll and the free paris from free republic dot com I've nothing better to do than hey let's creep this poll which of course they're all a bunch of right Winger so naturally you know the way they're going to tilt everything To whatever the bush might do tells them but interesting enough even having been free Late yesterday afternoon which is last time I checked it about 3000 votes 58.7% said it said the question was now that the war started do you support the Iraq war or not? 50.7% said yesterday supported 35.1% of pose 4.6% not sure at 1.5% said no opinion In other words it kind of related to Greg. Yeah, how can you have no opinion? Not sure is bad enough but but anyway 58.8% so if you take away even just 3% which I'm sure was more than that because once the assholes start creeping polls They're like banging in the phony votes. Okay. We've experienced So if you take away 3% it's 55.5.38% which is sure that's only in Seattle A grant you in one little poll but nevertheless it sure a lot different from the propaganda that were being pedalol 76% American support this crap sure that's on the left coat. Yeah, that's right on the left coast. Forget about that one of those little coming pinko effect places. Oh no let me forget the molly ovens column. Oh trust me. I won't 12 minutes past nine and five 60 WDQ. We got a lot of business today and we got a good poll I think too. And probably have some more added to it. I would think. If you have $2,000 more on a credit card listen to this please. David can consumer counseling will help you it will cost you nothing. That's right. It'll cost you zippo. Debited is a nonprofit company that will contact the companies you will money to and then they'll cut your payments in half. Call 1-800-4 I can't say this right 1-800-4 no debt. That's 1-800-4 and the letters n-o-d-e-b-t got Pricated will help you cut your interest rate to eliminate late fees and save your credit and it'll cost you nothing. The bank plays debicated you pay zero. So if you're tired of battling credit card debt call debicated in 1-800-4 no debt. Call and find out how debicated can help you out yet. And I'm not nothing lose if you've had with credit card debt high interest rates and late fees call debicated consumer counseling in the handle of it from there. Call right now 1-800-4 no debt and don't forget to cost you zippo. 5-800-4 this is 5-60. 3-800-4 you're the fuck you in. Holy cow, Aaron's coming on actually a lesbian. It's 24. Name that 2. This was top Kennedy. I have a million dollar jackpot. Let's meet our finalists right now. Mr. Duff Lindsey. Thank you. I'm a little nervous right now. The whole company nervous. You did fine last week. This should be a breeze. All right. Let's get you that million dollar jackpot. Are you ready for the first two? Yes. I have been practicing all week. Okay. Then here we go. May we hear the first two, please. Thank you. Yeah. I'm going to have an egg-norton. You are correct. So, you don't believe it. Okay. This is the big moment. You can quit now or keep yours. Oh no. I want to go for it to head for the million dollar jackpot. Very well. For one million dollars. Name this 2. Yeah. Yeah. What is something wrong, huh? Maybe you didn't hear it right? Yeah. Again, for Mr. Lindsey. Okay. Get that sauce. I didn't know most of these level 3 students. He sounds like I mean the duck. Huh. Any sound like one of those 3 students? Chef. Maybe you can do that morning show, wouldn't. Our friends, 1918 at 5.60WC, here's our poll for today before I get to the Molly Ivins piece. Which outspoken entertainer do you respect most of their viewpoints? This coming on the heels of the Oscars and the big to do about why they're not supposed to say anything because it's bad for him. Why don't I? I would not have come near our time yesterday about the whole series of Hollywood people, Martin Sheen and Matt Damon and a bunch of others who had come out against the war. And so the right wing groups naturally get together more they do. They send letters to the Hollywood screen actors of the Golden all of these other Hollywood organizations to try to boycott them. Shades of the 50s maybe were right back to Joe McCarthy. He'd be so proud. He's probably squeezing himself or maybe squeezing Roy Cohen. We each other's grave, you know, reaching through the box. Pretty God damn said. And it was interesting because yesterday, Matt, though, the first 30 seconds because I wanted to hear his take on a war and all what's going on. And he was talking about, oh, you know, he likes what he sees in America, you know, freedom of speech. Everybody can say their thing. And I thought to myself, stick to the sports, Matt, well, yeah. Good. Stick to the sports. Anyway, which outspoken entertainer do you respect most of their viewpoints? Here's my list so far. Charlton Heston. And then probably get your vote. Wouldn't it? No, yeah. So what do you have to wait on the pitch? Martin Scheme, Susan Surrandon, Michael Moore, Matt Damon, Roy Shiter, Barbara Stryson, Rosie O'Donnell, Bill Mar, Mike Ferrell, none. They should all shut up. I didn't put that on Euro. We got to add that. Okay. And then we can add some more depending on, you know, whether the audience wants to add some or not. As the case may be. Well, who else has been opening up a mouth? Well, I don't know. That's why that's my list. I'm sure that there must be others. Seems pretty thorough. Not saying we're not asking, and I wore protests. We're just asking a lot of people in show business who are expressive. You point about guns on, oh, we don't wore on anything. I'd Charlie Daniels on there because he weighed in on it. Charlie Daniels? Yeah. What the hell did he say? He was blasting the Dixie chicks and all the Hollywood celebrities because he's all, you know, fly away from now. Oh, well, look at the Dixie chicks eventually. Okay. And a clear channel story. Oh, what a disgusting story that it is. She on there. He is who on there. Did Dixie chicken question that got them into all the hot water? Gosh, you should be, I think. Well, what's her name? Natalie Mainz. Natalie, what? Mainz. Mainz? Mainz. What kind of a name is that? Well, by the way, anybody who likes passions, you must watch it this afternoon. Okay. We got the divorce court on there with a real judge. What the hell is the name of the judge? She's a hoot, maybe something or other from the real divorce court show? I don't know. I just mentioned that in passing for my passions people out there. T.C. and E.H. are on the, it's all of course a dream, but nevertheless it's cute. Cheney Link nonsense writes Molly Ivins VP boosted Saddam. She says, excuse me. I don't want to be tacky when anything but hasn't it occurred anyone in Washington that sending Vice President Dixie to jump in an invasion of Iraq on the grounds that Saddam Hussein is a murderous dictator is somewhere between bad traced and bad taste and flaming hypocrisy? When Dixie and E.H.E.O. the oilfield supply from Haliburton, the company did $23.8 million in business with Saddam Hussein, the evil doer prepared to share his weapons of mass destruction with terrorists. So if Saddam is the world's worst leader, how come Cheney sold him the equipment to get his dilapidated oilfields up and running, so it could afford to build weapons of mass destruction? In 1998, the United Nations passed a resolution allowing Iraq to buy spare parts for its oilfields, but other sanctions remained in place in the U.S. as consistently pressured to when to stop exports of medicine and other needs to supplies on the grounds they could have dual use. As the former Secretary of Defense under Bush the elder, Cheney was in particularly vulnerable position on the hypocrisy of doing business with Iraq, although in 1991 after the Gulf War, Cheney told a group of oil industry executives he was infatently against trying to topple Hussein. Using two subsidiaries, Dresher ran an ingress-all Dresher, Haliburton helped rebuild Saddam's war damaged oilfields. The combined value of these contracts for parts in Equimmo is greater than that of any other American company doing business with Iraq, companies including Shots on Bershave, Flowsurf, Fisher, Rose Moth General, Lecker, the active two foreign subsidiaries are associated companies in France, Belgium, Germany, India, Switzerland, Bahrain, Egypt and the Netherlands. In several cases it's clear the European companies did no more than loan their names to American firms for the purpose of dealing with Hussein, Iraq then became America's second largest Middle East oil supplier. The story was initially reported by Financial Times of London over two years ago, and has since been more extensively reported in London press, but as we've seen with the case of Harkin energy and many other stories, there's a difference between a story having been reported and having attention being paid to it, but a stakes in an age journalist have trouble with. Thus the administration was able to dismiss the new information on shady dealings at Harkin as old news, because not much attention was ever paid when the old news was new. When Chini left Halibut and received a $34 million severance package, despite the fact that the single biggest deal of his five-year career there, the acquisition of presser industries turned out to be a huge blunder since the company came several with the best-less liability. On the campaign trail, Chini often claimed he'd been out in the private sector creating jobs, the first thing he did after Dressor merger was lay off 10,000 people. Halibut America's number one oil services company is the nation's stiff largest military contractor in the biggest non-unim employer in the US, and in Fussmore than 100,000 workers worldwide and does over $15 billion a year. Halibut and under Chini dealt with several brutal dictatorships including the despicable government of Burma, the company also played questionable roles in Algeria and Golub Bosnia, Croatia, Haiti, Somalia, Indonesia. Halibut and also had dealings with Iran and Libya both on the State Department's list of terrorist states. Halibut and subsidiary Brown and Ruth, the old Texas construction firm that does much business for the US military, was fine 3.8 million dollars for re-exporting goods to Libya in violation of US sanctions. If you want to know what Democrats didn't jump all over the story, make a big deal out of it because, as usual, Democrats are involved in similar dealings. Former CIA director John Dooch is on the board of slumber Jay, the second largest oil services firm after Halibut, which is also doing business with the rack through subsidiaries. Americans have long been aware that the corporate money is consistently corrupted, the domestic policy and favor of corporate interest in that both parties are in troll to huge corporate campaign donors. We are less accustomed to connecting the dots when it comes to foreign policy, but there's no more evidence that corporations pay attention to anything other than profits, and therefore in dealings than they do in their domestic deals. And Ron is usual, provides some test for examples of how in different human rights American companies can be, Halibut and Dealing's in Algeria and partnership with Shell and Chevron provide another such example, including gross violations of human rights and environmental abuses. No one is ever going to argue that Saddam Hussein is a good guy, but Deccany is not the right man to make the case against him. I've never understood why the Washington Press Corps cannot remember anything for longer than ten minutes, but Harry Cheney denounced Saddam as truly give us a break time. Ron Molly Ivins back on September 4th of last year. Very well worth the bringing back. Thanks, Lynn. How do you like that? I mean, I've consistently made reference to that fact, but there you go. More your homilies. That's what Dr. Laura would say. And of course, some of the others come e-fag lies. Don't forget that. You're a homosexual agenda. Well, somebody facts me a great website. Dear red dot blog spot dot com. Red is our AED. Dear red dot blog spot dot com. And it's a guy in Baghdad who's got his own website, which is very unusual because most people don't have access to dinner and don't have computers obviously. But this is pretty interesting stuff on it. And it's written from the viewpoint of somebody inside the city who's living in Baghdad. I'm going to read it a little bit of that. He wants to drag heads who cares what he has to say. Exactly. What we'd rather hear the propaganda. Right. I just want to put out this from the BBC. You said at the beginning that despite the weather, you were able to maintain an increased pressure on those Republicans and guard divisions around Baghdad. Does the fact that you have these ferocious sandstones make it more difficult for you to fly the Apache's, which you're key part of that, softening out process? But the fact that those divisions appear to be a rick-scattered about rather than classical array, scattered about perhaps poster civilian areas. I mean, this is a very nefarious process. How long do you think it'll take to achieve your objectives? Well, not really going to talk about how long I think it'll take. I'll tell you that certainly the weather, the blowing sand and dust and winds do affect the Apache's. But as I mentioned earlier in my comments, that this is an integrated synergistic approach. And we have the flexibility to be able to refocus additional air power, who can use the kinds of precision weapons that aren't hampered. A lot of blowing going on those big dust storms over the sandstorm. If you blow too much, you're in trouble. You've been tearing you then. 27 after 9 at 560 WQM if you're fat man, you'd not only grow test-looking, but also your unhealthy. And believe me, take it from me, eventually it'll catch up with you. If you want to lose the weight, the delicious to save the easy way, do what the beast is doing. And someday soon you might just look as lovely as him. We can only pray. And that he's lost almost 60 pounds in balance for life, and you can lose that much. Maybe you don't have that much to lose. You know, 10, 15, 20, 60, 100 whatever it is. I don't have to pick with anything, but it could be that. You don't have to figure anything out because they do well on that for you. No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting. It's all based on the zone diet and believe me, the food is fresh, it's delicious, they bring you a little black sack every day. By 6 o'clock in the AM as a matter of fact, they deliver right to your door at your home at your work at your pub tent, where it'll onto the overpass, wherever you're hanging out. And in that black sack, three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks, right inside, all you need for the entire day. And you won't be hungry because there's plenty like I said in there. They let you choose between two choices for each meal, every day that you run a program, everything is fresh, nothing frozen, nothing pre-fat, no chemicals, and the issues and the wages pours off the body. So if you're frustrated, if you tried all the others and haven't been able to lose the weight, if you're still like sickly and fat, here's the answer for your balance for life. This could be the answer you've been looking for. Call him today and find out, call balance for life at 9.5.4. 5.6.8.32.29. That's 9.5.4.5.6.8.32.29 or visit their website. And balance for life.com. Asgers! Huh? I can't forget you when someone done a strong. We didn't take their crap. In Pearl Harbor, when the jabs drop their bombs, we'd follow them bad. And now the shodding is, they hit a sign. And on our cars, our little flat swing. As that's all, they love and re-tired voice of honors the wrong way. For the rules and of embarrassed to be in America, where they follow rules like change. New diamond states of arrogance, that by poor chenish value, we think I'm just country- Up, gambling doors, the darkest days in my history. I don't want to be a tax-a-marre man. In the goddamn USA. What's a few thousand innocent lives stop living in the mess? If you want that SUV to drive, you're gonna need more gas. It's the greatest country in the world. They train us too, will we? And then they want to say that, obviously, and so forward to be. And that's how embarrassed to be in America, where we paid free off of it, we insured way of flagging with us with our head in the sand. They blindly follow the powers that be, have the fed tick. Up, watching states from you who's on a 65 and scream, scratch your balls and pie, everything's okay. In the goddamn USA. Don't let America. 934 or 560, nobody QA and happy Tuesday to have a beautiful by the there, fine under the 100. Both the temperature and the average age, you finally got under 100, and so forth, that's good least for today. What do you think? Like in the 50s gonna be again, today, beautiful. Not so beautiful and bagged, that doughin' in most of your rack. I rack. Yeah, who cares about that? Sandstorms and nasty and rain, and they said even maybe hail. They say, how are the other day? The likes of which I never saw. Really? Yeah. I heard about that. Stuck in the traffic, I thought they were gonna bust through my windshield. Moa, grab a few, we thought they were golf balls. Anyway, we better take this one call, maybe it's just a suggestion for the pool for a lot of day, I'll hello. Any of you, are you? Okay, sir. Real quick, a couple of things. First of all, I just want to let you out. I've been listening to you since I was about 13 years old for about 15 years now, just love your show. Oh, right. One of the ones I thought is just pretty ironic, is that anyone who I, you know, we always talk about a melting pot in this country, but anyone has any slightly different opinion on what should or shouldn't be done than whatever it tells us to. It's like, get out of the country. And how many kids do you like it, leave it? Exactly. I got to show you've seen and then probably talked about that, that female basketball player who turns her back at the during the national anthem. Sure. You know, everyone's in the heat. Don't give it or nothing, but a bunch of crap. Right. That's another thing. You know, Mandog talks about, wow, you know, America, everybody's got to write to express their opinion. And that doesn't mean everybody's got to like it, but at least respect the fact they've got to write to do it as opposed to trying to like, grow, beat them and abuse them, just because you don't have to agree with their opinion or the way they express it. Exactly. I think that's probably the one thing that's, most people would agree on on the one thing that's actually should be good about this touch. You should be able to say what you feel. Well, like I said yesterday, the fact that we have to keep repeating that this stage of the game in the year 2003, you'll think by now that already should be taken for granted. Exactly. You know, what's funny is I remember George Carlin once had a line. He said he's not a very good American because he likes the form his own opinion. If you have anyone, you know, like that, they pretty much, you know, like to run you out of town. Yeah. Real quick, suggestion for the boy. I heard the very end of it. I don't know if you had this guy on here with Sean Tan. No, that's right. I don't really leave him off. Right. Because I know he's been very big. But he's been lost through against the Hollywood producer, the movie that they cancel. He's going to be relatively. Exactly. One of those were the last thing you know, first of all, so the circus and secret service is coming after you for your, for your last, I rate on Dick Cheney. But finally, closing, I want to ask you, I love the first two eyes and her bits. I've heard the very, very tail end of the last one. And didn't know if you'd be able to play in the next half hours, the lives of the actor. Well, you got a man. Love you, Neil. Have a great day. I love you. I love crazy. Not Eisner himself, just Mickey and his thing. And we love the blue bird. And he missed. Anyway, here's this thing. And the guy's name is Raeid. I couldn't pronounce it because it was like in the middle of a website. I guess that's the guy's name. Our AED. He's a rakey. And he's in Baghdad. He lives there. What a concept. So, and unfortunately, people lives two day. Huh? People live there? Five million. I see. You two. The last two days, he didn't have an in an access. So the last, uh, little chronicle he's got on. Who was from three, twenty three, which was Sunday. And just a little perspective on from him from somebody who lives there. What's going on around him? He says we start counting the hours from the moment of the news channels report that the V 52s have left their airfield. It takes him around six hours to get to a rack. On the first day of the bombing, it worked precisely. Yesterday, we were a bit surprised that after six hours, bombs didn't start full of our available. While buying groceries, the woman who sells us the vegetables was talking to another about the approach of American armies to an job city, and about what's happening at home, cosar and basura. If home cosar is so difficult to control, what's going to happen when they get to Baghdad? It'll turn ugly here in this is very worrying. People and I've been allied forces were expecting things to be much easier. There are no waiting masses of people walking in the Americans, nor are they surrendering by the thousands. People are doing what all of us sitting in their homes, hoping that a bomb doesn't fall on them and keeping their doors shut. The smoke columns have now encircled Baghdad, almost the winds blow generally to the east, which leaves the western side of Baghdad clear. But when it comes in the way of the sun it covers it totally. It's a very thick cloud. We're going to have some very dark days, literally. We still have electricity, some areas in Baghdad don't have after last night's attack, running water and phones are working. Yesterday, many leaflets dropped on Baghdad. While going around in the streets, I got lucky. I have two. After being so on kind of the people at industry, deathrock.com, I don't know whether I should post images or not. And we've also had another email attack. This time I was lucky again, and have copies of these. The sender is someone called, whatever. I've not checked on these yet. Three of them are to be our, to army personnel and to our general public, and those that they gave us radio frequencies, we're supposed to listen to. They're calling it information radio. So that's just a little perspective. I've got who lives inside of Baghdad. And of course they sit more, put more oil in the trenches today, and they were showing a little while ago, the billowing black smoke up out of the air. Gotta be really good for lungs, you know what I'm saying? But at any rate, you know what they say? We're liberating them. And that's correct. 19, 2010 at 560, WDQM, where we dare to speak our god day in minds whether anybody likes you're not the billboard, I understand it's still up there. I like that whether Donner Shalayla, or not, stick it, don, okay? To use sweetheart. Idiot. He don't be like Saddam Hussein. If you find yourself at a dead end, job pickup the phone call fast drain. Call 1, 866 fast drain to get started in a new high paying computer job. Unless you're hiding under your desk and cruise missiles are landing around you. There's no excuse, no, no, no, call fast drain. 1, 866 fast drain. They offer convenient day evening weekend classes. Check them out on the web at fast drain.com and get out from that dead end job. Unlike dictators computer professionals are in high demand. Call fast train today. And no matter where you live, there's gotta be convenient location for you because they're all over town. They're in Miami, Kindle, timber pines and Fort Lauderdale too. Register at fast train.com to receive your free American bumper sticker. Pick up the phone call fast train today. In fact, if I had one of those, I'd like to plan it right on Todd Rex. I'd like to call fast train. Tole free today. 1, 866 fast train. This is sports when you're bicycle. You a yeah. You got to be right on fuel. What are you looking for? I'm looking for a radical station. Why a radical? You have a kid. I'm just won't fill up a way from a county in the flue's bottle head dog. You're a rabbit-go dealer. Want you to know that we're your eternal friends. Just fill your tank with a rabbit-go and get a 911 commemorative bubble head dog for only 995. You'll get a tort w Dick Cheney. Cali been the fools and sop in the grove. Kindle leaves a rise. All come with a complimentary cardboard pulled out by a ram of around zero. Kids will love placing the bubble head dog on top of where the buildings fell. I plan to iron the sold separately. Collect the entire car-liled roof. Improve your cars performance with a rubber coal. And put a shot at that wrist in your tank. Oh, rock! He didn't say condolese into the idea. I do hear a thing. 946 at 560. Anyway, we've got 103 votes on a pull. But he needs a matter of moments. And we don't have Sean Pen on there. Come on, Carlos. Get a record on a ball, William. He's taking care of it right now. It's not to put down a goddamn double burrito. With extra cheese. And beans. Put it down, Eric. Anyway, which outspoken entertainer do you respect most for their viewpoints? None of them. They should all shut up 38. See, I don't, I mean, I put that on there because I knew it would get a lot of votes. But I understand that. Why can't they have an opinion? And why was there such a serious, such paranoia at the end of the night at the Oscars? Why would they sort of, I realized they'd asked them not to get too carried away. But why would they so psychotic about that? Remember when the Marlon Brando did the thing with the lady in girl? Right? And didn't George C. Scott do some also, I forget what he did, right? Well, they don't like it. Bad for getting stuff crap. They have a right to have an opinion. Anyway, none. They should all shut up 42. Michael Moore 40. Let's hear it for Michael Moore. Oh. Chuck Heston 10. They love Chuck Heston. Right, William. Charlie, a Martin Schene, six. Bill Mar for. Uh, Susan Saran in a pair. Rosie O'Donnell's got a big pair. Barbara Strasins got two cross dies. Charlie Daniels has one. Natalie mains from the Vixie Tixas. One of my forl one. None for Roy Shied. And none for Matt Damon. And none for Roy Shondpanya. Cause he just went up there out of 111 votes real quick. I remember they had, we had a call yesterday. And a call was talking about the beach fest. Yes. I was complaining. I was lamenting the fact that here we have these hundreds of thousands of people protest. All over the world in major cities just about everywhere. And he made the comment that here we had just a handful of protestors in South Florida with a weekend. But there were 300,000 people at beach fest. Now I had forgotten about this because it was at least a couple of weeks ago that I had the story about beach fest. And what it was going to be about this. So we had a last Louis Palau. Right. Right. And put it on the website. Well, let me do that in a second. Should we do the lady first? Yeah. Yeah. Hi Neil. Yes, man. Would you consider putting Robert Redford on their place? Okay. On the environment, he's really good. Do you remember when he wrote that letter to Gil Norton? She had asked him to be part of a condor release program. And he wrote letter saying your record on the environment is visible. A bit, I will not be part of photo app. I have a poll Newman. Paul Newman. I'm not too familiar with his work, but I can following Redford. And I think he's great for the environment. Okay. It's on thanks. Thank you so much. Robert Redford, both three of my chanctivist. The environment and the poll Newman anti war. It's set up in so on. Get in both on the right way. Carlos. Anyway, this story about the beach face is just staggering to me. This is really frightening for South Florida. I don't think there's any hope. Evangelist Louis Palau prayed for captured dead American troops. That had during Beachfest in Fort Lardadale, which rivaled the largest US Ruvables according to police protestants. I saw the pictures from it. But I thought it was like a, like a festival, like a, you know, just a beach thing. Like Beach Black at Bingo, you know, okay. You see what I'm saying? But that's how they presented it. They had TV ads, vanners everywhere. Bumper stickers, signs, and people's yards postcards. But that's not what it was. I know. Please bless America. Fest organizer Palau prayed is 24 by 16. Foot flag was unfold on the stage. Sunday after an undering a patriotic salute to a nation at war. He asked God to protect the troops as well as Iraqi innocence. People they described as being just like Americans are money. Peace and a better life for their children. He also pleaded with the thousands thronging to hear his message to put aside their political differences and pray for American leaders to make wise decisions. When's that going to start? Even if they make mistakes, Palau urged the crowd to pray that they turned to God for Wisdom. Oh, God. The Pomeris estimate by Fort Lardadale police that 300,000 out of 10 the festival over two days would make it one of the largest such religious events ever comparable to Billy Graham drawing more than 250,000 for example, in his 48th, of El Crusade in 2000. Police said they'd revise their beach fest attendance numbers to about 200,000 on Saturday because of a huge turnout for Palau's evening message in popular Christian bands. That would be more than double the previous record of 85,000 attended one day at one of Palau's Faith festivals in Seattle. Are you ready for this in Greta? Although an afternoon downforce geared off many festival goers Sunday, thousands stayed for a popular Christian band, skateboarding and a chance to see dolphins football players for Lardadale police sergeant Frank Miller estimated 100,000 attended Sunday. God as it works said Mike Blackhalla for Lardadale noting that hundreds had professed their newfound faith during the festival. Oh, my God. Oh. Oh. Oh. It just, you know, it makes you want to cry. It makes you want to just sit down and cry. Since the 911 terrorist attacks, Palau said Americans have become more spiritual, more than a 4 million becoming Christians. The war and the reports of American casualties have also renewed interest in their faith. Well, you know, I'll say just like I did after 911, where's your God right now? Where's Allah? Where's God? Where's Elohim? Where's the sidelines? Reading the paper team? I see. They're bitten on who's going to win a guy named MCWA, so my God. I'm sorry, I shouldn't say that. You're God. Wow. Hey, don't tell him. I'm asking the obvious questions and saying, what kind of a loving God would sit back and on his throne or whatever it is sitting on the pole? And permit this kind of crap to go on is suffering. Seeing these pictures that we're seeing on television, now that we have this video where kind of game a video game kind of wars. And more people are believing in God? Wow. There's no hope there really isn't. You just have to like I've told you for a long time. Do the best you can live your life, try to like be left alone. And that's it. That's all you can do. So I really respect these people because they have a lot to lose these entertainers. They're making millions of dollars. They had a lot to lose, but they don't give a crap. Like Michael Moore especially. He don't give a crap. He came up here to Toronto to make the movie. He doesn't care because he couldn't get made down there. Bowling for Columbine. It couldn't get made in the US. How do you like that? And then he wins an Oscar for it. Michael Moore's got 57 votes. None. They should all shut up 54. Chuck Heston's got 11. Martin, she made them in the spotlight. And then the spotlight is after that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon level. Interspersed plenty of calls today. Won't we? Couple. If we get them. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Yes. Good morning. How are you? Yes sir. Okay. I've been listening on an awful last couple of days. I don't know if you mentioned the poll that was in the USA today on Friday. No. Where Godfather was picked as the best olfine movie. Really? Yeah. It's an offer you couldn't refuse. They had from generations, like the 30s or 40s and such and such and they went against each other. And the Godfather won with 1,643 votes. Oh right. Actually. Yeah. They had, I could read with all the votes. And gladiated with number two. Gone to the win was number three. Top of block was four. Family music five. Shinnler's with six. All about Eve, all quiet on the left in front and out of Africa. Which, uh, could we? People that have the Godfather or a weekend on John Puff. Well that's what I hear Carlos said that he watched the Godfather 100 hours over the weekend. Yeah. On all the time. Because then on other things Neil, it just gets ridiculous with these people. I drive a cab and I couldn't even get anywhere on the beach on Saturday and Sunday because I just had a avoid all of them. All of the humble and all of the craziness with all of these good Christians running around. I, uh, doesn't it just amazing? Well, where does all of this come from? 300,000 people? You know, I really don't want it. I mean, here we go. We have a war going on. Their innocent men women and children who are dying. There's this massive debate about this all around the world. There are hundreds of thousands. There are millions of people protesting every weekend all over the world. And we've got 300,000 people in South Florida that show up for religious festival. While I handful a few hundred show up to protest the war would make some comment about it one way or the other. Something is wrong in his thumb. I've been telling you that for years, there's something wrong here. These people are lost. They're looking for something. And, uh, I myself personally believe that you could be spiritual without being tied into any specific religious message or whatever. It's all what you believe yourself. I'm like, well, you say you just do want others to do no harm. But, uh, it's ridiculous because these people try and, you know, tell you that you're wrong. They're right. And if you don't listen to what they have to say, but you know what, Neil? Just keep on putting up the good five. Keep going. Keep going. I want you to go and I want you to go to the message. You know what, Tommy Frank said? What are you going to do? Nice college boy, yeah. They want me to make this up in the family business. And now you want to go down to police. Captain, why does he slap you in a face a little bit? What do you think this is? The army will issue them a mile away. You got to get a post like this. But I'm being uploaded friends all over the United States. Really soon. Come in. Ah, you're taking a spedty question. Ha ha ha. Great. Oh, that is. And I think one thing, those people are trying to all the work coverage, the dark side. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Yeah. If you want to get off the dark side, all the way, this kind of dark. It's filmed kind of dark. I've got a father one. But, uh, just get the trilogy, okay? Go out there and get the CD, the video tapes, the DVD, the DVDs, whatever you're at. And just to lock yourself in the house for 24 hours. Excellent entertainment. Even if you've seen it all before, because once you start watching it, you can't turn it off. Yeah, I had that problem this weekend. Could have leaped off. I've seen all three of them about 7,000 times. And if I just happen to be channel surfing this on or somewhere, I cannot shut it off. 9. 56 at 5. 60 WQM for years. I've been talking about the health benefits of oldio men. I keep telling you because it's great stuff. It really works. I'm taken it from my blood pressure. It's too pennedess. Oldio men soft shells contain pharmaceutical grade olive oil. The best you can buy and I just regular olive oil. But super concentrated and loaded with all kinds of healthy things. Oldio men everyday can help reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol. Plus there are 14 different oldio men formulas for you to choose from. Each one combines pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins, minerals, herbal, to support specific needs. From your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system. Just pick out the formulas that are right for use. And now there are three new oldio men formulas. One to help you sleep. One to help you control your weight and sell Q10 which is outstanding and important for your heart. You'll find oldio men at publicsacreds wall greens, whole food markets, devars and sedanos. Or if you like order it online at oliomedamerica.com. If you want to get any more information about their products, no obligation. Just call them toll free. Ask away. 1. 866. Audio men. That's 1. 866. 6. 5. 6. 6. 5. 7. 7. 5. 8. 5. 8. 10. 9. 9. 8. 9. 8. 8. 9. 8. 9. 8. 9. 16. figures with each wiper, fries, and super-lies, drink, and that's a super-lives drink. No exceptions. Get Sony in his favorite garbage can, so you can beat the crap out of Carloe after he punches out Sony's sister or get the bullet riddle body of Sony after he gets it at the Jersey toll boot. Wow, isn't that great? Impress all your friends with the Don himself. I'll make him an offer. He can't or fear. So start organizing your neighborhood now and get the Godfather action figures. Remember, it's only business and it's at Burger King. And if Locked 560 WKM the Mad Dog will be a long and one, stick to the sports Mad Dog William? Oh, right. Good. Hey Goldberg at the Nasdaq 10 tournament 3, we got the Heroku and Hotline at 7. Orlando, I'll secure it the big 8-10, and get 10 in Joe and Mark overnight. No ball games, no more homo hockey game tonight for the Panthers to lose again. It'll be in Buffalo at the Marnight. 41 lost in New Jersey again last night, 7 consecutive. What is it about 99 out of the last 100 at home? They just, I don't know. More than grandos speaking of the Godfather bad news since it is kind of partly tabloid Tuesday to be able to on to just take to the war stuff. Marlon Brando suffering heart failure. Oh, you ought to see this picture. Oh my god. He's got away like 800 pounds. This is in the inquirers of matter facts. So when you go to Europe, publics or Walgreens, you have to buy the Sunpade 6. Marlon Brando suffering heart failure. Family fears his days are numbered. You know how many's got left? About 30 men. I think you're being optimistic from this picture. Wow. Tahitian common law wife Torrita flew to Brando's bedside after he told her that he is dying. He said, the Sun would yell at me. Marlon Brando is suffering from congestive heart failure and is on oxygen, and family failure is only weak to live. But in the Sun, you could be right because for weak to know how many of these that is. But turn man. Yeah. But when the legendary actor who turned 79 April 3rd, we hope was totally needed to be hospitalized if he spotted with his own brand of gallows humor saying, over my dead body. Cute, huh? Yeah. If his days are numbered, Marlon seems to be intent on dying in his home where he's lived for many years of family friend told the inquirer. More than a month, he's been receiving oxygen to help him breathe. He was told by a doctor who came to visit that he had congestive heart failure. And again, I just can't even imagine why. I just, you've got to see this picture. It'll make you want to cry. Another source told the inquirer, Marlon is in really bad shape in his family is very afraid. He may not live much longer. They're taking a matter of a few. They're talking a matter of a few weeks. Marlon spends his days lying on his side and bed watching television or reading magazines. He's not saying much and refuses to eat because he has no appetite. Maybe he's got no room left. I think he's still stubborn refusing to be admitted to a hospital. He barked. I don't want to be a spectacle with the medical staff coming in all the time. Look at you like you're a cage animal. I'll just die here at home with some of my dignity intact. The wheelchair was recently delivered to Marlon's home from Linncare. The same company that brought oxygen tanks to his home on a weekly basis. Four tanks are normal. Anything over that is considered critical. Marlon is using eight of them. He's connected 24 hours a day. Oh, paid six of this week's national inquirer. Take a look at poor Marlon. Looks like somebody made him an off-recutting refused. I didn't refuse. And then of course you insist on sending me these priest sex abuse stories. I think it's a duty. Huh? I never even got to the one from yesterday. I still haven't here. Maybe you do it all priest day. Now, come on. I don't know what's going on. We're making progress. He did say that new waterline into the, into the Bosra area. Things of that kind are going to be very, very welcome. Because this campaign as you know, Allison was designed to get rid of, weapons of mass destruction. There's a regime change, but also to win the hearts and minds of the Iraqi people. And they desperately need that humanitarian aid to make that work. Thanks very much for this Henry. Thanks Henry from CBC. Pre-sense to six months for sexual abuse. I can imagine that during this war, that we're going to be going to be doing a lot of bedtime stories. Yeah. Yeah. Because the calls are slim and few and almost none. And that's okay to be honest with it because like yesterday, we didn't have a lot of good calls quite frankly. But the calls on the other side of the issue. We had a one who was, who's opinion on the war was, Oh, right. That was his opinion. And then we had the other one is Michael Laura Fagg, like you two. And that was it. Those were the two in four hours. Making their case for this glorious war to liberate the Iraqi people. And eliminate these weapons and mass destruction. Speaking of weapons and mass destruction, by the way. US officials tell CBS News correspondent David Martin that the Iraqis have drawn a red line on the map around Baghdad. And what's American troops crossed that line, the Republican guards are authorized to use chemical weapons. War to the chemical threat came as US led forces class with Iraq's elite fighters for the first time about 50 miles south of Baghdad. US Apache helicopters fired on the guard of south of the upper ground force heading north to Baghdad. The Pentagon confirmed that one of the attacking Apache, while we will already know that. So there you go. They're threatening to use chemical weapons in that red ring around Baghdad. A 56 year old priest of the Dominican order, and a former headmaster at Newbridge College in killed there was sentenced to six months after us. The six months in prison that had not this great core yesterday. And shout, you sent me this piece of crap. What is this from? Oh, it's from Ireland. No one of the got all these bizarre names. Father Vincent Mercer played a guilty deforeconcement. He's in the salt on 13 year old boy in the dormitory at the school of 1977. The victim whose name is Peter, who's not 38. Asked that a surname not to use to predict his family traveled from New York to pursue the charges. How do you like that? Came all the way from New York to Ireland. Peter? That's his name. At the request of Father Mercer's solicitor, in other words, his lawyer, Mr. Robert Eager, the court was clear to all not involved in the case before proceedings began before Judge Mural Canellon. However, the priest was a lot or a man. And there you go. That's one short little story there. He's a crap from Ireland. Don't send me no more stories like that, okay? All right. But in Cincinnati, which is a little bit closer to home, a special grand jury, impameled by Hamilton County Prosecutor Michael Allen to investigate allegations of sex crimes by Roman Catholic priest and knight of two men. This past Friday, the charges are the first following a year-long investigation. The Reverend Kenneth Shotmer, Schoetmer, Schmitmer, a former handover township priest was in debt of the charges he raped and abused the teenage boy. Rape and abused. Schoetmer, a former priest of the Queen of Peace Parish, I'm not making that up, is charged with rape, gross sexual imposition and sexual battery, involving a June 18th, 1999 account over the 17 year old Hamilton County youth. And it goes on a great length, because I'm not going to waste the time, but it just goes to show you that they've only scratched it to be ice-breaking. Nobody cares about it anymore, because we've got a war going on. Plus it's small potatoes, you know? Right. What did I tell you? They gave you a little bit of a little bit of a service to meet. You got all whipped up there for a couple of months about it. And we had all these big stories, these exposs, and a pop was a hyperventilating in the, you know, flailing his robes. And that was about the end of that, just like I told you. Here's our only call is from both you. Hello. That's a piece of Queen parish? Yes. Oh, no, please add Dennis Miller to the list. Okay. And I wonder why he won't get a Marlon won't get a gastric bite yet. Too late. Oh, I'm getting one this summer. Well, good luck to you, sir. Okay. What are we adding Dennis Miller put Dennis Miller down on list, okay? Oh, Dennis Miller. I thought he meant Dennis Leary. Dennis Miller. I'll put him on there if you want. I mean, Dennis Miller just makes my stomach turn. Maybe I need a gastric bite past him after hearing that name. How's the pull going? Which hospital can I entertain you? Respect most for their viewpoints, not for their work, but for their viewpoints. Michael Moore 78, none of them they should all shut up 77. 12 and S.D. and 17. Bill Mar 11, Martin Sheenie 11. Natalie means from the Dixie chicks nine. What is that chicks with what? Susence her hand and four. Roy Scheider and Sean Penny, Chaff three. Sean was late additionally apologize. Barbara Streisand, she of the crossed eyes and the Charlie Daniels and Paul Newman and Rosey would not lead to have a pair. Mike Ferrell's got one. Robert Redford's got a little one. And Matt Damon, he don't have one. Zero. Matt Damon has no votes. Well, he had 223. They just don't realize he's out there doing it. You know what I think about Matt Damon though. Yeah. 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T of Verizon line big army of chronic facts. Your facts is he says my wife and I made the idiotic mistake of trying to go to the gallery a mall after an afternoon play in Parker playhouse on Saturday. And we couldn't even find a parking place with all those people parking in a malls a lot and leaving with beach chairs, coolers, etc. To walk this moronic beach fest. Now we got stuck in horrendous traffic just to escape the area. What a bunch of smits is. It's starting to start the grony. That's the way it is. The Lord works in mysterious ways. He was there because, you know, he wanted to scrub your weekend. Very sad. 300,000 people showed up for that. Halle, Louis, baby. Thank God we live in a very religious and a very patriotic place man. Where everybody's waving their flags and praising the Lord. You know what? Makes me feel better. Aren't you lucky that you live there? You, you guys. Here's Miami. Hello. In the welcome back. Yes, sir. I want to apologize to you. I want to crank all day called. Except we feel a cause of your crony. I didn't really mean it. I was just trying to get rid of it. Call me one. Never I called. I say 20. Whatever. It was just a reaction. I was supposed to, I'm supposed to remember one of those. I mean, when we don't get least 10 of those a day, it's not a good idea. It was a chronic. And you might not forget it, but I'm apologizing. But I want to internet now looking up Godfather information. Uh-huh. And they're standing on the internet that Martin Scorsese could have done a better job in Francis for Copa in the Godfather. A better job than who? The director of Godfather. Francis for Copa. Yeah, they said Martin Scorsese would have done a better job because he's more. He got a better track record for. Violent films and stuff. But why would you why would you be critiquing Francis for Copa as job? When it was rated the, uh, this pool I talked about before, rated the number one movie of all time. No, I'm not critiquing it. How can you be better than number one? Did, did you think Martin Scorsese could have done if not equal a better job? No. Okay. And as far as all this war stuff goes on, uh, I think Bush is an athlete. Do you think one? I think Bush is an athlete. Okay, thank you. He thinks Bush is an anso. The thing you put in brains alone will be a nice athlete. That's the way to do it. You go for it. It's always laundry heads and just let him have it. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, five, six, six, the only AT&T in for I could you hear him real well? Was it really like in and out up and down? He was like cutting in and I little in and out. I think that's what he's looking for. Little in and out. Isn't just about everybody. Morning of a humanitarian crisis there. View in says the fighting has cut off a million people and the city is substantially without electricity and water. We're trying to break the stand off. The British Army has declared baser a legitimate military target. But say it says it won't try to invade the city. They say they will go after pockets of Iraqi fighters in the area. Yeah, if you ask us, we're just not resisting. Okay, just lay down and die or give up. Then we could, uh, you know, happy everybody out. You know, we ought to put the VBC on for a second. I'm scared to fact that a huge oil processing facility fills by Britain around the plants. Burning oil filled trenches, bell chants, black smoke across the city. There came the trying to confuse British and American warplanes. But the plant is still operating. In addition to the black smoke from the oil fires, Baghdad has now been in Gulf in a blinding sandstorm, seriously reducing visibility. Now, you may think that that would lessen even suspend the air strikes. But we've continued to hear very heavy bombardments on the edges of the city. There you go. Iraq is a gain being showing pictures of what it says is an American surveillance drone, which it has shot down. Everyone here has heard of the reports of American troops being only 60 miles outside of Baghdad. And yet, your thoughts in here seem remarkably confident. We always confident. I will do the ship always, it's really confident because we are defending our country. We are addressing, again, it's nobody. The others are addressing again, it's us. We are out in our homes. And we will defend our country the best way. Hmm. Twelve minutes after 10, what can you say that? At 5.60 WQM, it's Mars madness time of the year again. If you're looking to lay down some beds, if you want to plunge your guts out. You better know who you're dealing with. VIPsportsport.com is the best. By the way, is Gary Sarner still there? Yeah, it's all this morning. Damn it. You can have complete trust in VIPsportsport.com. A legal and licensed sportsbook, and one of the original online books and still the best in the universe. You like high-parlay odds, how to parlay odds about to 2000 to one song, pretty good. How about free-send day payouts? How about a 15% cash bonus end of your first deposit? The most of all for the past seven years, VIPsportsport.com is under reputation as these sportsbook for the best customer service anywhere. Sportsbook reviewed. I've come as rated them number one in customer service two years in a row. Could be your turn to go on a roll of a lifetime, but if that's the case, you better make sure you're in the right sportsbook at the time. Like now. So sign up online at VIPsportsport.com and get you a 15% cash bonus end of your first deposit. Nothing more starting out of winner. If you're not online, call them toll free and one eight six six VIP bets. That's one eight six VIP bets, but don't forget the 15% sign up bonus is only available online. So get your ass online and get your 15% cash bonus today and VIPsportsport.com where you be the VIP. Finally, isn't it besoved? He's an American music icon, the original country punk. And now he's reaching across the Atlantic to pay tribute to England's greatest pump band. It's the best of Johnny Clash. The jury, don't like it. Rockin' the Casbah. The man in black is back. Untrack with a very special version of train and vein. Did you stand by me? No, not at all. Did you stand by me? No way. Yes, London's calling. And they're saying hello. It's about best of Johnny Clash. If I go there, we'll be trouble. And if I stay in Wilby, double. Hello. This is Johnny Clash. And I shot this commercial in Reno just to watch you buy. My brand new record. So you got all at me, no. Should I stay? Or should I go? The best of Johnny Clash. Look for it in the combat country section of your local record store. Finally. How about Johnny Graffelor? How could we have left her out? Oh yeah. Is it Graffelor or Garafolo? Graffelor? Like I said. But she in the beginning, she was one of the very best. Both people against this war. I mean, really adamant and outspoken in our ticket and out Excellent. Get her on there, Carlos. Speaking about spoken. Johnny Graffelor. Yes, Graffelor. Could we mention this in that you're very aware of the Paul Cragman channels of influence article in its own book. I'm going to read it next in a moment or two. I got a pretty bad time. I've got 20 copies of it. I don't want any more copies of it. I do check the New York Times columns and editorials every single day. Take it to the bank. In fact, I go over to the new state and I actually buy the times. If it is, I can read, you know, not just what's on the website. But I can go completely through it. 20 copies off of the facts. Well, I got it here. I'll get to it. It's all about clear channel. In fact, did I mention this earlier in the show that close to show you. I've got to start with that at nine. Not at nine 15. Not at nine 30. Not at nine 30. Now when Howard and his lesbians decide to go home. But right at five. Yeah, that's the time. Okay. Right at that. In fact, I thought the opening of the show today was magnificent. I like it. Yes, me. Go to about four or five minutes. And I thought it was great. I thought I was listening to a Buffalo Springfield for what it's worth. And I thought, boy, you know, it's enough to bring a tear to your eye. And I realized that we're not supposed to go, wow, all that stuff from the 60s. What was wrong with the stuff from the 60s as far as the protestors were concerned? There wasn't a guy dim thing wrong with the 60s. They just, the government just convinced everybody. Oh, this is just too out of control and too wild and too much promiscuity and too. Yeah, right. Whatever you say. Wasn't a good damn thing wrong. At least we had people with a social conscience in the 60s as opposed to being unconscious like in the, whatever this is now the ought to threes. Everybody, Paul Crow, let me take your call or two. I'll get to it. Here's plantation. Hello. Plantation. Yes, sir. Oh, all right. I'm on. I'm on, I'm on, I would like to put on the list. Fred Thompson. Fred Thompson, the former, uh, anxious right wing senator. Yeah, that's it. But he won't get any votes because you have a very narrow audience, narrow minded audience. Well, what do you mean by have a rat? Terrell and he hasn't just got 20 votes. What are you talking about? He does. Yes. Oh, I wouldn't vote for him. Okay, well, go ahead and go vote for him. I'm a very narrow audience because we don't agree with you. You can vote for whoever you want. That's why we put him on there. We're not just putting people on there to their agree with. We got Charlie Daniels on there and Charlottesston and Fred Thompson put him on there. Yeah, we all know who Fred Thompson is. Just a just a rabbit right winger who know all of us and is a celebrity. He's a big celebrity now because he parlate his mediocre political career into showbiness. Kind of like Bubba. Oh, and speaking of Michael Moore and Bubba. Where's that book? I thought it was. I thought it was. I thought it was. See the other room. But anyway, in the Michael Moore book. Yeah, stupid white man. You know, I did read from the beginnings of that where he rips the election and bush and all the Southern and it was just I was just squeezed myself out. I was reading because it was also good. Just like he said at the Oscars. Yeah, but as you get to the latter part of the book when he rips the Democrats and built Clinton. And in fact, I am going to read some of that this week. Good. Just to show you because I want to mind what we say in both political parties. So that's the problem with America. You're stuck with two political parties. They're owned by the guy they've big interest. Michael Moore didn't vote for Clinton or Bush. He voted for NATO, unfortunately, but you know, but he did out of conscience. Not that it accomplished anything. Some good Bush, when he election, but nevertheless, he's probably still going to find a way to steal it anyhow. Sure. All right. You got to hurry near our audience, George. That's the problem with this. He's not an audience. Only people will agree with us. That's why that guy was listening. What kind of a comment is that he can say whatever he wants. But just stop and think about how silly that is. I assure most of the people listening to the show. I don't know what percentage. Maybe 70% 80% are progressive liberal moderate. They're not a bunch of Bible something right. Wing lunatics. Hey, we have plenty of those. Anybody that's been to any one of our appearances can plainly see that our audience is very broad. Brods. Yeah. You could see that by those pictures we had on the website. We got a real variety. A wide variety. Here's the facts from Rick who says I've seen and heard so many times over the last few days where the imbeds are yelling loudly. Gas, gas, gas. Does this also apply when Josh Friedman walks out of the room or puts it on the answer? Yes. Everybody puts on a gas mask. In fact, QM is the only radio station in the world that has gas masks hanging on a wall. In just in case Josh Friedman might saunter in my waddle in. He's a gas. Okay, so we got Fred Thompson on there and we're willing to put any more on there. I don't care who it is. Which outspoken entertainer do you respect most for their viewpoints? We could put Brad Pitt on there. He's all in favor of, well, he's not so much in favor of the war, but he's just now that it started. We gotta get behind it. I mean, anybody, you know, this is Brad Watson a box pit. I'm not saying let's put him on there yet, but maybe somebody else who says that, huh? Who would I know is? We don't care, anyway. Paul Cragman writes, speaking a cheap channel broadcasting and they should only croak a wicked death over there by the way, for many reasons. In New York Times today says by and large recent pro-war rallies haven't drawn nearly as many people as anti-war rallies, but they have certainly been vehement. One of the most striking per place after Natalie Mainz leads singer for the Vixie-Tix criticised President Bush, a crowd gathered in Louisiana to watch a 33,000-pound tractor, a smash a collection of Dixie-Tix CDs tapes another paraphernalia. To those familiar with 20th century European history, it seemed eerily reminiscent of, but a simpler Lewis said a quaint can't happen here. He just has three dots there, we don't want to say it. Who's been organizing these pro-war rallies? The answer it turns out is that they're being promoted by key players in the radio industry with close links to the Bush administration. Boy! The CD smashing rally was organized by KRMD, part of cumulus media, a radio chain that has banned Dixie-Tix from its playlists. Most of the pro-war demonstrations around the country have, however, been organized by stations owned by clear channel communications, a BMA based in San Antonio that controls more than 1200 stations that increasingly nominates the airways. The company claims that the demonstrations which go under the name Rally for America reflect the initiative of the individual stations, but this is unlikely, according to Eric Boler, who has written revelatory articles about clear channel in Salon, the company is notorious and widely heated for its iron-fisted centralized control. Until now, complaints about clear channel are focused on its business practices, critics say it uses power to squeeze recording companies in artists and contributes to the growing blandness of broadcast music. But now the company appears to be using its talk to help one side in a political dispute that deeply divides the nation. Why would a media company insert itself into politics this way? It could of course simply be a matter of personal conviction on part of management, but there are also good reasons for clear channel, which became a giant only in last two years after the telecommunications act of 1996 removed many restrictions on media ownership. To create favor with the ruling party. On one side clear channel is feeling some heat. It's being sued over allegations that it's written to critique the airplane of artists who don't true with its concert division and there are even some politicians who want to roll back to the regulation that made the companies growth possible. On the other side, the FCC is considering further deregulation that would lock clear channel to expand even further, particularly in a television. Or perhaps the quid pro quo is more narrowly fore-focused, experience bushallogist, let out a collective ahaha when third channel was revealed to be behind the pro-war rallies because the company's top management has a history which George W. Bush, what a shock. The vice chairman of third channel is Tom Hicks, whose name may be committed to readers of this column. When Mr. Bush was governor of Texas, Mr. Hicks was chairman of the University of Texas Investment Management Company called U. Timco, and third channel's chairman, Lauri Mays, was on its board. Under Mr. Hicks, U. Timco placed much of the universities in dominant of the management companies with strong Republican Party or Bush Family ties. In 1998, Mr. Hicks purchased the Texas Rangers' Nadeel that made Mr. Bush a multi-millionaire. There's something happening here, like the song says, but it is an exactly clear, but a good guess is now that we're seeing this next stage in the evolution of the New American Older Garkey. As Jonathan Chit has written in the New Republic, an abushment-estration government and business have melted into one big us. On almost every aspect of domestic policy business interests rule, scores of mid-level appointees now overseen the speech for which they once worked. We should have realized that this is a two-way street of politicians and busy doing favors for businesses that support them. Why shouldn't we expect businesses to reciprocate by doing favors for those politicians by, for example, organizing grassroots rallies in their behalf? What makes all of this possible, of course, is the absence of effective watchdogs, in the Clinton years, the nearest hint of impropriety quickly blew up into a huge scandal, these days the scandal mongers are more likely to go after the journalists who raise the questions, anyway, don't you know there's a war on? Paul Cragman today's New York Times. Clear channel, blows, baby. Clear channel. Not only have they taken away your choices as far as music and talking and entertainment everything else is concerned, but now, of course, they're goose stepping with abush my suits with Tom Hicks and Laurie Mays, et cetera. That lovely? Of course, keep in mind whose chairman of the FCC, Colin Powell, son, Michael Powell, let's hear it for the Powell's, baby. 10.28 at 5.60 WCM, just calm down, would it play okay? Are you home on his death? There's anything worse than adventuring out to your backyard for a nice swim, especially when it's 100 degrees in the shade likely it has been a lot? Looking at it once beautiful, pullears and saying, holy crap, what happened in here? It's stained, it's dirty, maybe it's even cracking in a pool too. Well, don't look at that mess one moment longer, just say no mow ugly pool and call our good pizons at Atlantic Marseight. These guys aren't just a couple of pool guys who want to clean and share us out of the back of their beat up old pickup truck. These are real professional construction company folks who use full time employees, not subcontracted, not some illegal lately and so just rolled off of an anapode. Atlantic Marseight specializes in the most incredible innovation at the pool business, Diamond Bright, Atlantic Marseight's been pouring it on right for 12 years now. Their license they're insured professionals, they even train other companies internationally how to do Diamond Brighting right. And you'll get the same price by the way they give to the contractors you can't beat that. They're in North Miami, Browder Palm Beach, so Column Atlantic Marseight they're the biggest in dollars at Diamond Bright and South Florida. They'll come right to you and give you a free estimate. They also perform pool and tech renovations custom lighting pool healing exotic water features too. For the very best call Atlantic Marseight tool free 1-800-558-883. That's 1-800-558-888-883 Diamond Bright to it right because Diamond Bright is a pool's best friend. And look, this is 4-2560. 2-252AM. This war on terror in Afghanistan last week coalition forces up a launch operation value strike against terrorists and their allies and the southern mountains of Afghanistan. Of course we have troops standing watching other parts of the world to protect and maintain the peace. All the members of the military, a broad and home are here in this important building are bound together by a great cause to defend the American people and advance the universal hope of freedom. America has accepted this responsibility. We also accept the cost of supporting our military and the missions we give it. Today I'm sending the Congress a wartime supplemental appropriations request of $74.7 billion. To fund needs directly arising from the Iraqi conflict and our global war against terror. My request to Congress will pay for the massive task of transporting a fully equipped military force, both active duty and reserve to a region halfway around the world. This money will cover the current cost of fueling our ships and aircraft and tanks and of air-lifting tons of supplies into the theater of operations. The supplemental will also allow us to replace the high-tech munitions we are now directing against Saddam Hussein's regime. My request includes funds for relief and reconstruction in a free Iraq. This nation and our coalition partners are committed to making sure that the Iraqi citizens who have suffered under a brutal pirate, got the food and medicine needed as soon as possible. I'm dying out of here. The Liberation Union will take its place and make sure the Saddam Hussein's regime is out of place. And try to wait for the government power in the plan. The Liberation Union will take its place and make sure the military forces are safe. The Liberation Union will take its place and make sure the military forces are safe. The Liberation Union will take its place and make sure the military forces are safe. The Liberation Union will take its place and make sure the military forces are safe. The Liberation Union will take its place and make sure the military forces are safe. I hope my check is in my mail box down there. I hope my check is in my mail box down there. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance. I get to film the clearance.