Hey, let's get Neil on here. Neil Delusional's got some ugly pants on today. We can't have that in this radio station. He's an embarrassment Well, he's got those checker pants that most always screaming about Man, those is a comeback to town and the most gift out on me before I got in here this morning God damn you you silly old cool but you're upset Yeah, I bastard he had a hat on there. They old Jew. He had a hat on there. Is it under scum? Oh, peace of turd Muscreat man. Yeah, I'm a muskware rambles when I'm and then then I hear the end of his show I heard one and I heard Paul the New England fan who I guess is pissed off at us because we won't look at his taxes anymore Or read him on a year. I'm listening You know what you're asking me and that the end of his show it kind of well Only 93 days to pictures and catches well, which one of those are you? Mo? He's a youmo He's a big Howard youmo He's a big man, he's a mo You go into the mo he's a mo fo was what the light I've been hearing this building an hour and a half I'm so pissed off. I'm ready to kill somebody come on back screw in Yeah, I saw you I saw you hug in her yeah hug this hey, so what do you think I wouldn't touch her with your armpit? Are you going to the I can't get him on this I can't get him on this I can't get him on this I can't get him on my buddy Mike Lang said Heidi Yeah, I might that's my good buddy Mike Lang he's a good guy. He's a great announcer. Yes. He is I wonder why didn't do the game I was talking ounces in a world our Joe Bowling Rick General retin Mike Lang not necessarily in that order What about me? Oh, you're an idiot. Thank you. No, you're crazy person. I mean for some of it doesn't know the game like you and just wants to be I'm getting it up the asian all like that. That's good You're still dealing with my old I don't know the game routine. Yeah, I don't know anything about how I feel Frank Mahabalach from Frank good Is that something like that I work with Frank Mahabalach? Yeah, yeah, so about their own killer Wrong again, they're all similar to all career my god You got to come up with some better nadal man An expert like I said when you start doing a game is that silly old jugs McDonalds I think all these I in that job with me I'm talking I'm telling you the thing with Kenan's a disaster. It's a stupid stupid move I don't talk about it because nobody in this town cares about it. That's true They care about football to which I would only say Oh, yeah, well nice job I don't know the S baby. I got back here Saturday just in time to see a double-bird piece of crap Saturday in fact it was triple-bird because the path is couldn't score goal and say Louis Right, did you watch any of that game? I watch that whole game and I watch that I went to the game and I'm on your close friend rumor yesterday I watched a lot of games in my time okay in fact I've played in some not the kind of your thing Remember says he's taking you in me to the out so you can blow it on his ass And yeah, and he can take me to church with him. Okay. Well, I'll try to take your limo guy with your two-rimmer I'm gonna rip him and ask the limo guy. I got him The limo guy didn't even know where he was going today to penis. It limo guy didn't even show up Way to go. It's one of them more friends. Hey, let's take a permanent So on the telecast Sunday from say Louis Scott melon bee who was a good guy He did the thing with a rat. He was the cat 10 minutes of the second period Fuffa fuffa fuffa and so boring and he had the knees are fuffa and in the meantime all these great plays in your goals and great saves and Rimmer is silent because they got melon bee whoever's producing that show on Fox You ought to be strung up with her mom gearing okay you asshole. Yeah, what a piece of crap. Yeah Did you see it? I saw the whole game every inch love a kind of crap Is that where a lot of great plays going on there and Rimmer can't describe it because they got melon bee of these potfan Which is like the blind leading the blind Yeah, talk about coma inducing was worth it. Hey, what was worse than the mo show? I got a better story Not when they do the line blow it out your ass to one everybody in the world is sick and Terry and O'Sim chronics marked the jet's fan and one and Paul Apollo Patriots fan I went to the new hollers on that show already Jesus God is it boring I'm Friday night Went to the game and I wore my penguin sweater in the Panther locker room is shook He's in five minutes before he got it already my ears plugged up. It's this room Yeah, this is a sick building it's delusional. He's fixing the room That's I go for two months my left ear gets plugged up. I can't hear it Conducer wears his orange flowers on his pants. Yeah. Well, you ought to see what he's got inside of him very little Panzy very little a death of him. He's got a real teeny little daddy's a handy line. He's a gardenian Yeah Anyway, it's great to have you back in town. He'll got love yet everyone else You're too lips those what he told me Yeah, I don't want anything to do it I'm telling you my ears getting plugged by taking off for the hockey game Internet is a piece of crap plus technically I want to say right now As bad as our sales department is and they suck you know that I know that our engineering department could be the worst in the history of even Mark Coney would be embarrassed nothing in this room works. I know everything and here's a piece of crap You should have seen them last week tearing down all the pictures of women. They put up your other pictures When you come into town. I do a Georgetown head of our sexualized the studio when I'm not By George or an idiot, okay? Who's gonna be a week off? No boy any any of my he took all my you are all the dresses off the name link on here in my on the It's just but that house the pharmacist when I need him Is he here yet? Ask rush. I'll tell you. Yeah, I will ask rush. Hey, where's that pill boy? Say goodbye sky but I still need a fight Miami has the dolphins there the worst football team They flopped the ball from gold at all like no one's ever seen oh They're on the ground. That's where they'll stay. They're never in control And when you say Miami you're talking toilet holders. They're the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number only teams and a week 32 Miami dolphins Miami dolphins don't bet on them you'll always lose They don't know how to tackle they don't know how to block no their coaches Audit tell them to put then day in their jucks then they would run much faster and even Indifete when we go to the stadium we'll see Miami and there the Miami All-fruits Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number only teams in the week 32 Miami dolphins Miami dolphins The team that hasn't got a clue Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fence just 50,000 assholes Sitting in the stands here. They watch the game and all they do is mone in gripe and bitch I wonder how Joe Robbie got the be so goddamn rich and there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how many teams in the week Miami dolphins Miami dolphins I hear the crowd begin to boo The dolphins have great feedler that quarter backstage you run down the field and he will throw up past Over you I'll never win a super bowl you should be surprised when he gets cut that does It mean that he was circumcised and there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how many teams in the week 32 Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Jacals his signals in Hebrew The dolphins have no defense and their offenses at Joe Like George Bush eating pretzels you know they're gonna choke They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race With fewer points than pot marks on high-zingers We face them there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number oh what the hell 32 Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins now they're through There's there there there Hey Thench of Palmanor Pover's over this performance by the dolphin Absolutely correct 1009 at 560 WC That's enough nine minutes was good enough I'm getting back on a plane getting out of here this this is I've been here an hour and 40 minutes My ears plugged up again from this six studio We've been you you're smoking they've been talking about this since for four five years now ever since they built this thing It's in the vents it's in the year there's like if it's a sick building Legionnaires disease Legionnaires freaking disease is what it is I like a good lawsuit to make God not to mention in fact nothing works in here. Hey, of course. So I hope you break both legs. Okay. You jackass Man he's an engineer like my little late dog. Western peace was a goddamn rocket scientist engineer my ass, okay Boy this place needs an enema and needs a blueberry. Oh, and by the way you got some more good news for you My mother calls me yesterday afternoon now. I have some news My rich ants say I want to here's a little piece of good news for us. God no matter how much money you have You can never buy a good bowel movement You don't say you could have a billion dollars and it's still don't guarantee you a good Bm So my rich ant told my mother yesterday who felt compelled to call me you know my year ant has wild diarrhea and she gets it every time she drinks diet soda So if there's anybody out in the audience concerned whether my ant has wild diarrhea my mother confirms it, okay? Yeah, that's a true story because my mother's whole life 90 years of constipation by millie Millie the Schmidt lady. I heard mo this morning say a boulschman Did you hear that he did he said boulschman One million times for new roggies and he's out he didn't say that and he said boulschman Guern team you know they got the what yeah look He said You're still an asshole and I'll see you one day this week. I'll be I'll be camped outside the studio in my old tired pants And I hate to break the news to you mobile my pictures already in a bank got paid early this time I'm going clearance no I just go on like I said no 1221 votes they hated the pull on Friday very weak response it was it was bad Was a stupid pull question, but I don't care 1221 votes about the what the one-taper DVD we'll get to that I'll get a few calls in today. There's an I must go in on here. I notice same old crap I hope my limo drivers listen right now my former limo driver. I got your email can I shouldn't have said that I got your email can Which I'm gonna read on the year and I got news for if that was a guide driving limo on Saturday was the strangest looking guy I've ever seen I don't have a little bit of difficulty in those areas, but it was a strange looking guy Who said where we going? You're kidding me. No, I'm not kidding you when you hear this story You will guarantee you there'll be stains on that chair. I'm waiting with good to get you wardo's the orange pants today Problem at say after 10 at 5 60 WC happy Monday to tomorrow's a holiday. I think we're gonna take off And when I hear that Greg weed in the power 96 sales staff are all going to Italy tomorrow I hope that's still the Arborlisconi is listening okay? Yeah, he's got some collect connections in Palermo there to take care of that crew Man they're going to Italy tomorrow always at a bus mentality Which is good though because that means if I can avoid seeing him today won't see him the rest of the week Season it am I might stick around Let me tell you right now a Troy Stradford you weren't supposed to come in here because even Factboy gives the $50 check for a band and pay rescue a little bald headed Troy Stradford You know you like the way that the ones that said we're gonna run Ricky right down their throats. Yeah, they stuff something on your throat all right And it wasn't Ricky Okay, the first part of it rhymes with Rick Anyway barbecues in a summertime forget about it no more that no more vacations kids are back in school And you probably have bulked up over the summer with all them Bobby cues your fat is a pig to make along story short Balance for life might be the answer in fact. I got a story here today about add kids and all these others and they put people did you see that? What's that for a year on four different Popular diets in the end of the year or they didn't do squat So if you're trying to try to do with the heart and the reason that people don't do it on the zones because who didn't figure it out A balance for life is based on the zone diet, but they do the fig wind for you They figure out all the carbs You don't have to count anything there's no cooking no shopping no cleaning no worries no calorie counting no carb counting just great results You start seeing results on that scale with in just a matter of days beast was doing great But he's a fat pig who can't help himself Balance for life is the only company in the world of the truth is between two choices for each meal and snack Every day that's run a program. We just reach outside the door by six in the morning whenever you get up and there's your little black sack all the food to keep you happy and full all day long Not crap not prefabricated chemical stuff, but delicious great stuff three gourmet meals two delicious snacks and like I said I'll keep you full and happy all day long and wait will melt off your body So if you're tired and frustrated, I'm carrying around the next your weight if you're out of shape Leathergic if you're diabetic run a verge of a ticket for me. It's no fun So let balance for life finally help you lose that weight column today 954 5683229 That's nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or visit him on their wicked world wide web at balance for life.com You Yeah, I Don't have a clue I've won the boat K Davis is done The women voters didn't care that I've reached all their buns The people of California They like beer light Just like they might have you all these small lots of five I am the governor it's too Too bad that I do not have a clue Everybody's even added I am the cow Not everybody I am the cow The you like me the movies that's why I The cover my Oh Great That's it Yeah, who can believe it is right that it's not on Nice going nice to see a duck by the way you look pretty skinny pretty slim Huh That was in little late this morning. They were excavating his actum check from Troy and one from fat boy And they were also excavating Moses head for the reasons hey Troy the reason Jay Filer can't play with it Offences he and the remember those twins the Egyptian twins can join at the head joined at the head well Moe is got his head objays Back though and if we're we stayed with trying to get it out and I can't do it So even though you saw theater on the sidelines during game yesterday You didn't see behind him Moe was crouch down behind him because he's got his head stuck up Jay's ass Brian greasy a Brian you suck baby your bed. I told you he keeps falling down and every time he gets touched He drops it in the ball too. You know what's that? Yeah every time he hears somebody coming Scorts court he gets all panicky and drops it right on the floor and the ball too Right on the ground hey Brian your bad baby. You're awful. You're no daddy and it was daddy up in a press box He's got the binoculars now. Oh, he not again Brian another phone. Oh, no other reception You know, I was so excited to watch it. I came yesterday. I was squeezing myself little life But this has got to be like dining going to heaven. This is almost as good as the Jacksonville playoff game 62 to 7 Because really if Tennessee would have wanted to they could have scored 100 points. I'm serious if they really wanted to Because what you had yesterday was two teams one at played and the other one that obviously didn't give a Schmidt as Moe would say didn't give a Schmidt He did say bullshit this morning Okay, yeah, he said bullshit right there on a year So you know he's less than right hey, Moe you're still an asshole. I'm glad I didn't see you this morning. You make me sick Okay, let's give the poor result. I'm gonna get into Ken's email. I might spend the whole show on that I mean that that that just sour hey by the way Troy. I'll be here at 830 don't be bringing people in here 15. I could have had six o'clock in the morning for you. You bald skin edge for it to you Crazy per it. Here's he's not he's nice guy but he's nuts Yeah, if you'd like to meet with a client a 15. No, I probably be here by them, but don't count I 830 would be plenty rolling up I would play about 30, but it's not a thing here See how the reason I need to be back in Toronto but third man because I gotta do it in here. It's not on the yeah 360 What not on air and Don't go dick it around and putting it on air because then George will come up I'm getting trouble with him By the way, Rimmer all your contacts met except for Dr. Hampton all suck and I'm not going to Ruth Chris Okay, Rimmer you're good guy, but you're all your contacts up to about my keen and but we're not talking about that Nobody cares about hockey down here. They have no idea who that is and Scott didn't pick up his tickets to go the penguin game on Friday It's all I heard all week long. Oh gee, where's my ticket so John leaves you the tickets he calls me to your message Did he show up? Did he pick up the tickets? Did you go to the game? Oh he did go to the well good with somebody else's some crappy seats I hope or maybe you sent in a press box Or in the QAM suite Is that what you call it? I don't know an opponent. I think they have one. Why would I go up there? They've they've oh yeah come on up and see the game in the suite. Why would I want to do that when I have those great seats? Or my seat pretty much are they best? I'm going to get into Maranite man Tampa Bay. I'm going to see a real hockey team the lightning man. They're good They are something you see that came any of the game against the penguins you're the night nine nothing He's talking hockey again Greg he's gonna kill the audience if I've told you once I told you a bunch of times Don't talk hockey and some thought all the quite frankly. I think probably we better idea than our sports was talking football Yeah, we heard cones and the dolphins man you talk about a Quinella perfecta do wexon robed in very aren't we cursed down here? We really are are we cursed down here Jim? Oh right yeah 1200 and some odd votes on a pool. I should have probably printed out again If you only had one taper DB movie that you could watch over and over again what would it be Godfather 277 wind hands down your pants the old godfather. I don't think those drop-ins are in here Are they oh they are in here? That's that's a beautiful thing. I think they got Take the can only can he check him in second 157 airplane hundred thirteen maybe the funniest movie all time Sure funnier than candy shack, but see on a sports nerd station you're going to get the candy shack crowd I mean it was a good movie is funny, but not as funny is airplane airplane was what You thought candy shack was funnier than airplane oh no no no Don't suck around okay you're not going to get any extra hockey tickets for second around doesn't work You're not my type you got anybody's type Money python and holy grail 99 or 102 now you better read off of their how do I want to read off there Godfather 268 young Frankenstein had 60 while things 57 history the world power 155 the only reason I'm reading the whole list is Because I want to get to one of them the big Lewinsky 44 Greaster d9 pink Floyd the wall 35 clock over 35 doctor strange love 33 the one that I voted for obviously I wonder what that's under the one I voted for where the hell is it? Network had 27 endless sour. That's what I'm trying to get to had 19 votes endless summer the surfing movie does that tell you lots of Maddie Coneys and cheese out there in this audience lots of Rollins endless summer. It's a surfing movie With a bunch of young hot looking surfers, you know teenage mostly underage by the way We're gonna trace those votes They're all like 16 17 year old kids Almost naked Glenn Gary Glen Ross 14 the great outdoors eight Rick me and for dream seven See I wouldn't want to watch that over and over if that was it I'd kill myself It's almost as bad as being in this place as much as I love the movie It's not one that you just want to Constantly see over and over again. It's so depressing Right you saw it didn't you many times oh my god Maybe for the shock value that's it and you know what it's not in there Oh George you are such a polycraft man Straw dog six and until the end of the world one. Now seriously. He's just you know he's marginal He's okay. I feel sorry for him. That's why he's still here Because it's why I've tricked him and they haven't that's so I can kid. So that's the only reason he's still got the job I went to bad for him and they wanted to fire his ass when we tried to get him can't And there were only two reasons I went to bad for George number one because of the fact is why I've tricked him into that other kid And number two just despite Mo I wasn't gonna let most are coming in here and dicken with his show That's a reason he can he tried that you know they got the what yeah look yeah blow out your asthma You silly old koot and by the way how about them plates in your skirt? How what's that all about? He was complaining about the fact that I don't have a what do they call him and the pants uh Creses in your pants what do they call those? No, Creses. Well he's got pizza in his skirt See but when you have the bag it's a lot easier to wear like a that little cheerleader skirt when you have a bag and reach under their real quick Makes for easy asses Anyway, I'll better do the break because once I get into this thing about the limo I mean it's the honest what even believe it they won't even believe it. I know I can't wait. Oh you you haven't even heard the the tip of the iceberg yet From my good friend Ken who seems to have a you know how there's some people who seem to have be born under a dark cloud And they're always seem to be some reason why everything they try to do everything they touch turns to pure shmit, you know And that's Ken you know good intentions. I think But every time he's gonna pick one of us up. Oh gee. I thought you were gonna be downstairs in your upstairs and You were I thought you were gonna be out of the closet. You're in the closet and whatever, you know Can you got real problems baby you got a real serious problems. I think probably rumor has something to do with it 20 and I still don't have my leaf TV rumor. Okay 26 past 10 at 5 16 W to Q AM what it comes to having your carpets clean and the matter fact I do want to say one nice thing about being here. I got a chance to see none of my dogs are both dead I mean that's not good, but at least my carpets are beautiful Because about a month ago dry concepts came in man my carpets look like I just had brand new laid on the floor No more a little tiny no more momentum is from tiny Like stuck in a carpeting in or around the house. Yeah, you know how that is little soft serve here in there Dry concepts has been doing it right in his town for well over 20 years in fact They've been doing my house for over 20 years. There's a number one carpet cleaning company in the world And with a holiday season coming up around the corner. There's never a better time than right now To have those carpets clean taking out all the schwits the oil and the germs that settled deep into your carpets over the summer months Dry concepts sets the standard of the best in the universe leaving your carpets sparkling clean vibrant colors off of the touch They're dry and just a couple of hours and they do the same great things for your oriental rugs your draperies well And here's the deal for it. They got a special deal. You can say 15% on next carpet cleaning with a special offer We've been telling you about if you want more details just call them tool free There's nobody else in the world as it like dry concepts take it for me like I said over 20 years They've been doing me right 1 800 248 5071 and don't forget a guaranteed written price before they start to job No repost no scams just they stew pennished job every time 1 800 248 5071 or check them on the worldwide web at dry concepts.com Yes Oh B tampons. He only tampons designed by women gynecologists only women believe because only women believe Oh, speaking of but now you also played that and that's because you told me that the audio was bleeding through on the speakers in there You want my microphone as close another engineering problem here Soxive Q a yeah Like the work engineering department does because they don't do any They suck A little out of Neil Oh, you guys are pathetic I thought once we got fix it here where my kids some stuff are fix it, but we didn't well we underdo is get George Corso fixed You got a rusty knife. I'd love to do that. I like to slice his balls right off of he has any Let's use the spoon. All right sounds excellent to me. Here's today's poll question. I want to get back to the limo story real quick But I'm gonna something to do keep them off the streets. Oh, and you know something I didn't realize now are you aware before I get to that That was my mouse is all screwed up here too even my mouse is tight Man, this place blows Where's the where's our website Now did you go on the WMD countdown thing? The weapons of mass destruction Scotch that I spell it out for the one year on our site now, but did you notice that there's audio with it? Yes, I didn't know that Eric's been hard at work All the story about here of course Don't that sound good? Engineering and all this all yeah engineering's involved in that connection there, okay? So not only do his lips move, but he's also doing this whole thing and the countdown just goes on and he weapons of mass destruction While more American kids are dying every day But anyway the marine elephant thing which I just you know, it's never gonna end until they finally end and today could be the day that gypsies buy buy Why should he care about the black stack and a vote for his successor anyway if it's a Republican or vote for a W So what difference is a make? Get rid of her ass, okay, but here's the big story ministers urge support for marine elephant several black churches act for cause of Elections chief. She's incompetent. We don't care if she's black if she's purple if she put a new chicken a whole deal when no care She is inept. She is incompetent. Non-competent penis on a you can't cut the mustard you're an idiot I mean you consider all the embarrassment that we had and then we got those 80,000 ballots and I've ever got set out and Broward and a people that got like multiple ballots if you could hear how this story to this thing sounds in here to me on these speakers You you would just crap your pants each and everyone you listening to me right now this studio is the biggest excuse in Greg and Scrant oh we're number one and pulling we're going to Italy with the best you guys are a joke any Co any connection between broadcasting and Greg read and beesley broadcasting is purely coincidental I never heard such a sound in my life God are you talking to somebody on there don't do a show with ease talking to see doing a show with somebody on a phone That nothing worse than doing a show don't argue put where you're calling from put him on hold and cut the crap What was that? Somebody for a abandoned pet rescue wanted to send in a check. I like I said take all the time you want Thank you Okay, here's the poll today which ethnic or racial group is the most protective slash paranoid about its own? You know what that means? Which ethnic or right now we've done this before similar, but that's okay the timing is good now Because this mirror elephant thing really frost my fat old ass Which ethnic or racial group is most protective slash paranoid about its own blacks? Jews, Cubans or Muslims I'm sure that we can put some of anything you want on there right there. I leave anybody out I mean like we could say Chinese and a Chinese paranoid about the there's so many of them you know Oh, I know how about Italians Now there's some Italians who are very defensive about that whole mafia thing well We're sick and tired of being portrayed as a bunch of mafia people even though Don Coroleon was over for dinner last night And at Monaco Leon in man can she make a sauce like you never had in your life Yeah, we'll put Italians on there just to pacify you know the other groups don't they won't win? So let me give you a little story I arrive in Miami at the airport on Saturday right on time I plain landed you could The second hand you know sand right on time I got an arrangement with my limo driver who consistently seems to have a trouble making contact with us I'm sure that he probably didn't have it with all his other clients, but at any rate I'm supposed to as soon as I get to the you know as you come out of the gate in Miami International I come out of the jet weight and you walk to the front and you walk through that area toward the front And as soon as I get to the concourse there I'm supposed to call him I got a tool for your number and he's gonna meet me right out front To avoid having to stand there and wait and wait and wait to see if he's ever gonna show up Which I've done that in the past with him too and then he breathlessly come. Oh, gee, you know, it's always some story So I call him up. Oh gee. It's always OG not OG I got an emergency up north and I'm racing back up there but I got a guy who's gonna pick you up in a black Lincoln town car The lights will be flashing go right outside their outside your gate G concourse G and he'll be meet your right outside. Okay, can I go outside. I'm standing there and of course there's a lot of traffic in other it's an airport Surprise surprise there's people coming and going and slipping and luggage Do I see a black Lincoln town car with it without a slice flashing? No, I'm waiting and wait I wait 20 minutes, which I think is a reasonable length of time before starting to get really pissed off I go back in I call I said hey, no, he ain't here yet. Oh gee, give me that OG again He learned it OG You got a change in the limit limit limit service the OG limo is what it ought to be yeah I'll give me another five minutes. So I go outside again and I'm waiting and I'm waiting and I'm waiting another 15 minutes. Not 35 freaking minutes 35 minutes keep that number in mind, okay? 35 minutes got it not 30 but 30 man. No, but 35 Finally I look way down not in front of like concourse G where to supposed to be but I see a black now with lights flashing either But a black car of some kind it's so far down there and I see this woman get out of the car Who looks like she just came off the banana boat she looked like a younger Celia cruise With better hair and She's holding up a sign she's she's like in distress like I don't know what I what I mean what am I doing And she hold up a sign and of course from that distance even on my eyesight into bed Maybe a little cock-eyed but I can't read it so I start walking at directions. She holds it up like praying that I might be me and sure enough Neurodges great I get in her limo she gets in the car. Hello, how are you and she says what be going? Where be going? Where are we going? I said you made a tell me that they didn't even tell give me any directions where that where I live where we're going What they give me an address, but they know give me an address That that is a I'm not paraphrasing that is an exact code. They give me an address, but they know give me an address What how do you like that? Yeah, if this woman had been off the banana boat longer than a half an hour I'll be really shocked. I'd be surprised Where's your holding the sign right side up at least? No, it was in Spanish senior all-year's See no, it was yeah somebody handed to her. I'm assigned to Now We get on the road with some difficulty because this woman and she should have been driving and forget about a limo She should have been driving a Kia like my little dog and he's been dead for a year, okay? I mean, it just insanity She's squeezing the wheel so tight that I was surprised there wasn't blood coming out of her hands or the wheel I mean one of the other squeezing it. You know people that are terrified she's squeezing it in the wheel too I'm trying to tell her how we get there. I should take the 95 up to the turn pipe and we'll go up to 595 but it'll be pitiful now it starts raining all boy and now you think she was scared before So one of the turn pipe going about 52 miles an hour and it's not raining hard yet at this point That way the till I got home about 52 and of course the speed limit is well 65 and the turn pipe last time I looked at that sign with the numbers on it. I think it's it's suggested 65 it actually moves quite quick No, no, it's not a suggestion. This is not New Jersey, okay? It's not a suggestion. That's the speed limit I'm not saying oh no granted all the traffic is going by as to the right to the left underneath us over the top of us She's going about 52 scared shmitless, okay? Now we finally get to where the hell I turn it off and she comes up to sunrise boulevard and I said we're gonna make her right here But once you get over it gonna make her quick left So what she does is she pulls out and I see the light is green going east and west on sunrise and I see there's some cars coming And I'm thinking of myself honey, you're gonna get us killed see no data And she then you're gonna swipe down she pulled out right in front of the traffic and she was like kind of like Listing like I like a big ship in O and as storm listing from one lane to the other she wasn't quite sure Then We finally get to my house and I tell her it's this house right here in the court She and she points to the house across the street this one I said no I said right across and so she now she keeps going again I said no no stop stop Right here stop a key a key bitch sinulita And then of course like 20 minutes later star rain like the end of the world if humid it's 87 degrees this place Absolutely positively see anybody who thinks I exaggerate or kneel so negative you know upload out your ass This is a cesspool this is the end of the universe make no mistake about it or maybe I just have bad luck here Maybe just did not meant for me, you know, maybe after all those other years maybe all these years Not third man. That's the limit, you know, and then you have to find someplace else to settle down So I got a an email because it cuz the uh, the can the limo guy had called my house While this was all going on. Oh, did you get home yet? No, not yet Oh, haven't called me. Well needless to say that I return to call no Am I gonna use this guy again? No Am I pissed off and fired up? Yes I mean, you know, I had a very un-eventful flight okay in fact I slept half of the time Which ended very rarely do but I had to get up four and a more than the kids that flight And so I like nodded off and it was very un-eventful very smooth that he went on time But even after a short flight like that You're not in the mood to stand outside somewhere and then of course You don't want to go rain back inside because you're afraid because I didn't have myself on so you're afraid if you're going to go make a call it With you my luck I go back inside is just when they're gonna pull up so you're like, you know your Stemic is churning and your guts there your butterflies are hey can nice jobs sweetheart Just like my keen in your fire No, he's a big hockey guy. He thinks he knows something 10 that's because he knows Rimmer who also thinks he knows something 10 41 at 5 60 WQM Hey, I know one thing. It won't be long now before all the relatives come down for the holidays Or maybe your parents coming down for the entire winner god forbid In either case if you need a new mattress do the smart thing more and more people here at the radio station They're jumping on a bandwagon like I'm always doing colon dynamatris to get a great night sleep Miguel and George and Boker Brian even disgusting Jeff don't call me fat boy high Because you can't beat him when you do business with dollar mattress no phony promises no shell games no bait and switch Does great unbeatable discount prices every day in a brand names the world knows and trust and now including Stearns and foster he would and when you call one a hit What is it 1 800 mattress you picked at the end time for delivery in you picked it to our window Seven days a week from 8 a.m to 10 p.m like noon to two one 30 to three 30 like that I've been sleeping on a mattress in these people for years and believe you me my back is the only good part of my body on a sales prices fantastic service every day low prices same day delivery and free set up and removal so it's easy to see My dollar mattress is ranked the best in the world of customers satisfaction don't get sucked in don't be fooled by these so-called Fakers and the mattress industry furniture stores They can match what you get from dollar mattress today tomorrow every day pick up the phone and call him tool free you'll be glad you did 1 800 mattress 1 800 ma ttr Yes, or check them out online at mattress dot com She doesn't know I want to add the Dad We run time over all the theater now. Absolutely. Unless you tarot, we go for dawn and energy. This is the control to make our own. You're totally 70. But you live outside of the living area. And that's how long you got to come and pick it up. Yeah, that means you're the back door. Yeah, this is made of wood, to arm or toe. I got a few complaints. How the heck I suppose would be the one to solve. Who when you forget to give me a present for you, who? What's this? Why you don't give me my sub-packet? Oh, that's a friend. To put on the sub-packet again. Oh boy, isn't going to be a real bad fight. You left out my block of fire, where are you? What are you thinking? Go back. See, we didn't put the chainsaw on a pole, so we don't have to worry about defending him. Because we don't have any less than anyway. How many we got? 4, 5, not 30. 10, 48, at 5, 60, WCM. So here's the email I get right before the show. Just must be your coincidence. Yeah, yeah. About a quarter to 10. Somebody wanted to make sure that I got it right here. Just before I went on the air, so I wouldn't rip him to bed. Didn't work. Didn't work. Wait, did you hear this? Don't interrupt him, Miguel. Okay, don't start playing that game on him. You do enjoy your jolt of time. Here's the, I'm just relax. Okay, everybody here is so goddamn uptight. Yeah, turn the speaker up, so I can hear it. Schmidt Ed. Schmuckhead. So here's Kenza email. Neil, I'm really sorry for making you wait on Saturday. I was waiting right outside the airport to get you. When one of my drivers got stuck behind an accident, it would have been seriously late for a customer in Boca. So obviously the customer in Boca was a lot more important than I was. The only adjustment I could make was to send a car from an office based next to the airport to get you as I had to bolt from Miami to Boca, and I made it in 35 minutes. He brags. Well, lots of like the time I stood there, cooling my heels right outside God M. G. G. waiting for some asshole to pick me up, Ken. He was all the way to Boca by the time somebody finally picked me up so to speak. The back entrance to the airport where I was waiting was blocked off by construction, and that Miami office is located back in that area. The driver did have to take a detour to get into the airport. That's why he took so long to get you. He... Needless to say Saturday was a bad day. Now you get in warmer, Ken. I don't really want anybody else to drive you, but I feel I had to make an exception that day. I feel bad that you had to wait. Well, that makes two of us, Ken. I hope the driver was okay for you. Oh, unfortunately I was unable to give him him. Him, him. Any direction to your house. Him. Let me know if I can make it up to you. No, go away, Ken. Just go away. Don't go away, man. Just go away. Go pick up rumour. Pick up rumour, Denise, and stuck them in the trunk together. Pappapapaya. Siu can outshot the other one. Siu can drive the other one crazy first. Pappapapap. Yeah. Anyway, how's that pull coming 64 votes? Which ethnic or racial group is most? Protective slash paranoid about its own. 64 votes, Black 34, Jews 15, Cubans 12, Muslims 3 and a Titans. Oh, don't have any yet. Except for Joe Dodgiolla who's all been on the shape of the godfather came out. That's a long time ago. That's many, many moons ago. How many years that was? About 30 minutes. Oh, go. That's right. 72, 73, something like that. But the Italians made a big stick about that. But now we've worked on them and find me. So, okay, you're right. We're all about to gangsters. We're about to cross weed all mine. But don't care. We used to that. We like to super-ano's anyway. Okay. Ministers, urge is it like freezing and here is my imagination. Plus, the corporate, I can't handle it. I'm not going to do the show in here. I'm going to do out on the hall. No, there's something wrong in this room. I'm already like, you know, gagging and puking. And what is that on about 40? 68. But 30 minutes. You know, I don't want to be made to feel, well, it's one thing to make you feel at home. But I feel like I'm in Toronto outside with no clothes on. And I've put that already, okay. 68. My fat ass. Yeah, freezing in here. My left ear is already plugged up. This is, let's get the guy to blow out the vents while we're on here. We'll just play music. This is not acceptable. And you wonder why the people in this building are walking around with strip throat and all sick. And puking or guts out? Probably saw screw in. Ministers, urge support for Miriam Elephant says the story in a son sentle here. I'm holding in my hand right now. I'm a story to, hey, Miriam, just like can go away. Okay, go away. You're inept in the company. Just like can. You're inept. Maybe your attention's are good. But just like can, you can't get it done. You've always got your life is just filled with crises. And you can't get the balance out on time. And with that big 2004 election come up. Do we want to go through that again and floor it up? No. And be the laughing stock of the world and put bush in there again. Thanks to the fact that they're going to, his brother's going to diddily lend a bring a Catherine Harris back. You see, she's going to run for the Senate now that bitch. Catherine Harris now that Graham's not going to run again. When did they announce that? What do you mean when did they announce it was on our website or with a weekend? If you, if you look at something beside your penis, you'll find out. Okay. Although I realize it takes a lot of concentration. If you look on our website all as great bedtime stories I've been putting on here, you'd read that Catherine Harris is considering a run. She's got their runs like my rich aunt because she drinks too much dide soda. By the way, my my galle case she haven't heard that. Don't drink too much dide soda because you'll get dired like my rich aunt. That was the ball report for my mother yesterday. Gotta give me a BN report on everybody. Everybody in the family. How many ball movements they had this week? About third man. Were they firm? Did they sink? Did they float? Stuff like that. I don't want to hear about your B.M.s mom. I didn't come home. I hear about Schmidt. I got enough Schmidt in this place. Ministers are at support. Several black churches act for cross-election Steve. Some black ministers took to their pulpits yesterday morning urging support of embattles supervisor elections Murrayman elephant while others ignore the issue and one black preacher backed a fired election department employee. Let the governor know we don't approve of what's been happening. Said the Reverend Eric Jones at the 1045 AM service at Kanoña Worship Center in Carver Ranches. He told Congress the bomb bar governor bush with email Sunday regarding elephant. I'm not joking. I'm already getting like a raspy throat. I'm sitting in this room for two hours and twenty three minutes. This is a sick building. There is disease in this building. And I'll be guide them if I'm going to come back here and get sick again. Once the last time I was out with a cold or anything like a scratchy throat. I wouldn't know. A long ago before you even were here. Ages ago. But sitting in a course last time. I've not the time before last in February. I was here. What do I have? Right. A stroke. Really? Yeah. A freaking stroke from being in this building. No, just from being fat and out of shape and sitting on my ass here all day and have it all that food out there. Oh, like the 40 pounds. See, this place needs some leadership. That's what's wrong with this radio station. I'm glad I came back this week. Just so I could take a look at your mind myself. This place has no leadership. We got, it's like the sisters in a blind and the, and their weak sisters is what's running this place. Got nothing. There was a nice guy who got the balls of a fruit fly and they got clearance who don't have any balls. They sure all drive limos. Oh, I did get my paycheck early. Thank you, clearance. You're the best on that. But everything else you suck. That's what the be said. He said you suck. Here's our best in the, I'll total. Let's get close to that $40,000 mark. There's Miguel looking at me who said with a straight face. Oh, we'll make $90,000. No problem. We do it every year. Yeah. What a comedian. What a clown. What a clown. Of course you notice if we had the disk in the stores like we used to. We used to have them in specs and peaches or whatever. How might still be in business or borders? That would be doing business every day. Are we doing business every day? No. No. 38,680 for a band of pet rescue. We're going to get to 40,000 by the end of the week. I'm leaving. I'm getting out of here. By the end of the week. I'm telling it right now. If we don't make 40 grand by Saturday. I'm leaving. If we do make 40 grand by Saturday. I'm leaving. Alex says, hey, you're out. We've blessed here in Tennessee. PS dolphins offensive offensive offensive. Keep up the good work and Mo is a major asshole. Well, I think it's all about their Alex. Take first base and then go around the bases around and around and around. Okay. Keep running around in circles. 98 votes on there. Blacks have got 50. Miriam. They're sick and tear to your crap. The O.J. crap and the Miriam elephant crap. Every time a black person kills on it. Oh, he didn't do it. It's a white thing. It's a white thing. I'm never going to finish till 2 o'clock. I'm telling you right now. Can't you hear the way I'm losing my voice? It's getting raspy. Do I have a cold? No. Do I have allergies? No. Do I have a allergic to this place? You're smiling, but it's not like I'm making this up. I'm not for real. I'm not putting out of voice, which is just real voice anyway. Maybe that's why I got it. But there's no way I'm doing a whole week worth it. I'll do them from home on the phone. I'll call you. In fact, I can be home by 1130. Ken's out there with a limo waiting to pick me up right now. As a matter of fact, I can be home by 1130 by 10 AM or PM. If we call Ken, I can be home by 1130 tonight. You can walk home faster. Can you a piece of crap, man? You're an idiot. You're very sad. And he's probably thinking, oh, but I didn't charge him. Nothing but I always gave everybody a nice. He even has been animal lady. I gave her 60 buck tip. No, seriously. She just got off the banana. You're laughing. She just got off the banana boat. He got her from an office at the airport. And my airport is that tight enough? See, you don't have to be too swift to figure out who he's going to get. Where are we going? Where are we going? Or the human address? But they know giving me an address? Can Pasa, you would say? No, she's talking maybe to a crab. I'm thinking, are you some kind of a moron? She said, ah, see? See, see, sir? She was squeezing out wheel, so goddamn tight. She could have just crushed it. She was, I thought I saw blood rippin' out of it in the wheel too. I'm almost positive. I'd like to see blood rippin' out of can. Oh, what a sweet thought that is. You are such a loser, can, but again, keep in mind. I'm under he knows my church. Because they both know Rimmer. 10th is freezing in here, man. It's freezing, uncle. I'm going to catch like pneumonia in this place. I say lawsuit. lawsuit against the beeslaze. This is an unfit. And like I said, we got a bunch of whims out there who won't stand up for anybody. Engineering is the same old thing every time. But I'm doing a show on Toronto. I'm in a comfort of my own apartment. I can control the temperature. It's very comfortable. There's no allergies. I got out of bed in the morning. I don't have to drive through all the asshole traffic. I was sitting down in the studio. I do a fine show. Everything is great. Everything is fine. Nobody screws around when you equipment. Cause there ain't nobody in there. Nobody deals with everything. Not here. This is the home of the dealer. Uh, 10 57. See, I can't even grab good from this place. Even my groups. Even my burps are raspy now. Do you hear that? Hey, if you're underpaid and overworked like Scott and Miguel. Maybe like a new hot pan career, but you don't have four years to wait to waste on college. Here's the answer for you. Call time drag. He'll get you new job. Thought we'd like to get him one. Okay. Pick it up garbage with his teeth. Call fast train today. Tull free. 1866 fast train. They can have a train in certified for a high-paying computer. Network professional career or eye paying medical computer specialist in those rules four months. That's correct. You can be fully trained ready for new careers. A little four months fast train offers day evening weekend classes. They offer your job placement assistance. And financially, they lose who qualify. And can you really believe they're paying for these spots with a kind of crap copy. Todd Rick gives us. I can't believe they pay for this stuff. What my skies they must be. And fast trains got six convenient locations. It could in four right here in South Florida. This year, we even better cause they're bound to be one year by you. So if you want to get out of your dead end, if you want to get a real job, if you want to say goodbye to your asshole boss and your colleagues, call fast train right now. Tull free. 1866 fast train. Check them out first on the web if you like it more info. Call fast train.com. And then make that call. It could change your life in a really positive way. Call fast train. Tull free. It's 1866 fast train. My life in local. We're sports radio five 60 series. 2AM. The Mac and I. This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. I just pay mark. Don't use that kind of language around me. Or vertical balling. Yes, I have to stop that. If they friends, when they roll into down they are a sight to see. Those five well-traced game men and big SUV. Transting and gigantly on my TV. Those queer eye for the strength guys are more like five women to be. Yeah. They care of your bedroom and throw out your clothes. Wax your eyebrows, cluck your hair from your nose. They're good at bench art but to face it to dream. Because those queer eye for the strength guys are more like five women to me. Huh? Oh, they can't read away. With the things that they say. They're so happy in me. Don't let me know. You're fine yourself shopping for fresh folk curry. Those queer eye for the strength guys are more like five women to me. It's okay. Everyone went so bad now and then. Look at that. Oh, nice here to save it. I don't know. But if they're in town please send caution and his friends to me. Level four, five, sixty, too many whims, too many faggotts here at QM. Nobody with a firm wrist man. Nobody to really get the iron. That's what we need iron. Mike, he's looking for a job now. He'll come in here and kick some ass. Right? Let's give Mike Keenan here. What do you say? All right. He'll run this place. You'll see no more BS man. Oh, gee, Greg. It's a fight to Hong Greg. No more that. No more that limprist that approached the broadcasting. Get some macho guy in here. Like me. Anyway, here's a hurray. One of our former sponsors. Who's looking for another free plug. Hey, listen, I appreciate it. He wants to come in and do an evaluation of our workspace. You know the ear. The only problem with that is is this place going to pay for that? No, they're going to allow it. No, no. Because they know that even if you did it for free, you're going to find this place. They would condemn this place the first minute. I get and then they'd have to pay him off too. Just like they probably pay off the elevator inspectors. You know they got to you because the certificate is on the thing that any elevators you know that they had to pay somebody on. There's no way those elevators are going to pass any inspection because they're always breaking down. You never had a problem with the elevators. One of them lands kind of hard. Oh, really? Well, it's about the only thing in this place that's kind of hard. I'll tell you then. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'm not making it up. I'm not trying to be like, oh, he's such a sour pussy. Such a no, it's just a come in here already in a sour mood because a limo story. But other than that, everything's fine. Accept the fact that rains and cats and dogs 24 hours a day. And it's 100 degrees in the shade and humid is hell. Other than that, what's not to like? Right? What's not to like about this place? Especially those dolphins. Okay. Yeah, and I were talking and I heard code. Oh, right. Two in a row. This is an organization of sour posts that if they lose one game and Waaaaah! Waaaaah! If they lose one game and two years. Waaaaah! Now they lose two games in a row. Side by each back to back. You can just imagine these suicide that's going on out there, huh? Decreased to surplus population makes them room for the rest of us. Nothing but suicide. And then, of course, the dolphins five and four now with a little girl quarterback. Yeah, it's kind of tight at the extent of how desperate it is when you're praying. If you're a dolphin fan, you're praying for J. Feezer to come back. Oh, that tells you how bad Brian greasy is. Plus, Brian, you're still as ugly as daddy, man. You are brutal. Keeps dropping it and dropping it and just, hey, here's somebody. If 20 yards down the field come, oh, there we go to mall. There goes, like a wet watermelon seed like Rick Weaver would say. 130 votes on a pool Black 62 which ethnic or racial group has the most protective slice perinoid about its own. Black 62 Jews 36 Cuban 23, 23 Cubans, Muslim seven and Italians too. I must let somebody off of there. Here's our first call. I bet it's going to be great. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, that is. I told you. Here's coconut creek. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, you had a great show on about the stories and about bush. Yeah, I'm going to talk to old people, sir. Okay. 567560. I want to talk to somebody under the age of 90 who isn't just one of the chronics. Okay, that would be nice. Otherwise, we just might not take any phone calls here today. We'll play a lot of music. So I can clear my lungs up. Here are my pipes. 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's for a lot of day. Hello. Yeah, I do a nail. Okay, sir. Are you going to be our first real call today or not? I was a limo driver for 16 years. Yeah. Okay. And I have the most sympathy for you because of the mind used to get in screen fights with my boss all the time. Because these schedule things were wrong. And it would wind up leaving people sitting there, calling up a company and not even bother giving them a company. I'm factoring them over a complete sheet where the person lives, how to get there and everything else. Yeah. I mean, this happened countless times. We lost many accounts because of stupidity. I mean, I'm sure that if you were in a way 35 minutes, you would have had somebody your friend wait for them to get up. You know, something I could have gotten in a cab. There were eight million cabs. Even though it would cost me an arm and a leg. I don't have a few bucks. I could have afford a cab. I could have gotten a cab within 10 seconds when I walked out there to the curb. Right. And let that be a message to all of my job. I drove them over for 16 years. So I can speak. Let all of them are driving show respect. Yeah. And also limo owner. And then he's got the hoods for the semi-enemiel to brag about the fact he made it all the way up to Boken 35 minutes. So in other words, by the time I finally got my ass into the car, he was already in Boken taking care of somebody was obviously much more important than I am. That's right. Exactly. Cool him. Thanks a lot, Paulian. Have a great day. And don't do it again. Here's a guy that probably screwed over a few people. He's not too happy about it. At least he's honest to the apologizes for it. He will limo drivers out there with those wrong with you people, man. And then this Ken guys always tell me, oh, well, gee, everybody's always complaining when we have to put up with it. Well, I can see why. I can see why. As in C YA, which is what you try to do with a damn email. Cover your ass. Forget about it. Thanks for the memories. But no thanks. Okay. tragic. Here's a facts from a slimy slamming Sammy. People over 35 should be dead. It's in to me. Okay. That's I feel like it already. I'm checking out too. Like all the good calls we've had so far, it's going to be great. I don't care. I'm ready for a lot of good calls. I don't care what they are. There's no difference. If you're reloading tick on a planet calls, it's fine with me. I really mean that. I don't care how you can talk to blind Mike. My, my, my, my. I want to hear some jingos. My, come on. Let's go. That's here a few jingos. Because that's the least of my problems. I still get paid. My pay text showed up early on the seven. Today is the tenth. It's paid. They sent it on the seventh. So it'd be there when I got home. Just to impress me. Oh, look at that. And you were even paying you early. Don't you like us a lot? No. Don't you love the beeslears? No. Don't you love working for these people? No. Only the money. And that's only because it's in a contract. Believe me. They cry. Every 10 that they send that check out. They cry. They cry. I'm not serious. And of course, Scott, when he gets his check, he cries. For a different reason. Right. Here's Miami. Hello. That sounds like you. Yes, sir. Hey, you. How you doing? Pussle. Hey, uh, that show skin that I can't cancel. Yeah. I think they are not looking black dude and jail. Isn't that clearance Thomas the son from the moth's closet? Yes, it is. And he's 100 years old. Can you believe that? He is. I thought that was incorrect. How come they cancel that show? I thought it was okay. I thought it was a pretty good flesh in that show. Yeah, that's definitely that. Hey, listen. Hey, maybe the Reagan's got to cancel. Yeah. We're ready. They got together in the bushes. You think your thin bomb greasy was clinching up in the bush when he was watching his bottom get gay. Where he gets your nose? Yeah. Oh, man. Oh, no. Why you? I was sick and moving, uh, Brian and uh, Brock Berlin could get together and make Little girl quarterback. It's a good thing he wasn't listening to him on a broadcast because Moth did say gang rape is funny. He did say that. I have a great day pal. You're out of material. Please, I hope. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 from WQAM and pound five 60. You got a lot of good stuff in here. I can't believe that. I can't wait till Friday. We just play Moth drop-ins today. Look how much Scott's making. 50 a day? 10. 11 past 11 at 5, 60. I see there's no show betting at Pablo Parcabot and I ripped them while I'm doing their spokers. They're fine. We're going to see if they're going to get upset. So Kevin Wallace and Brad Cramer at Windsor Raceway last night. Fat Rich just misses the rich. I'll be there tonight, Rich with bells on. Okay. I'm going to go to the hockey game tomorrow. I'm going to make the best of it this week. You know what I'm saying? Unless I'm sick from this place. Oh, man. And where is Moses? Isn't Moses supposed to be here last week? Oh, no. Now don't tell me he's not going to show up because that's going to like a like Tessio said screw up all my plans. We got to get rush all that oxy-compton. Or he's never going to get out. 12 minutes after 11 at 5, 60 WM. Hey, all you harness racing and horse racing fans. Pompado Park is doing it. It's their 40th anniversary season. The track featuring top mic time horse racing and high stakes poker. What I just say new post time for the first race at Pompado Park tonight and every Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday. 7-05-PM and the poker room is now open again from noon and midnight every live racing day. Audio old cochars go out and if you like your poker. A low. Pompado Park is open seven days a week and nights featuring the best in Simal casting. Harness through a bread high-l-l-action fall across North America including Mohawk and Woodbind of course. And don't forget that general parking in the mission are always free at Pompado Park today for the live racing. New this season at the track of 20% increase in Pursas. A nightly giveaway of a $400 betting voucher and a revamp free power play rewards program that gives you points for either betting the horses or playing poker. They can redeem for special gifts and betting vouchers. And every Wednesday at a Pompado Park is dollar night. Dollar draft beers hot dog sodas and lots more. Pompado Park a black-side Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the Racing schedule. You can call 9-5-4-9-7-2-2000 or go online at Pompado Park.com. Pompado Park where Wally Hennesse is most definitely the anti-crise. My life. My life. This is Fort Radeel-56. In the way of the New Way. Let's get a life. Mom is proud of you, Mom. Nice to go, baby. When and down, let it out. You see that in March of the TV? Put the finger up there, bro. Well, what's up to know? What's up to know? What Christian Superb Bonds? Read five little in the corner. While fondly there nugs. Well, what's up to know? What Christian Superb Bonds? Most of my can-tasty from the past with a kiss. With a very passive back-o-rody and cheese. That holds in the bed. She just did a daily produce. That gives her about all her allowed to do. What's up to know? What's up to know? What's up to know? What's up to know? What's up to know? What's up to know? What's up to know? Do they get a swollen pun? While leaning out there gums. What's up to know? What's up to know? What Christian Superb Bonds? Do they always have the fish? Mom can't gain anything from what's up to know? What's up to know? What Christian Superb Bonds? She just did a daily produce. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her about all her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. That gives her good. A 171 votes with ethnic or racial group is most protective or paranoid about its own people. Blacks 80 like Mary and elephant for example, Jews 53 like myor landscape. You ever heard of Jews defending myor landscape? No. No. Cubans 28 Muslims 8 and Italians 2 two grease balls out there, huh? 2 for the Italians. So we got a whole bunch of texture which is good. Well that's good. No, for you a flush line me ain't coming until Thursday. That means maybe you can get a scan somebody's hockey tickets before he gets his ass in it. See, I don't understand that. George you're really fell down on the job on at you. He's supposed to be here today. He was supposed to be here today. He was supposed to be here a week ago, okay? Moishi? Not cutting and motion. I'm going to have to stick your daddy on your. Oh, speaking of your daddy. Oh, this prince Charles thing. I have been telling the audience for years. There's a lot more than one queen in Buckingham Palace. I've been telling them that. They said, oh, yeah, that knee I want to clown. No, I told you. Anyone know how he knew that because they're brits. The brits, brits guys are almost all queens. Almost every one of them. Oh, yeah, it's like spicks. Same thing. I'm market down. Top 8 quiz Charles about his sexuality. I got a thing here. I'll take some calls for us, but it goes on a great length of me. Daily mirror of London. And great length. It's about this long. He said, that's why they and each to laugh all the time. Here's a lady in Abinsure. Hello. Hi, Neil. I'm delighted to have you for a day. Thank you. And you need to suck on his tank cost drop. That'll help you. I'm not sucking on anything right now. I knew I opened the door for that. What about my thanks to the VanLady for my nice birthday card. Thanks, sweetheart. I hope you feel better. Go ahead. You're welcome. No, not you. With the family. Oh, I know. With that's me. Oh, it's not. Okay. I said I talked to anybody, but not her. She's a lunatic. She's crazy person. 560505051. Aren't they all? No, they're not all. Most. Here's the call from Pompanoh. Hello. Hello. You're served. Here's the call from Pompanoh. Hello. You served. Here's the call from Pompanoh. Hello. You served. Here's the call from Pompanoh. Hello. Hello. You served. Cross brings. Hi. Good morning. Good morning. First time call. Well, I heard before someone died. Someone. Someone. You heard before. What? He's gone. He's dead. Someone's gone. I think he just got right out of the goddamn plane. I like that. Just like what's your name? He's almost dead on passions. What's it? I'm good thing Julian brought her back in there. That's right. Well, why did you do that? I'm going to beat you. I'm going to kill you. That TC man. Just kind of take a couple of doggy donors. What did TC just just one? I'm trying to think of where to help we left off on Friday on that show towing. Oh, Charlie. Charlie is floating up on sure she's running around. They got the lights on Charlie. They're on the island. They got her cornered. Oh, by the way. Little Jerry would have squiggly head. Right. You have to waste your time. You have to sign these. It's always you. Okay. But the fact I'm here now. You can waste some of our fast people. Which I see you're doing already. Little, squiggly. Right. And Jerry. It's been facting me for six years with it. You're so this. But you're listening. You're listening to every single bit of every day. You got your thumb deep up your ass. Listen to this show and massage your prostate. Which is probably good for you. Oh, no. No, no. Why is he doing that? Why is Jeff from the pizza locked on this? This just just frost my fat ass. You're getting fucked. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't talk to the caller. Not people. I like you. Okay. Now I just wanted to tell you. I'm going to come and visit you. No, no, no, you're not. No, you're not. You're not bringing me any food. I don't have to bring food. I have to go there to talk to the salespeople. I don't know what I'm going to say hello. Hi, girl. Past your place in Davy last night when I went to Walgreens in a plantation rather. Yes. And it helped look really lonely in there. I have a. I have certain things to tell you about. Yeah. I think there'd be some changes. Yeah. But nobody will ever listen to me. Now you see one thing I've learned in my life. All these hundred years that I would. Is you can never tell anybody anything because no matter how smart I am, everybody else is so much smarter. You know what I mean? I'm not going to do with smart. It's the same thing with kids. You keep they don't want to let it all. I don't want to let it all. I mean, we have to learn a hard way. It's human nature. Everybody has to learn from their mistake. I have friends like that. No matter what I try to tell them, they're smarter than me. They know what all okay. Go ahead. Screw up your life. Have a good time. Go out and get sort of disease. The good thing is. Don't want to hurt our penicillin. If you learn from your mistake, you're okay. It won't learn from them. Then you're an idiot. That's what Algo seems to have another good friend. That's another man with a lot of problems. Yeah, yeah. Well, that's why I threw him in there, right? Hey, by the way, Al. Let me have the keys to your apartment in Amsterdam. Okay, you're not using it. He's never going to get to go there again because he can't leave the country. I don't think he's healthy enough to go, man. He's taking a beat. What do you mean by that? That's the way you're physically. By her, you lost 100 pounds, but that's not the way to do it. Yeah. Anyway, it's good to have you in town. No, it's not. No, it's not. It's not good to be in town. It's good to have you in town. No, it's not. No, it is not good to be in town. It's good. It's a night. Why? Why is it good for you to be in town? Because I could come and be a pain in the ass and see you and, you know, I don't want to see you. You know what you're like? I know what you're exactly what you're looking like. You never change. I have a new look. We're talking about my airs even shorter. Yeah. That's why nobody's failing in plantation anymore. I want to see some skin head. I'm in Davy now. The Davy is my store. Also in other words, you're not connected with the other one? At the end of the year, that'll be a different name and a different person there. No, no, no, no. Yeah. So, I'll tell you I'm going to detail it. Or it'll even be a different name. Yeah, just don't tell anybody, okay? Okay. We don't want anybody to know. You know, they got the what that. Yeah, look. Yeah, there you go. Okay. Anyway, so it's good to hear from you. I'm about your good buddies. The Dolphins, baby. That was a beautiful performance. Thank you very much. See, I'm thinking, you know, Pat Riley was smart enough. He quit before they could fire him. Because they lose every game. And they're going to have a listen to me. My keen and gets canned after the game in St. Louis. And I'll once that if Wayne had any brains at all, once that will be canned already, he'd be fired. Not true. They're going to still end up 10 and 6 and they're going to have to. So, you're going to kick their ass on Sunday. You're a dream in man. You're a, you're a Nlawal. You're one of those. See, see, this is what kills me about Dolphin fans. Yeah, like me. I'm a Lee fan. They actually play better. And I thought they would. But at least I know when they suck. Oh, my team is the best. We're going to win the Stanley Cup or talking Super Bowl. All the fans down here always, they're in delusional state like you. You're your dreamin. That's what a fan is. Yeah. We're just, we got that. That's what we have to take showers in a back there with a lot. That doesn't mean you have to get that tight with them, you know. Well, you know, I happen to have been a Dolphin fan from 1966. Well, my son of these kids. My, come as a raise. And I can sit. I plan. I keep me mad up. And they're going to come back and surprise everybody. Yeah, okay, Jeff. I'm sure that everybody in soft thought it feels a lot better here. And you see that everybody has up. So down. Right. Just like the pizza loft. There, there are manic the presses with no upsets that often. Problem. That is a bomber. Have a great day, Jeff. I'll see you soon and don't bring any food in here. That's going to be on to you. I'll put that down. Please run all to a problem. Okay. Take care. Bye bye. Wow. 28 past 11. Nobody will ever listen to me. You know, my whole life. That's one of my great frustrations. You try to tell people things for the wrong good. Oh, what is he? No, it's so negative. And then right away, well, we're going bankrupt. I'll tell you a place that's really great. One of the best kept dining secrets in town at Sagoan Strong in South Florida. It's a crossbrings, gold, coasty food grill. They just celebrated their one year anniversary and they got three and a half big bulging stars from the Sunsetville Showtime dining review. The gold coasty food grill's got all kinds of great dishes including mango plum salmon. Almond crushed at my hemeahi. Orange honey glazed sea bass and crab and shrimp stuffed trout. There's a great bar atmosphere at the gold, coasty food grill. With an extensive wine and martini list, big fat martinis at happy hour. Only five and a half bucks from Fort Boat Dammit. The levels on his board are in nightmare. Originary departments sucks in case I forgot to tell you that. Jesus. Big martinis at happy hour. Only five and a half bucks from 4 to 7 PM every day, seven days week. The gold coasty food grill and crawl springs at 27.52 north university drive. Inside the beautiful prestigious walk shopping center. 9.54 25 five fishes number for reservation more information. 9.54 25 five fish. You can die inside around side large parties and private functions welcome to experience the best kept secret in lunch and dinner dining. It's the gold coasty food grill and crawl springs. And you're five of a 27.52 north university drive. Inside the walk shopping center. You'll always find great seafood and great prices at the gold coast seafood grill. My life and look all this is Fort Radio 5.60. You way too way. Yes! Are you searching for a new sensation in dining? If you're tired of that same old bump and grind then why not revisit an old friend and eat at the why? The ass right folks because here at the why we've turned our old facilities into a mouth watering buffet and you've never seen us red like this one. Featuring some of the most delicious on trays you've ever tasted. And if you like eating Mexican you'll love the why because every night is taco night. Or if you enjoy the taste of wild game. Our chefs prepare our lunch, snacking, sauteed rabbit, baked in a golden flower crust. That's right. Air pie! It's all here. Literally mounds of piping hot food including juicy snakes cooked medium rare. Because when you eat at the why, all the meat is in the middle. Or if you like spicy food, here's an unusual on tray. A red hot, seasoned, you'll say. Talk about a piece of ass that brings tears here eyes. It's lips cracking good to show you what for minutes. So the next time you eat out, slide on down to the why. No, it just not the pretty highway, I'm a number one, I think. You eat a go by. You're good. Spoon in the wild. 26 till noon at 5.60 WQ. I don't know some people probably we need it to why all weekend long. What all leaves already had this story on why are you people facts and me stuff that we are going to be talking about. What do you think about this on Friday? Joan Crock leaving $2 million to NPR. Remember that? Remember that Scott? Yeah. Now what are you listening to? Are you listening to TV? Scott is listening to TV. Oh, I'm not. Well, what are you listening to? I have a buzz in my ear. No, no. I just, I could hear it in the ear with so loud. Scott's watching television. I said to him, you remember on Tuesday, we have a Friday we talked about. He doesn't even know I'm talking to him. I'm leaving. I'm getting out. I'm going to get up. Wouldn't that be something if I got up and walked out? I am so tempted. You have no idea. This, this just ain't working man. This, this studio, the levels are all over the goddamn place. Engineering is a disaster. A QAmenware of bearers by it and we're pissed off and fired up about it and Scott's an idiot who's watching television. You know, we need that TV in there like we need hemorrhoids. Okay. Why do we have a TV in there? Why, what is George? Have to have a goddamn TV in there. That's him again. That's George B. and George. And God damn playboy TV and I want to titty crap on there. We don't need that. Which both of me do an radio show. I mean, if there's something in the world going on like here's CNN. There's a chicken flap. They're flabby at the KFC. That's the hot story. There's nothing going on. More dead bodies in Iraq. It's about it. Here's a fact from a Denver fan who says, have it a hear you and banana town Florida. Came in just in town to see those sorry mimey for fans morning. I love that as after disastrous weekend. Love that dolphin defense says the Denver fan. Well, this way to the Patriots kick your ass. And that's right there we did. 560 505 60 pound five 60 on the AT and T. And Verizon wireless line. Give a good lot of great calls on here today. Prince Charles is a queen. They thought he was waiting to be king. Well, come to fight out. He's going to be king a queen. Now, let's see 38. 680. What do we get? Do we need these checks up that we got today? We got supposed to be keeping. No, no, no. I was just going to be there. One of us was I should have was my full. I should have because it was probably like around 37 39 grand. Now, we'll get to 40 by the end of the week. I'm getting out of this place. Prince Charles was questioned about his sexuality by his most senior aided. Merge yesterday says the daily mirror of London. Sir Michael Pete had a face to face meeting with Charles just after becoming his private secretary in August of last year. A real spokeswoman said the touch scheme and all sorts of rumor and in you window. Yesterday Charles flew back from Oman to receive to face a renewed storm over claims of an incident between a servant and a senior royal. The prince denies this ever to place. Former press adviser Mark Bowlen said peded asked him. Do you think Charles is bisexual? Royal aide, Sir Michael Pete, a man with reputation for seeking the truth. Talked face to face with Prince Charles last year as rumor and in. You went to a rage at emergency yesterday. Their meeting was revealed as Charles flew home from the Gulf into a growing fure. Over a former servant's claims to a witness an incident involving another palace employee and a senior royal. The rape. This is not a new story by the way. The start was out months ago. Really? Oh yeah about how one of the senior palace employees was supposedly raped while one of Charles's servants. I must have been watching TV. Charles declared on Thursday night that he had no part in that and he said the incident did not take place. Yesterday the controversy was re-agnetted when his former press adviser Mark Bowlen said Sir Michael had asked him. Do you think Charles is bisexual? Would you like some spotted dick with your lunch? Clarence House is now indicated that Sir Michael Charles's private secretary did have a post-apposed meeting with the Prince of the Scus rumors circulating about his sexuality. He's a fag! He's another queen. And of course Prince said where we know he's a fag and Prince Andrew I'm here to the fag. Huh? And Prince Harry he might as well because he's so goddamn ugly. Right? Sure? The moment he awed cheeks. Back home. Yeah, there too. Now let's see there is a thing in here in the story. This is a very long story. I got time. No, I'm not going to read the whole thing. It's two because they don't care about it anyway. Uh, no, it talks about the incident. Oh, here it is. Former royal valet George Smith claims he was raped by a royal servant at St. James Palace. Mr. Smith, a veteran of Faulklins, the big lost malvinist war. Co-princes Diana and she's interested with take to story. There have been investigation. And then they would have been reason why they authored. You know what? Then we want to kill the bitch. There have been three investigations in the allegations. The palace and police both found no evidence. A problast, you're by surmackle Pete also found nothing. Mr. Smith yesterday alleged he was stalked by a hooded gunman from 1966 beaten up until to keep your mob shutter. That'll be it. If you don't, I'm going to come in there physically. Remove that TV said. What are you looking at? The tab of life and the national on CNN. Why are you looking at it? First of all, it's not on our know. Just took a look at four of the most popular died. Now I had that story on our website. I got it here. It was on the estimate. It's on our website already. It's old news CNN. Okay, honey. Put something new on like Prince Charles's a fag. You are so easily distracted, man. It's just unbelievable. You must be hanging around with for well too much. Too many bad drugs. Ah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Too much bad drugs. Five, six, seven, five, 60. You know, they got the what? Yeah, look. Count five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Now let's see the schedule shows here. The mad dog is going to be really fulminent the mouth. Oh, right. He's going to be here too to for he is going to be suicidal. I bet. Then you got to Humphrey Choolas today for the seven. I guess I'm not going to see Hank today either. Oh, haven't seen Hank in months. It's supposed to be here tomorrow though. Maybe I'll still be here. Uh, Ricky, where you going to be sure what the cleaver. Ricky, man. Did you see when he got tackled by his hair. That time that's a third time to season it's half an already. Seriously, you saw it, didn't you? Yes, I did. He got tackled by his locks by his rostalox, which is one more good reason not to be where I know is okay. Looks like crap. Who's the other dude on the team? It's got the rostalox. There's one other guy. No, no, no, seriously. There's one other player on the two. No, I know. I know. I just don't know. He's got to say no. Let's go to the same barber. The Humphrey Choolas Ricky William Shool at the Cleveland United Seven Day to clap. That should be an embarrassment. And then you got the hurt cool hotline and they'd that should be like a wake at Tony Romas. Any K10 and Mark Eisenberg over. And I which means your custella went here tonight. Maybe Joe's going to just come in here and dittle with the board a little bit. That's what Scotch has told me, Joe. He said, you come in here and do your guests in your auto racing crap and you did over the board and screw up the equipment all that stuff like that. But then that's Scott. You know he's a star post. Here's come the rage, hello. Go ahead. Just go work. Just close the door on a T room there and talk all your while. Just talk to the little instrument, the little bull. 5 6 7 0 5 16. You know that's not going to be my man line nine. I've been trying to teach you this for a long time. You know what's going to be that chronic. Here's the chronic on nine. Is respect. Yes, see? 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T. No rush eight back yet is matter. Fact. He's still waiting for the guy. Democic on the show up this month. 19 till noon at five 60 W Q and we'll let you know when he's back. Okay, pal. We like to give him a go to a handy crap. Because he's full of it. You know, they got to what. Yeah, look, 1141 at five 60 Q M 233 votes on that poll. And this all stems from that merry mellifence there, which I know does nobody's talking about. That's okay. That's fine with me. It's like anything else they got nothing to say about it. Which ethnic or racial group is the most protective paranoid about its own people. Blacks 108 Jews 70 Cubans 42 Muslims 11 Italians too. We should have also put like a Catholic son there, even though they're not ethnic or racial. Should have put Catholics, right? Sure. For Dennis, hey Dennis, let's put some Catholics on there. Come on, Eric, let's go Catholics. Gays, let's put Gays on air too for Prince Charles. Oh, not he, not the road family. They're not engaging in that kind of buggery. I'm sure that. No buggery there at the guy. Demo Palace. 18 till noon at 5.60. WQM here's some big news of Halipoddy, GMC. Has just been voted the number one potty, GMC, the other one date, county and customer satisfaction. And our good close personal buddies, Tom Lim and Joe Prieto want to say, thank you for your support. Stop by Halip right now, check out the potty egg vibe. Normally, it retails for over 20 grand, but it Halipoddy egg right now this second. You can buy it fully loaded for 16,500 bucks plus tax and tech. I noticed Bob Eisenberg wasn't in here because he's giving me this piece of confidence. It's got all kinds of mistakes and plus he hasn't given us a dime for a ban and pet rescue. So we haven't seen Bob Eisenberg with his bad do. Halipoddy is your truck headquarters with over 300 to choose from including the Yukon and Yukon. And coming soon, the new N.V. SUV and the new N.V. SUV too, the most unique SUV in a market. Great Neil deals every day at Halipoddy, GMC, or like it says here at Halipoddy, Halipoddy, Ag Potty, GMC, 134.01, South Dixie Highway that she was one across them falls open every day, seven days a week. If you want more info, will you like board with like some kind of a mental defect? I mean, I just noticed in that this is something missing in your head. For more info called the Neil Rogers Neil the Alhotline toll free at 1.53442. He's trying to figure out what I'm talking about. I have never worked with anybody so strange in my life. On Tribal 853-444-4211, don't forget all offers subject to credit and approval. See the folks at Halipoddy tails. Halipoddy, Ag, GMC, unlike Scott, they are professional graze. My local V6 is 560. The ring is on your tongue. You win. What are those on your feet? One L.S.O.X. S.O.C.K.S. You just said kiss my- In Cantonese. Oh, I'm sorry. Don't be sorry. Hey, what's that around your waist? About spell it. E.L.T. You just told someone to f*** off in Zulu. Oh, my. And that's just one of the many techniques you'll learn with the National Profanix Language Cuset Program. National Profanix can have you cursing in Spanish, French, Italian, German, and a host of other languages in just a few weeks. So call 1-800-F*** you today because the most important thing you'll need to know about other cultures is how to tell somebody off. Hey, buddy, S.O.C.K.S. K.14-Galunut56. You're welcome. Happy Monday. I realize this is not a good day to be coming back here. Everybody's done. I'm first of all to Monday. Secondly, it's been raining like cats and dogs. And thirdly, the sports people are we cursed down here Jim. And I'll cry like a bunch of little children. And then my keen-ins gets a can. Where? Hey, Geldie, you're nothing but a suck-hole, okay? See, no matter what the organization does, if they would have shot my keen-in in the ass, who would have to get idea, I'm, yeah. I was at the higher than that. That's a good idea. Because he's a suck-hole for the organization. That's why you see him up there on a goddamn scoreboard between periods. He wants Joe's McDonald's job. So he's just going to no matter what they do. He has no credibility there. I have no credibility, and we're talking like he does. Like a baby. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. So I realized that you're down in dumps in here. I'm trying to cheer you up a little bit, right? No. Yeah, trying to make you feel a little bit better about life. Saw that thing on the news about 400 times over the weekend about the school we hit it on. There's, there's the earth thing. Not Friday. Goose Creek, South Carolina. There's the earth thing. Headed on Thursday, sort of live there on CNN. See, George tells Scott that instead of paying attention to me in the show he's supposed to be sitting there watching TV watching the news. See, it's all George. George is the one he creates. It's like Frank and Dr. Frankenstein. He creates all his monsters. There's like your prep predecessor in there. Like beiner boy. He was probably getting them the drugs. He creates all his own little monsters. And then he just kind of lost steps away. Oh, well, this one's a competent guy. I made him add a mistake. Oh, that kind of stuff. Why do I need you to be watching the news? I'm watching the skiing, the little kids skiing on air. And wish their Canada. He smoking some good crap there. But like eight year old kid. He smoking a big fat one. Well, it's wish their BC, you know. So I'll not find out what's going on in the world. What's that? My check. I already got my check. Is that another check? Good. There's no just keep bringing them in. Duff, just keep bringing them in the checks. What is that? Don't look at it. Just bring it in. Bring it in. He's looking at it. Maybe they made a mistake. Maybe they paid me twice. Don't be looking at it. I'll split it with you. Okay. I'll split 50, 50. Thank you. What is that? What is this? What is this for? One of them bonus? I don't know. I'll check it out. Let's you know later. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line. Like I said, I'm leaving. I'm getting out of here now. I can't believe that they did that. This is a company. I'm not saying nothing. And you're not either. If you know what's good for you. It's 11 before noon at 5, 60, WDQ. I mean, he's got my check. I would have sworn. Maybe that was another check for another day. I don't know. Body parts found in leaking FedEx package. FedEx workers discovered a shipment of two human legs in an arm where one of the boxes was found leaking at a company depopolis. I can't do that. I gotta give this back to you. They already paid me. I can't take this. It's a mistake. What you can come in right now. And I have to wait. I mean, I might change my mind before you come back. No, it telemits a thank you, but it's a mistake. I already got that check. It's already in the bank. No, no, no, let me take a look at the data. I just just to decide one more time. Because I like the amount. No, I mean, well, for the 20th. What do you mean for the 20th? That's not for the 25th. Don't that kid be right? Because that's got a talent check. She was just folks while we argue about my money. No, this is for the 10th. This is a mistake, okay? Although, you know what? Maybe you're right. Maybe this is the first part of the talent check. Maybe it's, uh, I'm not going to open your mic. And then get out of here. That microphone doesn't work either. Are you crazy? Maybe it's just a good faith thing. How do you like the way that sounds got sounds like a 10k? Hey, everybody, it's cool. Yeah, but I will screw it up a lot. Oh, shhh. See, I told you that I have to turn that on. Well, I don't know what to do with the update. I'll hold it. I promise you, I will not deposit. You find out what it is. Find out what it's for. I can't deposit it anyway unless I leave real quick, which is not a bad idea. Five, six, seven, so anyway, I saw that thing on, uh, the, all the news that were submitting times where they had the kids down on a floor with a drug bust at the, and, and if, and if we had one call about that, Oh, I'm sure you people saw it. And this is the way they got you conditioned in this fascist country that you're living in. And you just accept that. Everybody hit the floor. It's a drug bust with a guns drawn 15 crazy cops in some red neck, Yahoo, uh, school in South Carolina in Goose, neck, no less. Red, next in Goose, neck. Any, if public is sitting back there, oh, I want to talk about the dolphin. No, we're going to do the fry greasy blows and let's fire Dave wants that. And why say that let's fire Dave wants that? I say that's a great idea. Okay. Go ahead. He's a loser. He was a loser with a bear. He's a loser. Here's an idiot. Here's plantation. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. Hey, we know George will just try to prove his man. How do I have enough favor in the studio? He's a bag. Everyone knows that. 560, 50560, pound 560, on the AT&T of Verizon line. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes. I'm a long time hurricane span. I'm so sorry. No. It's been fun. But, uh, why? I mean, well, are you one of those people that paints up your face orange and green? I don't do that. Good. I don't enjoy watching them. But anyways, uh, it seemed to me like to this. He seems to have like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Are you talking sports to me? Yes. What, what, what, what are you talking about? You crazy person or what? He's talking about the hurricane. Uh, what they need the offensive line and don't actually, like, has got a big one. I mean, I don't want to hear about that crap or you nuts. These people are insane. You're right. You were right before it's the first time you've been right this year. 567. Can you believe this paycheck thing? I don't know why I should have just kept my mouth shut. Am I stupid or what? Yes. Yeah. I mean, maybe it's like a duplication. I should have said, hey, Claire's worth my check and stuff. What a comment. Oh, here it is, Neil. But I can't do that because then they'll catch it. Like, uh, then they'll, you know, fry my ass. 567. 560. Come on. Where's the action here? Where's the excitement? I'm back in town. Everybody's bitching. He's out of town too much. We got all this stuff to talk about here. And this guy wants to talk about the guy that offensive line of the freaking hurricane, who owns, okay? Are you a crazy person or what? Yeah. That's right. He's a hurricane fan. He answered the question already. What? What? Why do you have the, I can't, I'm going to put it like a curtain. So I'm going to have to see you know. Not forget to fact that you're that ugly because, you know, I mean, but just just the idea that you have these expressions that ordinary sane, rational people don't have, looks like that on their face. Ever. Ever. Man, if you people could see it. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. Hey, you know, you're not going to like this call, but what, what is that? What, what is that mean? I'm not going to like this call. I think you're not going to have to say, but how do you know that? Well, why are you pre, why are you pre judging? When I'm going to try it. Here's what I'm going to love it. Maybe it's going to be great, but I doubt it. Here's what I got to say. Yeah. Listen to, I'm 33. I've been listening to you for as long as I can remember. Right. Right. I'm raised here in my end. Right. And I'm a bad guy. It's lately, man. Every time I turn on the radio, you're just, it's winding and visiting and throwing it. Don't listen anymore. Thank you. I knew you were going to say that too. Well, I mean, that's that's really an option, but that's an option, but everything is so negative with you now. Like what? So the country's, you know, you talk about your paycheck to Canada so great. I never mentioned Canada once here today, and there was some awkward about Canada. But he talks about just, I mean, things, I guess I lost those ball games over the weekend. I'm the one that's also our better shape. I don't care about the ball game. I'm the one that screwed up all the equipment in here in this place. It made it like a, not house in a studio. I'm worried about you. I think you need to get a new outlook on life. No, no, I'm not getting any new outlook. I don't, I don't take advice from other people. How I should look upon life, okay? If you don't like to show, have a great life. Goodbye. Very, very simple. I don't take advice on what I should say. We already have enough people in this country who are being told to act like a parent and just repeat after us. You feel like you're like it. I'm not going to do that. It couldn't happen. Oh, you're so sour. And you're so negative about, bye bye. Very simple. Easy. Well, that's an option, but, but, and he's, you know, he's not going to do it. Is he going anywhere? No, of course not. That's going nowhere. All you want to do, and I'm the one who's supposed to be negative. You have nothing to contribute to this program. You have nothing brilliant to share with your fellow citizens of South Florida. And so what do you do? You can't take a cheap shot at me. I don't care. I got like, I don't even have my check in the bank. I got an extra check. How do you like that? Oh, yeah. I got checked up the ass. How do you like that sweetheart? I got money. That hasn't been printed yet. I got purple 20s for you to about the pink ones. They're past A. Plus it's bad for my image. 5, 6, 7, 0. If I knew I was going to have to come in here all week and look at you. Act like an asshole. I definitely would have stayed there. Here's plantation. Hello. Hi, Neil. The last guy I just called is totally all jealous. He's right on it. He's on it. I'm negative. Hey, but it's nice. I'll be back. I just want to ask if you have this. I'll go on Sunday. Yeah, I did see that. He was great. Yeah, that was tremendous. And somebody would have done that in 2000. You know what? Do you think that's going to be a thing where it's going to launch a M2? No. Are you kidding me? Al Gore, forget about him. He's as boring as a cigar store Indian. I know, but I thought the other guy could pass on that message, man. We just run over push. Well, you're right. No, don't say that because the public out there. They're still buying it. It was bull crap. It's astonishing to me. But the good news is the numbers are dwindling like crazy. In fact, the independence. He's already behind among the independence. And the latest poll against, he's like 50 50, would somebody that not didn't even have an amyette. In fact, here's the story from CNN, a poll release Saturday finds more registered voters want to see President Bush voted out than kept an office in the next election. How do you like that? 50 percent. 50 percent said the registered voters said they don't want to see him elected. 44 percent said they do. So that's why we need more of your bedtime stories that way. It did out there, man. Oh, yeah, then I'm going to make the difference, man. Make no mistake about it. And how about how about them, who recains? Have a great day, pal. Thanks, let's see. How about them, hurray cool and Zah, they're doing it. They lost two in a row. That's why everybody's stopped. Oh, you're so negative, Neil. This town is just a bastion negativity. Sitting there in Toronto most of the time doing the show and what do I get coming in the input. You can smell it. You can feel it. You know, even if you try to be positive about something, you can't do it in this town. I'll give you a classic example. I went to public yesterday morning when you take those stupid shades off. Jesus, God, are you an idiot? Is this man an idiot? God. Now, like I said, put him back on. I go to public yesterday morning and I got a few things. So one of my good friends that you old guy there, the back boy, 90 year old, back boy, he's a good guy. And I leave and I get my beautiful corvette as I'm leaving. Here's a woman coming in in a big, she's rather like an SUV or something. So as I'm going to make the turn to go out to the exit, obviously, there wasn't enough room. So I just sat there and I waited and I let her make her turn. So instead of like nodding or thank you, like she just didn't eat that. Like a dirty look, you know, like the typical soft load. Like, oh, gee, you're going to pay the knee ass, you know. As opposed to like an civilized place, like Toronto as I just used it. As an example, I'm sure there are others I haven't found a bit. What do people would have said? Thanks, have a great day. Thanks very much. No, instead of that, she gives me like the old. Hey, hey, you. And you want to know why she's miserable? Because she's probably stuck here, you know. Probably had a couple of illegitimate kids. Leavened 57 at 560 WQM. Hey, listen, if you're sleeping on a lumpy mattress, your back is going to give you the message. You know, time at all. Believe me, you'll feel like crap. You won't get a good night's sleep. And that's why I'd be caught on our good friends at dollar mattress. Because that's the smart way to get you a great night's sleep. The mattress industry is notorious for phony claims and shell games. But when you make that one easy caught of dollar mattress, no phony promises, no baitens, which when you call the other people, you know, they got the what, yeah, look exactly. But dollar mattress gives you great unbeatable discount prices on the brand name. You know, on trust every day, now including Steer and Zambin and his foster. When you call 1-800 mattress, you pick the day in time for delivery. Any two are one of those convenient for you. In other words, when you're going to be home seven days a week from 8 in the AM till 10 in the PM. Sleep on a mattress and dollar mattress and your back will be almost as lovely as mows. On a sales practice is fantastic service. Every day low prices, same day delivery and free set up and move. You can see a lot of dollar mattress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction. And by the way, definitely, if you think you're getting this checkback, you're going to have to pull it out of my hands. Don't get sucked in by those phony deals and a mattress your arms and the furniture stores. There are rip off. Get the real deal from dollar mattress. Miguel is doing it. Boca brands do an even fat boy in Georgia doing it. Of course, I've been doing it for a long time. Sleep on a great mattress and dollar mattress and whatever else we like. Call toll free 1-800-MATT-RES. You'll be sleeping as soon as tonight with a big comfortable smile on your post. 1-800-MAT-RES or check them out online for more information at mattress.com. We're supposed to be in 5-6 years. You a-a-a. A great looking piece of ass over there in Section 127. I like it. I like it. I didn't know you liked it. You went in the rapids, maw. That's a man like thing to do. And I like men. Wow, don't hit me with that warm. Oh, what? Wow, who put cream on? Now, did you paint the side of this thing like I asked you? No, I just used four more medium. Just like you said, I'd stand beside you. Let me get a good look at you. Oh, mommy, I'm all right. I got a fence over the sink. I can't stand, maw. I'm going to stand over the side wall to see if it's infected. Hey, wait until the end of the road. Oh, yeah. Don't you get pushed me over, boon. I act like you. I'm going to get a tape for you. Okay. What is it called? No way. We're heading for a wonderful... You think I'm pulling for that old trick? Why I was at the end of the road? Oh, yeah! Well, at least we're on shore. Yeah, the wood is it. And not a fine measure, got me in the roof. Yeah, let's see who dropped in here, Jams. Hey, fellas, Dylan. I'm Georgie. That's my uncle, sister, Jams. Howdy. This here's my brother and my palm, I'm already. Mom and name does have your all the bushings and honor the greatest president in this country ever had. George Washington, budge. Well, it's really sweet, Nutt. You ain't given anywhere, sister. Oh, see? Oh, my quick question, friend. You just dropped your Georgie and get on your knees. You two, dear, friend. You're the only one, buddy. You sure shall, honey, but I lack your leave. Don't you go! Yeah, fight down. You get me to it. You want me to be the girl? Yes. No, no, no, no, no. You want me to be the house at most? Yeah, you'll be feeling like a woman at no time. You want me to be the girl? I got a bad kiss. You get the girl. I just have to close your wanted-is feel about, man. Don't you know how you got her. You have not done up with that. You're so good. You're so good. You're so good. You're so good. You're so good. You're so good. You're so good. You're so good. Back to him. Come on, 4-5-60, W-2-M-HAPPY Monday, too. Whether you like it or not. On the one that's sour, that's the one that gets me, man. That's what really kills me. You haven't ate votes on a poll. Which, and let me give you another piece of example. Well, I shouldn't be here. Dor just opens. There's muff again. Trying to kill me with kindness. Order some sandwiches, then. I'll get you a couple. And what do I say about food? How many times have I said since I sat down here at 830 this morning? I'm not eating food while I'm in here. I then you're killed myself the last two times. I'm not going to get forced fed food. I don't need to eat. This isn't the goddamn cafeteria. It's not a kitchen. It's just, well, it's not a radio station either. But it's supposed to be. Thought of broadcast studios far from that. But it's supposed to be. We're doing a freaking radio show. We're not doing a goddamn gay gourmet. We're not doing an iron chef. It's the freaking the erodier show. It's a radio station. So I know your intentions were good. And by the way, Scott is calling you the paper pussy, which I think is disgusting. At least paper tiger would be good. 560560 pound 560. I like that shit. Or read pound 560 on a AT&T. And we'll make any difference. It takes a lot to get candy around here. Believe me. You got to turn the duffer Greg down. Or both. That's what Prince Charles said. He turned it both down. Here's a call from Bokeh. Welcome home. Yeah. Yes, sir. Where is your personal parents? Here's a call from Ford here. Hello. Welcome, God. They're good. Aren't they? They're great. Yes, sir. Sorry. Sorry, you're back. Yeah, I'll meet too. Oh my God. I thought you were a real quick. I'm one of your faithful truck driving listeners for about six years now. Oh, right. To the small army of us out here too, believe you make. And I just want to say that guy to call, but it's got them blinders on as you're a negative. You're part of the problem down here, because you can't even see. You're too busy bitching about it. And I just have to turn you on every day. I love the way when I said to him, you can turn it off. Well, that's an option, but that's an option. But in other words, he's going to tell me how I should view life and what I should do. To make him happy. I mean, how do I do that when it got all these thousands of people listening? Am I supposed to let eat? How do I appeal to each one of them? How they decide I'm supposed to do the show? You just do what you do and then I think it's what I do. I do do a lot and believe me, my mother's very jealous. But quality do do. I mean, the best man you ought to smell it. Real quick, um, do you want, I'm sure you already covered the mic in. Get fired, bitch. Um, well, I covered it a lot as much as I can on it because nobody cares about hockey here. So why? Why dwell on it? Well, that's the same. But a death wish. Now, uh, if that's going to exist the same deal as when they fired my clean. Then Doug McCleyn, I was the, that was the, that was the, uh, straw that broke the Campbell's back the first time around when they brought in PM and it keep in mind that the first night when Brian Murray coach, they beat Boston 10 to 5 and from then on, they went straight down and he went, I was the end of the organization as we knew it. And now this is, um, this Alan Cohen guy that bought the team, he doesn't know what Ellie's doing. This guy's an idiot. He's a total idiot. This is the interim coach. Where, what, where does this position in this before he became coach now? He's the general manager and coach. It doesn't work out too well as we discovered in Toronto. It sucks. Oh, God, here goes the BN thing all over here. Right. Okay. Well, let me go get a different team. Go hockey. Okay. Good luck to you, pal. Thank you. Yeah, this organization has been screwed over in Alan Cohen and that whole Bernie cocer thing, which is saw how fast he disappeared all burning. Uh-huh. And the whole, uh, dog and pony show. And I'll say it again. I saw a little bit of that came against Minnesota not too many nights ago. And there was, I guess LA rather there was nobody there. You were there. Yeah. And even you admitted if there were 7,000 that were counting the ushers in the, uh, people like got lost in a parking lot. Very much. Nobody there. They've destroyed. It used to be a fun thing. Especially in the old building. It was great. We built that great head that one great year went to the Stanley cof finals. And since then it just like what happens with everything else. They just right and tear it down. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Nobody cares. Pound 5, 60 on the 18. Just like they don't care about that story from Gooth Creek, South Carolina. People ought to be screaming bloody murder about that. You ought to be scared Schmittless man. This is going on in America. They're coming in with your guns drawn in your kids. If our guarantee for was your kids in air school. And they did you people would be foaming at the mouth. You'd be frothing right now. You'd be rabid. You'd be doing rabies. Here's a call from Jupiter. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Another one of your talking buddies. All right. And I just want to call the table. A lady got me birthday. Thank you. Happy birthday to me. When's that? Good night, sir. Oh, today is your birthday. Well, let's give this guy a little something. Thank you, sir. I'm happy, pal. You too. And if you're smart, stay off the road. Okay. Good luck. Well, it is for Bastards. I'll say it again. You people don't have to drive for living like you limo drivers out there. Oh, man. You know, anybody can make a mistake. Anybody can be a few minutes late. I'm not a perfectionist. I don't respect. I understand people have problems on the road. They report all messed around. But, but don't be giving me a song to dance about how you got all the way up there to Boacan 35 minutes while I was standing there a curb peeing in my pants. Waiting to see if I was going to have to walk home to plantation. Probably could use the exercise, but not a good idea. God Almighty can. I, in fact, pick up Rimmer while you're at it. Even he wouldn't ride with you no more. Although for free, he might. No tip. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's a call from Pompano. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I can. The guy. The one. The guy. Okay. We agree with the guy. Go back to Canada. Okay. Yeah. Probably should. You know, you can't this crowd. You can never please him. Because George is always saying, Oh, they like when you heard better because you're more aggravated here. So now I'm here. I'm more aggravated. Go back to Canada. You're so negative. See, see what I'm saying? It's a catch 22 with a soft load audience. They're all bent. I and pissed off and fired up. It's like, Mark. Mark. He was number 22 and we get that straight now. We did. And Troy Stratford was 23. Right. And still has the big ball spot. You're okay now. Troy, give us a check for a band of Pat Rescue this morning along with fat boy and John Juris and Wells. Somebody else did I think. Then we get three, four. See, it went until I came back into town so they could impress me and stick it right in my hand and the text to it. Here you go. Neil. Didn't clients give us one. Clarence. He's thinking about it. Five, six, seven. But this is brutal today, man. This is absolutely brutal. I may have to go to my bedtime stories. I got a pile. I don't want to. I want to converse. I want to have verbal intercourse with my good post personal friends out there and maybe you'll end after almost 30 years. And this is what we get critiques. Oh, you're so negative. You're such a son of a bitch. Yeah. And what's your point? But I can't turn it off. And you won't turn it off. That's the best part. Under no circumstances when you turn it off. And we all know that. You're glued to it right now. In fact, you're squeezing yourself just with excitement from the fact that I'm even dignifying you by talking about that call that guy before. What is it? Twelve, eleven, and five, sixty. Q, a mad dog, a two boy. He's going to be sour today. Wow. He is going to be just. You talk about bad smelly diarrhea. He is going to be in a real nasty mood even worse than my aunt. Speaking of diarrhea, what do you want the atkins die at South Beach die? Sugar brothers or busters or any other low carb diets? Here's a story that you're going to fall in love with. In fact, I just got to know from our good friends. Alan and Lewis at the Delights. And there's a whole new list of great items for you low carb dieters in stock, for example. Individual sized cheesecake and foreflabers. They have a cup of soup. All you do is add water, microwave, stir, and enjoy. Great way to have a low carb meal at work. Control carb brownies. Jeff's chocolate, vanilla egg creams. With less than one carb. And last cup of crisp and chocolate min bars with no malt at all. Thank God. There's been going to be games you can have a good healthy one. They have flaxo meal granola. Uh, with no malt at all. Judy's low carb peanut brittle. I can't wait to try that someday. If I live long enough. Blitz stoked mince. Champion like drinks are back in five delicious flavors. Simply low carb bread with stevia instead of like a sweet and low. uniquely delicious taste. And on newbie jams jam on it, baby, and seven gourmet flavors. And thousands of other great items for you low carb diet. That's July so West Booker. We can try any product in the store before you buy it. All that can products are on sale today. All day every day even veterans day tomorrow 7 days a week. They're open daily 10 to 10 on the Northeast corner blades. Rotten 441 X to Boston Market. You can call give more info on Delights at 1-877 low carb. L-O-O-W-C-A-R-B or on the web your find a bit low carb.com. If you're on one of them low carb diets in your desperate for something with some taste for a variety, this is a place you'll find them. The lights are twice poker your official Atkins retail center. I've been low on this sports video, thanks to the little 2 AM. Damn. Sarah? What's the matter? Oh, Judy? I just found out. Michael has hard on. Oh no. I just don't know what to do! Well when Shirley's boyfriend had one, he went to the heart on treatment center of America. Hard on treatment center? Yeah, it's a place where they teach men how to wake up small and uninterested. Do you think they could help Michael? They were very kind and caring when Philip had his boner. He doesn't even watch the USA channel at night anymore. The Hard-On Treatment Center of America, helping so many Americans through their hardship, brought on by big boobs and so many aerosmith videos. Please call today, don't get excited, you're not alone. The Hard-On Treatment Center of America, cold water standing by. 1217, I'm trying to think of a word for you, Scott, and the word that just popped in my mind was incompetent. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a 18-18th horizon line, which ethnic or racial group is most protective or paranoid about its own. Its own people. Blacks 152, how's it going, Miriam? The preachers' man, they're sticking up for you. If she was white, they wouldn't have two words to say about that bitch. I'll tell you that right now, if Miriam were white. Oh yeah, get that bitch out! But because she's black, therefore it's some kind of a racist conspiracy that the governor and everybody else wants to fire her ass. She's incompetent, don't you people get it? No, no. Jews 103, Cuban 61, Muslims 14 Italians for an Eric never put the other ones on her, because you're not talking to them. No, don't do it. You're having enough problem just to without doing anything extra, just sit there and look stupid. 560, 50560, and now one call about that story in Goose Creek South Carolina, about them that drug-weight in the school. Not one. And I guarantee everybody in this audience has seen that they showed us 50 million times over the weekend. CBS, CNN, MSNBC. All of these things. Oh well, you know, we gotta clean up them drugs, drugs, and bad. Here's Miami, hello. Miami, when is this? Neil? Yes sir. Neil. Speaking. Sorry about that. I'm calling about, I want to talk about that school thing too. That was just disgusting, especially since they found nothing. Yeah. You know, and the other thing is Neil about that cartel up there in Washington. I mean, how are they controlling our media? I don't get it. You know, they didn't want to show up. They're controlling it because Michael Powell is the chairman of the FCC, and because they're holding over their heads that if they want to go and play fast and lose by an Apple, a TV and radio stations and newspapers, they'd better go step right along, which is why CBS cancelled the Reagan and he's serious and which is why you get one version of the news. Yeah. You know, we could play about almost third world countries that pushed by the media. And we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're not one. I mean, I'm not following because I knew everything from the beginning of the, if you look on our website today, we got a great story by Scott Millerford. Speaker say media bears some blame for the war in Iraq and they're absolutely correct. Oh no. That is, so we're right. I told everybody, oh, my friends, oh, my right wing Republican friends, all these fascists and you'll not see that this was this war with about oil and money for that. Now, you must have that for me, right? And all those, and you know what, I've got a good idea for a bumper, which I can afford to do it, but Clinton lied. Nobody, I pushed that soldier's died. There you go. In Pete's the son of gun right now. In Pete's the son of a bitch right now. You got it. I'm not going to be a real pal, I have to write that. Miss leading an incomplete reporting by media news outlets, help President Bush dear, Merke into war with Iraq. Speaker said Friday during the opening session of a three day national conference on media reform at UW Madison. This war could never have taken place without the complicity of the news media, so John Stauber, author and founder of the Center for Media and Democracy group that seeks to expose corporate, the media that sold this war doesn't want to examine how they did it, which is why we put that link. I think we got a lot of hits on that thing too, and that CBC thing on a conspiracy theorist. Wendy Goodman host a Pacificer radio is democracy now program, said war would stop if media outlets showed images of injured and dead Iraqi civilians, including children, as often as they showed images such as the toppling of a large statue of Saddam Hussein, draped with that American flag. Goodman also faltered the media in U.S. government for failing to tally Iraqi casualties. She quoted Secretary-State Cole and Paul is once having justified this by explaining that the military doesn't count enemy deaths. I don't consider a little dead Iraqi girl report on the ground. My enemy Goodman said in front of about 1600 people in the Great Hollow on the of the Memorial Union on campus, the conference said above above above above, consumer advocate and former Green Party presidential candidate Ralph Nader was a part of this as well. But there you go. The American media sucks. Make no mistake about it. Oh that's right. I'm being negative again now. And of course, you know, that guy that called before wake up before it's too late, you're moron. The CBC tape that I played, not once, but twice. Where did that come from? Canada, A, they've counted up participating the Iraq attack. No, they did not. They had the balls to say no way. When your friends are right, you help them out. When your friends are wrong, you say no thanks, you wrong. You're making a mistake. Jesus, God, these America first, there's these mindless automatons. They want to be manipulated by the goddamn corrupt government for the benefit of a back telling a hell of a burden. All the other money grabers out there. You've got to be a crazy person. You've got to be a massacist. And that's why the Bush people are able to do it because the media keeps spoon feeding the public, and because the masses out there, most of them are morons. Most of them are like from South Carolina, North Carolina, Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana. Who now is that one ball player? Oh, they quarterback on the Hercules. What else is name that bad Berlin? Brock Berlin. Do you ever heard him talk? No. I mean, he should have been on that poll we did last week. We also left off Bush Davis. We left him off that poll. Do you will in Rednecks? This is Davis. Brock Berlin. He's from Louisiana. He talked like this and he can't play for Schmidt, but other than that. That's America for you, man. It's mostly a bunch of jewel and rednecks. And arrest of us are all painted as a bunch of comic piccol liberal fags, which you're partly right? Here's a call from Fort Lutterdale. Hello. Hey Neil, I do a mess. Okay, sir. All right. Hey, listen. I love you show either way. You're going to bad mood or not. I'm going to create mood. I'm going to find mood. I know, but I saw the show. Just pickled and that to be here. I got a question for you. Can you please play that song? The song is on the losers. I started the show with it. I'll play it again. I'm sorry. I just tuned in my man. I'll play it on one o'clock. I'll thank you, sir. And get rid of George. Oh, we got rid of him this week. I thought we were going to like upgrade, but it turns out we got Scott. 560, 560, pond 560 on the AT and 2. We got a lot of calls on there. We got a lot of open lines. Lot of open lines on his board on a Monday on my first day back in Tats. I don't have to make me want to stick around here too long. I'll tell you that. 250 votes on a pool, which I think a racial group is the most protective or paranoid about its own. Blacks 159, Miriam. Jews 109 109. As in PT 109, Cuban 64, Muslims 14 Italians 4. Only 4 response. Here's my me be, tell. Maybe not all right, but. Okay. So I just want to comment on that top pair of iron with the cops. Yeah. I was just debating my wife's about a tonnish came back in the town. I told her what happened, what I saw. And we put on the local news. I thought, there would be a top story. It was a bucket between like the sports and weather. And then we set the hairls the next day. Didn't even have it in the newspaper. And our local freaking. Really? Really? Because you know, I know how you said nationally. It was covered very fast. I saw it many times on the newscast. But everything seemed to be blown off locally. No big deal. You know, the next thing I'm wondering, they're going to knock on my front door and my husband just just bashing. Oh, just looking. Just looking. So just a bit and just paid and disturbed by the whole thing. The worst part of it is the way the public just sits back. And nothing shocks them anymore. They didn't even sense the types of the point of matter. What the crap goes on. It's like, oh, gee, well, that's pretty interesting. Yeah, and everything's okay now. All of a sudden, it's okay. Yeah. Very, very, very free. Okay. Okay, behind in there. See under the bed. You know, they got the what, yeah, look. Here's a call from Miami. When is this? Do you get paid, Katie? Where are we going? Where are we going? He gave me an address, but he gave me an address. Five, six, and I get paid a lot more than you. I get paid more than no one paycheck pal. And you're going to make it two years. How do you like that loser? Don't worry about what I get paid. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you, buddy? Okay. If you wanted to get your opinion on what happened in California, it was 22 muscles. So girl, that was taken for the hospital, drowning, and she was for now dead in 40 minutes later, a police officer saw her moving. Yeah, it's a damn good thing they didn't enjoy the dumpster like they usually do. Well, this is exactly why I don't trust doctors. They were reminded me of something from passions. You know, like Luis, he was under water for about six hours. He came back up, and they just tapped him on a chest if you'd done, oh, it looks like he'll be okay. What I didn't hear was, during those 40 minutes when she was, obviously, alive, were the parents notified that maybe she was... I have no idea. I didn't spend a lot of time on that story. And I'm saying, she's alive, she'll be fine. Okay. Well, take it easy. And you're right, Dr. Sock. Dr.'s blood. So the record. The show's not better when you're angry. So, I would have very good to piss you off. Just let me know. Okay, thanks. Keep talking. It'll do it. 560, 560, pound 560 on you. We like it when you're pissed off, because then we can share our misery with you. We feel that we succeeded in making you as miserable as the rest of us. Here in his festering toilet. All the way to work this morning. It's peeing and peeing and peeing and peeing. I'm thinking, is it a snow-femble already? Is the rainy season ever end? No, no, no. Used to be like, you know, July and August were really bad, but no, no, no, no. Rans, there we go, damn, day. No, 180 degrees this shade. You got the goddamn mosquitoes that size a bowling ball. Oh, I got a cone problem. But I... Well, I had a little cone problem on my patio. Really? What do you think they have very distinctive of footprints? In fact, it was an article in the Herodious Day in a front page about raccoons. Did you see it? Of course not. Nope. And about how some people feed them and encourage them about how many of them got rabbi's. Oh, as you wish, cones. And they leave it like when it rains, you can see the footprints out there. And, you know, it's probably coming in and drinking out of the pool or sniff it around the barbeque or whatever. They get big and nasty. But now that I have no more dogs, I'm going to try to get all my screens, like, fixed in there, my door and a whole deal. And they're not going to come in no more. No more cones in my hood. 27 past noon at 5.60 WQM. If you're really working at a crappy job and if you're paycheck is like, like, that other guy that called me a little while ago, that's where you're about my ticket. If you check his name or the cashing is so small. Here's the answer for you. Call our good friends at fast train, toll free. One, 866 fast train. They can have you train in certified for a high-paying computer network professional career, or a high-paying medical computer specialist career in as little as four months. That is correct. Your ears will work in right. You can be fully trained already for a great new career and a big paycheck that goes along with it. And just for sure, advance. And fast train offers you day-to-day evening weekend classes. They have job placement assistance and, financially, for people who qualify too. 4 soft-flow and locations like I always tend to this body of fast train close by where you live. So no more excuses. Say goodbye to your dead end job. Say goodbye to that schmuck boss here. It's with a big smile on your pussy. Hey, I'm going to go out and give me some skill and a real job. Call fast train. You can check them on our web first at fastrain.com. And when you make that call, be sure and tell them that Todd Drec. Suggest you to make the call. They will pee in their pants. Call toll free. One, 866 fast train. Fly in local. Here's sports radio 566. You A-M. I broke in through a bedroom window. And by the end of the day, I'm weak. Now that I did I do was rip it out. But that ain't no new. It's your play for the fish. I guess my girlfriend forgot their tail. There's a little bit was someone else's wife. A little bit. I heard a lot of the moth be eaten. There's nothing. And I found out when it changed me with her dad. Why didn't that big thing? I was too dark to see. You go, Cecil. She'd be in bed with a couple of bits. And that's the least out of these people, filming now. Don't dirty treat that's what they need. They need Cecil Collins back. I don't turn them around. Hey, Ricky. Ricky, give me the ball. Give me the ball, Ricky. What was that pathetic or one? I'm going to be tackled by the dreadlocks and I won play. I just, I just about peed my pants. It was so great. It was. And what did you get about the minus 80 yards rush? Whatever the hell number you got. Fourteen was on one play. Fourteen was on one play. You can't run against them. And once that the genius study is this before the, Oh, we're going to run the burger. We're going to go back. We're going to run Ricky right down there. Throats. It was the league in rushing. Yeah. The second half of the season. We're going to be a bunch of running fools. Yeah, you're going to be running all right. Right back to Chicago Dave. You're going to be running right out of town. It's going to be great when the jets come in and deal them. They're death blow. Both that be something because now they've got the Chad back. The man couldn't believe. Well, that was the Schmittball out there in Oakland yesterday. It was. That was pretty. It was like, oh, we, we don't want it. You take it. No, we didn't want to run our losing record. It's like the jetting giant game the week before. And I was awfully nice. 560. 560 on a 18. What is this thing? Somebody just passed me cross dressing teens from Harvey milk high school. Offered sex for money and Greenwich village. And then robbed, there would be John's by pretending to be cops versus at last night. This is from the New York Daily News. The boys all passing the solves off his ladies of the evening. Took money and credit cards from at least six men. This is from the Harvey milk high school for facts. Five years were arrested yesterday in this game, which cops. They went like this. The students from the Astroplace High School for Gazingless. Vince, promised men cruising the village various sex acts for money. Once the men stopped, the students flashed fake and my PD badges and handcuffs and told the John's they were undercover vice cops. In one case, the youths brandished a gun. The teen pushed them in against walls handcuffed them and took their money credit cards and bank cards. They also demanded the person lie D number for the bag and credit cards. We can't even. Yeah, organized. Once they had the van. It was the teens typically would say, oh, you're not such a bad guy. Let them and go. Other than I got your goods. So to speak. The robberies began October 5th when a 24 year old man was hustled on Glenn and Chevano by a pair of teens in drag, who would you $1200 bucks from his eight his account. The last robbery took place early yesterday when three teens stole 85 bucks from man on West 16th Street. How do you like that? Gerald Kimberley Howard 17 was wearing a red wig with blonde highlights and a bright red sweatshirt and that handcuffs and police scanner with a one he was busted source to set. They said the piece was even better than mose. Howard began to blab sources said in last night cops had arrested four more Harvey milk students were being held on charges of robbering criminal impersonation of a police officer. How do you like that? You got to give him a hand to two of them. And the pin two. 560 pound five 60 on the AT and T in Verizon wireless line. We'll solve the problems in the world right here today before two o'clock. I guarantee you that. You don't mistake about it. Just like Mike Seagull. Here's Tamarack. Hello. Mr. I called about something else but since you did mention they once that I've got a ten year old lease. Well, man, these but I won't want her be in coach my him for high scotch. We only have one thing to say today once that. Bye bye. Beyond that. Yes. You're talking about George W. Bush. I tell you what really kicked me off to the fact that he's a low life sock water as they say in Texas. Yes. Not a compliment. That is when he said, oh, that's manner about mission accomplished. Well, that was those boys. I still have to go. My mission accomplished yet but they feel it's theirs. He's bad for the news. He's having American style and daily man. They're making it pal. Oh, that was great. I'm telling you. Talk about 600 calls but I tell you what's in the way to get to a really good one. Here's one of the most chronic faches of the wall. I love your show. Listen to everybody. Also happen to be Republican who loads in fierce bush. Good. However, just want to remind you, Canada is what it is today because it's fortunate enough to share land space with the US. What kind of defenseman? What does that have to do with what's going on right now? That's great. That's history. Our salvation army can kick their ass but who would threaten them with the proximity to the US? Love your show. By the way, Republican Congress and Democratic President are the key. Oh, yeah. There you go. Sure. Whatever the hell you say. I say a third party is the key. That's the answer. Real party. In fact, a very wise guy. He used to work in his building once told me what we need is a new party. Yeah. Rest in peace. 560505060 on the AT&T and Verizon. You know, they got the what? Yeah, look. Wireless line. Here's a call from plantation, which is usually not good. Hello. You can be the mayor. See there. What did I tell you? Psychic powers again. The whisper. Plantation. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, we need about media diversity. These people are worried about the panthers, coaching stuff. We've got state run television, state run news, Rush Limbong on 400 channels. What's going on? And? We're going to do a body. What's who going to do about it? They FCC came out with a saying low power radio stations for diversity. Yeah, forget about it. That's just the window dressing. Yeah, that's bull crap. Right. That's how the low power line goes. Nobody cares. Don't you understand? The masses, this show is like a mirror of America. Don't you listen to the masses? They got their finger up each other's asses the masses. 560560 and they're doing drug bust to guide them. High schools and slamming the kids down against the floor against the wall. Because they might have some wacky weed on them, baby. With guns drawn, oh, if we had an ass at it, we would have to be unfortunate, huh? But we sure do love our guns. And we like to rub them real hard. And it's gone too. 21 till 1 at 560 QAM. My life. And what? This is 430560. You way away, you way ham. Oh yeah. Okay. Oh. He had people jumpy when they heard of the barhook. Monday morning went to get some ammo. Tuesday he goes shooting with his son. But when's he naked, busted by the phone? Oh. Oh. They found the guns. My firm, a homin, bought a bicycle pair. And we won't be happy to leave you, my chair. Prop 44, that must be another racial thing. I would imagine 391 votes on it, which I think a racial group is most protective or paranoid about its own people. Blacks 180, Jews 120, Cuban 71, Muslims 15, Italians 5, and Eric refuses to put the other ones on her. They have a bunch of guns. He's busy and you didn't call him up like I told you to. Not, I don't call him. He's been doing such a great job getting the stuff on there. And if you haven't seen the double weapon of mass destruction countdown yet without president, you better take a peek at it today. It walks and talks, it moves, it moves and slips. And if them lips don't look just like precious. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a AT&T line. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. You're the voice of reasons, sounds. For first time call. I have to talk a lot of times you mentioned things but upstate New York. In 1979, I was playing against the Russians, Red Wing, that played in Charleston. Yes, sir. You remember Wayne Krenchikki's play for UM? Yes. You used to do UM games, yours. Yes, sir. He was on that team. That night, he was opening night. He took me out to a place called the Winfield Grill on Wickham Road. You ever go there? Never heard of it. Okay, it was a hot spot back then. I met a girl then. It was 79. She's with my girlfriend ever since. I'm going up there for 24 years. And she was right down the road for Menden's Con part on Clover Street. Yes. I've heard you mentioned Menden's Con part before. Sure. Yeah, but I guess that every time you mentioned something from up that way, I know that area pretty good now from going up there for so many years. That just, I guess I said, and that's something else you've mentioned before. Toronto. We were up there about a year and a half ago, and I went to the hockey hall fame there in Toronto at a great time. Fantastic time. Well, that's a hockey time as Pete were probably, you know, they're into what it's a religion. Well, like I said, it's for a fun car and I enjoy listening to you mentally, and keep up the good work. Thanks a lot, Pelle. Have a great time. See at the Vick and Irves. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See at the 12 corners. Monroe Wavitton went and wrote, baby. See at 123 for Wena Drive and Brighton, New York. What? Do you know where you just wrote off these names? That's why you still live when I was a kid. I can give you the phone number. Monroe 5, 7, 7, 0, M. You'd see you don't remember when you stand pre-fixes with letters. Oh, no. I don't. I remember dial phones, rotary phones. Yeah, well, when you're as old as I am, you remember when Bell made that first call. Mary had a little lamb. But, uh, seriously, we used to have pre-fixes. You know, like in New York, they had 85 minute pre-fixes. And our number was Monroe 5, 7, 7, 0, M. Wow. How do you like that? How does that work? How do what work? It pre-fixes like that. Alright, what was the pre-fixes? Monroe, what would be the pre-fixes? M, 0, M, 0, M. Oh, M. Oh, M. Don't you understand it? M, 0 is the pre-fixes. That that Monroe would be like the first. No, no, no. Yeah, no, no. Monroe 5, 7, 7, 0, M. Give it a call now. We'll be somebody's going to answer the phone. Maybe we'll get the yellow answer the phone, but I doubt it. You don't get paid enough to do that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. Yeah, why do you like Canada so much? Why do you like Toronto so much? Why are you such a goddamn son of a bitch? Because I feel like it. Because I feel like it. I like that. Because I say what they'll hold us on my mind. That's what they pay me. They pay me the big bucks for. In fact, they like me so much. Sometimes they try to pay me twice. Did you hear that scam before? We're duff-tried to bring me the check Miguel? Brought me a check. I already got paid Friday. I took the nurse I got paid today early Friday. He's being another check. And I did not accept it because I'm an honest guy. Plus they would have caught it anyway. If I thought they wouldn't have caught it. I said, hey sure, no problem. Oh no, they're going to catch it anyway. They're going to think, oh my god, we got a scam artist working here. You know? I mean, if it was you, sure you'd take it because you couldn't pay me that anyways. You can afford to steal it, but with me, I can't do that. I got it's making my kind of money. Just ask, remember, I'm at church. Tell you, hey, you stay have a lot of money. Here's your call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello? When you're a district man, the way just like that's hit the way you wrote things all get great. Yeah, that is. What kind of phone are you in man? Sounds like it's under water. Is that better? That's a little better, yeah. It's crappy phone. I take the phone back and tell him to stuff it. You have to be the drug 18, T-Model. Oh, oh. Living that, that's a work phone, you know, company. That's a little better now. It's clear enough a little bit. Just like scratch completion, little. I wanted to, uh, in reference to the, uh, thing that you, uh, told the last week with the CBC. Yes. I went this weekend to the website and I actually put it out a bunch of stuff from there. Right. I went with, I had a family gathering on Saturday evening, so I went on and, you know, showing people all the information. And, uh, my family, yeah, they're all pretty glad and they're pretty open of things. But you know, they had to have a basket and throw to me. Do I have no colors or something? Oh, I didn't notice that, but put it in from the CBC website. They said, we don't believe one word of this. You must be out of your mind. Oh, yeah, right. You said to them, I said, well, I'm going to go, you know, nail a collar Monday and try to find out if you could either. You want to do things. One, see if you could put the audio up on the website or if you could possibly play that. The whole thing for us and let us know. Again, I played it again on Friday. I'm not going to play it again every day. That would kill the easy hour, but I could do that. All right. Well, what do you mean you're there? They don't believe it. Where did they think they came from? You just made it up? Exactly. They said, they said, yes, sir. Sir, listen, you're spinning your wheels. Don't waste your time. Okay, consider the source, you know? There's an old saying where there's no sense. There's no feeling. Well, I'm glad that we have a voice like you to give us that. Me too, because I need the money. Thanks a lot, pal. Have a great day. See you around, eh? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Go leave, Skull, baby. Let's see who we've planned tonight. Oh, that's right. They're on a west coast now. They're starting at 6 game road trip. Who are they starting with? Mighty ducks, I believe. Uh-oh. What is that game? I don't really care. I don't want to know. Scary. Now actually, they have played better than I thought they would at this point. They have tied jersey again Friday and beat Edmonton, 4 to 1. McGillney tried to give the puck to the kid, Matt Staging there for the, MP and Golder, did you see that? Yeah. And his pass unfortunately, his stage of was getting checked. His pass later than that. Nice going. Number 89, Matt McGillney is so underrated. He's just, he's a pleasure to watch. We've been watching him for years. I'm for years. Yeah. 76 goals with the same words about 100 years ago and he's still great. Anybody know who that is? No. Oh, sorry. Sorry, Mr. 4001 votes on there and the dark folks seem to be walking away with it today. They seem to be a step ahead of the Jews. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I just wanted to give you a look. The Mike Moore book was great. It was. Right. phenomenal. It is. You got to read the Alfredo and book. I got it in my apartment up there. I'll read one again. I'll read right now the David Cornbook, the Lies of George W. Bush. But that's for your reader. I mean, for your listeners, that it's just like easy to read and. Well, that's good for this crowd. That's really good. Exactly. But everyone should check it out. The Lies and the Liers and all that and culture. That's a big bitch. Okay. Palialla. Get on this. I get back. Alright. Thanks. Here's the facts that says, oh, now this is bad. The Sun Sentinel must think that you dark folks all look the same because. Rookie award may be Willis and the picture they have of Don Terrell. Willis is really one peer. Look at that. Even I know that. I don't pay much attention to the Marlins. There's one peer on the bottom and the article is about a Don Terrell. Willis and it says Willis, I'm going to picture you people of the Sun Sentinel. You're idiots. Okay. You're much more ons. You, you would know a guy damn newspapers story. If they slid it up time, jacuzzi. You people of the Sun Sentinel. What did this disgrace? That's another reason this town is for a bow. Those who go, like that. Give me the ball. Give me the ball because there are two newspapers here. Sock. You suck. Don Terrell will us my fat old, yidd Fagass man. It's one peer. What do you think wraps better? I'll tell you one thing. You put the hero to the bottom of the word cage and your bird will leave home. Or fly right out and never come back. I'm telling you, let me see your bird again. 560, 5050, 5060. I'll tell you the story about my limo driver yet. On the AT&T and Verizon. Hey, you know, I couldn't have made up a better story than that. Could I? No. First of all, he still thinks some guy picked me up. To this moment and tell you that story. He didn't even know who to held Robby home. The INS. I could have walked home. I could like hitchhiked. He doesn't know. He didn't even follow through on it to find out what happened. I'll even call on the house and realizing I wasn't there yet. And then realizing I never called it back. So much of it and pretty pissed off. Which is why he emailed me just before the show this morning. Yeah, you see why I ate real quick. Yeah, he covered it big in fat man. Plus you got a sour attitude to Kenna. Just want to tell you that right now, okay? I don't want to sound like an in-grade. But your attitude is kind of like sour. Especially after coming back from Europe that long, 9.5 hour flight. Which I think I don't do no more. He had to go to Boka. Took him. He got there in 35 minutes. I think I like that. I think I take motorized in a park or something. Yeah, probably had to take motor the bad change joint. Yeah, that I clean out his bag. I hope he had to stand there and sniff it. On out and do you see coral gavels it's is on there tonight? What that's going to be. Yep. Another one of those. Here's coral gavels it's predictable. Hello. Hang the hell, how are you doing? Pretty good. I wanted to let you know I'm leaving the country tomorrow and I wanted to thank you for all the years of a fine program. This is a real call from coral gavels. It's rare. I can't believe it. Well, I'm not, you know, I moved in California three years ago. I think I lost up there with a big one I did now. Yeah, that was a bad move. Yeah, well, I see it's so bad. I happen not only the state, I happen to be the country. Uh huh. That's also good move. Well, hopefully you know that state social public or USR is becoming a bit interesting. But I figured my so happens to find somewhere else and just you look out from, you know, look out in and try other more fun. Just find your look out. Thank you so much for all the years you've been the best meal. Yes, I have been. I'm used to be pretty good. Have a great day. I had a good luck to you. Have a great life. I used to be really good once upon a time. I mean, I was when I was younger when I was in an old dodgering aim before. I got third man. I was 30 years of hours pretty good and then I came here and then look what happened. Oh my god. And I'm, and has happened wild diarrhea. And my mother calls up to tell me don't drink diet so it'll give you wild diarrhea. If you'd worry a lot less about my bomb moments mom life would be a hell of a lot better. Your blood pressure go down 40 points. I'm, I'm serious. That's, that's it. 90. When you read her autobiography 90 years of squeeze that it's going to be incredible. Yeah, you brother last week. And my brother four days visit my and didn't have a good be. Didn't have any be him to look for the see. So I get a report. Everybody in my family. Do you get that? Anybody tell you about their bomb moments? No, I, well, that's what you're missing. You see. Thankfully, I would tell them listen. Another family is they stayed there a little bit more up front with each other a little bit more honest. I come from the Italian house. So they talk about their gold ladder surgery. Oh, I don't have my gold ladder no mole. Why, why me tell you about my surgery was My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my. And whoa, this is for 256 years. And way, yeah. But heads, it's the one to two hour. Oh, Oh, right. There, Miami has the dolphins. They're the worst football team. They flood the ball from goal to goal. Like no one's ever seen. There on the ground. That's where they'll stay. They're never in control. And when you say Miami, You're talking toilet holders. There, the Miami dolphin. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many teens in the league? 32. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Don't bet on them. You'll always lose. They don't know how to tackle. They don't know how to block. Their coaches ought to tell them to put their day in their jock. Urgent day would run much faster. And even in defeat. When we go to the stadium, we'll see Miami. And Miami. And there. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many teens in the league? 32. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. The team that hasn't got a clue. Miami has the dolphins, but the dolphins have no fans. Just 50,000 assholes. Sitting in the stands. They watch the game. And all they do is mowing. Grite and bitch. I wonder how Joe Abbey got the piece. Oh God, damn rich. And there. Miami dolphins. Oh. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many teens in the league? 32. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. I hear the crowd begin to boo. The dolphins have great feedler. That quarter backs that you hold. Run down the field and he will throw up past over you. I'll never win a super bowl. You shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut. That doesn't mean that he was circumcised in there. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many teens in the league? 32. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Jacals his signals and he brews. Oh. The dolphins have no defense and their offenses. A joke. Like George Bush eating pretzels. You know they're gonna choke. They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race. With fewer points than puck marks on. Hisingas ugly face in there. The Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many teens in the league? 32. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Now they're free. They're free. 102560 WQM boy. They suck or what? They are brutal. Off all. Embarrassing humiliating. I would say I'm taking a three other games. The 62 to 7 lost the Jacksonville playoffs few years ago. And then I remember what season was. But at the end of the year they were playing the bills. The end of the season they played the bills the last game before the playoffs. And then they went up to Buffalo when the snowing got blown out again. And he was putting around the playoffs. Few years here. They didn't make any. See this isn't a sports show. So I haven't had a look on your face like, oh, I don't remember. You know, it was. It was making a difference what your was. I remember when they got blacked out during a playoff game. Right. They couldn't sell it out. That's right. When it's out, this is such a great football town. We couldn't saw it a playoff game. Is that a burasing or what? Huh? And I mean, it didn't make any difference. The idea the reason you enjoy it is because when you're rooting for another team, the people here take it so hard because that's that like the marlins with the world series. You know, how fast that disappeared? Would the people taking the baseball camps back to Kmart for a refund? Well, we went to the parade. Now, can we have our money back? You know, like, we're never going to go again. And we're certainly not going to go to any games because of my cost to some money. So that like vanished. That's that's history. But they take it like, Oh, aren't we blessed down here, Jim? Aren't we cursed down here, Jim? Like the whole quality of life is you was based on the successor failure of your sports teams. Well, I'll tell you one thing. If that's the case for last 36 years, Toronto was must be a cesspool, you know, why don't I want to be there for last 36 years? Any cups? No, any chance? No, no. Didn't ain't here. What's that? That's why you're not here. That's why I'd go to Toronto. It ain't here. Oh, I see. That's that's a good reason. I'd go to like your rendez-coid because it's not here. 560505060 on the 8th. I'd go to T-neck New Jersey because it's not here. I'd go to Tentifl. I'd go to Engelwood. How do you like that? That's desperate. T-neck. Here's Hollywood. Hello. I'd go to Trenton. Hollywood. Not there? Not there. Here's Boca. Hello. Boca. What is it deal with these phones with these calls? 56050505060 on the 8th and T-line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I'll be going. Okay. Good. I want to turn a couple comments. Number one. Boating for call on mine. Whoever hasn't seen it. Go out and rent it right now. It's a great movie. Have you seen it? Yes. Number two. I want to say thank you because I checked out the website over the weekend. I saw some of the info from CBC. I was totally a little bit. I wanted to be sure about it. I kept on reading. I saw them. They like stuff that. The government wanted to know stuff that sounded. So much truth. I'm more informed of whatever. There's not so much truth. I'll document it. It's not like somebody pulled it out of a hat or just made it up. Especially the part of what the government's trying to hide all the information. Classifying it. It's. You know we can find more information like that or not. Where you can find more. Well, I read some books to be good. Like go on our website. You'll see a whole list of books you ought to be reading. Like the Al Franken book and the David Corn book and the Molly Ivins book. And the Michael Moore book since he mentioned Bowling for Columbine. The new Michael Moore and the Dude Words My Country. That's what you ought to be reading which are 20 pages or 30 pages on the year. That's what you ought to be doing. Paul redo some reading. Don't believe that out there. Media and sure it's how to believe your government. They're having a subpoena to the White House. The the committee that they appointed to investigate 9-11. They're having a subpoena that the records that the White House refuses to turn over. You don't know what it reminds me of. It's like the and the media continues to pass along stuff and you listen to what you think. You people must think we're all morons. Like with Arnold. Well Arnold said that once the election was over he would investigate these allegations against him. Have you ever heard of anything so ludicrous in your life? He's going to get a private investigation going of the charges against him. That would be like Ted Bundy sin. Well I don't really remember any of that but I'm going to I'll connect it. It's like OJ saying he's going to investigate the murders of Ron and Nicole. Same thing. He's going to investigate. Is it if he doesn't know whether we did all these things or not Arnold. And the media reports it like, well this makes sense. Don't you understand he's going to investigate it. What? Like Hitler's going to investigate whether those people really died or not. Oh, like that. Yeah, but I'm just as an example. I mean, how could anybody so stupid is to believe that how could the media be so irresponsible to put it in those terms? Well, you know, he's a tool Tom Broker. He's going to investigate what the election is over. The. Right. It would be like Bubba sin. Oh, I'll investigate about those blow jobs. I'll conduct an investigation. Oh, yeah. He's going to all the dry cleaners. What a joke, man. What are frequent jokes? And by the way, a little jury even sent that facts eight minute times. I don't look at it. Not interested in your idiot. And thanks for listening to that. Top right into show in a USA in a world in the universe. 560. 560. No, this is see this is a guy used to someone little squiggly writing for a year's and years every single day. You're an idiot. You're out of your mean. You're nasty. And now he tries. He's got some a new deal. But I have to see like one word on the fact you know who it is. He sends it over and over again. So now we do have to take his radio. We got to take his facts machine now, too. No, we just have to take him into burn his ass. Oh, right. With a lighter with a big lighter. Just stick it in their real deep. Back to him. 560. 560. 560. We just send you a little bit first on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Here's my email. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yes. I'm coming. I'm coming. I mean me. Hey. Yeah. Uh-huh. Here's a call from Kendall. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. Is this you? Sounds like me. Oh, man. It's a pleasure. Sounds like me or my twin brother. Oh, man. I haven't spoke to you since 2000. So I guess that doesn't make me too chronic. I wonder if I had a twin brother if he'd have good volume movements or not. But anyway, go ahead, sir. No. You know what? Your great. I'd love this. And I just had the privilege lately to be out on the road, and you just say, um, I'll ask on your right. There you go. And you're the best man here. Goodness, it's almost the one 30. And there we go. Hey, well, just come out of the boat you had. I was just curious. What, what, were you living Broward County now, or what? What, what episode? What, what episode? What the lady with the hospital, have to be lady, giving you the nasty look. While I went and say she was hostile, but she was just very ungrateful, and just, you know, as you couldn't give a crap. It was a year I'm Broward at public's. day county to groward and the difference is unbelievable people maybe brutal and groward but compared to day county got it's like a breakfast for sure yeah well day counties are for in country you take your passport when you cross the border I have to show my passport at the turnpike thing every morning I hear you I was wondering because I didn't have a touch without a state I came back and I know you move on but you used to the absolutely correct sir which I heard today absolutely correct that is part of the hilarious bit that I'm not playing a birdstander in a way yeah you know I will for those of you who are to the still a good memory okay thanks a lot palie thanks for the suck job five six seven oh five sixty here look at this facts huh so you don't get stuff like that in there just thought I'd chime in oh no not not gonna be a see it's from the monkey man go away see now that thing along here I'm actually gonna see this I'm not I'm not gonna read it you don't understand you're wasting your time just you know if you keep your office street go right ahead draw pictures right 80 million words I'm not gonna read it it's just amazing that there are some people reminds me I saw fatal attraction in last night for the eight million time I've seen many many times but burn man and it's it's the same thing it's like there are a bunch of stalkers and no matter how much you despise them how revolting they are you can't get rid of them they just refuse to go away so monkey man go play with somebody else's monkey okay get lost I'm not reading your facts look at it your pictures I'll go find a life would be a good idea God it's just I hear it see here you go one letter you don't even need you even need to look you don't even need to look at it but this is part of the South Florida why I see they want to extend the hand of anger so if they don't get in the line they facts oh absolutely yeah I wish I had absolutely on here but I don't a lot of things we don't have in the 360 here that I do up there you know I'm talking about absolutely yeah 11 past one at five 60 WQM hey that guy from Rochester before where but he was from an upstate New York how much he remembers vicaners because they were doing it right in 191934 and Rochester serving up those great dogs and burgers vicaners is here in South Florida right now that's the great news for you folks looking for something new and fresh and delicious and not too expensive vicaners on federal highway just South at Barbarbo hard and the tunnel on the east side vicaners is like taking a flashback in time going to the time tunnel to what restaurants used to be before the fast food junk that's on every street corner right now go into the vicaners enjoy our real burger or dogs served hot fresh and fast with their amazing signature meat sauce poured on top that's the big difference and vicaners is being brought to you in South Florida by the same guy so feed you cheap or cheaper than a used the same fresh 100% ground shock meat as cheaper cheaper drop you an incredible big fact dog is nothing like a big fat dog a quarter pound hot dog the biggest piece of meat you've had this week and of course like I said with that signature meat sauce on there it's just like taking you back to time in the Rochester New York or like in Batavia or in Pococci or any of those joints they also have a great breakfast menu with vicaners they got your omelette cooked order French toast pancakes all your favorite side dishes so go and see what all the excemines about check out vicaners for yourself they're on federal highway just south at Barbarbo hard and tunnel on the east side and be sure to tell me all cracky knee who used to really be good the Rogers Institute by the Vic and Irves and I guess the diaries better my wife took their cardered a mole she drives my new again she's three feet tall I wouldn't write what's on her way I said I needed a lady today so I'm just sitting on the freaking Fortunately waiting for theader for the early bust you take me away All in Josh Luna to freaking your way we play Her flag is tied to tell my chain Because the bus is always the same All that kind of doing what Kella tells me to do The climate halades, she must be insane Trusting you can rest in my bones When re-wired my wife will leave me alone We thought to overcome that I never weed I just wind up slipping through the morning again Owing to my ship on a pension day Weeding for the lovely pasted to be away Owing to the kitchen on a pension day With my friend Rine Weeding for the house Weeding for the house Weeding for the house 16th to 5.60 WCM, you know how many listeners there are The sports show is an estate But third man It's all the same people Here's this New England poll asshole again It wasn't bad enough that I ripped him for calling it on the show this morning But now he's passing me here Don't fags here no mole Okay, New England poll And don't give me a song that's because your patriot fan I'm supposed to like you you're chronic you're an idiot And he gets all bad out of shape If I won't read his faxes on a year I won't But I will tear them up on you Here's that I like the sound of it Excellent Idiot Man, oh man this radio station is a cancer It really is You know what I'm talking about? This this whole sports nerd thing? Terminal It is so freaking ponders And by the way, tell your friend since he was in here I'm not out this morning Tell him tomorrow I'll expect the check from his ass Okay, now that I'm here For abandoned per rescue instead of all that crap Yeah I don't need you here lad Very fuzzy The starting fuzzy Yeah, tell off we're all to get a goddamn check in here He can handle it What are you laughing about? Well, why are you laughing? You're a great friend I don't know if you know that I feel a check on that Well, tell him to bring a blank check I'll fill it out Formal, okay I'll fill it out God And some of these other people around here I don't want to mention no names Makein' a big bucks from this place Of course George used other way to you come back I guess he was right You know, try to impress me I don't want to be impressed They just want the money for the cats and the dogs Mostly the dogs God Here's a call from Hylia Hello Hylia Going once Long gone Here's Orlando Hello Hey Neil Yes sir I'm calling him Holy, here it's like Good Good Well, I mean, I mean, you're not chronic Well, so my maybe But last week I listen to your shows every Time I get a chance The archives, everything Last week we get up at the Reagan movie And CBS You know, panoring and pulling it off They pulled it They pulled it, yeah And I got a call, yep I never ripped you or anything Never You're a best and radio But it got me angry with that guy Called up that you were a hippocryph now Oh, that was a crank That kid was a kid It's a chronic crank The condolence of that Yeah Why you can't play it Right Weak the stuff Even on your best of CDs Right That is correct I thought QAM had nothing to do with your best They don't help you out or anything If they get paid when you put on there It's right Then that particular case you're correct Well, here's the Collector See, let me tell me try to explain something You and a lot of other people out there Think that life is so simple There are people I hate to break the news to you But there are people out there who would like to use things like that To try to attack this program My livelihood This radio station And we're not just going to hand it over to them Say, oh, well, here you go See how much damage you can do So you just like make the stuff go away If you have any brains at all Oh So if somebody theoretically I'm not playing me But if they had a copy of that They wanted to take it a falsering program And spread it about that wouldn't be a good idea I don't know what I'm going to do Think of whatever it is that they want Well, why are you so obsessed with that bit What difference does it make? It's just the principle behind it You always say what's on your mind You don't back down There's a difference though Don't you understand there's a difference I work for other people who pay my paycheck Okay, I'm not a network I don't make decisions like that I work for other people And they had the final say on what's going to be on a radio station Or not they own the license Don't you see the difference? You're still about the radio Okay, have a great day sir Oh, brother Round and around and around 560 560 Pound 560 On the AT&T And Verizon Wireless Line Here's for Lauderdale, huh? Yeah, here's for on their voice count Saying I'm a really nice guy Oh, brother Reverend Jones now playing his old tapes That's how much he's in himself And by the way, if we ever see a pop at O Park by the We're going to stick out the middle of the stretch As Brian series of wally hennessey come down the stretch We're going to stick your ass right in the middle Here's a call from Miami, hello Miami Hello Yes This must be Alex again Who called before? Okay, well listen, I'll have a great life 560 560 Pound 560 On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line Here's Tamarack, hello Aconio Yes sir Okay, a couple of things You as far as the cops would be in the school You remember the picture of Nazi With a 5 year old kid holding a rifle to a kid in Germany Yeah It's the same same kind of stuff The kids are laying there with his hands up All right, the second thing I wanted to talk about is Is there prisons of war from the first Gulf war that would torture There were pistol upon, they were clicked up with With the revolvers and everything And they were awarded money But however the Bush administration says We cannot release the frozen funds from the Iraqi funds Because we needed to rebuild the rack Right There's not beauty There's like those great veterans benefits They're doing such a good job on too Do you know I just donated to the JWV Because the guy was standing in the way to cut I don't give money to anybody Yeah They're all a ripple here for it But the point is they have to pay $8.1 As a combat veteran if they're in the hospital With charging our veterans money to be wounded in a hospital Right It was unbelievable And until I came out of the news until a few weeks ago We were charging them for meals too We were charging them pay for their own meals That's correct It's unbelievable Okay long time less than I got great show or we enjoyed Zagazun Thank you, YouTube 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T By the way those who don't know what that means it's code We speak in code Here is West Miami, hello Yes sir How you doing? Pretty good Neil, I know you got a lot of great books on your website And I just finished the terrific book It's by X Naval Officer Jeffrey Gilbert I don't know if you read that book No, never heard of it Call the American Fiction The Uncle Chicken Letts story No American Fiction What? What I call this fiction Yeah 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T And Verizon Yeah He has somebody reading a book Called the Chicken in the Hawk 23 after one at 560 WM560 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T This great fashion of intellectualism It's probably another hiraku in fan there That's what he was It's so sad that some of you out there Your whole life revolves around Silly ball crab Ball crab Yeah, that's your life as ball crab Oh give me the ball Give me the ball We lost We lost what we got to do Jim, are we cursed out here? Very sad If they would get his emotional about things They're really counted as they do about Kakka Then maybe we might actually make some change You know it Like Michael Jackson would say Make that change But what do they really whipped up to a frenzy about? Kakka Whoop Pissing What else? What am I missing? Not much Here's Carl Springs Hello Hey, me or Hawaii Okay Uh, I can't help I'll mo- I would David or Is the moisture of the houses You need to serve this as the same Call you a new in this morning This is the same call you made in this morning Forbidham You see what I mean? You see what I mean? I mean that may be old and seen all But I'm on the U.S. There's the same as all With the same call How can you be the most of the dolphins When everybody thinks you met a young? Get our life you idiot You know they got to let that, yeah Look that avoid mo. Almost enough to take me make me on mo side Almost Not quite Which ethnic or racial group is most protective Or paranoid about it's own I was prompted for an I pull again because of Mary of elephant in that ridiculous story about those going into churches again. Oh, we got to we got to send emails to the governor. We got to support Mary of it's a racial thing right sure. Blacks 2011 Jews 140. Oh, a Cuban 87. Oh, could I have? Marsville the 17 and Italians only five. And you want to know why to say Italians only five? Because they don't want to offend their Italian friends. You don't understand it, don't you? Very important. Because otherwise, you know what happens? I want to make them not all pretty good. Exactly. Although I do like better than that. Do you know who I am? I'm Mo Green. I made my phone when you were going out with cheerleader. Hey, Mo. Oh, Jesus. 567. 056. Pond 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. I'm the mad dog at two and he is going to be pissed off and fired up and suicidal today and probably dump all over as well. What can he do? You're supposed to win you five C.C. Oh, you a M. Beautiful. He was young. He was innocent. He was as great as peace of the ass. I love the eye. I'm not hurt of all all in the world. Can you come? I'm home. What's the dinner? Oh, hi, Homer. We're having chicken. Whoa. Or is it tuna? Joe. I don't get it. I can't sense chicken. Whoa. But it tastes like tuna. The Jessica Simpsons. It's TV's first animated reality show with two dimensional Homer and one dimensional Jessica. Perfect. Get it. Thank you, sorry. It's a popular way. Oh, Homer. I don't eat buffalo. It'll be silly. Jessica. Everybody know the popular way that made from chicken. Oh, let's check another sea. Oh, the Jessica Simpsons. Because people this down could only be in cartoons. Right? Oh, I stayed at Homer Simpsons and he's got the inside story. On Prince Charles. He prefers the company of men. Who does it? 13560WQAA and a great Monday man. It's a great thing that day to be in South Florida, isn't it? Oh, it's fabulous. Fabulous. Almost as fabulous as cross-dressing. Here's a call from Davy. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, about that call, the last week, you know, who's called to a hypocrite. Yeah. I understand you're just doing where your bosses are coming here to do. And you know, you don't run the radio station. But why do you criticize so Henry for, you know, for his views? For his views on what? But you could have said so, Henry for what? Wait, what did his views have to do with what that collar was talking about? He wouldn't talk about my views. No, no, no. Cause you responded to his call saying, well, I don't mean to. Because I think he's so loud. That's why because he wanted to answer the question or not. He wanted answered you just want to keep up, up, up, up, up, up, up. But you don't want to answer. So I can waste my time. What, what is the comparison between that? It's, it's like saying, well, you know, you talked about that collar last week and $1.75. What? Huh? Exactly. Man, old man. $5.67. Get back on your banana boat. Pal, I'll see you at the limo place of the airport. Here's a lady in West and hello. Hello. I think he paints his bald spot. Yes, man. Hey, I got a question for you. Good. Finally, a decent one. What happened to the Marlins and the President? I mean, who is a jerk anyway? But why haven't the Marlins been to Washington or why didn't? No, I can't ask you this question. Yeah. We have American kids who are dying every day in Iraq, who should have wore that you'd never been fought. We got kids being threatened at gunpoint by a Gestapo stormtroopers in South Kala and our public school. And you worried about why the Marlins have been to the White House? No, I don't really care. 5.670. 5.60. What a simple and bitch. Oh my god. That's unbelievable. That's the thing that she's got to worry about. And you wonder why America's in the state that it is today. I want to say to you, lady. You're a bitch. You're a slut. You wore. Yeah. And that's the nicest thing I can say to you. 5.670. If I see what I'm talking about with the sports thing. Oh, the Marlins should be at the White House. And the President should be sucking their ass. And it should be given like Jared Tall to Jack McKeon. And then all the say, you know, good stuff. Yeah. Maybe he'll stir Jack's Weetina for him. OK? If he's talks real nice to him. Here's my me Lake, Selo. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? I'm doing great. Hey, I don't want to change the subject. But I don't know. Oh, I don't have a subject. Subject is whatever you want. Unless we don't like it. I thought you'd get a good laugh. I'm knowing that. Do you get men's top magazine? No, I sure don't. It only fags get that. For this latest edition, Liz Highly in the top 25 Best Cities for men to live. Are you kidding me? Yeah, but you got to get it. Just a check it out. No, I would never buy that magazine. It's bad for my image. Have a great day, Pali, and push up a little. Will you sweetheart? There's a fact. What? You buy men's health magazine? No. Of course not. Only fags buy that magazine. I don't know why. Is it like they could picture something? I've never even. There's no it's a fag mag. It's a Metro sexual publication. Oh, is that what it is? I forgot about that. That's how a Dean said. It's Metro sexual. Howard Dean, which was the way to say I'm not a queen just because I do have a wife. You know, in a family, just because I signed at the gay partner thing in Vermont. See, now I love Howard Dean, but that was such a stupid way he got boxed in the corner. And I, because they replayed the debate over the weekend, the rock, the vote. And when he's saying when they're back in the middle of the corner about the weekend, Federer flag, and he's appealing to the white Yahoo pickup truck driving voter in the south by saying that we want your vote and we want to get you into our tent and then he turns around and said, well, I'm the only one on this platform who signed gay rights legislation for partnership. And I'm thinking to myself, oh, yeah. That's the thing. Oh, roof is down there and Joe with his doberman and his pickup truck and his is a rebel flag on a back. He's you're going to come to you right now, Howard. Jesus. Tell me up a little bit about crap like that. Keep it a secret. Five, six, seven, 05, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT and T in Verizon and to show you how desperate John Kerry is. Number, oh, no, John Kerry fired a campaign manager. And now what's his name, John Edward from North Carolina. Now he's bringing up the rebel flag thing again. He's he that's his only issue. Bring it back again. As the Democrats do what they do the best, try to like shoot each other in the foot and self-destruct. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, you know how you're doing buddy. I'm doing all right. Okay. Better than dolphin fans man. I'm doing a better than him. Yeah, it's a very sad. What they saw. They thought you about the, another cell out weasel like like a friend, Phil, Henry. No, no, no, don't start segue with this last caller. Okay, though, let's just stick to whatever you want to talk about. Did these people are playing a game today? They all got a game. They all got an agenda. Yeah, the upweadals of Congress and that issue. Are you sure? The issue of the non issue of paying for your meals in hospital here? Yeah. It's a non issue because no cherry person now who don't get on a base, get a check to get the meals. And when they get the meals on the base, like a hospital, they're going to give that money back. That's all it is. It's wherever you are. And so, and that's anybody in hospital, whether you're sick or in state side or whatever, that course the weasels and Congress grabbed the heart of it and said, we're in a defend our military personnel and those of them that don't get killed, well, we're going to give them their meals. Well, really, it's true. Well, I think that was an interesting thing. Those of them that don't get killed, that was the operative. Very, very sad too that it is operative. They're done every day, man. And they're dying for nothing. They're dying for oil and for big business. It's a sin. And a plan. And a public's worried about why the Marlins are at the White House. Yeah. Right. So, maybe the Marlins ought to be running the White House. Be a hell of a big improvement. Have a great day, pal. Yeah, you too. See. Yeah, maybe Jack McKean ought to be running this country. What do you say? Oh, right. Let's go, old Jack, huh? He demand. Instead of this ridiculous big, dumb old eared group all is D&D guy, dangerous and dumb, who's just a pawn. Dick Cheney's the one that's called McCall-Mashot. We have some good articles on the website last two, three days. About how this country is being run by Dick. Right. It's exactly what we got. Dick with the bad ticker man. He's got E5 pacemaker. Another dick in the White House? That's what we got. I wonder if he's spotted or not. Like you'll spot it out. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60. I hope you all had a good bomb moving over the weekend, especially after those two football games. Can you imagine, but my mother's really, uh, she's jealous. She is jealous. Because if there's one thing you could say about both performances by the Hurricanes and it all fins it was. That was it. Heavy duty. On believable lap. Total and pure and unadulterated lap. Set again. I love it. And by the way, that's no lap. 22 till 2, don't forget. You've got to get for relevering me in a check tomorrow. How you're laughing about it. Just remind him. He just keeps forgetting about it. He'll do it. He's not a cheap skid, is he? No. No. He's a, he's a, uh, in fact, get him liquored up a little. But give him some of them pills that George left you. He might steal a freight train at that point. Yeah. Good. Well, he can donate it to a panda per rescue. We'll sell it. Well, ponad, we'll auction off right on the street corner where my girl's going to be selling drugs tomorrow. 22 before a two already this has gone by fast today. Don't ask me why I never dreamed of the first part. See, of course, there's two things. Number one, I have a work in this studio in a couple months. And number two, it's Monday morning, which means that the sports assholes have been here all weekend long. George is always screaming about a two and rightfully. So screw in with air with all this settings with everything. Because this is like a playground for the sports. There is when we have a bunch of ball games on and we had a hurricane game on. We had a panther game on Saturday night, such as a was. By the way, Scott Mellon, we love you. But shut up already. And then we had the dolphin game on yesterday, such as it was. I think the dolphins missed the bus through the stadium in Tennessee. Did they? So who is on the field? The Miami Women's auxiliary. Well, that is well, I mean, seriously, as you watch that game, I kept thinking of myself, I see two different things. I see one team that's out there to try to win a football game. And I see another team that's just like they're going through the motions. They don't care. My grandmother could attack a better than they were doing yesterday. And I still say Tennessee could have scored at least 100 points if they really would have put their nose to the grindstone, but what my father, I think they held up. Now they held back. I mean, that was so piss poor and these people, oh, like Jeff Cole. I mean, just a good guy, but he's another one of those fans. He has to, if you're going to be a real fan, don't dilute yourself. You're hopeful for the best. Of course, you like your team to win every game. But don't dilute yourself in the thinking that your horseball team is great. Oh, they're going to turn it around. We're talking super, boy. Yeah. It happens in his town all the time. Why can't you, you can still be a fan and not bullcraft yourself. But that's what they do. Oh, here we go. My chair. My amy has to go. Come back. 20 till 2 at QAM. If you're looking to replace that old tired carpeting in your home, let me tell you about lemon and cirros. This is a great idea for you. Remember the easy low maintenance alternative to expensive natural wood flooring. Lemon and cirros is the best place to find lemonade and wood flooring from peridor. Pergo Wilson Art Uniform Quickstep. And all of lemon and cirros flooring is installed by pergo certified installers. Here's another great reason why I got to be calling lemon and cirros. Their prices are so low they'll floor you. By the way, that kid that called about to fill anything, it's just dawning I'm able to slow that's the circle you're a crew of the Julios. The three calls. But anyway. Right now, lemon and cirros, you can get their falls special for just 1495 bucks. Let me say it again, just 1495 gets you up to 295 square feet of beautiful lemon and wood flooring. A price that is unbeatable and unbelievable. And lemon and cirros will match any legitimate written offer to which is why it is unbeatable. For free and home estimate calm today, toll free, call 1-877-777-3336. Look at be simpler, free carpet disposal, free furniture moving at 25 year warranty and years and eons of beautiful easy care lemon and wood flooring. If you want to check this out there's no obligation, be sure to turn that craft across the crafty old Neil Turgutie call. Lancer us, it's toll free, what you got to lose. 1-877-777-3336. This is a score 256. You way am. But they would jump. I thought it's so wide from our friends at the memory loss at home. I'll present the memory loss at their... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... You are a fantacca fat flimp. You know who I am? How bad you make fun of me. Why I'll have you know, I'm the poop. ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... All right, that's your fight. Get out! Just an outside fair. Never mind that. To the old... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... I'll show that old bastard. Perfect. A nice street truck. The GTD and scrum ready in both the mug look. Ah! Gratting against Graham. You get back in a truck and do what I say. See? Right now drive. See? Just shut up and keep driving. Uh, back and forth and forth in a station. See? Yes. Would you like to leave? I'm changing the sign. I've got our 11 somehow. There. Free mammograms? Sure. Then all the birds got into. There's locked in babies right up here in the window. And we perform a public service. We are being flattened down. Uh, got had. Hey, you kids. Get out of here. This ain't a nice green truck, no more. I go get your model. Uh, uh, that's a nice, kind of cool. Hold it. Right. I forgot. Dude, this sits in the label. Put right back to the station. Most should be walking out right about now. Yeah. There is. Let me have this. Hey, mom. I'm afraid. What's with your family? I'm here. I'm here. I just want to talk to you. I'm just going to talk to you. You're my slice. I know. You're a bastard. I'm in. I'm in. Hey, go. No. No, no. That's great for mold. No. No. You can be. I'm. No. No. Ah. 146. 560. So anyway, Katrina, thank you. She just brought in some of the most delicious stuff. No, it's not food. Arizona, I see, which are love, but this is no, it's a special no-carb thing. There are two of them, blueberry green tea and white cranberry green tea. No carbs, zero carbs. And they're delicious. I love Arizona, I see. Maybe we could get like Jeff Cohen can bring over when he comes over later in a week about 5,000 these you think? He don't take out a loan. Something. I beg them. I told him, don't go in that location. You can't see it from the street. It's been a hundred other restaurants and they all feel don't go in there. Ah, that's a, that's a, that's a, I got a partner. You know, you can't tell anybody nothing. All they say is, you know, they got the what, yeah, look. Right. That's it. 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T line, which ethnic racial group is the most protective or paranoid about its own. They're own. Blacks 233. Bymirium. Jews 157. Cubans 94. Muslims 19 and Italians only five. Don't be picking on them. Here's Hylia. Hello. Oh, Nill. First time call it. Yes, sir. This is a John's little Havana. And I just want to say I just saw George in the father or two month. Yeah, okay. Great. Have a good time in Hylia at the J.C. pennies. He's doing the limbo rock. He's drilling glory holes in the T-room of J.C. pennies of Westland. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm figured out why the world is going down the tube. And why is that, sir? Readlets. Yeah. Kid, to me, I was at my girlfriend's parents the other night for dinner. And her sister and law was arguing about her son joined a Baptist church and had to get 15% of her's check. And I said, well, aren't you going to church to it? She said, yeah, but I don't give that much money. And I said, well, both of you are given money for some. She said, well, he's in a coal. I said, well, which one are you in? And she said, well, I'm Catholic. And I said, well, you're in the biggest coal. And the only thing is I was exactly. I was put in the closet. She's in a, she's in the cross dressing coal. I was the guy with a man in the dress. I was like, you can. Okay, Pauling. Okay. Let him just tell him, cut the voice. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound. Don't be frustrated. 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Good old-time religion, baby. But, you know, when you got the brain washed masses out there, you expect them to think for themselves? No, of course not. That's why we're just, we're just farting into windstorm, but at least I'm taking in big checks home, right to the back. That's it. Farting into windstorm. And I sure hope that the little Julio's out there. See, they did this to celebrate my coming back to town today. So that's why we had to think of the original call last week was them. About the Reagan thing. And I'm a hippie. And then so we, these are the follow-up calls. They're all sitting around each other with sandpaper. There are many others, uh, shlongs with sandpaper. Here's, because there's no sense there's no feeling. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. I wonder, how did anyone ever find out if there's anyone into what house or in the Congress? Do they have any, are you sure are you Jamaican? Yes, I am. Oh, I can't talk to you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, on the AT&T. Well, he's probably subversive. Yeah, I'm not. Well, I'm not talking. You probably had drug drug kind of guy, you know, a roster guy. Like, uh, poor, what's his name? Ricky Williams, there yesterday. Oh, did you, did you know that the colds have got a Ricky Williams also? Really? Yeah, they got a Ricky Williams. Where's he play? In the T-room? With the other guys? No, and they got a Ricky Williams. I couldn't believe that. It's the one who got a change of your name. And after the dolphin game yesterday, I know which one it ought to be. Oh, yeah. I changed my name to anger to haircut. Here's dear field. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I apologize if you already covered this by how did you reading articles out of the Sun Sentinel today. Did you see the article where the government is trying to take away money from former POWs of Iraq and use that money to rebuild Iraq? Yeah, we just somebody talked about that. Men to go, yeah. I didn't hear. Is that disgusting? The fact that they were beaten and abused and peed on and everything else. So, we can't be bothered. We're sorry. We need to, we need that money for brechtell and Haliburton. That's right. Our barn's gonna make out was. See, then this administration is Robin Hood and reverse. Deal from the poor and give to the rich. Unbelievable. Yes. Thank you, sir. Then thank you. Absolutely correct. My and local. Your sports video 560's you and you, A.M. Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. There he is. There's the mad dog. He is pissed, baby. He is phoning at the mom. We're gonna jump you in the drug called THT. This ferroid that won't show up in your feet. Alright. We're gonna jump you in the gym and it's very fine. I will scoop you have what that muscle on. The fake hand's planted with a microscope. Every player must be doing. Where they'll jump you if you want to play for those sports. There they'll jump you and then they'll hollow you into court. There I'll go and just make your muscles lift. Then when you test your sides, it's easy to do. No matter what they ask, just say no. Every player must be doing. Fifth home with Yelmokki. One 55 man dog is looking good. He's a little pissed off. A little surley. He was making some nasty comments about Mo. I just made that up. Why, I know. Why not? He did make some nasty comments about their performances. He said the stench of common ore, from me into this place. So that's a scotton there. And they ran out of here. Here's a fact. I love this. Facts in this right out of City Hall and Goose Creek says, what about our student list? This actually is making a little effort. Look at that. That a beautiful thing. It says home paid City of Goose Creek and it's got a big swastika there. A big swastika. Oh, and it says welcome to the City of Goose Creek. Here we have only the finest Nazi swatting in the US. If your kids go to school here, you can be assured that if there's any identification that's any indication of some kind of shenanigans that's taking place on school property, we will send in our professional stormtroopers with their guns drawn. We proud ourselves in rousing teenage blacks. We don't call them niggers anymore. Unfortunately, who we suspect have drugs on them, even if we don't have proof. So y'all come on down and move to Goose Creek. It says, nice going. Listener, whoever the hell you are out there. Send a get to City Hall in Goose Creek. Stop Carolina. Man, oh man. Everybody hit the floor. Oh, okay. Here you are. Come on. You first. See, Merckon, effin' away. Oh, people get in the fatter. I love this. I hope bad boys listen. And Josh Friedman used to be here. Huh? He was here last night. Josh Friedman. Yeah. He's my psychic powers again. Wow. Somebody facts this in. Of course, all the articles about people getting fat, Miguel brought me this earlier. Kids, and that's fat count of Europe would die in lifestyle in Italy. Where they used to be so healthy and all that pasta and all that stuff that they didn't make them fat. But now the problem is they're missing it with all the crap that we have exported. And now the Italian kids are the fattest in Europe. Probably then McDonald's and all the other garbage is to the Mediterranean died. So Italian kids are getting fat and like I said, good news for fat boys. Scales that go up to a thousand pounds. Steering wheels for drivers who can't fit behind standard wheels. And advice tell people who can't been over to put on their socks and supersize towels. This is great. This is for America baby. Yeah, because we're fat. We're big fat dying sick diabetic assholes. But we sure like to eat a lot. And aren't you proud of me? It's too hot. Nothing. Not a thing. How about you for that? Zippity Duda. Got to the first day on a show. I'm drinking my blueberry green tea from Arizona tea. It says increasingly companies are making bigger products for America's bigger people. Customize everything from caskets to seat belts. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 20% of Americans are considered obese. I guess we're running out of piano cases. While some researchers say that products can help overcome the stigma of being overweight, others suggest they might encourage obesity by making extra large the norm. And then where do we go from there? Like, yes, fat or fat or fat or fat? If we tacitly we adjust our world and some sets where we're responding to realities at Arthur Kaplan, Chairman of the Ethics Department of the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine and Fat. At the same time there's no doubt that making those adjustments makes it easier to live bigger. That's right. It used to be the products for overweight people. We're tucked away into the corners of stores. But now business is ranging from clothing retailers to car manufacturers. Recognize that big people are big business. Goliath casket of Lin Indian and every month ships four or five triple wide models. We're not talking about trailers, by the way. We're talking caskets. 44 inches wide compared to the standard 24. In July, July started offering a 52 inch wide model. Has already sold three company vice president Julian Davis said. See, what thing? Look at this. Bill Fabri and Nancy Summer founded ample stuff of bears building the York when summer who waste four hundred and fifty pounds told Fabri she couldn't find a sponge to read certain parts of her body. Fabri and engineer came up with these sponge on a stick. Spongebob, that's where Bob the sponge pants. The company is built on a tar line of products with heavier people in mind including seatbelt extenders. Higher limit scales and extra large towers. Big people just want to chance to do what everybody else takes for granted. Like maybe he has sex. Well, first you got to find it. Anyway, 500 and what we got five thirty two on a votes, which ethnic or racial group is the most protective or pernaut about their own. Blacks 247 Jews 162 Cubans 99 Muslims 19. The Tadians 5 and by the way, Miriam elephant one thing to say to you honey. Bye bye. Man dog, he's the best. I mean, that just makes you want to go whack it and a closet for about 15 minutes. Doesn't it?