We did it, we did it, we did it Shout-of-we-same to all the f*** up Shout-of-we-same to all the f*** up Shout-of-we-same to all the f*** up Shout-of-we-same to all the f*** up I racked the cabby little country It smells like moustache on a stage Just get rid of that Learn drinkin' jubby, and blow up to the hope I damage my sh** And shout-of-we-same to all the f*** up And shout-of-we-same to all the f*** up Shout-of-we-same to all the f*** up Shout-of-we-same to all the f*** up I r liebe magic, shout-of-we-same to all the f*** up Shout-of-we-same to all the f*** up Shut up, I'm saying the buzzer's f***ing up! Shut up, I'm saying the buzzer's f***ing up! 10, 0, 1, 5, 60, WQM, we got him. Do you notice that we got him? Yeah. We got him. Anyway, the market is going up there. There's Bompasani's got to be smile on his person. You got four more years of George's WB. I ain't to say that, but I think they might as well call off the election, which has been a lot of people like to do anyway. Okay, before we get any of that, and I... Nice going, Lynn. Lynn Samuels on her website today. Has got a national security archive picture in article in theirs. They showed it on the CBC yesterday, but of course the American ass-looking media won't show it. There's that old file footage of Rumsfeld shaking hands with Sonom Hussein back in 1983, and they showed the whole background around that. Maybe they did somewhere in U.S. because you can't watch them all all the time at the same time. Especially with all that football. How about that Patriots? Oh! Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. That was like I walk over it, because it scored a hundred points in that game. It gets a little girl's team. I hear these people call in Joe this morning. Oh, brother. Well, they're trying to talk themselves into it. Is what it sounds like to me. They're trying to talk themselves like this. Like I said last week, you can't talk yourself into winning a game in any event. You have to go out and do it, but they're like trying to talk themselves into some kind of fantasy reality. But they're honoring the march brothers. Kind of like those people, including me who've been trying to talk to myself and I believe we're going to be bush next year. Oh, chance. These people are playing the public, the ignorant American public like a violin. Would the help of the media? Anyway, here's the pull result from my Friday. A lot of votes. Which show business figure gives you the biggest pain in the ass we ask them. Rush Limbaugh, who was the late edition by the way. He passed him all like there were lean in a prone position. He popped him right on by. He's still popping him. Rush 400 11 votes. Michael Jackson 2.08. It looks like this is the week for Michael. By the way, if they're going to make the charges known. Rosie O'Donnell, 193 and colder 138. Good choice for number four. J. L. 92. Dr. Phil bald headed geek 81. Otter's colon pal. Talk about his prostate surgery. He on Sanders 66 Charlton, Heston 41, Oprah Winfrey 39. Barmer Streisand, Cross-eyed bitch 39. I don't know anybody who likes Barber Streisand except a few fruit kicks. Dennis Miller 37 went to Houston 35 Bill Mar 28. Excellent choice. Parasolton 27. Nancy Grace 24 should have done better than that. Ben Affleck 19, Justin Tinkerbell 19. I see a lot of similarities there. Ellen D. Genre 18, Russell Crow 11. Nicole Kidman 10, Jerry Lewis, A. Lady 8. Robert Downey Jr. 8, Liz Taylor and Jessica Simpson 8 of fees. Mel Gibson 7 canter reef six Jack Nichols and five. How cut anybody not like Jack Nichols and doesn't that Bobby? Isn't that disturbing? A little bit. You don't like him that much? No, I like Jack Nichols and a lot. Good why doesn't it Bobby? You should say it bothers me a little bit. It bothers you a lot. Almost as much as the fact that your rosane can be to be made to ten. Uh, Jr. Roberts 5 and Liz is mentally 5 out of 15 hundred and ninety eight. If I waited another second or two, it had 1600 votes on a weekend pool right in the middle of the holidays. Not too bad. So anyway, the rumors about I don't want to say because we got the beast this week because George is on vacation. I don't want to say anything about where the rumors are coming from because that would be bad for your future employment prospects at QAM. But nevertheless, we have a lot of rumors because somebody's just a little waddling fat yantu can't control himself and we like that. That's one of the things we heard about the beast. Perfect that he's got a big mouth, small penis big mouth. Matter of fact yesterday morning was shocking to me. I woke up and there were two inches. Which many of us have every day we wake up with two inches. No seriously, there was two inches of snow on a ground. And I thought, holy crap. Look at that. Most of it's gone now. And then I went into the living room and I waddled in there and turned on the TV and we got him. We got him. And I thought, what the hell could happen next? You know, it's one of those days when maybe the, I bet you the papids got a kick some ass again today. And they did that too. How do you like that? We did it. Yeah. We did it. Yeah. We got him. Ladies and gentlemen, we got him. Anyway, so there's a result of the pool. Here's today's pool. I'm going to get right to me. I'm not going to be to run a bush. And I know I know what I'm going to get all week long. And that's fine. I'm prepared for it. I'm going to take you right now. There were only two of the Democrats yesterday had the balls to tell it is to give the correct answer. And that was Al Sharpton and Wesley Clark. The rest of them full of crap. Especially Dick Kemphardt. What an asshole he is. Dick Kemphardt comes on yesterday. And he says, well, you know, if they're asking about the political implications of capturing Sodom. And he says, well, you know, we have to be honest about this. If the administration can bring this all to a successful conclusion in Iraq and Kwashell, Kita, and maybe we ought to just be ready for another four years of George W. Bush and Salud are a tip our head to him. I'm thinking, what the hell are you doing? Like, it just, they're like four fitting the game before it started. You jackass Dick Kemphardt. Man. But the only ones that had the balls to tell it like it was where Al Sharpton. See, I can't stand Al Sharpton, but the fact that matter is he says all the right things most of the time and he's got a great sense of humor. You despise Al Sharpton as much as most? I think he's funny. Yeah. Nobody, he had the balls to say it exactly right that this was the wrong war and a wrong guy and had nothing to do with 9-11. And we ought to have been concentrating on the fight on terrorism and about Al Kitan, where the Hoso-Sama, which is exactly what Wesley Clark said too. While Howard Dean and all the other ones were waftling and equivocating. And this is not a day for criticism and we have to tip our head to the troops and a president bush and I'm thinking to myself, why don't you guys just like it, give heart, go ahead and and forth it right now. You haven't got a Chinaman's Tansman unless something cataclysmic happens in the next 11 months. Democratic Party has got two chances, none and much less than none. Oh, you shouldn't say that, Neil. Don't be in the feed. I'm just talking. That's your honest truth. The poll, the latest poll that was taken, this is before the captured Sodom over the weekend. Bush 52 and Dean 41 percent of the election were right now, two days, 52 to 41. Here's today's poll. And I started to say, I know what I'm going to be getting all week long. Well, see Neil, you were wrong. And what do you have to say now? I have to say just the same thing else dropped in the Wesley Clark state yesterday. Same thing I've always been saying. Was it worth sacrificing all the lives of the hundreds of troops, allied troops that have died? No, of course not. Not to mention the thousands of Iraqi people. Was it worth it? Especially when you take a look at old insamials website if you want. I'm not going to put an ours. Go to ensembles.com. And there's the picture in the whole. I'm going to read the article. The National Security Archive, Rumsfeld, Shaken Sodom, San Si. This is what the US does all the time, but they can get away with it because most Americans know nothing about history whatsoever. They know squad. So they can keep getting away with it. Over and over and over again. He was our guy. He was our butcher. Like all the old Jews at cemetery village and the other conters. They like their butcher. Maybe next condo people to their butcher and such a good guy. But they like their butcher. That's the way the US is. As long as he's doing our bidding as long as we can prop him up for a purpose, we'll arm him. Just like all the chemical weapons that we gave him. So it can gas the Iranians. That the fact that he gased his own people. Whether there was just a buy product of his being a little bit crazy. But that's just the way it goes. We've just turned the other cheek. Look at that. Paul for today. What's your take? On the capture of Saddam Hussein. First choice. That's by the way already facts this to Eric. Be so can take the pressure off you because I know you're in a lot of stress. Tons. That's one small step for humanity in one giant political lead for George W. Boe. That's the first choice. Second choice. No matter the cost it was well worth it. Third choice. The whole invasion was bogus based on lies. It's fine. But where's Osama? And last choice. Fry the bastard on Channel 7. What's your take on a capture of Saddam Hussein? That's one small step for humanity in one giant political lead for George W. Boe. No matter the cost it was well worth it. The whole invasion was bogus based on lies. It's fine. But where's Osama? Yamama? Or Fry the bastard on Channel 7. I was also going to put maybe Fry the bastard on a Rick Sanchez show which is on Channel 6. Because he desperately needs help to stay on here. That could do stuff as raining's a little bit don't you think? Yeah, we're going to fry Saddam right on the air. On a Rick Sanchez show on Channel 6. Speaking of Channel 6, Evan out here to rumor mail has it. Am I not supposed to say this on the air or what? Say what? Oh. The rumor mail has it that the Channel 6 isn't real happy with Joe Rose doing 8 to 10 on QAmen tomorrow. See, it's still out of Dun Deal. I know that must come as a shock to everybody in the audience who wonders how long we can keep floundering and floundering and paying for grigs on the leave of mistakes that he just keeps making over and over and over again. Man, but I think you can go on forever to be honest with me. I think it's like an endless cycle. We did have that big memo the other day. Well, that said one. The whole morning show, uh, position available. Oh, yeah, that was a, uh, morning show opening and of course parents said, Oh, no, we have to losses anytime we have an opening. We have to post that. Of course, that's for eight to ten because Joe came in asking for too much money, which basically they should give him a blank check and said, okay, just sign here. Fill the knee mountain sign here and we'll sign it too. But no, not us. So, but, um, he's looking, he highballed him with a really wild, uh, uh, request and they said, Oh, wait, that's way too much, Joe. For a puts like you. And on top of that, Channel 6 is real unhappy with him being on their 11 o'clock at night doing the sports and having to get up in a wee hours of the morning doing the show. As opposed to being real happy, which they should be because of the extra exposure to getting from a guy that's on five days a week on a major market radio station. They should be ecstatic with that. But they're not because they're a bunch of hard asses over there. And what do you expect from a bunch of people who would put Tony cigarette on to do the news? On side, Beast Effort got his one of your people. He's a U.M. person. A silly person. Fulvin' it's half to ten, but you vote, okay. I like, how do you like my first choice there? Once that's one small step for humanity. And one giant political gain for George W. Bush. Don't you think it was fairly creative? That was very nice. I voted. Is that what you voted? No. Oh, what did you vote for? It's fine, but where's Osama? Where's Osama? And where's Moila Bolo Omar? Where are the real terrorists? That's the question. This has nothing to do with terrorism. And now the American people is confused. They were a few months ago. And now they're going to say, ah, ha. We got the guy behind all those terrorists behind 9-11. The 33 votes on air already. What's your take on a capture Saddam Hussein? It's fine, but where's Osama? The whole invasion was bogus based on lies, ten. That's one small step for humanity. One giant political leader for George W. Bush. No matter what the cost it was well worth it. One and fry the bastard on channel 7. One, which still he's narrate. I think that would be the ultimate punishment for Saddam Hussein. It's that he's narrate. He's like, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah , ah . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ? . If we're the five who sits back and watch his head and his clothes Like a male I'm way too wide He tried to steal away away And being the oil sheeping on the sky Up to his head and go away this evening I like to bite me I'm way too wide I'm way too wide I'm way too wide I'm way too wide I'm way too wide I'm way too far You pay Sala Musai Sala Musai Sala Musai Can you see that five six You're way too wide Eric if you're listening Maybe you can get that link off of Lent Samils website Donald Rum spell shakes 19e3 shakes who's saying saying I mean put that on our website Not that we don't want to get lint a lot of hits But nevertheless I think it needs to be on there because there's the picture U.S. documentary on Brace of Sala Musai In early 1980s despite chemical weapons External aggression and human rights abuses Fear of Iraq collapse in Iran, Iraq war Motivated Reagan administration support U.S. goals were to access to oil What a concept That's not unusual to you U.S. goals were access to oil Projection of power and protection of allies Rum spell failed to raise chemical weapons Issue and personal meeting with Sala Musai It sounds like the town of Ben all over again Our good friends that we gave 43 million dollars to May of 2001 because they have stopped growing a stop But all at poppy production This anti-dragon administration Nice going Taliban here's 43 million Spend it wisely Spend it in good health Psychozone And they hit us and told a world that they were really bad people And the same here, you know This is what's wrong with a world as there are too many ignorant people out there The masses are asses Make no mistake about it And this administration man plays him like a fiddle They know exactly how to do it Anyway, there's the picture The National Security Archive at George Washington University on February 25th of this year Published on the web a series of declassified U.S. documents detailing the U.S. embrace of Sala Musai in the early 1980s Including the renewal of diplomatic relations that have been suspended since 1967 The document showed that during this period of renewed U.S. Support for Sala Musai had invaded his neighbor Iran Have long-wage nuclear aspirations that would probably include an eventual nuclear weapon capability Harburg known terrorist in Baghdad abused the human rights of his citizens And possessed and used chemical weapons on Iranians and his own people The U.S. response was to renew ties to provide intelligence and aid to ensure a wreck would not be defeated by Iran And to send a high-level presidential envoy named Donald Rumsfeld to shake hands with Sala December 20th, 1983 and the picture The declassified documents posted today meaning February 25th include the briefing materials And diplomatic reporting on two Rumsfeld trips to Baghdad Reports on Iraqi chemical weapons used concurrent with the Reagan administration decision to support Iraq And decision to rectify by President Reagan that revealing specific U.S. priorities for the region Preserving access to oil Expanding U.S. Ability to project military power in the region and protecting local allies from internal and external threats The documents include a U.S. cable recording the December 20th, 1983 Conversation between Rumsfeld and Sala Musai Although Rumsfeld said during a September 21st, 2002 CNN interview In that visit, I caution him about the use of chemical weapons as a matter of fact And discussed a host of other things The document indicates there was no mention of chemical weapons Rumsfeld did raise the issue in the subsequent meeting with Iraqi official terror Gazese National Security decision directive 114 of November 26, 1983 that said U.S. policy toward the Iran-erac war, delineated delineating U.S. priorities The ability to project military force in the Persian Gulf and protect oil supplies Without reference to chemical weapons or human rights concerns Just like the Taliban, we didn't give a crap that there were like Treating the women like garbage, like tenth class citizen Or that the men had to wear their bids, birds a certain like to rock what their head Or that they couldn't listen to the rolling stones We didn't give a flat crap about that until after 9-11 Then all of a sudden, guess what they're bad guys They're far brist in a goiim No And it goes on here about the other things U.S. and Iraqi consultations about Iran's 1984 draft resolution seeking U.S. security council condemnation of Iraq's chemical weapons use Iraq conveyed several requests to the U.S. about the resolution Including its preference for a lower level response And one that did not name any country in connection with chemical weapons The final result can apply to the rights request It's just a beautiful thing I will give it to our website, everybody's got to read it Not that anybody cares because this is such an emotional thing How many thousand times did we see? Not third man! Yesterday that picture, the unshaven, the checking for the lights and the other That's in the hair Opening up a stick and a tongue to press a weapon Zackoam and down his throat That's what they should have done Stuck it up his hands first and then stuck it down his throat That's what they should have done Stuck it up his hands first and then stuck it down his throat It's our butcher baby Our guy And now we decide to well wasn't he was useful for something And that was for a cosmetic let's all forget about all this other stuff And about the ties to Saudi Arabia It's just amazing If you live in the middle of two houses And your neighbor on one side comes in And just the Spaces your house to smithereens And so what you do is you go to the other neighbor on the other side And you like attack him and you start like throwing eggs in his pussy You see what I'm saying? Then they can he sense? But don't confuse the public with that Because the media and the public man They're like it's like a match made in purgatory What a wedding And we ought to begin 80 million calls We're going to do squeamless again through the end of the year So Josh doesn't have to be overworked in there He's under a lot of stress He's really sick today too Are you really? He's coughing up a stormy sneezing It's a SARS I am in fact when I come down there in January Everybody's going to have to go and quarantine for 10 days before I come in I don't want to catch whatever you got Can you believe that they actually had a meeting Now you're the anti-indivilleding Who else was in that meeting? Miguel was one of them George Corso When the SARS thing was going on here in Toronto And I came back the first time in the summer I was June I guess And they actually had a meeting To the side of whether they should be quietly to go into quarantine for 10 days before I came back To go into quarantine for 10 days before I came into the building For fear that I would infect them all with SARS Or you're not going to say, are you going on it? No, I wasn't on it 128 votes In just a matter of moments here I know we can get a lot of response on this because let's face it Only silly people are talking about ball games silly people are talking about Kakarai like that We got to talk about Saddam man Saddamie So I hear you're getting laid on Thursdays that true I have a date later in the week O'Clarence is away 133 votes What's your take on a capture of a sight I wish the audience could have heard you be giggling like a little girl When you were in a recurrence this morning man That was he must have been tickling your fancy What's your take on a capture of Saddam Hussein? It's fine, but where's Osama? 49 The whole invasion was bogus based on lies 48 That's one small step for humanity And one giant politically per George W. Moist 16 Fry the master on channel 7 13 And no matter the cost it was well worth it 7 5 Only 5% so no matter what the cost all of these lives Not just Americans but everybody else including the innocent people that we were supposedly saving What you know the price of liberty is very high Like death Give me liberty or give me debts We gave them both we give them a little bit of a little taste of each 560 The good news is Saddam is giving up comrades say the US It's amazing in the beginning they said he was cooperating Was talking up a storm he was singing like a bird he was singing pretty good like the emperor always says he was singing good But then they said he's not saying a damn thing But supposedly he gave up some of his buddies several top-reaching figures And rebel cells and they were they are locations etc And so on then he decided maybe time to shut up until he gets a good meal Hot dogs he had 750 grand in cash Or the beast must have been Can you imagine How would you like to be locked in a broom closet With a suitcase with 750 thousand dollars in cash and hundred dollars US bill Not even get our candy bar I was going to say candy bars and hot dogs But in your case you might not mind That's all he was eating they had found all these candy bar rappers and some hot dogs and steal rice And I was in Yummy 700 one thing I got to say for all the talk about what a genius he was he wasn't too smart I mean he wasn't really having a disguise he had the long beard in it And it was all frizzled up because he was running a hiding like every every couple of days He had threw how many of these places About 30 minutes it hit about 30 of these holes around a country Beast hit heat settle for one Just cautious But in any rate No, seriously, you wouldn't think he would have had like immediate plastic surgery or some kind of a disguise something A baseball cap Salaces Maybe one of those groucho glasses with a big nose, you know anything give it a shot A wig Nice wig would have been good. I know who you could have bought one or two from Absolutely 1027 at five 60 maybe a musk rat Oh, and rats and and mice in a hole with him and all kinds of vermin 1027 at five 60 WQM a it's that time of the year There are a lot of people love but some people are a little bit nervous about it because they hate the traffic And a crowded malls with long register lines the parking hassles all the crazy shoppers So make your gift giving a lot easier this year for you and the ones you love are gifts certificate from Dala mattress call them now tool free one 800 mattress and give a gift they'll be thanking you for in night in and night out Dala mattress is got gifts certificates in any denomination Lutheran Protestant Orthodox and a new bed for the master bedroom Mixed a perfect gift you'll both enjoy for years at Dala mattress no phony promises no bait and switch just discount prices every day on a brand Name's you know trust and love now including stirrens and bananas foster Dala mattress got the guaranteed lowest prices on stirrens and foster anywhere When you call Dala mattress at one 800 mattress is still picked the name time for delivery Any to our window seven days a week from eight and a 10 pm when you're gonna be home when it's convenient for you and guess what they really show up On a sales practice is fantastic service every day low prices same day delivery pre set up a removal easy to see While Dala mattress is ranked the best in the world of customer satisfaction even the beast is laying his fat ass on a telematrist right now King coil I think in that it it's coming today actually. Oh, it's coming today. He isn't but it is column toll free at 1 800 mattress 1 800 ma ttr ES or online. It's mattress dot com happy holidays from all your good close personal piezons at Dala mattress I T like Why Come on, come on, come on, who's saying? Come on, come on, come on, who's saying? Come on, who's saying? Come on, who's saying? There ain't no freaking name is but in the fridge The haters fucked the door Come on, come on, come on, come on, you It's getting harder you It's badly didn't do it so it's way over Shoot, come on, come on, come on, come on Tom is an evil. Let's turn him into charcoal. Comfort Tom on the party tonight! Comfort 33 of 560 WQAM happy Monday too. I was going to say but an eric sure I was that a time he's a genius. And he does have the picture on there on our website. It's the lead thing, he's got that big picture of Rumsfeld, firmly grasping Saddam's hand. And it's got the Tatsune underneath it you guys document you embrace us that I'm with Sanjada yada and then I clicked on a lady doesn't go anywhere yet But I'm sure he's working feverishly on an aren't you Eric? Because it doesn't really go to the rest. It doesn't go to the rest of the story. It just goes back where you were before But I'm sure he's working on it right now And it should which probably fear for below any sandwiches You want to get together with Eric and have like an eating session beast you'd probably get along really well with him We could bond That's why I'm surprised that you got so tight with somebody as skinny as clearance You know, they say opposite to track is that what it is because generally speaking on that that's only for sexual purposes So I guess is for eating you probably would rather hang out with the Eric fat rich Josh Friedman No people like that No, okay, let's get some boy I've had your one thing about their Lauren Hill. I always said about Lauren Hill She can't sing for a crap, but Lauren Hill is now my favorite recording artist. Do you see what she did? No, what happened? US hip hop singer Lauren Hill's stun leading members of the Roman Catholic Church when she accused them of moral corruption Exploitation and abuse from the stage during a Christmas concert at the Vatican You're going girl. This is the best He'll 28 launch to die a tribe in front of an audience of 7500 guests that a pack Pope A pack Paul to six tall Paul six hall used by Pope John Paul the two-friender public audiences I'm not here to celebrate like you the birth of Christ But I'm here to ask you why you're not in mourning for his death in this place. He'll said Reading from a prepared statement as she came on stage for a performances part of an all-star gala concert Holy God is witnessed the corruption of your leadership of the exploitation of uses which are a minimum That can be said for the clergy she added calling on the hierarchy to repent stun hierarchy in the front row of Saturday nights concert include one of the most senior figures in the church Cardinal Pamela Ruehny who said of the Italian bishops conference Cardinal Ruehny And aide to Ruehny Bishop Rino fished What is it? Pistachella described the singer speeches a rash outburst and Uneducated act showing lack of respect for the place she was against and for those who invited her The Holy C has been widely accused and threatened to respond adequately to a pedophile scandal involving priest especially in the US Which will get to that 90's during a bit The US churches been under intense fire over the policy of some arts die seizes of moving known child abusing priests from Paris to Paris over decades Hill when or five Grammy awards that she was not speaking as representative of any religious organization Attitude press reports yesterday said a word tack was unlikely to be included when a when the cousin is broadcast on a Italian television December 24th Christmas Eve I can't imagine why Other artists performing at the event now in the 11th year included Ronan Keating Khaled Randy Crawford Solomon Burke Kelly Joyce polistinger Natalia Kalkulska and American gospel and tag in choirs Lauren Hill told him where to stick a nice long girl you go Let me just click this thing one more time and see if it goes anywhere for just goes right back to Now just goes right back to where was but I'm sure that Eric is working on that feverishly as we speak don't you think in between featings? Oh yeah, okay, here's our first response to the capture of Sodom Hussein, okay? You ready for this? This is a this is a Monumental moment in history of WQAM QAM hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir Can I think back just a couple of days? I like to have your input on this what I'm thinking my take oh you're exactly Hey when this stuff went down with Gore endorsing Dean and he went up there and his little His little hair was sticking down and Gore was shouting at everybody how the war was saying just I There's a bunch of a coincidence that a day and a half later we got the guy after the Republican Party said we now know who our Enemy is who will be going against in the election. I mean just too creepy Yeah I You're saying there are no coincidences what you're saying It just seems that they might maybe they just knew for a while where this what hole is guy was hiding And like and like maybe just just to be on the same side Next June when we start to bring in all of our troops back home and we really put the Iraqis and charge and have all these bogus elections and And then like maybe in October when we capture Osama bin Laden it'll just be a coincidence Just a quinky think that we can hammer the Democrats and just put it to bed for good right Just a coincidence maybe I'm just thinking this just imagine all the money we can save now without having any more elections in US Later today pal. I'll see you to border. I'll send a bus for us in a limo Pick your ass up into border Oh look at that an Avalon CNN Osama bin Laden next question mark it say Uh Well votes are just pouring in on this 210 and a half an hour that is shocking could be record breaking They maybe that's because the beast is with us do you think no? What's your take on a cap? No, capture of Sodom No who's saying The hole in V Oh man the whole invasion was bogus based on lies 75 It's fine, but where's Osama? 70 That's one small step for mankind and one big pull the giant politically per George W. Bush 36 Fry the bastard on channel 719 and no matter the cost it was well worth it 16 which I'm sure that those 16 are related any of the service men and women who died No matter the cost in other words as long as some of the people died for it or certainly not related any of the Recky civilians who died or were like mutilated and amputated in all of these things 16 people said that on 224 567056 is line one working or not just want to check Yeah, it's working double second WQA and hello Speaking hey Neil yes sir Isn't it a coincidence I think with this capture of Osama wasn't a 30 a last week that's all how Burton Controversy and all the The shenanigans and now all of a sudden Osops and caught you know that did come to my mind when I saw this two I thought boy Just one things were starting to go really really bad again and they had all this bad news about how Burton gouging the Public and gouging everybody that they could and all this warpropaturing that was going on and now all of a sudden just by coincidence So we got this hot tip and there he was right now the headline is to Saddam has been caught oh Thanks, the our Lord our commander and see for commander and chimps Great, I think it's a little coincidental. I just think it's slightly coincidental and the same day that this was being announced that he was Captured what's it there another explosion and 17 people died right? So I mean Yeah, you're you're not you're noticed by the way how little we saw about that we saw the smoke in the fields going into the air But as far as anything else about it the rest of the day, there were two busy showing us the picture again over and over again to be for any after the shave picture right and I think I saw CNN and Which I Very surprised at the US government allowed to they actually Interviewed some of the doctors that have been treating all these service men and women and The horror stories I mean they didn't get into too much detail But you could just tell that they were biting or tongue that they wanted to say what they really thought but they didn't You know because everyone is you know we're living under is not the regime here and you can't speak because you know you might Might be you might just hear and nobody might see again maybe time soon Exactly, but anyways, I like to put my two two cents worth and a Democrats please vote and anybody it's on defense Do not go with the Republicans they do not care about you and especially my friends down the little Havana They don't get they don't care about you my friend Incrable Yeah, how come now and we got that we got saw them how come we don't have to delve Something to think about maybe that'll be next he's too close Not only that he doesn't need to do that to get their voices already got him locked up anyway that why don't I tell you about the good people are the fat people And the fat people are good people but anyway the good people are the fat people because Eric man he got he hot right on it Do you see that There is the picture there's the link there's the story I think I'm gagging I think the beast is gonna have to do the rest of the show 56 you Oh here's come a call Ali the former I vacuum minister of information with today's health update Good news There is no such thing as You're cowardly American infidels has nothing to fear That's why leading health experts encourage all Americans to fly to Beijing China and Literally torn-ups of the restrooms at the local walking clinics Also a new study show that smoking cigarettes is good for you So smoke a few garden America with today's health update I'm more hungry size also half the guard roast your stomachs in hell To this station for more updates from our next minister of information 47 at 560 WQM happy Monday to demand dog at 2 then we got to hover it for from PPP park in ready for that big loss I mean a big game tonight Herk what is that dolphins countdown to kick off at five is we begin four hours of nonstop commercials Got a jammen there and then the Panther game to show you how important the hockey is on this radio station Panther game has been a farm dog because they're certainly not gonna print the dolphins You can bet your life on that farm dog to 1580 is that surf? Sure I Think I think it is a surf you're right. It's surf WSRF 1580 on the down even though the calligraphers are the same no more And of course it's a station that nobody listens to the Panthers and the red wings at Detroit tonight at Whatever the whole time it's on panther preview and all that stuff will be on 1580 on your AM dial Of course if you're dial in like it about 1540 something like that. Oh, you won't be able to hear it by the way a bit of a schedule change. Oh, no Kim bow camper will be out at gate g for Hank from four to five where's the hopper? I Don't know I was just told by my boyfriend Clarence that that would be the schedule Did he give you a little peck on the cheek wound his way out we cut a little peck on the cheek? Kim bow campers so we have a little Slate scratch here in the fourth race Kim bow camper at four o'clock fortible. So me and I already with the hopper that I could have been kind of Big paid guy like a hopper for one hour Yeah, I've got a waste of time, but I even the gas was not worth wasting So Kimba who'll go on at any time because less faceties is a pretty marginal good guy though four to five Kimbo camper from the stadium at gate g as in good luck. You'll need it tonight And then let off in all out of this stuff Let me say it again. You got the red wings and Panthers on 1580 the pre game at seven again time at 730 and then we got hours and hours and hours of oh Gonna be really ugly stuff. Can you even begin to imagine? No, it's gonna be really grotesque. I don't want to pick a score Because you never know you never know which team is gonna show up see the thing with the dolphins the last seven years I don't want to start talking sports on his day, but I will anyway The thing that I keep thinking about is very often you know all of those great starts 3-0 and 4-0 They catch a lot of teams early in the season what other teams are off their game like that I picked it opening game it was against buffalo not Miami this year But when I got while I'm 31 nothing buy the bills and a lot of us were thinking oh my god What the hell happened this this is gonna be a brutal season for New England and come to find out there a far and way to best They're just lucky. They're just lucky No, but they they wind up with a schedule situation where they catch teams when they're not when they're way off their game When they're playing like crap or they're playing against little girls teams or they catch teams that just forgot to show up that they like Dallas Something's giving they didn't show up at all and that's when they they've oh and they give you that false sense of security like man They're really great But Jfeela is what he is you know he's a raw raw cis boom-ba kind of guy who tries very hard He never stole a freight train. He doesn't eat trash through often on the high holidays and that's it In fact, I think that the thing between Mo and Jfeela is a Jew thing I'm saying no question about that if Brian greasy came out tomorrow Said that he just converted he was Jewish all of a sudden he'd be the new hero am I right? Absolutely make no mistake about it And by the way Mo will not be on him or the coast is clear for those who hate him like poison like we all do because he can He sure is how can't be broadcast them Monday night football game and beyond so there's another schedule change for you Cross it out in all the crap you could unwrap in Braille no mode tomorrow So we'll be guilty solo just the way guilty lights it WQAM Yeah, like to talk to Neil speaking Well, hey, how you doing today pretty good? Hey, I just want to make a quick comment on the on the capture of the same Go on amazing to hear the the Democrats and the liberals who hate this country so much Yeah, they hate this country because they don't agree with you they hate this country Oh But what wait a minute wait a minute anybody say we hate that he was captured who said that if you heard anybody say that Did he but did he say that he hated the fact that they captured Saddam Hussein What what he just sir I'm not gonna talk to you and asshole just screaming and screeching Yeah, a lot of us get the wrap of somebody disagrees with you. I'm prepared to give him like five minutes But I'm not gonna listen to somebody screaming and getting a heaven of nervous breakdown pop on a zip right on a goddamn radio Nobody said that The guys are miserable murdering son of a bitch he killed hundreds of thousands maybe a million people But the fact that the matter is what you would never address is he was our butcher Even Jeff Greenfield who's a mealy mob nothing on certainly not news network just got through with a piece during our commercial break And he kind of glossed over to part about the chemical see the the reason that the chemical weapons thing is something they glossed over Is because where do you think he got them from oh? Not from the good old USA. Oh sure And it was okay as long as he was gasing the Iranians because we hated the eye tolla We were really pissed off and fired up after he took the hostage just and so we hated Iran there a bunch of fundamental slunetics So Saddam is the more moderate of the evils. He was a good guy. He was our butcher But you don't want deal with that an addition to which he's got nothing to do with 9.11 He the US isn't one I owe to safer today than it was yesterday or our Friday or we could go suck us But don't confuse people like this last screaming hysterical lunatic with a fact because he just makes it up as he goes along putting words in people's mouths What's your take on the captors Saddam who same 103 say the whole invasion was bogus based on lies a hundred say it's fine, but where's Osama see what I said is anything wrong with it I said out of like talk out his eyebrows out of pay a pluccum apart piece by piece Just pluccum It's fine, but where's Osama 100 that's one small step of humanity one giant politically for George W. Bush 50 Friday, the bastard on channel 730 and no matter the cost it was well worth at 19 out of 302 votes in much less than an hour It is shocking by the way Tom jick actually I mentioned my name in an article. Can you believe that? Almost is shocking is the capture of Saddam left wing ready to take flight with talk radio look at to it But we want to get thousands and thousands of your calls of your persprications comment and you can be one of them bush Lookers, but if you're gonna be like the last guy and you want to try to outchow me especially when I got like a little scratch Don't have the flu don't have a full-flat's cold. I got a little scratch a little horse Like that like cream fresh a little horse 567.0 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Reles line By the way, Keseed in here it we got him WQAM Hey Neah how are you? I'm doing good great. I think that last guy was there are no fags in the church guy Kind of just like him over the radio anyway. I wanted to tell you You know we go into I rack based on the premise of the weapons of mass destruction I don't think we can police the world of murder state taters. I mean it's good that they caught him But He still says they didn't have any weapons of mass destruction just yeah, I know else they said of course, but the thing is the cost of the American soldiers I think this one death is too much Hmm, so I'm pretty much a group of you Okay, okay, and I was George that missing George's on vacation. Oh, this must be Teddy and Kendall Now this is in Teddy and Kendall. This is Mike and South Miami dish. Okay George's on vacation. He's okay. He'll he'll be back. Oh, no George is great Just sometimes it does it just too much of George but George is perfect with you. Okay. Have a great day You too Well, George will be on all week next week. I'll buy himself because I'll be on vacation I'm no full of man. I know how to play that vacation game See if you play you can take one week and you got Christmas Eve and Christmas Day and New Year's Eve and Two weekends and all of a sudden you got 11 day vacation. Yeah. I know how to do it And I talked to Humper. I talked to Mad Dog and of course I was gonna teach Joe that Joe Rose may So is that like is that written in stone hours that like still being negotiated? Huh? Come on you're on the inside of it. You work with a guy. You don't don't pretend. Don't play stupid Let's let's hear the real I'm assuming let's at least Capitalize an effect we're stuck with you. I mean got you always a week. Let's uh Let's find out what the deal is. Hey. I heard your your I was your first choice You were my first choice. Of course the other choices were B-new boy and Yeah, you were the first choice. I said bring that little fat bastard in there He's a plus your a paid-pid fan to camp you all bad Oh, but seriously what those you don't try to change is subject the audience wants to know are we still floundering in other words Is it still an open dealers it like I think the still working on it there's still hammering up Is they say Hammer still pounded out 1056 at five 60 qa. We got a bunch of dolphin stuff man hours and hours of it. It's gonna be ugly We did Saturday morning join poor winkle jamo send his bully body so I'm saying oh Back up this adventures of a rocky and go wake up You died in this engine about two feet. Okay, give me that crystal ball Breaking he got open the world died in the bunker. We'll have a poem will help Damn the damn your one rack doubt dude and just like your oil your its melee and groom And most did you see our square of friend oh you mean rocky sure he go for there It'll be there oh my Okay, what do you know about this to them? That's me ask my anti The aircraft Join us next time for oils well that end as well or kiss your cast good boy Hey both what weather for the cast for today bull me Here racking in bull winkle Saturday morning on new collodia low to a 560 WQAM can all kinds of facts is basically all saying the same thing Haven't fooled our crowd not too many of him, but it isn't gonna make too much difference unless some miraculous thing happens in the next year Howard Dean oh yes today really just bitterly disappointed me Week very lame and those people will say you know he might just be Michael Ducaca all over again They might be right. I know that's not what there's audience wants to hear it's not even what I want to hear myself saying But I'm just a little bit nervous about him to fact after this weekend I'm real nervous about him You have to be consistent you have to have to have to hone you have to step by your principles as opposed to like doing what they do on the American TV And we're saying I was sick and you're finger off the window to see which way to win is blowing and then like you know Pandering to that that's not that that's not the way to win a hearts and minds of people with a brain Of course there aren't too many of them so I guess maybe he just played with the masses now Pretty weak Howard as a poet. I know it's a sad day when I got to say that Al Sharpton was the best of all of them just like in most of the base We've been watching He talks circles about most of those guys and he's got the balls to say the right things even. Of course We know he's an asshole 560 560 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Don't want to get too politically or do we because you know who we're gonna start starting like that No, I don't want to start doing like that WQA blind one is working hello Yeah, sir. Hey, how are you? I'm doing great. Hey, listen I'm in my car ride around so I haven't gotten the chance to check out the TV or anything but has the stock market Market is up man down was up 63 that adds decks up about 10 the world markets have had a pretty good spike overnight So if you think that it's gonna go through the roof not they caught this son of a you know what no I think it's gonna go through the roof. I don't think so there's always an initial you know When there's good news like this there's always an initial spike and it's only 11 o'clock at a morning anyway So we'll see what happens all right. Well, I just wanted to let you know I've been listening to you since Back in the days of a stand major what do a couple hot games with the years ago I still listen to you. I love you Talk you later. Thanks a lot, pal. He put your money out of the mattress don't get sucked into this market business Oh, I will give you the name of a really great broker who's not matures five six seven 560 pound five 60 on a 18 and since it is the holidays I want to try to be in a more benevolent mood to an holidays have a message for matures What are you talking to before and after they shaved them up and he's still looks like crap Seriously, don't you think that a guy did they they said that he took a billion dollars Out of the banks when it was just before the fall of Baghdad a billion dollars and he had 750 1000 on him a lot of candy bars to buy a lot of candy bars couldn't even get Chinese take out that was the said part I thought they were delivering you think probably not But how can you be that stupid Wouldn't you think that he would have been able to get out of there we give like like one of the faxes I just had it said we give them like notice over and over again like we're coming we're gonna get you You better high-tale it we're gonna come and get you one of these days So we had months and months of advanced notice but being a hard-ass that he was because in addition Which wouldn't you think that maybe they would have hidden one of his doubles down in there? That's the last first thought when I first saw the headline See and they did they have this real quick DNA test that they do it takes about 10 hours Because they the thing happened. I guess like Three o'clock Saturday afternoon and then about five o'clock in the morning They had the first result on the initial DNA test and they said at that time Pussy at the tattoo and they brought in a bunch of people they sent him around in front of terracazes and they stripped them And terracazes he said oh yeah, that looks like it. It's like if they brought Clarence in you know with the disguise You'd recognize him just by that tiny penis 560 560 pound 560 on a AT&T In Verizon wireless line. Yeah, I just what the thought that somebody who supposedly is brilliant of a tactician is he is in brilliant Of course, of course tactics. I mean look at the word that he fought They just kind of like you know rolled over and died Here's line nine which has always got perspicacious comments about the most important issues in the world QA and hello Speaking I'm gonna yell yes, got a great idea for a Sam's punishment put him on that game hunting preserve Where a channy hunted have bush channy rum spelled as cough and to make it more poignant and patriotic private Jessica Lynch Yeah, I mean bush can say we'll give you a 10 minute head start They could hunt him uh and then they could clean him and will and skin him skin him and well, you know Just a Lynch like so dick okay But what he say five six he said he said he likes dick tany five six seven oh five 60 Five and he'll literally What is it anyone seen him lately by the way? Taney yeah, oh he's the I guess you didn't hear that surca because you're not listening to the show We had the story last week that last Monday He end about a dozen of his buddies. They went to this preserve somewhere Pennsylvania. I think it was and they they Close it's like a pen and they had all these peasants and it's like shooting fish in a barrel And they had a little hunting thing and they shot up a whole bunch of birds and some spectators were shooting him back to bird and and that was his pastime that was his hobby Take it out his frustration You're a bunch of little defenseless animals Nice going dick Probably good for his heart five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQA and home Well, yes, sir. All right pretty good They're good Speaking Is it the yelp sounds like me Hey, you mean all right I'm just going to call him You know for my two cents my cake go around what you'd take and my take is a weekly we got them You know, let's try it. Let's have the Iraqis fry them and move on That little summer baby we gotta get old summer baby Okay Goodbye David Samson's gonna been there. What have been great? Do we need about the thing about Dan rather doing a report he he hates CBS sports He hates all of that crap because they keep interrupting every time something cataclysmic happens in a world he keeps getting cut off And so they did it to him again yesterday and while the bush was making his speech On CBS they accidentally somebody hit the wrong button and they showed an empty football field the Um, Ramsword Ramspland of Vikings Some horseball game whatever it was no that CBS wasn't even supposed to be showing because it was an in a it was a fox game And they showed the empty stadium for six seconds and Rather came back on all flustered and just all fallen apart of the seams that it was a kind of an embarrassing thing Hey, it's gone Dan calm down. They did it to him again 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line Tom jica writes Left wing ready to take flight with talk radio The left might finally get it right with a long proposed liberal talk radio network Many of those who've been pushing this concept since Rush Limbaubi came a daily irritant to Democrats Have no understanding of radio right Cadillac you Tom Politics is generally deadly on radio TV 2 for that matter Ted couple says of all the substance he treats on nightline Politics is the undisputed audience turn off champion He kids that he can feel the mego factor my eyes glaze overs one mego mego my eyes glaze over kicking in through the tube Around the clock radio network whose soul goal is to pursue a partisan agenda Wood left as long as the vibran presidential campaign Oh by the way Bob Graham said all the right things to yesterday, but he ain't run a nice gone Bob you go boy Rush is the sensation because he's a conservative anymore than he arrangers is the king of south Florida radio because he's a liberal Rush rules because he's a conservative who keeps his listeners amused did all Rogers on the left amused Most of the other Broadway town that I am used use Most of the others in their line who don't have their flair scrap for ratings crumbs There are hardcore choirs on the right and left that that crave a daily homily However, it's the vast middle that swings elections and radio ratings Indeed pulls on Rogers program have indicated there's a substantial crossover between his show and limb laws Clearly the appeal for those listeners is not partisanship Liberals who dream of new neutralizing limb over the line of of like-minded politics Politico's have been kidding themselves Loads a schedule with earnest but pedantic people like Al Gore or Mario Cuomo and you get an audience decides of national public radios Which the left already has you get an audience decides of the beast penis Lure talent like Al Franken and Michael Mordaho shows and the Republicans then whatever reason for concern It appears behind the people behind the proposed liberal radio never understand this Progress media which hopes to launch the tentatively title central air network this coming spring As put forth Franken's name is a potential host Franken could guarantee a huge sampling merely by chanting the title of one of his books Rush limba is a big fat idiot God, Jeanine Graffalo another irrelevant for our Reverend free spirit is also supposedly on central air's roster prospect Liz Winstet of John Stuart's Daily Show is reportedly helping to develop program concepts Another difference between central air and previous efforts is that this one looks like it will come to fruition According to a leading broadcast newsletter, there's a lot of money and a lot of peda frustration behind this said Tom Taylor of M3 Daily The money's already shown itself progress media close to finalizing the ill-to-perchistations in New York Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Boston and San Francisco These stations with service network flagships guarantee national advertisers that their messages would be available to tens of millions of listeners Progress has said these five are just a starting point and tends to continue acquiring stations to increase nationwide penetration This might be the only way the network would get clearance in a Miami for Lauderdale market. There's only one general tox station WIOD And it's owned by the Amtious T-Tanel which airs almost exclusively programs provide about one of its syndication subsidiaries Buying stations is the expensive way to do a Taylor said leasing stations are syndicating the network would be far less costly The fact that they're going about if this was an indication they see this is a long-term project Patience is crucial according to Taylor. Some of what they'll do will work some of it will flop its like network TV and I way just have to keep at it Have to keep banging at it beast Have to keep pounding at it Ironically the enemy is serving as an ally by providing priceless publicity rush can't stop talking about it He isn't the only one. It's a hot topic all over the country really Taylor says he has no idea how the network will be received But he's certain of one thing the audience might be small but it'll include a lot of toxia hosts What what what kind of a punchline is that Tom the audience might be small but it will include a lot of talk hosts Do you understand there? No, I don't even know what that means Tom But thanks for mentioning my name is Sponoredarite Tom said the queen 1113 at 560 WQAM welcome me F-tarot of repair to the new Rogers show EF tarot of repairs located at at 53 North federal highway just the mile and a half north of Sample Road in prestigious Pompano Beach At EF tarot of repair experience the difference that experience makes all EF mechanics are certified technicians Current with all latest technology and most of it with the EF team for nearly 20 years The EF team has got over 200 combined years of experience if you need an oil change This is the smart time to do it stop by EF and ask them about their Neil Rogers Problem 95 oil change special you heard me right just 1295 for an oil change The EF team uses only the best parts top of line cash draw GTX motorora You couldn't even buy the parts for this incredibly low price EF tarot repair there is 53 North federal highway Pompano Beach call 954 4269926 that's 954 4269926 be sure to ask about their 90 day same as cash to interest credit card too EF tarot out of repair nationally recognizes one of the most successful automotive repair facilities in the entire USA Please don't forget ask them about the 1295 Neil Rogers oil change special 954 4269926 Showed up all my poison and my war None of them Never look under my bed I got the factory making and trash nook's in kitties back patch There's no way or make me dead Hey Shut all up People sing along with me because this is unbelievable I've got the United States going crazy trying to convince me what you're not me Except for some kind of course who's on my side He loves me like crazy Funny you don't Get used to a life a hard knocks when I give you the smallpox It should a lot a little harder silly push The This murderer Thank you very much Chip your way to her way to her way to her sister You're done 1118 at 560 WCMKM in the audience factions says my skepticism and cynicism is more than doubled with a Halibutan scandal and Then the fact that the winces it might have to abandon its two-year effort to stabilize Afghanistan because of rising violence claimed on the Taliban So how did the bushy's clean up their image? They catch the bad guy quick. Let's check those popularity polls. Oh right good point mister Bolden Now this thing that you just facts me from Miguel I'm so I guess actually he came in here in fact. Oh, I'm so depressed. I want to like Do something but a stop by in those sports? See one thing you're gonna have to learn on this show, okay? Yeah just Calm it down a little bit put a little tiny bit of a little on it you know I mean because I want to kill some people right Sorry, why is it that no it's not your fault? It why is Miguel like I realize he's had a lot of direct especially Somebody is suspended Who can't say oh I can say the trussesman because we didn't get any memo about that trussed rat fruits is spended But we like Troy that's a difference the other one is suspended. We can't stand that bitch, but anyway Why do you do this other thing? I'm an over desperate to raise money. We got 47,000 five at our bucks for banda per rescue. It's only the December of 15 We got half the month ago by the end of the year. We'll have our 50 grand right no sweat Sure we got another fan hit tomorrow someplace from 11 to two which Hopefully at the beginning of the show will know where it is so we can tell you Also tomorrow Joe Costello raises just tons of money for Banda per rescue Joel 73930 glory grill. I'm assuming that's in the morning They have glory holes there. Yes, they do as a matter of fact. He's gonna be drilling one Joe Costello 730 north tonight 30 tomorrow morning at the glory grill 4746 north Congress Avenue and oh and boit and beat and you could win some Panthers to get stow Wow, it's 730 and 930 at night. Yeah, it's got to be at night because I'm gonna be there with them Well actually does say PM on here, but I'm a little out of the weather okay. I'm a little confused Especially after reading that first part that you started to read on here. I don't I can't make any comment on that You know I'm talking about your flabbergoccas. We've always had a very specific policy that McGill is very very very well aware But he just can't stop hoaring for he can't stop allowing himself to be manipulated by the salespeople out there and It just ain't gonna fly just to want to be in but so he can talk about on his show McGill What shows that? I don't know 8 to 10 am Could be let's see here's uh, it says first I got easy money the Trump have candy at no multi-tolerals They would have smelled them out and that's a good point If he if he would have been eaten knows see that would again a lot sooner We could have sent him some of those doctor-actains bars, you know Second it says I got a scoop he was getting pizza delivered from pizza-loft and plantation because the guy I need the business over there and all poor Jeff On plantation. I don't want to talk about that and third I expected your mad dog in the background You allowed yes when they said we've got him like the Iraqi did during news conference while we could probably do something like that Can we we got David Samson we don't have what we got him but we do have we did it And man it's doing his thing okay one moment plays okay this might be well worth it or then again it might not be worth it We'll see Yes Not too thrilling Probably we should use the other way I think the networks are so enchanted like the sports networks That when they show some of the clips from ball games and you hear audio in the background You'll hear mad dogs screaming and it's not even a dolphin game. Have you noticed that? I didn't notice that yes Well, that's because you know this perspicuase design so some of the clips they have were like a montage of touchdowns and different things and they just are one audio That isn't really directly from those games and they just they put him in here because everybody nobody don't like the mad dog Let's see the Palm Beach club will make us as if they were public in a court earlier would have been listening to Randy Oh God last week either heard a predict since Bozo went to Iraq for Thanksgiving that means we're getting saw them for Christmas Why is anyone in liberal media saying what's plainly obvious? That was a prison cell he was in with two armed guys guarding and caring for him just keeping him on ice for the perfect moment Let's say like when Haliburton gets exposed as cheating the US taxpayers Didn't he or did he not look what guy who spent the last day much locked in a hole in the ground says the suspicious Palm Beach trouble maker I don't want to stop like we're paranoid or anything like that But it sure does raise a few questions don't it huh? You know you still just got to believe that a guy that's got $750,000 in cash although I don't think we'd let him keep the briefcase do you probably not a good idea? No, no, so that kind of like rules that out But you know if we would just listen to the goddess We probably have all of these news effect the world will be a so much better play I'm a Wendy What are you listening to me now? See the professional talk show already a listeners like I've always said to give me the creeps That's definitely out with nickers, okay, so give it a rest What's your look at the votes we got on here though? I'll tell you one thing 427 and just over an hour How much of Eric is crapping in his pants? Must have been the atkins bar Eric What's your take on a capture? Sodom was saying it's fine, but where's Osama? Where's Osama? Yamama 149 The whole invasion was bogus based on lies 141. You know what's that word invasion? Because that's what it was I thought it was Operation Iraqi Freedom. What's the bush? My sister say I finished of getting the job done. Yeah, I got a job for you called retirement The whole invasion was bogus based on lies 141. That's one small step for humanity in one giant political leap for George W. Bush 74 Fly the bastard on channel 735 and no matter the cost it was well worth it 28 Only 20 at a for 120 seven a six an a percent centimeter what the cost it was well worth it I'm thinking of myself you remember when Dan rather went over not that many years ago and interviewed Sodom was saying yeah And I kind of wondered then how come They they and didn't like they just didn't hide a piece on them or something They didn't use some or Chrosio more any glasses, but they could like reading glasses like in godfather three Remember then You didn't see godfather three third one to be honest. Oh my god. Oh, it's used I Everyone always told me it was horrible. I never worked it was not horrible Everyone says it's horrible Well, I say it's not horrible, okay other than Sophie is knows And some really bad acting by Eli Wallic other net. It's just fine and it's a must see There's something for you to do kill some good time. I want to get home. I have that box that I'll watch it While clearance is like taking a little nap Regenerating his sexual prowess Oh, god. I can't even begin to imagine 560 50560 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line We want I look at that the phones aren't even smoking here now. What's wrong with that? What is going on here When you think that on a day like this these phones are practically I went into that We'd like blow them out when your daddy is talking now, so maybe they're all watching TV About our efforts. I'm talking about the efforts of a lot of countries See I want to say this to you and I really mean this sincerely. I'm not saying this to be partisan because you know I looked at Jimmy Carter had the same feeling he was a Democrat I looked at Michael Ducaca who was a Democrat. I felt the same way you you look at certain people you know I mean yeah like that one and you did like Gregory there's a classic example you look at him and you're thinking uh oh We're dealing with a moron is what we're dealing with you know what I said you can tell by looking at them even John Cretzian that frog he knew what it was m-oh R-o-n Absolutely you got him. I'll even m-o-z-n R-o-n he knows one when he sees one when he looks in the mirror every morning. He would just his piece He knows a moron when he sees one right I mean you just look at him and he's got that deer in the headlights looking he just you know And a public man you can sell the American public any kind of crap you want I now you must have seen network please tell me you saw network You didn't see network This is what you get when you're working with a hurricane person. Okay folks. This is what you get subtle left with Our hurricane guy you didn't see the movie network Or Ned Bady said the Howard Veal he said the world is a business mr. Veal and that's that's what it's all about Everything else is bullcrap everything else is meaningless That's why nobody should be surprised at Halle Burton and Beck tell all of these have did this this rape This loot and plunder the world by these big corporations and of course the tax cuts for the rich So same crap every time the right wing takes control. It's the same crap all over again whether was Reagan whether it's this is Bush Tax cuts for the rich baby big breaks for the big corporations pollute the crap all the environment There's no such thing as global warming. It's just a a left wing economy pink omith. It's a fairy tale We'll just leave it up to the individual corporations. There'll be a bunch of good boys Even a poor good friends like Kenny boy lay and A public just like that 27 past 11 at 5 60 W.M. Shelly Bloom's fashion code is have been around in town for over 40 years and you guys out there should be proud because man What a great store? There are 26 15 Northwest fifth Avenue Miami fashion district and you'll find the most beautiful men's clothing under the sun suits and sport code slags Dress and sports shirts ties one of the biggest selection of designer shoes anywhere in town Shelley's got a tag in slack super one 20s and 15 colors for only 60 bucks Georgia our money suits that you have to pay an arm and leg 1395 to 15 95 every place else You're buying for only 795 bucks a chilly Bloom's fashion code beers Shelley even offers you a fantastic selection of a tag in student starting it just 125 bucks each Service selection in price those are the three ingredients in a recipe to keep Shelley Bloom and business Pro to pass 40 years in that same location and Shelley guarantees that will never change the selections on beatable Automation they're always free and with thousands of suits in stock up to size 70 beast You're sure to find what you need so stuff over spending at the malls and make the trip to Shelley Bloom's an art of the fashion district Open Monday through Saturday 9 30 a.m. the 6 p.m. if you want to compare a price talk turkey would surely just give McCall 305 5 7 35890 That's 305 5 7 35890 Shelley Bloom's fashion code is no matter where you are it's well worth the trip We'll keep a happy duty to protect this country and I will continue to protect the country so long as I'm the president in the United States If free and peaceful Iraq is part of protecting America Because I told you before what does that have to do with the drop in troops by June John Roberts is CBS just asked Bush a question I made him look like a monkey more so than usual like the chimpanzee are bread A part of a world and he's clubbing and flustered and and boobloobloobloob like that Commander in chimpanzees that give him a throma banana, okay 5 670 560 nice going John Roberts let's hear it all right I Should have probably had that on I would have been great and we can probably get the audio from it, you know It was a beautiful thing well, I'll be showing it over and over again. I'll probably exercise this part out pretty embarrassing W he said even a political novice would start thinking since you're claiming that we want to have a Iraqi A government in place by June of next year and start withdrawing American troops no later than June of next year See political connections with ant simple political motivation and he there was the longest pause and wouldn't like that Just like precious on passions he was It was a beautiful thing. Nice going John Roberts 560 70560 anybody have any idea what I'm talking about good No, no W QM hello Oh, yes, sir Speaking Your question you remember Has anybody ever as the government if they have sold any of the Iraqi Petroleum and to whom and what money whether to done with that money? This is getting ridiculous here with all these lives It's good to see that they're really online for four hours to get gas and Iraq. That's always nice to see five six seven oh five 60 Call the host job pound five 60 on the AT&T of resin wireless line WQAM Yes, sir, I want to turn off my tape here Turn off your why I A tape of one well be thick all right. That's not bad. Hey, I'll call me. Oh, I like mobile and I like going I you and I are Hopper on the same plane and all that and I agree with you I That's pretty mildly yes, but My problem with the Democrats is just that we're gonna we want to replace somebody from far right What somebody this is being gets the nod from the left? I know what you're gonna say in your wrong because Dean is a physical conservatist not somebody from the far left I've been reading a lot about Howard Dean and he's he's far from maybe the moderate Democrat Whoa, I may be because he signed the civil union thing a lot of people think oh, gee, well, that's really where he's coming from that That's that's just one issue, but he's he's not a raving liberal Okay, okay, right now Let's let me tell you the word for Howard Dean which is in these days and that is populist He's a populist just like Arnold wasn't California. No Arnold's a moron, but nevertheless that that's that's that's what the feeling is an American Now it's the anti establishment people are getting elected Well, how is it because because first of all all the other eight Democratic candidates have been trying to paint him into that corner to begin with number one Including Libra and especially who's as far to their right than probably bush And number two that's what the Democrats did the Republicans are gonna try to paint him with a big broad brush He's another raving left-wing George McGuvern. That's what they want to make him appear to be I was mad at all that she's taught that the good work at nowhere the woman I absolutely To test Donna Brazil yeah, why do you detest her she really She's on a total Poor how again, and dressing all that stuff yeah, you know, so you know You know, all this up the stuff and all you know, just you know I can't family I think he test his little strong anyway your entitled He's going back to my well You see the central Apoptilist Yeah Because he's not a raving left-wing liberal. He's not he's not Ted Kennedy. He's not Chris Dodd He's not one of those people Hi I'll get on good man. I don't know but I've been all said again. He disappointed me bitterly yesterday I thought his response was pathetic. It was it was nanny pambi was very weak. It was unacceptable and the only people across Bob Grains already dropped out At least Bob Grains been consistent talking about the real terrorist and the real people who were threatening American public and Al Sharpton and Wesley Park those are the only three who made honest answers responses and the rest of them are just You know that they stuck to finger off the window. They figured oh, we we certainly better jump on his vanwagon for a few days because Bush's poppy He's gonna go zooming up again temporarily So we better like suck up and that's exactly what they did What did he better though? I should be better, but in order to go from the right back to The course the country should be on yeah if somebody like a centrist like a eagle or McCain or Thompson or something like that you or Edward or Yeah, well you went away. You're from hopping all over both parties. Well, where do we get Chuck Hagle from what's he running for? No, no, you're wasting the publicans and McCain and the Center so I mean there was During the other election during the 2000 election there was a well, let me ask you this was you mean it was a bill Clinton a centrist Yeah pretty much though He was a centrist whose first issue was about gays in the military He started out he became he became more of a centrist this time went on you right I think all those labels are stupid I think somebody can inspire who can open moment they elect it and I'm gonna tell you right now I don't want to get you to praise the Democratic Party is dead in the water. Okay, sir. I've been saying that for a long time they're DOA If you want to blame most of the problems in the country if you want to blame it on politics don't blame the Republicans blame the Democrats for rolling over and playing dead Including yesterday Very sad so one party country now You got a guy in there that just just to look at him people ought to be laughing and saying you call that a present just like You call that a penis right and Yet the Democrats and they're in nimble blood they always have a ability to live like Greg Reed man. He always have the ability to clinched the feet from the jaws of victory They do a better than anybody And anyway, here's the fact that says from Marty I can't believe these idiots calling your sure wanting to fry Sodom You fry a travel ester or a rapist, but a guy who's terrorized our country and killed millions in his own of his own. You don't let him off the hook that easy Says I would but this mother effort is the put him in the worst jail in New York City and have him as a warning to anyone who thinks of terrorizing the US These people saying they should fry. I must be dolphin fans And if they think my me'll make it to the playoffs they don't think anything good point Marty you got an excellent point As Marty touches all the bases 20 till noon is 5 5 16 WQAM so did Miguel come in and explain to you why he's got that Unacceptable thing in a promo. No, he's he's nowhere to be found good I Think like Luca Brazzi he may be sleeping with a fishes. Let's just hope it's not those fish in a barrel that Dictane is a taken care of 20 till noon a QAM big news how the potty act GMC is now autocity potty act GMC of pinecrest Expect the same great unbeatable kneel deals and customers satisfaction in your customers who when you were held for about 500 years Right now at autocity of pinecrest. It's an end of the year clearance sale all remaining 2003s in stock Take advantage of 0% financing from the 72 months or Save yourself up to nine grand with rebates and incentives whichever you like attention least customers ask autocity of pinecrest about their least pull ahead early termination program There are even more great deals at the new autocity Pontiac GMC of pinecrest for limited time to sign and drive home your new GMC Sierra with absolutely Positively absolute no money down. It's the brand new autocity Pontiac GMC of pinecrest Same great location though 134 on South to see highway that's you us when across from the falls open every day seven days a week For more info on these special deals called the meal deal hotline toll free one triple eight 53444211 and it's one triple eight five three four four two one one Don't forget all these opposite to credit a prophecy to folks at autocity Pontiac for details the brand new and thrilling and exciting An amazing autocity Pontiac GMC of pinecrest low prices with no high pressure Sports video five six 2 AM Working and convenience stores everywhere Microwave for real please you To meet the regular You'll explode for it on it microwave and make yucky you clean it up they're lurking behind the counters One splashy place Who's the splashy machine grip and make a jockey you clean it up and you can't escape it the fear of Serpent head terrorist convenience store clerks. It's Iraq no phobia Yeah pack a camel please it in my country Gamers traveling heard nothing packed you stupid American infinios name Iraq love phobia Yeah 45 at 560 WQM got a base to about Dick Cheney coming Here it is I had a wait for it to print out you know, I mean I did a lot okay. Whatever you say guilty Supreme court will review lawsuit over Cheney energy meetings The Supreme court said that a it'll settle a fight stemming from vice president Dick Cheney's contacts with the energy industry is the bush of administration Drank that it's energy policy you know this closed our meetings that he want to give any information about There's the biggest cookin ball right there is Dick don't trust Dick The court agreed to hear an appeal from the administration which is fighting a lawsuit brought by watch dog and environmental groups over the energy task force Cheney assembled the panel met for and by the way Kenny boy lay he was in on it The panel met for several months in 2001 issue to report that favored opening more public lands to oil and gas drilling and proposed a range of other steps supported by the industry The lawsuit seeks to force humanist rate to provide details about the panels records in interworkings the group selects the industry representatives in effect Functioned as members of the government panel which include cabinet secretaries and lower level administration employees At that lovely the watch dog group judicial watch and environmental organizations see a regular club had one permission from a lower court together records related to the energy task force We're hoping at the end of this process the court is gonna remind the vice president that he's not above the law So it's your club lawyer David bookbinder. That's the thing he's been making throughout this process that he simply immune from any inquiry into his activities crook Dick Cheney's a crook make Thomas take about it. By the way speaking of his dera got her not maybe there just might be a god beside you. Why I say that Colon Powell prostate the cancer surgery today Ready for that Maybe that'll teach him to go to the UN but all those phony maps and lie through his freaking teeth read the same stuff that he said the week before Which he didn't think anybody was listening. I'm not gonna read this Schmidt And low and behold somebody made him an offer he couldn't refuse and I think the Lord That's punishing colon pal. That's why he's got his prostate cancer You think so Oh, yeah, I don't Sound good though. Well, I mean you've got a feet and back some of their own bull crap. You know, that's what they're always saying The Lord is punishing you for your for your aberrant behavior for all your grotesque Disgusting pornographic filthy yeah like you in clearance. You're gonna get yours You'll see what goes around turns around. Back them. Is that how it goes? 15 votes man. The votes are pouring in as pool lots shocking and don't forget to go to the arangers.com Not just to vote, but to take a see they're not gonna do it Everybody should take a puke at that picture Just as a reminder of what a bunch of hypocrites everybody in the world is how funny because everybody's only in their own self-interest That's what how everybody operates whatever's good for us today. We'll lick your ass. Okay We don't care who the hell you are what kind of a crock you are But if you can help us out we'll look the other way and here's rum spell squeeze in it and Sonom's hand too In fact, you're looking each other with rouse well. It got such a big smile on his face I think he wants to do something with him. You know Got the same look on his face that you have when yours when clearance walks in the studio And there's the information just click on the caption under the picture You guys document you embrace of Sodom who's saying in the early 1980s despite chemical weapons Which you got from us despite external aggression and human rights abuses How is it pot? You know, I got to say this that thing that John Roberts just did in that press conference That was one of the most gutsy things that you're probably probably probably why-up in jail He's supposed to be the heir apparent to Dan Rather. I don't think that's gonna happen. It'll probably be imprison me for a midnight It's about time more and more you ask holes in a media started asking questions like that how stupid you have to be Even someone and the question was phenomenal even a total political novice could see look at the timing of this You're gonna put the government in place over there by June is the deadline and start with your younger American troops Get all the troops home before that big day in November when you're gonna get yourself coordinated again W The things that everybody knows and says in private, but nobody's supposed to say in public That's the kind of thing that he just said there to the bushmeister and he just boomin like that Fumbolden bumbolden and stammered into when all around in the circle about how he's not gonna forget 9 11 2001 and his job is to protect the American people what the hell the Sodom who's saying or any of the Sacrifice and the lies of these American kids in a rack have to do for protecting the American people you butcher you murder where you Huh, Iraq. Yeah, see 567 I get worked up a little bit don't let me do that because I'm gonna lose my voice and you'll have to show Plus it sounds to me like you're laying out anyway. Is he eating trash? No, I did have one of those shades though and pretty good, huh pretty tasty, but there's some after effects Get out of here That's one of our fine sponsors by the way These and very tasty though and filling And nutritious a lot of fiber Man oh God no wonder Moheets you like poison, you know, you're just out of control You have to keep a lid on you would almost all times you asshole just put out moke No mode of marron. She depressed that you're not gonna get to see now what since you go in there That's right. You don't go in. We're we need to you update the sport thing right there man right next to him So in other words, you're sitting right in there next to the moment and they're coming up They a lot of tension in the room and then of course when Joe comes in And you don't ever cross paths What does that mean I mean like you Joe waits for Howard to believe that's it All right, I love it warmth and love and kindness a WQA. I'm especially during these holidays As they have to wait for the changing of the guards kind of like when I was there and I made damn sure Then I'll do the same thing in January. I made sure I commit every day just late enough to miss the moment. I just don't want to see him, you know It's subtle sight though because it just destroys my day. I don't want even to have to lay eyes on a piece of crap in the checkered pants And it's stupid hats He's wearing hats now. Oh, he's wearing these like Kangal hats. It's all the brothers wear like in the hood Maybe he's turned in black He's having an end of the life crisis. Is that what it is? And And end of the life crisis. Absolutely. All right, what if we a lot of celebration on that man Don't forget I got dibs though. I'm gonna be the first to dance on his grave I got that picture right on our CD Neil Fartson move on most grave. I can't wait. I'll be second can't wait for that day and you'll be right behind me And Joe Rose will be lined up there and you'll be trying to push us all all the way. Let me give you a clue All right Could be trying to shove us all other way because man he hates him like poison He resents the fact that this man came into town took away his partner that he worked so well with if you had a one-dimension You know, no names on a year And then on top of that comes to the town and sits and down at lunch for a little lecture about how how he wants him to do his job at the game So he doesn't interfere with the most brilliant delivery. I want to stay still. I'll make 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQA. Hello All right, can you please speaking? Neil. Yes, I am. Oh hi That was special wasn't it? Very what was that like a panic attack? I mean you had the feeling he actually might have had something to say and then when he realized he was talking to He just lost he couldn't handle it He dropped it and the phone to WQA and hello Yes, sir I missed the John Robert's question as in my career if he would he had asked him He I'm gonna repeat it again He basically asked him that since the they're talking about bringing the troops home and have an government in place by a in a rack by June He said even a political novice would have to feel that there is something politically motivated about that and Hope which which became a bit like apoplectic Exactly, I say make him present and he'll get his walking paper tonight. Probably. I don't think you see him no more One thing you like we've just about how our genius back peddling in no backbone jelly Hi, yes, did they he reminded me of Michael Ducaca all over again, man. Wimpy is they come just when I had a little hope Yeah, yeah, I was I was I'll whip up about him again, but you know, so he's got a lot of money No, so I've used the internet and he's got you know all the all these big numbers. He's 23 points out a new Hampshire But in the meantime, he's got to be able to be bush and if he's gonna be a win to then gonna happen Not like whiff isn't whipping anymore. Yeah, have a great day, pal. See you at the border. Gonna be a lot of people lined up at the border. I'll help you in a Especially for hockey fan. How about my maple leafs? Bees 21 out of a possible 22 points in last 11 games first place in a division one point away from the lead and the league Who could believe it? You're not impressed, are you? I'm just miserable about the bro is going to impact that your team is floundering like crazy Last time that we played you guys we beat your six to three Pretty embarrassing. Yeah, potty and great deal. What'd be yeah? You keep him he you'll you'll get there with him And paten nobody showing up at that and I'm a fleets center man all those people disguised as empty yellow seats See one thing if you're gonna build an arena folks don't make the CTL Not a good idea Because then when nobody shows up it's like oh, it's like just blinding seeing all those empty yellow seats Nobody's showing up had half the places empty every night Because they're all the into the Patriots. They're all that's right. They're like South Florida. They're gender bandwagon jumpers They're hopin on a winner hopin on Tom Brady which a lot of people would like to 535 votes. What's your take on a capture of Saddam Hussein if we had a woman call yet? No Hello Randy I'd like to say that I think this president is just a greatest thing since sliced halaba 535 votes. It's fine, but where's Osama? 190 Osama that's demand The whole invasion was bogus based upon lies 167 which we know see the impeachment trial should be going on right now That's a loop and instead here he is basking in this capture of the evil door We caught on my god on we got the big fish. We got the evil door As if it changes anything which of course it really doesn't Anyway, one small step for humanity one giant political leap for George W. Bush 90 Friday basted on channel 753 meaning Sodom of course and no matter or because it was well worth it 40 714 40 people out of 540 say no matter how many Americans and everybody else had a die it was well worth it Just to get this bearded bastard the one that we popped up there in the first place and Provided all those chemical weapons to because he wasn't the Iatola Take a look at that picture around the spell and Sodom and puke your guts out okay, and we had the caption just keep reading it and look at that again and again If you want to start getting a little idea what the hell how corrupt the whole god damn world is and you wonder why people are so much more involved in ball games and things and like getting laid that's where it's at Right, you're why you can baby because other stuff is just You know Rogers little infinite people crawling around on a face of this on this globe Four minutes till noon at five 60 WQ a mine I let the number one Asian buffet in the world Emerald coast to all the curtain for you this holiday season Reserve your holiday party right now Emerald coast can accommodate even the biggest group start your mouth watering eating experience with six different suits any or all I'm sure the beast would make sure he tried them all just to be fair And then sample dozens of certain amount phrase like New York strip made order in a sizzling Asian grid along with a new safe food change Yuck enjoy oysters on the half-shell every night a last-gene stone crab middle-like clams Dumbos it's a scrim scampy Shrim scampy now for the first time Steam and main lobster under weekends to a the Emerald coast they've got handcar Prime rim the new Thai special these two And don't forget you'll never walk out of this place with a headache just a big fact pupic because they use only cholesterol free oils and all are cooking No MSD no cornstarch no crap at The Emerald coast of a faith feats is a full salad bar the new sushi bar fresh from cocktail to and a dessert station Now most people will probably be too full after picking out all the other good stuff But a guarantee the beast would still find a little bit of room. Maybe show it into his pants for dessert Belgium waffles pies cakes pastries the larger favorite the toppings on the ice cream to impress fruit as well Emerald coast relocation sunrise pineapple at a 44th street Collins Avenue just north of 163 north by me beach and at the intersection of flamingo and pembroke roads in pembroke pies So take the gants a mishpasa or book your next business lunch and right now the Emerald coast let them do the cook and for you take out and delivery available as well too 954 5723822 9545723822 For the holidays or anytime for a real feast it's the Emerald coast Chinese before Oh Sporting in place Mark, M plugin is the 12 to one hour on QAPM The Hindu idioma boat bambing back those every day ther i want to watch it on tv bright i ride we love those It should take a day. Let us just put on an unto which I racked. I want to wake up and see their cities don't exist. Hope in thin air and tell that's not a must-sane. We're really pissed. You're on the icegint, that little piece of shit. Ain't yet no way. I'll get them up to make a hit from the old who you are. So come as not to go up that now. We are always fun to bump. I racked. I racked. I racked. I want to wake up and see their cities don't belong to bits. Hope in thin air and tell that's not a must-sane. Hope in thin air and tell that's not a must-sane. We're always fun to bump. Hope in thin air and tell that's not a must-sane. Hope in thin air and tell that's not a must-sane. Let's make your heart be modest. Taddle, I racked. When all the boys are there, I'll do a show with that chick tear and say goodbye. I racked. I racked. I racked. Coolness to the next. Thank you, Ted. Crabble 4.5.6. This is the fact of the century if this is true and even if it isn't, it's great. Regarding the capture of Sodom, good morning America, 12.15.03 this morning. I answer your interviews one of the journalists standing in the entrance hold of Sodom's Hide on Asked the Question to the journalist. Can you describe to us just how smelly the whole is? I thought it was Sodom and they're not in colder. I thought it was Sodom and they're not screwing in. Are you ready for that? Can you describe to us just how smelly the whole is? I can't describe it. I can't describe it. It's not like it's a whole is. It's like a whole is. Or anyone you like. Here's a facts from Ricardo. Here's a facts from Ricardo. And there's a big headline. Market climbs down 10,100, 11. It's up 69, which I think is very significant. Don't you? 69. You can relate to it. In fact, you and you're coming today. It is. I can see you curled up with Clarence Man tomorrow morning. Don't over sleep now. Would I contend it look on both of your posts? And maybe tomorrow you didn't answer that question. Is this a fact that said once again? It's correct. A couple months ago, I wrote you a long hyperventilating letter about the poor telemarketers. You must have hit the no button about 20 times after reading it. The other day my toll free number somebody called me to have dinner with bush and to be an honored guest. Me one of the biggest luckers anywhere. A person a little bit of the left of Carl Marx is going to pony up and just see the present. Add me to the do not call list. Joe the chimney guy. Thank you Joe the chimney guy. It's a long list. This fact is a huge describe. Just how smelly the whole is that's a beautiful thing. That's got to put a smile on your post. Ray and my me spring points. This is our we sure that Sodom was in that hole. If you asked me the first thought of released after he was captured. Sherlock's a lot more like Fidel Castro. Good point Ray. Maybe it was. You think the bearded son of a bitch? Muttman's fidel. Get everybody whipped up and saw a photo. Let's have a little excitement for the holidays. Tell everybody was really fidel and not saw them after all. Huh? It was doing a little sit in. Good news for you. Here's a little piece of good news. Charges expected this week in molestation case against Michael Jackson. About time. Let's get to the important stuff. Forget about Sodom was saying. Nearly a month after he was arrested. Michael Jackson expected to be charged this week in that child molestation case. That legalized sports table requires strong physical evidence for prosecutors to overcome questions about the accusers. Credibility. Criminal charges are usually on soon after the arrest, but Santa Barbara to cut a district attorney Tom Sten did immediately file former complaint. He said officials need to until this week to set up a website. They would use to distribute the charging documents to hundreds of news organizations following the case. You'll see allegations of multiple counts of child molestation in this particular child. Thomas said over a period of more than a month. Legal aimless said the charges will not attempt to re-cute challenges to the credibility of the accuser and his family. Documents usually include only basic information such as the nature of the alleged defenses and when and where they would have occurred. On and on and on and on while there you go, they're trying to like the Schmerner to hold families is usually the case, but the acquirable have an effect on the grottons. Check and see if there's an even newer in cry around today. 560560 we had a lady call about all sonamos say no. Now that your kids are being sent over there see the reason I say that is you think that the mothers. Who are less macho in some cases of subgenit you think that they be a little bit more concerned about their kids being sent off to die for a bogus cause but they're not I don't get that feeling. Look at that thing look at that picture room if you look at it. I saw it. Rumsfeld big smile on his face big enthusiasm to greeting each equation it's so hard it's about ready to pop and the sonomes hand to. WQAM. Yes sir. The most interesting thing about this is that using a legal income is out later yesterday and into the dean was like wrong or was saying what he's saying is that. I'm saying how a dean would have been present and I'm saying would still be in power right now to rent. But I wish I had to say because the grimmers were informed. That's right. And as you'll do the women as of a race. And I like my parents are the perfect demographic for the women and they're disgusted with them. I hope that somebody pees on his howl of a. He comes out and says. Nothing that back up his earlier belief that we should have said. I'm just not just don't know weapons out there. And what's he talk it's a what's but that can be the show for the public and disgusting right he wants to prove to the world that there actually is somebody more to the right than bush. And he wanted to like goreting him back him. Yeah. Of course the gross end of a message I think it was coxal holly something like that. And you know and she's seen the end of the day and we're at a state that's been morning and my first thought being all here come to hear comes bush for another four years. Yeah. Not the way we got to hear things and say something. It's just horrible. Well I'm just got to see a Niagara Falls man they got a great casino. I think I'm moving to Canada. Good luck. Thank you. Tell this past noon at five sixty wqm five sit at same turn like ration my voice today so you don't have to get pressed into emergency service. But you could do a hell of a show. What? If call upon I could I could I could figure something out. Yeah. Like I said I think my voice is coming back. Sir, we need to find out who the sales hole is behind and this really threw me for a loop. You sent me this it's not you but I mean Miguel. Facts me this thing why does he why is he doing this you know that we don't get in the break. He knows that we don't do that he knows that we don't ever do that under penalty that and he allowed one of the sales holes to make some kind of a back. Doord deal to try to sneak it in the day they're always pulling this crap man. I'm going to find out before the end of this day who the sales hole is without account. Unacceptable is the answer okay it is positively unbelievable and unacceptable. I go dig for the answer please go dig for some more gold. Like mo. Hello. Yes man here's a lady. Yes I've been on the phone for about thirty minutes. And I'm going to just say I don't enjoy this phone system because at least that with the other way when you're on hold you get to listen to the show on the phone. Yeah but this way I have to turn the radio off and so. Hey look how easy it worked though here you are. I know. Yeah. So you may have already discussed this I don't know but. Are you really certain that the guy in the hole is really. Who we think he is to them that. And why is that? Well couple things we know the real jerk was totally phobic about. Cleanliness. Yeah. And his appearance. But also like Morris Gibbon said he was also interested in staying alive. I know. Unfortunately for Morris he went to Mount Sinai. Yeah it's him they did the initially and came back it's him they created them in front of Terra because he's all of his buddies. They said oh yeah that's this come by. Yeah but. They don't lie before either have they. I'm a shade again it's him and have a great day. Our club has passed known at five sixty wqm. If you're on one of those low carb diets let me tell you right now it is really boring. Right unless you got some variety where do you find variety not your supermarket. You find nice meat and cheese and stuff like that in your supermarket seafood. You don't find the other good stuff to keep you on the straight narrow path. At the lights you will you find over a thousand low carb products like breads and bagels. Cheesecakes muffins and brownies. Past and sauces. Chocolates chips and dips. Carver let ice cream and lots more. Every year a month they get new stuff in. While not brownies back in true carb delicious. They got something like chocolate chip cookies. Crunchy pretzels by carbs and so choke on them. They got individual sized cheesecakes and foreflavors. They got blitz stoked mince judies low carb peanut brittle. They got a new bud jams for you to jam on it. Slim carb fudgies for a fudge brownies are chocolate raspberry cookies. And they got a lot of tortilla great for making low carb raps original garlic or green onion. They are out effing standing. And don't forget you can try anything in the store before you buy it. And all the adkins products around sale all day every day. The lights is open seven days away from ten to ten you'll find about the northeast corner of Glades in 441 next to Boston market or column tool free at 1 877 low carb 1 877 L.O. WCARB or on a web it's low carb dot com. Don't forget it's a pen I want a kind store in the university license list. And it's your official atkins retail centers. You're sports radio 560's you a You a Beyond God Making the brother who's saying I'm crazy but I'm telling you I hear something I'm glad. Just a TV don't be so paranoid. It's a TV. There's no one out there. Send the guy. Okay, but I'm a good check in the second round. No, no, no. I'm a You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You Are You You You But that was a different thing. You wouldn't have somebody say, but where do you want their kill all much of people with a game? Yeah, Walmart sucks, man. And now you're not going to choose Walmart's kill. Probably more than Hitler because most of the Jews that run the schmop business are no longer in there. I'm going to be happy to do much there. There you go. Thank you very much. Okay, Zygazutman. I'll see you tomorrow. I'll see you at Kmart. Did Jews not shop at Walmart, only trailer trash shop at Walmart, right? I'm at your Josh Don't stop at Shop at Walmart. No. Can't afford. You can't afford. He shops at the dollar store. With his big check from QA and Shops is Target. 26, but that sounds really like a fashion statement. 26 past noon. Oh, maybe it's French. Don't start to run by the target. His French are going to start poor cutting that too. Where the hell can you go and be safe? Certainly not. I have a crumbian bitch. After that, not after the Wimpeda. I think ever crumbian fish was the cowardine of the fashion business. The way they caved in real quick there. Oh, we're not going to cancel that catalog. And you're right. We're going to go on hire a whole bunch of minority people. Because who now wants to see how much a hot look in the young people. Almost naked. Who wants to see that? Yes. Yes. All right. 27 past noon is 560 WQM. The beast is looking forward to what's the way I'm looking for? Copyulating. He's going to be watching nightline. He's going to be tech copulating with the Clarence Stunon as brand new King Royal mattress and dollar mattress. Aren't you? Without a doubt. You guys going to be doing it? We're going to wear it. And so when he comes into Marmorning he'll be able to answer the question. Can you describe to us just how smelly the hole is? I bet you die in service. Listen to this. Show tomorrow no doubt. Anyway, it's out of my purse. There's no full phony promises. No bait and switch. Just every day this compresses on brand names. You know, when I'm now including Stearns of Ananas Foster, the guaranteed lowest person in the world on Serns of Ananas Foster. And now if you hate chopping out there during a holiday is not the mess in the fuss. Make your gift a little easier this year to give for the UNI. You're going to want to love a gift certificate from dollar mattress. Just call 1-800 mattress and give the gift that they'll be thanking you for your and in your out. They got gifts certificates in any denomination. We'll do want to give a really big one or like if you're a cheap skate. And don't forget you get on Beable Service too. You picked the day in time for delivery. Any to our window seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. What time did they come into your place? Actually, just after 2, 2, 3. So I've get hungry to click. 2, 1, but third man. I've been saved on a mattress from these folks for years. And man, you're back. We'll know that difference. Trust me when I tell you. Ananasales practices. Fantastic service. Every day low prices. Same day delivery. And free set up and rule. We'll all make it easy to see. I dollar mattress is ranked. Numerous UNO for customer satisfaction. So for the best service in prices in a world called the betting experts. D dollar mattress. Tool free. 1-800 mattress. 1-800. M-A-T-T-R-E-S. Or online your reachem at mattress.com. Happy holidays from all your friends at D dollar mattress. And low. This is for 20-by-sick. 1-800. 1-800. Up the butt. Maybe Galdik can describe the work as now smelling. Back on. Let's do this. If this ever will tell, we should just take a now. Who's saying? Come to back and down town. Low to the ground. Who's saying? You've heard. He just flies. Will flies. Will be dines. Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? How a rash you can kiss you. You want on inspect this. Who's saying? If we had a boat, your mother looks like goat. Who's saying? He just flies. Will it flies? Will it flies? Who's saying? He's insane. And all are sitting down. You know that we have one who's saying. Because we have that night to destroy my rack. Who's saying? He just flies. He likes guys. He retires. Oh. Who's saying? Don't you fly and deny. Say bye bye. Who's saying? Cooper. Who's saying? I guess those are a little bit of a rack. I think nine hundred boats are in the mouth. 648 on the pole. What's your take on a capture? Adam was saying. Don't forget when you go to the arrages.com. Be sure. Be sure to take a look at that picture of a rumsfeld and Sonom and then read the capture. Click on a capture underneath it. Take like two minutes out of your precious life time. Look at that full man. When you think of the day when a capture is on a Was saying that people would be like falling each other. Fall on top of each other. I would think so. But they're not. We're doing screenless. And we got like little action on there. 560560. 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. WQAM Hello. Do I have Neil Ruggish? Yes you do. Neil Goodman. Good afternoon. Hello. Do you need to. Yes sir. How long for that was? Yeah. The particular store is on written road and 67 Avenue. For 10 12 years I've gotten my broad new times and City Lane used to be excess. This paper is over there. Once there was some nasty letters in the new times. The magazine was converted and rotten and disgusting. We could delay your guess what? You know more newspaper? It disappeared. It disappeared. Nobody would tell me. I used the forms to ask the manager asked the president. They didn't answer me. But then I read something in playboy magazine in October. They did a big piece on Walmart. It's history, founding, and what it does. It's all about. They don't like what the new times friends even though. That's right. So having a horrible censorship is alive in well at Walmart. You got it. But if there's selling games that advocate killing all the Haitians and killer Cubans then it's okay. Neil is a pleasure to talk to you which been years and years. I let me leave you with this. Happy holidays. And I go back to the old days of Craig and his pilot tape recoses. That's that easier to me. So be it. Take care. All three of us are going to take care. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. Walmart sucks. See, Dustin Hoffman at a wrong and Rayman. What he meant to say was Walmart sucks. In fact, I think he really did say that. Didn't he? He said Walmart sucks. I think when I movie was made, there was no Walmart. You're was there? Not yet. I don't think. For you are. Is he eating? Please tell me the truth. No. I'm not going to must be. You're blood sugar must be 600 by now. You sound like you're in a condition like go over in a corner. Roll up against the wall and just take about a five hour nap. I am tired. Why is that? I was up late last night. Doing what? I was preparing my bedroom for my new queen size bed from dialing out. You're preparing your bedroom for your new queen. Yeah. Clarence is moving in out of the way. That's probably his way. You got your that King Carl mattress. Yeah, he said he's coming. So do you can coil up on it together? Yep. Nice to meet you. I think of it. Oh, God. Oh. Anyway, next. Speaking of that, this is perfect. What a segue. Nasty language on live TV. We knew it was all debate. You know, that whole thing on the musical word show. The billboard musical words last Wednesday night when they had to be caught to talk about all the filthy language it got out. Nicole Richie of the Fox reality show the simple act prepared to announce a category of nominees on the billboard musical words Wednesday night. Standing alongside her was co-star hotel Eris Paris Hilton Award. Now Nicole remember this is a live show. Watch the bad language. Richie paid no attention using a vulgar substitute for the explanation is shoot. This is on what website Washington Post. God, shoot. Ha ha ha ha. The broadcast which employed a five second delay to catch up. Senators, bleeped out the offending word. But Richie was one step ahead. Wasting no time. Before Fox could have to dump again. She described her time on the simple life and which she and Hilton with an Arkansas farm family. She repeated the word and added one for good measure. She said if you ever try to get the cow out of a product purse, Richie said it's not so. Richie's bad words come to months after a little noticed and many say non-sensical ruling by the FCC that appeared to sanction Montgomery officials called the F word as long as it's used as an adjective. Critics said that decision further unleashed the potty mouths they believe are taking over radio and television. All members of both parties and Congress are demanding that the FCC cracked down hard around broadcasters while some FCC members want to toughen the penalties the agency imposes. Wait till you hear, oh God, members of the parents television council agropped at monitors TV broadcast and whose celebrity ever advises include Pat Bon and Jane Seymour. Ha ha ha. And this of course was televised on which network what reality show was got the word and what network was this on Fox Fox your right wing ghost dumping news network which makes a on a row. So Racy Racy re-altre left wing ultra liberal entertainment network. Fox apologized for Richie's words with the immediacy of live television comes the possibility of action or dialogue that may have been offensive to some viewers than ever shared in the prepared statement. We've experienced a failure in the system design of a fence such an occurrence and working to ensure it do not be happening again. How do you like that? What a crocker crap. That's the fox. That's a f**king that worked by the way just in case you didn't give the first time. What's a phony's? 560560, pound 560, on the AT&T and Verizon line twenty-two one a QAM. If you ever tasted one of those meet up replacements most of them taste like whatever I can't see on the air like crap. Check out how much sugar they have now there's a product that tastes great as sugar free in fact the beast has had like fifteen or twenty those cans a little while ago pretty good huh? They are really good actually. Anorextive bedc is truly the best tasting meal replacement drink ever formulated for people with diabetes and for people to look for a reduced sugar intake. Swing with splendid brand sucralos no nasty after taste like he with those drinks that use saccharine or aspirin and restive bedc completely in bounced nutritional supplement that provides fiber and antioxidants yet is low in saturated fat and cholesterol. Anorextive bedc is also gluten free lactose free as well and 8 ounce can provides 277 calories of the deliciously healthy nutrition that's internationally recommended by doctors and dietitians. Don't sacrifice proper nutrition when you're sure it on time try and erective bedc once you'll never go back to whatever you used before. Make rise of anorextive bedc are so sure going to love it to give it away free samples just for the axing. So go to andorextivebedc.com that's ENT-E-R-E-X andorextivebedc.com or column toll free at 1-866-3683739. That's 1-866-3683739.com that Neil sent you for the delicious one. 1-866-3683739. My life and love! This is for Trenial Pysic. Way and way, yeah. There is never a dull moment at all my life. I love looking at Walmart. We say at Walmart way after our shifts are over. Partly because we love it, but lovely coffee, love is in! It's more than a story. It's a fun place to be in. The best thing about being on the Walmart team is not having all those forms and papers that workers with health benefits have to worry about. We never know what to go find at Walmart. They just come in for the fun of it. The immigrants are the best at Walmart. They clean our toilets, practically for free. At Walmart, I don't need no stink in green cars. We don't need no budgets. I don't have to shock you on a stinkin' vashes. It's like my morning routine. It's been comfy and wake up in Walmart. Walmart sucks, okay. 1245, I think even a trailer trash should avoid a Walmart at all costs. 674 votes on that poll, man. Georgia would be impressed even if even that little gravel of in-spick would be impressed. 674, what should you take on a capture as Adam Hussein? It's fine, but where is Osama? 245. The whole invasion was bogus based on lies 204. That's one small step for humanity. One giant political step, bleak for George W. Bush 112. That's all. Friday, the Master on Channel 767. And no matter the cost it was well worth it, 46 people, 6.8%. Obviously, didn't know anybody who died over there. 6.8% said it was well worth it, no matter how many innocent people had to die. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlottis. Don't forget CB detection. 570, and transbiotic 3570 charged 2v2 killed, 540, made  to canba or Kimbonco capard, 560, obsiktly killed 2v3 2v3, got opposite Tyring and O Inside the Sun Nocturne, stream like a Assorted ult. You know Will Obkhalecover, I've been,while owned I think because he's such a nice guy that people are afraid to say anything. Yeah. Well, look at Moe, you're always dripping on Moe. Like I said, Dave, it's a nice guy. Yeah. Well, he made me a nice guy, but he's in that. He's terminal. He's coma inducing. Can you believe that they're using that call on a promo? Wouldn't that inspire you to rush right out and just open up your wallet and unload your money on season tickets for next year's modeling season? Oh, what is this? What is this? Oh, that you just facked me. This is gotta be, oh my god. What kind of bedcuff file? Look, this is another one of those maniacal lunatics. Actually, I actually go to that one every day. You do? Yeah. And what is it? This is really intelligence news website. Oh, no. Oh, oh, oh. Indication sonom was not in hiding, but I kept it. A number of questions are raised by the incredibly be Dragon Tired and crushed condition of this once savage, dapper and pampered ruler who was discovered in a hole in the ground on Saturday, December 13. One, the length and state of his hair indicated he not seen a barber even had a shampoo for several weeks. One is probably barber shots all over there and to create you know, we're just to go out. I don't know how many people are looking for you, right? Two, the wild state of his beard indicated down shape for the same period. Three, the whole dog in the floor of a seller in a farm compound near to create was primitive indeed, six feet across an eight feet across with minimal sensory arrangements, a far craft from his opulent palaces. They probably if he had any brains, would it just go back to one of the palaces long out for a while, right? He was right there near one of those anyways. Sure. Four, Sodom looked beaten in hungry, except for all them candy wrappers and hot dogs. Five, the tane tried to escape were two hundred and a five men left with them were two AK-47, the salt guns and a pistol, not a boy's for use. Yeah, when you're detaining somebody, don't you always lead them to a couple of AK-47s in a pistol? I think so. And 750 grand and $100 bills in a briefcase. Six, the whole only hand one opening. Right, go. I guess that leaves out the screw in and that book she's writing. That's the best seller already by the way. One in the pink and one in the stink. Yeah, it's on our website. You're on a touch, so to speak. So, Josh has. You better specify. Better calm clearance. Sorry, Matt. The other Josh is quickly fading. He's about ready to pass that. Is he really? He's got a very good call. He would be the first producer we had passed out in that room. I'll tell you that. Just don't fall on the floor, Josh. And have your eyes start rolling around in your head. And puking and things like that. Hey, by the way, Mark Eisenberg is at the Boca Town Center mall until 2 o'clock at the west side of the sears parking lot. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Can't like an act of thought. Well, we're not that crazy about him anyways. These are good guys. He's almost as boring as they've been boring. Mark Eisenberg. I thought he were going to tell me Bob Eisenberg was there. That would have really been something. Go on there and tug on Bob's hair. So Mark Eisenberg is where again? The Boca Town Center mall, the west side of the sears parking lot. Until 2 o'clock. I'm only finding out about this now. Obviously it was a mistake. He called me. Yeah. We're supposed to. Hey, don't blame us Mark. Nobody told us about it. I got no promo. The old homeowner got no promo. No, no. In addition, which how much money is here? So what is he got? Is he got our merchandise though? He's actually he's collecting toys for the Joe Mark Toydra. I am something you're you're you're smirkling there, but I heard you say it on Joe show. That's right. I heard you say it. So you know about it. You're just sandbagging your buddy there. Well, you know, it's. Joe and Mark, you know, actually they keep trying to get me to do the overnight show because they think they're going to get eight to ten. They're going to get eight to ten. Yeah, they think they're going to move to the morning. They're going to move to the morning. They're going to move to the morning. They keep trying to tell me how great the overnight show is. Maybe Mark Eisenberg will call in and the scrapper was just as much as the hole is. Number six, the hole only had one opening and void did its stink. It was not really camouflaged with mud and bricks. It was blocked. He couldn't have climbed out without somebody on the outside. But we're going to cover. Well, I get I guess that was the idea because you did you notice it was like a little handle on the star. Or phone on a covering on on the thing. Set and he could have just knocked their right out. What kind of crap is that? And seven most important. 750 grand and hundred dollar notes were found with him. A pit and square is caters expected 25 minute dollar reward. But no communications equipment of any kind, whether cell phone even a carrier pigeon for contacting the outside world. Yeah, when you're holding somebody captive, I mean, you know, what's 750 grand? According to dead cophile, Analyst, the seven anomalies point to one conclusion. Sodom was saying was not in hiding. He was a prisoner. Oh, this sounds like the kind of kaka in his theory in Perino. You're on certain radio shows. What? I'm a wendley. What? Are you looking for me? No. No, and that was not about what Rick Sains has said this. Rick Sains has said that. Rick Sains has once in all. Come, nobody will watch his TV show. All of these things. Probably because it sucks. Even George said he's show was horrible. And this goes down. I'm not going to read this stuff. You probably printed this out. I did. I printed the article. You did? Yeah, because the guy referred to it. So I wanted you to have the article that I thought somebody fashed it in. Some of his right wing hysterical is really paranoia. By the way, they showed that fat piece of crap Ariel Sharon yesterday. And he's in there talking about well on this threat to, you know, this terrorist threat. And I'm thinking to myself, boy, talk about a terrorist. Just go look at him. Are you fat tub? Man. What does this say? Oh, I see. This was in connection with his paranoid facts that you sent from Karen. Hey, Karen, the tooth fairy lives. And so does God in Sandy Claus. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. We got him, baby. We got him. WQAM. Yeah. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing today? Pretty good. Got two things. Good. One thing is, I hate screamers. Because myself won't provide our only lesson ring for two minutes in the cut you off. I hate that. I hate it too. Also, the thing with this, Granddad, Donald, by city. Everyone's complaining about it. Right. It's not, it's not if you've played the game or if you know the game one year, one year. People who work there has a game. It's not just a doesn't say kill all Haitians just carved lots to kill all Haitians. Well, we're doing it a deal with a Haitian gang. The Haitian gang is kind of screw him over. So that's why it says kill the Haitians being the Haitian gang. Yeah. The video of the game is a violent game anyway. So when you want to buy off the humans, what about the humans? That says that to the Cuban gang. There's Jamaican gang. There's all these gangs. This guy's doing deals with. Yeah, man. The Alman. Anyway, so the, you know, the game's been out of year now all of a sudden. They're just coming up with this. Oh, it says kill all the Haitians in there. Where were there a year ago when the game came out? They probably just, well, they probably are picking up the bodies. Yeah, I hear you. All right. Have a great day, Pali. Walmart sucks. So what is it, you know, you got it? What is it really say? No, he's right. When you're on a specific mission. Yeah. Targeting a certain gang. It does. Like, you ever going to grow up? What is wrong with you, man? Are you guys? Man, you know what it is with you though. See, you've got an excuse of building excuses that hurt. Who in thing? You just see people that go to the event. They never grow up. They're going to be little children in the rest of their lives. That's why you see all of these silly people. Even though the dolphin games, that's one of the many reasons I stop going. And I really turned on that whole organization because the, It's like anything else in South of the fans that most of them are so obnoxious. And they got this like juvenile sapomorph mentality. Well, just you that canes game in, I don't care about the canes. I went to Michigan State. Or just you know, canes game in and they were in there like orange and, you know, not even a dolphin jacket. They were like hurricane perfinated with dolphin game. That's not right. That's that's not kosher. Grow up already. Stop what I cock on man. So you can't help yourself. I mean, can you think of anybody ever? So you name me one person that we could be proud of that ever. I attended university of Miami. Name me one. So that's just alone. Yeah. Okay. Gloria. Keep on who? Gloria. Right. Tony cigarette. Steve. Steve. Steve. When would? No way. When would my ass? Steve. When would his English? Let's see. Yeah. The rock. The wrestler the rock. You see. The rock is from Toronto. He's not. He plays a hell of an. No, he's not from there. He dropped out. How do you do? He just came here. Is that it? Yeah. I see. Well, keep going. So far, you named a bunch of illiterate goofballs. Me. Yeah. Yeah. Ha ha ha. Yeah. Clarence. Well, he went to Penn. Clarence went to Penn. Yeah. He's an Ivy Leagueer. You guys keep up doing the things that you're doing. He'll be in the Penn all right. Especially Bush gets another four years. Life. Local. He's five, six years. The rears of yours. Oh, you idiot. I'm just going more. And the next best thing to watch an hand. Colterr is fake. Mad drugs is the nail rotters. Farron. Madness. One to two. I'm just going to do it. Is the nail rotters, Farron? Madness. One to two. Hmm. Hmm. Baby, launch a couple minutes. Oh. Oh. To order place we know. A game on that of fell. Who's first name begins with old? There's one thing beyond understanding. How can it won't be finished? Until we blow up Pakistan. We could chase around forever. With our tanks and all our troops. But special forces are so tired. I'm jumping through the moves. But we only need another play. So let's cut out all the nonsense. And we'll blow up Pakistan. That's good. How can I need a nuclear tank? Oh, right. Why don't he stop us if we? And we'll blow up. Pakistan. Huh? Boom. Why is he always got his yesterday? Perfect. We're sure if I'm back to Staggy. They had one of Bamba Grande on the road that his entourage was going over. And just the second half of the day is zipped on by. One of Bamba Grande they went off. Didn't get him. Perfect. That's really comforting to know. And a company has got all the nukes. You know who might have been their hands? Here's the fact that says if the guy that's operating around is saw, I mean, sure has the ability to grow facial hair in huge amounts in six months. Ted Kaczynski pales and comparison to that guy. It says it looks like a two year old beard to me. Well, how long does it two year olds beard look? Do you ever see a two year old with a beard? I had a beard at two. You buy that? Looks like he had that beard was a two. I don't think so. Maybe it was a paste on. Have to find out for more. He's the expert in the funny body parts. Speak of 100. I'm a big part. I just say you're a fat. I get a good facts on them. No. All right. You probably made it up. See, this is what's going on now. The beast is a little bit upset because he's, you know, kind of lay him back. Not getting a chance to like dominate the show, which is what he likes to do. And so now he's a semi me fake stump back. Is like that awful Israeli website. I'll let paranoia. Oh, yeah. It seems logical to me that you leave a guy with 2 AK 47 in a pistol. If you're holding him captive and also 700 or 50. Well, you don't maybe want it or carry out their delivery. You know, you got to make sure he gets well fed. We want to see and they keep showing this thing again where they keep sticking the tongue to press and they got it. They're looking around. First stuff, but also they're at a, and a, Cotton Slob, they stuck in there to get the DNA sample, which you don't see that part. How many more times? How many thousand more times do we have to see this today? About 30 minutes. Jesus Christ. What is this? Did you hear this morning? Mo, at 75 say, Jim and it should be on it too. Oh, yeah. He does this every day. This is his new deal. Rippin to me and Hank. 7 for just more. The other day it was the, uh, what the, was it? Right, I think. They can comment about Hank's size. Let me tell you something fat so, meaning Mo. You ain't know, uh, you ain't know shrikin' violet yourself. He said, Jim and it should be on it too sandwiched between the toad and the load. If you only said, is that how you referred to the noun up, or did he didn't hear a murmur be his hearing aid battery died? Every day's got a different, that's fine. Okay, at least he's making some passing reference, which is more than usual. Okay. At least he's passing something. Now the beast is going to spend most of the sarts on this white he ate sourd David like poison. Oh, an hour's enough. Oh, the an hour. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60. So he's now, see, because the audience, if they got any brains at all. If there were any questions, which there shouldn't have been, you know, when they used to ask, well, is this sticker is this real? Is there's nothing sticky about it, okay? Other than. Oh. Everybody hates him like poison. Everybody, not just me, not just George, not just the beast, not just, uh, Joe Rose, not just the mad dog, not just the humber who hates him like poison. Like absolute poison was funny. But everybody in the building. So that's why the guy doesn't show up at the Christmas party or the ratings party, because he knows he has no allies there. For a while, or he was sucking out a jewel in mark. He was trying to make them the allies, you know, and then even when Joe Rose started attacking him on the weekends, then he started even like trying to suck up to me again. Remember those days? Oh, I should have known all along. Joe stick Neil is a real panic. He's funny, but it's Joe Rose's the son of a bitch. See, because he realizes there's no credibility when everybody in the building hates you like poison, and everybody is ripping you and asking to serve it like so. To late. Too late. Nothing you can do about it. I think his biggest problem. He's got a big heart on that might for everybody. I got to play that thing, you know. I'm just, I'm so, uh, How to give you an update of what took place just now off the air, because I think it's important to hear this. For an hour, just call the radio station, Howard David, who I get along with great. I thought he called me an asshole. Saying I was trying to stir it up. My point back to Howard is don't listen. Listen to 101.5. Let me see what age group 101.5 for Howard. Maybe 102.7. It's a measly listening. Love music. So you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids. Instead of listening and always calling the radio station. station. He's become empowered to call her like Howard from Boka. Howard from Boka. It's like, you know, it's okay. So anyway, he's he's listened so just want to get the message out and don't call my show to just for a record. Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you and I don't want to hear you on the private line. Congratulations, you know the private line number. That's great. But don't call because you're not coming on this show. You've got you've got your three hours five to eight. Monday through Friday, you can talk all you want, but you're not coming on this show. And we'll leave it at that. All right, I got nothing against you. You seem like a decent person. And I know you've been getting that taken a big hit on the radio station from everybody else, but it's over. Me and you done. You can kiss my rear end. I'm listening. I'm good for you. 60, 65, 60. WQAM. Sorry, just mention it in passing. What does that have to do with the price of peanuts? I don't know. It's just a well worth it right at the holiday time. The one where we're good. Sheer want to spread a little joy and love. 732 votes on the full. We're going to top 800. I'll guarantee that. Which in itself could be close to a record. Watch your take on a capture. Saddam Hussein. It's fine. But where's Osama? 260. The whole invasion was bogus based on lies. 229. That's one small step for humanity in one giant political lead for George W Bush. 122. Friday, the bastard on channel 771. And now, out of the cost, it was well worth it. 50. 6.8% well worth it. WQAM. Not there. QAM. Hello. Not there. 560. 560. On the AT&T of Verizon, wireless line. WQAM. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Pretty good. Well, my take on it is I'm happy. I'm happy it's over and done with providing that. It's really saddam. But now we need to shine the spotlight on the Osama bin Laden character. Sort of like a shade out there. Just a shadow I should say. So we need to focus on taking it. It's easy to say focus on it. But the problem and several out of you saw yesterday. But all of that were showed comparisons between the terrain and Iraq and the terrain. Because they all think that Osama is either either in Pakistan or Afghanistan or the border and the mountains there. It's almost impossible to find somebody there. In addition to which they have to rely for intelligence on the peasants who live there for still having an astonished with their meals, their monkeys and their asses. Right. That's true. And also another thing I might want to mention and this goes back into the back into the 80s. Once we capture Osama bin Laden and we deal with him accordingly whether we take him to a corridor, we get shot or stone to those who know what will decide when that happens. But let's not forget our old Colonel Muma Muhammad Kadafi. We got to still deal with him. He was one of the biggest terraces back in the 80s before Al Qaeda and Laden came into effect. Now he's got the naked pictures of somebody. 560560, Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. All the more Mar, he's old news. WQAM. Yes sir. I will go on with that. It's going great over here. What's the one that likes? It's a little stormy ground up to bed. It's a little chilly. Sorry. It's actually pretty nice here that they probably pretty happy with the one over here. Well that's great. So I will go up here today and the first thing I see on my TV is we've captured the tsunami. Yes sir. And my immediate response was well George Bush has got himself reelected. I don't know if that's the right mentality. I don't know how many other people share that mentality. I know that's not what I want. Yeah. I agree with you. I think that that was the first thing I came to my mind is that you know they're playing the whole thing just like on the anniversary of 911. In 2002 and they played the anniversary with like a fiddle man. They have just played the American public like you wouldn't believe so they can stay in there for fun and profit of all their buddies and big business. That's what I was talking about. It's like what you said asked the American public when he thought that's about who's saying had something to do with 911 which he had absolutely nothing to do with 911. So you can imagine now with all the focus on him in the canter. Now it's probably like 70% of the thing. Oh boy this is really a great step in a war on terror because that's what Bush keeps saying is it to say something to do with it. Now that's it's half full. This is a real big opportunity for the Democratic Party. Yeah. To make a statement. Take a stand and really show their balls. You know what I mean really show what they got and see if they can really overtake him because he's going to be at the height of his entire seat is going to be until you know this is in good as it could have happened to Bush. Well don't forget though the timing may be a little bit premature. It's still 11 months away from the election. A lot of crap can happen between now and next November. This is true. We'll see what he can do. We'll see how much how many more he can finish in his mouth from now till then. Exactly. Have a good one. Good luck to us pal. Thanks. 560505060 on the AT&T. But as far as the Democrats showing their balls man or a lot of smoothies out there yesterday. The only ones with a big balls were outsharp and West Clark and Bob Graham was already dropped out. Nice one VDI Bob. What a shame about Bob Graham you know. That number one he's a very weak speaker. Number one and number two he's got a crappy heart. I think he would qualify for VP right along with Clark or D. That's what he's playing for. I hope so because I can help win Florida help win the South and we already have one person with a crappy heart. What's wrong with that? Maybe it's like setting a condition. 560505060 pound 560. Are we going to make the 900 votes or not? Let me just take a look. We're going for a record today on a poll. 746 what do you think? We have 39 minutes. Huh? 154 and about 40 minutes. Could do it. Could do it if everybody hops on it. Right now it's 12 minutes after one at 560 WD come to forget the dolphin you're going to be pondered by the Eagles tonight. We don't want you to feel too bad about it. Unless the Eagles fail to show up like the Cowboys that aren't Thanksgiving Day that does have for once in a while. That's the only thing that dolphins can hold out some hope for is that the real Eagle team just you know what are they want? 899 in the row now since Russia opened up a big mouth. Bob McNeigh remember that he opened up a mouth and since then they have lost the game. You know what will the number? Even the row or not and I don't know. He's not paying any attention anything. I'm sorry. No I was asking how many of the Eagles have won? It's got it's at least 899. It's something like that. Anyway what the hell is this? Oh but I beat but I'm on here doing a radio show bill. My good buddy build on it. Just stay don't get it. Anyway it's that time of the year again and everybody's going to be by your home for the holidays if they're not there already. Great idea. Especially when holidays are all over you want to get your house looking back to normal again and looking like a brand-spank and new after the mess that all your company leaves. Call my good friends at dry concepts. And when you do call dry concepts, SNP puts you understand by list which will save you. And extra 15% off the already low price of the phenomenal job they do for you. They've been around in town for well over 20 years. I've been using in my house for over 20 years and if your carpets need clean and man there's no reason you ought to call anybody else. Because nobody else in the world drag cleans your carpet. Same idea is dry thinnier clothing which leaves them smelling lemony fresh looking like brand new and because your carpet stay cleaner longer they last longer as well. And believe me it'll look like a miracle just happen on your flow and nobody does it better. So if you've got a half a brain in your head you'll call dry concepts and let him put your house back in tip top shape. Call toll free 1-800-248-5071-182-4807-1 or look them up on web at dry concepts.com These in big tell introduce is the sunny party. Seems our study friends were upset with the old guardians and so blinds named Barney are Jewish. So the good pay treat is a big telly designer to make party sunny friendly because you know the studies are I for a they like us and I'm nothing there was 911 and nothing to do with the old and so to cater to our study friend by sliding our tongue through the reference mully hole meets out of a barbie. She comes complete with a sand display that lets you bury her up to her neck which he fails to obey for major offenses and our kid will yank her head off with a jane to buy the new list of company wintertenths all-terry league. The little rejuice how about the now he's a mlingbarver eaten it was Jewish you can tell it's a telly. 117 at 560 WCM 774 votes we need 126 in 42 minutes here we can do it no. By the way it's 8 in a row. Eagles have won 8 in a row like I said so as I was saying before if they don't show up tonight and they just you know it's possible then it often could look out but if the real ego team shows up could hold it they'd be last week Eagles they just toyed with the opposition they do it week after week they did it'll allow them then when it really it's like an a horse race you know when a far superior horses in a race and they just kind of like toy with a field and they get to the top of the stretch and step on the gas about being away they go you know like secretary and a stretch in a bellman insurers pay clergy sex claims and arts license of my maybe reports as it's insurers paid 9.3 million dollars to settle pains of sexual misconduct by priest lay personnel and religious brothers and sisters insurers for the arts dicey's a money paid 9.3 million dollars says the church report released over the weekend since it began insurance coverage in 1966 the payments cover some of the arts dicey's 90 abuse fans by minus 2 December 1 but church officials couldn't say exactly how many nor could they say how much the arts dicey's paid for such coverage or there'd also result any claims from its own resources no parish money is used for this including donations arts dicey's spokeswoman Mary Ross Augusta said yesterday one Florida lawyer who's battle the catholic church over sexual abuse complaints for two decades as he believes that the numbers in the report are misleading the attorneys held in Stevens of cocoa beats says the arts dice he's may have received abuse complaints against 38 priests in 1958 but that figure should be considered a minimum how many but third man eight based upon the history of the behavior of the victims many of the abuses and our reported said Stevens who has brought 50 complaints against the catholic church in Florida including three involving priests in the arts dicey's of Miami the number reported by the arts dicey's actually only represents a percentage of the priest to engage in that kind of conduct he said the arts dicey's report also said it's insurers paid a total of five and a half million dollars to cover some of the 64 claims submitted for a legitimate conduct by priest only any article goes on it was in yesterday's year old or today's year old this is what really gets me about you suckers out there that continues subsidizing this insanity people are starving the death and you're putting money in a collection plate so that the catholic priest can continue going on a molesting little kids that's basically what it boils down to keep molesting it's like Michael Jackson all over again keep molesting and then ping off people to shut up and go away lovely speaking of crazy religion is you're not gonna like this story too much beast guess who picked Palm Beach County is a battleground to convert the Jews who's that the Jews for Jesus oh competing Jewish outreach in Christian Messianic organizations weighed separate battles over the weekend to win the followers of Judaism over about 250 supporters of Jews for Jesus gathered Friday night at FAU in Boka for a religious concert to begin with a Hebrew prayer and the lighting of Sabbath candles I have one thing to say to the Jews for Jesus Cox a hoist the clap saying in dances they affirm their claim that one can be Jewish and believe in Jesus at the same time no they I still say that's like Jews for Hitler you know that's kind of difficult to blunt their message about 75 backers at the American Jewish committee heard speakers Sunday night at Temple Bethlehem of Boka reject the argument that Jesus was the long promise Messiah and affirm that when some of accept Jesus here as she rejected Judaism they called the Messianic groups tactics the septive and inappropriate Palm Beach County is the setting of a theological clash that ignited December 8 when the Jews for Jesus ministry began targeting the areas part of the be hold your God campaign ended in 65 areas with 25,000 more Jews by 2006 got to get him before it's too late back by a number of area churches as well as Messianic style congregation that sure it's outlook of evangelizing Jews Jews for Jesus founded 30 years ago but third man has a budget of more than 24 million dollars offices around the world on a full-time paid staff at 240 they're part of the Messianic Jewish movement made it they're it's not a Jewish movement they're part of the Messianic Jewish movement says the son sent a native Jewish born Christians who believe that Jesus fulfilled Hebrew prophecies of a Messiah estimates of the numbers range from 75,000 to a quarter of a million every Jew is precious Leonard Greenburg or SESMET MOIA every Jew is precious Leonard Greenburg president of Palm Beach County's chapter of the American Jewish committee said it's a table about them we can't afford to lose any of our brethren the Jews for Jesus blends a blitz has brought to the area three or four by the way don't you love blinces yeah the sour cream and applesauce so good no not applesauce oh that apple sauce I mixed it together appleauce or potato lackies you idiot I would look like blue like either strawberry or cherry or blueberry topping mmm man I'm a kitsum cheese blinces for lunch today I think you were coming all excited about it the Jews for Jesus blitz for as brought to the area three or four dozen evangelists were in t-shirts and driving vans sporting the Jews for Jesus lower I've seen that makes me sick they're passing out Jews for Jesus liver to in about 30 locations not third man including malls also part of the operation have been direct mail phone calls in the FAU culture with a quite included soft for millions with a broad mix of russian religious backgrounds some said they were born Jewish and accepted messianic Judaism as adults others became messianic Jews after mirroring Christians and some are Christians who just said oh god that's good who called a kinship with Jews ragey Douglas 52 a born again Christian for bandlurries in leruz Louisiana said it was traveling around the country with Jews for Jesus I've got like to Jewish people needed to hear the gospel of Jesus I wanted to bring it to them he said don't ask we'll take the blinces instead people attending the Friday celebration said they were acutely aware there beliefs threatened many Jews this is a 2000 year old debate said ira brower 53 it's high in the spiritual leader Jesus is a Jewish man whether or not we believe in him what is that not make us Jewish robbie bensons a Jewish man okay what does that have to do with a price of peanuts in pioria rower city was raised in europe i parents was gay titlers germany in world war two and they'd 30 after studying the old and new testament's work into the conclusion Jesus had to be the Messiah and my comment you sir would be and you have to be crazy much of the messianic Jewish movement logic is flawed and dressed up in Jewish clothing said Scott Hillman during the temple Bethel meeting he's the Baltimore director of Jews for Judaism haha this is starting the sound like the life of bran all over again you got the Jews for Jesus the Jews for Judaism the Jews for uh insanity wow Hillman played a video showing how messianic Jews use patriotic Jewish songs in biblical verses to twist their message to honest suspecting Jews especially in the atheist states the former Soviet Union oh look up for them atheists it's a slick marketing technique they perfected it over 30 years home and said but for Jesus for Jesus plans to continue its Palm Beach County campaign till the December 23rd the American Jewish Committee in Himmins organization powder followed with every step and counteract the messages so in other words it's the Jews for Judaism against the Jews for Jesus that could old-time religion again man and like the beast said we'll take the cheese blitzes thank you that's why i am a the dietary Jew a gastronomical Jew all I care about the food light bagels i can't eat bagels i make me say they got used all that used good al these bagels i'm talking about potato pancakes i'm talking about kishki i'm talking about cheese blinces crap block crap block is very homeintosh in the poem time and there ain't nothing like good homeintosh you should see the look on Josh's face right there's no any idea what we're talking about good word see us do as we talk in code Josh to keep going like you in the dark we talk in code 700 that's right we use terms that you understand so you're kind of like left out in the code like cimus then a carrot cimus and a like that to be honest with you like carrot cimus yeah it's okay fair as they say in poria fair we're all we're on a verge of eight hundred votes 788 we got a shot at nine hundred like Jimmy Johnson would say we got a shot just like it off and's against the eagles tonight we got a shot boys and it's just great to see the way the papyots are just steam rolling through the league this year it's such a beautiful thing and watching that thing yesterday in fact you mean you do realize if orange for like a couple of drop balls that would have been just a total route i mean it was really 276 and they got late times on 2713 but it would have been a good score like 45 points in the snow and on the whole deal but there are some drop balls now let me let me a little advice for all you papyots uh... running backs because it was what was the running back in the kip drop in a ball policy are you aware of that was a game played you are about as useless today as teach on our frogman but anyway also one of the wide receivers dropped a couple but when you got your hands on what a timey braidies balls may you don't drop it do you know what I'm saying it was either ant 12 Smith or Kevin Falc it was neither one of them my cloud oh that is center stop the ball the end there is the one Larry centers kept dropping the balls man let me say again when Tom Brady sticked at ball in your hand held a tight squeeze it one of the best kept dining secrets in soft florida is in coral springs and of course it's the gold co-seafood real they just celebrated their one year anniversary and got three and a half stars from the prestigious some sentinel show time dining review the gold co-seafood girls got fantastic specialties that will just turn on your taste buds like mango plumsammon am i arrested mahi mahi or tani glee sea bass in the craven shrimp struck trout there's a great barram is for two yearlander with extensive one of our team list big fact gigantic martinis at the gold co-seafood griller in happy hour only five and a half bucks every day seven days week between four and seven in the p.m. the gold co-seafood grillers in cross brings twenty seven fifty two north university drive inside the beautiful walk shopping center for more information and reservations call nine five four two five five fish as in squished the fish you can die inside around time large parties and private functions welcome to experience the best kept secret in lunch and dinner dining the gold co-seafood griller crawl springs at twenty seven fifty two north university drive inside the prestigious walk shopping center the gold co-seafood griller betchered gred weeds life on it you always find great seafood at unbeatable prices too way not the yeah Jesus Christ for extra strength dexedron when you're getting crucified the last thing you need is headache there's so much pressure hanging around with the whole world sends away on your shoulders and some pop gladiator sticks a spear on your side yeah Jesus Christ the Hertz so in this thorny crown feels like a fight around my head that's when I reach for dexedron well I I don't reach forward hey anybody got any dexedron hey Judas could just welcome to my mouth come on let's say it for Christ's sake extra strength dexedron because a headache is a heavy cross to bear one thirty two five sixty eight hundred and one votes on the pool how do you like that we're not a shot I'm telling you at nine hundred you think and a half an hour can we do it sure I got well while while while you're voting on the pool I got a great article that I just to print it out what you remember is put one of my favorite near time best song author with two books were on a rack and the greatest edition of silence his book our flag to the paradox of patriotism of be available in august anyway this is what he writes he says it's not over side of who's saying former employee of the American federal government was kept into a farmhouse into grit and a rate performed by other employees of the American federal government that sounds pretty deranged right perhaps but it's also unifying thread binding together everyone assembled at that to create farmhouse is a simple fact that all of them the soldiers as well as who sane have received pay from the u.s. for services rendered it is no small irony that who sane the butcher of Baghdad the monster under your bed at these last twelve years was paid probably ten thousand times more during his time as an American employee than the soldiers who caught him on Saturday night the boys in the Reagan White House were generous with your tax dollars and who sane was a recipient of their largest for the better part of a decade if this were a time-clancy movie we'd be watching the dramatic capture who sane somewhere in the last ten minutes of the tale the be dragled dictator we'd put on public trafers crimes sentenced to several thousand concurrence sentences and dragged off the prison in chains the anti-American insurgents that are racked seeing the sudden futility of their flight fight to pay a place who sane back into power would lay down their arms and melt back into the country side for dramatic effect more than a few would be cornered by seal teams in black face pain and discreetly shot at the back of the head the president would speak with eloquence as the marshal score swelter bound him paid to black rule credits get off my plane the real world version is certainly not lacking in drama the streets of Baghdad were thronged on Sunday with mob's Iraqi people celebrating the final removal of a desperate who would haunted their lives since 1979 their joy was utterly unfettered images on CNN who sane looking for all the world like a Muslim version of Charles Manson while getting checked or a headlice by an American medic was as surreal as anything one might ever see on a television unfortunately the real world script has a lot of pages left to be turned former UN weapons inspectors Scott Ritter reach to this home on Sunday said it's great that they caught him the man was a brutal dictator who committed terrible crimes against his people but now he come to the rest of the story we didn't go to war to capture Sadah who sane we went to war to give rid of weapons and mass destruction those weapons have not been found Ray McGovern senior analyst in twenty-seven year veteran of the CIA echoed riddice perspective yesterday its wonderful that he was captured because now we'll find out where the weapons and mass destruction said our McGurban said with tongue firmly put it in cheek we killed his son before they could tell us indeed reality intrudes the push for war before March was based on Hussein's position of 26,000 liters of anthrax 38,000 liters of bachelineum toxin a one million pounds of seren gas must do gas and vs nerve gas along with 30,000 emissions to deliver these agents and uranium for Niger to be used in nuclear bombs and let us not forget the al-Qaeda terrorist closely associated with Hussein who would take this stuff and use it against the you've means, streets, and back roads in the United States when they found Hussein hiding in that dirt hole in the ground none of his stuff was down there with him the full force of the mercenaries been likewise unable to locate it anywhere else there's no evidence about cut agents working with Hussein and Bush was forced some weeks ago to publicly acknowledge that Hussein had nothing to do with 9-11 the Nigerian rainy msthore was the bunk-lash summer conventional wisdom now holds that none of his stuff was there to begin with and all the clear statements from virtually every one of the Bush administration squatting on the public record describing the existence of this stuff now looks like what it was then a lot of overblown rhetoric and outright lies designed to terrify the mercenaries and people in the supporting an unnecessary go-at-alone war said war made a few Bush crony's rich beyond the dreams of avers while allowing some hawks in the defense department to play at empire building something they've been craving for for more than 10 years of course the rhetoric mutated is the weapon stubbornly refused to be found by the time Bush did his little mission accomplished right across the aircraft carrier the occupation was about the removal of Saddam Hussein and liberation of Iraqi people no longer were we informed on a daily basis of the sinister nexus between Hussein and Al Qaeda as described by Colin Powell before the UN in February no longer were we fed the insinuations that Hussein was involving the tax in 11 certainly any in all mentions of weapons of as destruction ceased completely we were instead embarking on some noble democratic experiment the capture of Saddam Hussein and the Iraqis dancing in the streets of Baghdad feeds nicely into these newly minted explanations Mr Bush and his people will use this as the propaganda coup it is and a great effect but a poll once said something about tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow we are not fighting for Saddam said an Iraqi named Kashmir Ahmed Saleh in the York Times report a week ago we're fighting for freedom and because the Americans are Jews the governing council is a bunch of looters and criminals and mercenaries we cannot expect that the stability this country will ever come from them the principle is based on religion and tribal oil these continued sole the religious principle is that we cannot accept to live with the infant else the prophet Muhammad peace be on him said hit the infant else wherever you find them we also were a tribal people we can't allow strangers to rule over us welcome to the new Iraq the theme that the 450 five Americans killed there in the thousands of others have been wounded felt that the hell at the hands of the pro-Sain law elist is now gone the Bush administration celebrations over this capital appear quite silly in premature when the dying continues whatever Hussein bitter enders there will be joined by Iraqi nationalist will not see no good reason for mercenaries to remain after all the new red red highlight of the removal of Hussein is the reason for this invasion and that task has been completed yet American forces are not leaving and will not leave the killing of our troops will continue because of people like Kashmir Ahmed Saleh all Hussein's captured in Persolay was removed from the table the idea they was fighting for the dictator he is free now in the world begin an earnest the dying will continue because America's presence in Iraq is a wonderful opportunity for a man named Osal bin Laden who was not captured on Saturday bin Laden has been reported as thrilled by what's happening in Iraq and plans to throw as much violence as he can muster at American forces there the Bush administration spent hundreds of billions of dollars on this Iraq invasion not one time of which went toward the capture or death of the fellow who brought down the towers a couple of years ago for bin Laden and his devotees Iraq is better than Disneyland for all the pomp and circumstance that surround the extraction of the former Iraqi dictator from a hole in the ground the reality is that the United States is not one bit safer now than the man isn't changed there will be no trial for Hussein at least nothing in public because he might start shouting about the back pays off from his days as an employee of the American government because another former employee of the American government named Osama is still alive and free our troops are still in mortal danger in Iraq who seen was never threatened in the United States his capture means nothing to the safety and security the American people the money we spent to put the bag on him might have gone toward capturing bin Laden who is a threat but that didn't happen we can be happy for the people of Iraq because they're who same problem is over here in America our who same problem is just beginning the other problem that Osama fellow we should have been trying to capture this whole time remains perched over our door like the raven now the great column as always William Rivers pit or speaking of pits that's a bad segue one of Florida woman killed by pit bulls you see that story no is he eating dry now is he she she she she she she's she you are I'm not eating yeah you are I have I am not the only thing I had all day was like great the list of shake you're eating cheese blunts is by the you with the I wish you you know quadid does raise them over I would and any cork is a bring some tea is some not cheese blunts is the bring some potato pancakes and brisket tomorrow oh seven this is in cittra florida you're ever heard sit for a city miles northwest of Orlando north of all call us seven pit bulls escape from their owners home in mall than eighty two year old neighborhood at that variety Alice broom that among our original ethical center in all cala broom was found by the dog's owner Robert Freeman sixty seven he said the dogs were attacking the woman and you arrived speculated the attack gone on for least ten minutes lovely the dogs were seized by the animal uh county animal control officials Freeman was not immediately charged with a crime city tool county officers destroyed the dog I like that at least he didn't push he put around destroyed the dogs kill him leave me alone but destroyed the dogs see I don't know just something about people with pit bulls I think people with put bulls also shop at Walmart lie in local here sports radio five sixty two a m and now it's time for another edition of the carmo uh I am boys and girls welcome back to another electrifying identification today we're good hillerian about a Roma therapy now if myola's greatest assistant will give me a hand I know who's behind this so you didn't people say didn't people when you're talking about them I'm not now I'm kind of I'm it's great to you're so more romantic that I'm a paper that I hear all right now here small my fingers but I'm in small my finger okay now you're just boys and girls that can get the years of smell and my fingers and there's no my finger oh that's all the boys and girls out there and it smells like pizza smells like don't do what you can't remember you know if it's going to stop from like pizza why does it smell like my ass all morning but that's another I am called pizza for breakfast now I will pay your comment man I'm gonna pay that you want to smell my fingers that's what it's like smell my finger give a smell of women yeah yeah but not like the ones back in my day back to the roads and the rain forest running up there crackity on it what he said 146 1402 at 560 WC we're not gonna make our 900 I don't think 83 83 votes on a pool start a shot huh that's still a pretty good number though we got a shot no one gets to be too a clock I'd like to see that roll right over to 900 so I can say yeah we did it why not hey I'm gonna hop on it baby what's your take on the capture of Sodom who's saying there he is again how many times we see that this last half hour on CNN but third man oh this teddy butts wanted on in the candle hey teddy blow out your ass although I will pay the bombs song and I don't know what the beast being heard it but you know I'm not coming to candle I lived in candle for five years that was enough it was because of people like you that I moved on that guy's got a George Rodriguez blow up though do you know what teddy in candle for a while I moved out to right even the beast got there a lot of there oh man the traffic the nobody speaks English no mole on that's the now you're gonna be depressed when you hear this oh pole capture boost americans confidence oh yeah the capture of Sodom was saying boosted confidence among americans pull yesterday most of whom agreed the Iraqi war was worth fighting in the search for weapons of mass destruction would be successful right the response of the country the response also were confident that Iraq would establish a stable government that the US would find al-Qaeda terror leader Osama yamama bin Laden of those pulled 62% agreed it was worth going to war the previous high was 63% August 25th and 6th more than half of those pulled 54% said they were very confident or some a confident that the elusive chemical and biological weapons would be found the allegation that Sodom's regime was harboring such unconventional weapon day it goes on let's see the level of confidence was the highest since March 29th and 30th 84% about 10 days after the start of the war the pull by CNN 6764 idiots older than 18 and I want to tell you to kind of stuff that CNN does to show how they board their pull the pull they were taken yesterday on their website will the capture of Sodom who's saying help brings stability to Iraq yes or no I mean is that's like saying which is better good or bad good or evil you know what a stupid act and it came out like 63 to 37% yes but I mean what kind of a a rig pull is that is this better than it was before yeah but on obats 68% of respondents said it were very or some a comment that had been laden would be a captured other responses what's making heve again 67% were very or somewhat confident that a a record that would come into democracy somewhat fewer than the 75% in late March 60% were very or somewhat confident the attack by insurgents and Iraq would be stopped face on what I have no idea and 45% said they were planning to vote to be like bush next year even before the capture while 43% they had to plan to vote for them and still won't well that's good news so in other words as of yesterday maybe it didn't sink in yet or maybe it's not going to sink in 45% said they were definitely planning to vote for bush next year 43% said they weren't going to vote for before and he still won't to which we say all right and overwhelming majority 82% believe Adams capture was a major achievement 48% of those pulled believe that Adams should be trying international court versus an Iraqi or US military court in october what I'll punch a answer is it's CNN no one wonder the american public is mostly live like that just like that don't forget mark Eisenberg is out at the summer to a clock sorry mark where is he the uh... the west side of the sears parking lot i bet you and bring your toys your toys for a john mars annual toy driver christmas and chanooka you think it's probably a little bit too late and if you talk real nice to mark maybe you can uh... induct a new in get you introduced for jesus in book it you can hook you up with a right people anyway here's the uh... poll so far what you take on a capture sottom was saying what we got eight forty three i don't think we're out of make it we got ten minutes for fifty seven votes that's almost impossible in it eight forty six fifty four votes in ten minutes what do you think now helpful what's your take on a capture sottom it's final words or some a two hundred ninety the whole invasion was bogus based on lies two seventy two that's one small step for humanity and one giant political leader for George W. Bush one forty eight fry the bastard on channel seventy two and no matter the cost it was well worth it fifty four nine low this is for three five six two two this one to that all you people know stone her steel euro to they We ship will free, free, free, free. To the world again, stay up at my seas, see, see, see, fall my wings, we'd leave for my bound. Let me smoke that phone. They will be that found the bomb on the bomb on the bomb. I love when I smoke the bomb. Just like she can choke, yeah, yeah. That found the bomb on the bomb on the bomb. Look at that hot soda already, said the agent liner was curious, so I asked him out for some cannabis. He just spoke before, was scorn on the bus. Come up and send love to the park every day given out. We just can't stop one day, we even took up for the cops. Looking at a big Thai hooga, they have that mussees. See, see, see, fall my wings, we'd leave for free, free, free. Gonna roll it again, stay up at my seas, see, see, see, fall my wings, we'd leave for my bound. Let me smoke that phone. They will be that found the bomb on the bomb. Look at what I smoke the bomb. Just like she can choke, yeah, yeah. That found the bomb on the bomb on the bomb. Hey, good news. Get your pass right over here. Oh yeah. What did he start at at 5, 60 WC? I'm disappointed, we can't say we did it, we done it, we got it. 878, now we just stopped, we were rolling along, I thought we might actually have like an outside shot. For 900 votes on a point, though, we just stopped at 878. I got it at 84. Oh, you got 84? Yeah. Well, let's see, we got 3 minutes 16, that's a little over 5 a minute. You got 8884. Yeah. Wow, you're, you're ahead of me, how now did that happen? Must be the great internet of this building. That must be it. 884, just like you said, the only moments ago. Okay, well, we got 16 and two minutes and 40 seconds to get to 900. Because I want to say, we did it. I want to be able to say that, but I probably won't. And I want to say it unless we did. Anyway, the meantime, don't forget you got some bigger person's mark, I think that's another two and a half minutes out at in Bokka at the town of Maud. You want to zip right out there and see him with your toys. Now, it would have been nice, but Miguel screwed up again. And that's probably because he said, we're a lot of pressure. He doesn't want to get suspended like you know who. And tomorrow, we're going to have a van here with our best. The emergency is not this ought to be big tomorrow. Okay. So let's pick a good location. Put your thinking, put your skull cap on and think about someplace real good. We'll decide in the morning. Kendall. Ah. Now, George was just down in candle. Let's put it like somewhere where we might have some people speaking this where we have an audience. We'll think about it tomorrow early. And then we'll send a van out from 11 to two. And the reason I say it's good is because you got Chinooka coming up real quick. We're only like 10 days away from Christmas day. So everybody wants to give a really neat or great gift idea. Best meal CD or maybe one of those really nifty collector's items. Mohar David a key chain, which will be really worth a lot of money. After you get scan in a few weeks. So you want one of those. Let's take a look at your refreshing or 89. 89. We got 11 to go. We got two and a half minutes for 11 votes. That should be a piece of cake. Huh? To set the record 900. We've never even during alien. We never and look at that. I'm trying to refresh it and it won't because it means there's a lot of people on their voting. Come on. You can do it. Take a look at it. Take a peek at it is yours every first. Oh, it won't do it either. No, that's because it's all loaded up. 86. 86. We only need full mole, baby. Full mole. How come yours didn't my mole? How come my mole actually? It might just like stuck. It's in limbo. It's in limbo. Come on, yours. I'm refreshing. And you are mild. Like I've recently soap. That's what Clarence says. He said that piece man is refreshing and he is mild. Manored like Clark Howard's court. We got it. It's still refreshing. It's my my wife come back. Well, what was the last one that you had? I had 86. Oh, I 86. What you know the way that this thing is loaded up that everybody is jamming on. It's been a state's overnight hundred because it won't load. It's been a load. And that's what Clarence is. Yeah, trouble reloading. Oh, Matt this day on the near Roger show ladies and gentlemen, despite of all the problems at this radio station, spread of the inept management, all these other things, I think we can safely say. We did it. Bye, bye, bye. I don't have a penis. I've never had one. Absolutely.