I'm a duck-yoker! All right. All day, here it is, the world, When the screening days meet the rest of the girl In the closet, no more, that's what day day is for. It's a day day after all. All day, I'll find when we wear red shirts And when we all come, you can hear the squirts We can take go and tease with our manicure, go tease, If your go tease, it's a day day after all. All day, I'll hold in, hands in, and share a letter And watch the lies. Someone that we marching back, Will make tourists treat with a kiss On the cheek, it's a day day after all. All right. And wear tight shorts, pay the gold plum, And wear mask, arrow, like the leaves, And we can then sew away as we friends Since I shake it's a day day after all. And G&K will have a celebrity ball Posted by a lifeteller and group ball They'll be burning up, you rock, not to mention people Like hockey today, today after all. Oh, it's a day day after all. It's a day day after all. It's a day day after all. We're going to only six votes to go for two thousand bonus, boy. Oh, my, oh, my. I think we can do it. Yes, we can't. And we won't give another results until we get the even 2000. I think that's the first time we've had two thousand votes on a poll since the alien days. When you say, I don't know. I don't know. You know, I'm not talking to you. I'm talking to a Jorge there. I didn't look at the stats page in those days. No, I don't know. It's not under. You're not going to find that. That goes back a long ways, but I'm just thinking. In fact, maybe even back then, we never had 2000. But anyway, we need just six more votes on for real. Who's not, you know, just how he's like cross and over, which is fine. But pretty soon, he's going to be doing six A into two. And what's wrong with that? You know, something as long as I get paid, I say, Oh, yeah. Like that old part that call on Friday right on the box. Why don't you just do a favorite and retire, Neil? Tomorrow is paid, though. I just mentioned that in passing for some of us. Yeah. For some, it was not for Bonerbois because he's a bad boy. And because he wouldn't bear it for our program director. That's the problem. See, if you, when you were cooperating with, uh, deaf one, he was programmed to recognize how he's to get paid. Yeah. But now you're not cooperating with a new program director and your pay is being withheld. It's being held in, uh, in a, in a trust. Okay. Let's refresh that thing and see how that came out. How about those ducks, huh? Oh, wow. I can't believe it. It actually had two games with goals being scored in like a little bit of excitement. And games seven to night. Everybody even George is going to be watching games seven to night, aren't you? Sorry. What? The ducks in the devil's on 1999. The next vote. Better get the drummer roll out. Here we go. Just one moment, please. The next vote. Oh, look at that 2005. It's not even close. I mean, the freshman and the sophomore. You got to just get them laid. There you go. 2005 votes. What's your take on Scott Ferrell? I'm telling you, there's certainly a topic there that this audience is emotional about. Great. One of on six to 10 AM. Oh. 877 votes. 40.2%. Now that's and keep in mind, he's only been on for a week. He's only been on here for a week. And almost half of this audience, this picky nagging never happy, hard to please audience. Almost 50% want him on the sixth of two. Six to 10 AM. I think things are starting to look a little dark for Mo because Joe wants his five to six hour back. And the audience wants for Relown, six to 10. It's starting to look a little bit dark for you, Mo. Especially in the fact I turned him on this morning. I hop out of the sack. I come in here. I get everything all going. I turned him on. He's talking about the guy in Marlins again. And about Mike Loellis and Mike Loellin. Oh, geez. I ran out of here. I ran into the three SHS pasted and then you could like. Do it. 2005 votes. 807.1. I'm a one among six to 10 AM. Only listen to Neil at 346, but that's only 17.2%. It's usually about 30 in it. Yeah. He's good, but keep him on 80 to 10 AM. 212 10.0. Another 10 and a half percent. So that right there, just those two categories put him over 50%. That voice killed my pets. 195 wise guys, 9.7%. He's okay. There's another 164. Another 8.1% are you followmaness? Uh-huh. Let's see. 136. Can't stay at him only 83 and he's weak 62. That's only 7.1% negative to me. They love you for real. They're doing it. I don't think they're, I trust me. They're, oh, oh, see. I taped that for money. Comes on and I got the beast in it. Shut up beast. You're screwing around. You're messing up with my drop-ins. You idiot. God. Speaking of fat people. Let's see. Here's a fact. This is a one of the debate between Alfred and Molly Evans. It's Bill or Roy. I watched it. It was fantastic. Yeah, we had that on our website. Okay, it's old news. Thank you. Thank you very much. Outbreak of Concern. First there was West Nile virus spread from birds to mosquitoes and out of humans. Then there was SARS, believed to operated, originated animals in China. And somehow passed on to people. Now there's another new animal demand infection to worry about monkeypox. Oh, hey. Ready for that? No, not ready. Only in this particular story. I just noticed there was a typo. They left the, okay, out of the monkey. It says moneypox. Uh-huh. Yeah, that's a vener boy's new word disease. Moneypox. Which he's going to catch a bad dose of tomorrow on Pate. There were literally rare viruses turned up for the first time in the US where at least 28 people in Wisconsin, Illinois and Indiana, have come down with the disease. It appears most of these have one thing in common. They all came into contact with Perry dogs. Ronalike creatures imported from Africa which are becoming popular pets. Perry dogs. Don't be getting no Perry dog unless you want to get sick. The oldest causes, rashes, fevers and large limb and limb nodes has got to be an offshoot of smallpox, although with less infectious and rarely fatal. It's believed the pectus distributor in Chicago may be ground zero for the outbreak after it shipped and peri dogs and ill-gambian rat. To Milwaukee. There's nothing worse than ill-gambian rat. The searches on for other states that may have received similar exotic cargo health officials expect more cases will be reported now the symptoms have been publicized. There have been no deaths as a result of this infection yet. Monkeypox. Oh, I always have to have something to keep us on edge. Have you noticed that? So anyway, speaking of gay days at Disney World. The trickle of anybody in the crowd at gay days this weekend. I bet you're not somebody who was there. I don't want to mention no names on here. Somebody we haven't spoken to yet this morning has been in our studio. Who? The trickle of registered at Disney enthusiasts first appeared in the parking lot more than a mile by a mile rail or ferry boat from their intended destination. They were taken a ferry boat. By a journey's end just inside the gates of Walt Disney's World's Magic Kingdom, the trickle became a sea of red. The throng of people matching ensembles most of whom had never met was more than by coincidence. Saturday with the annual gay day at Disney attracting several thousand gays and lesbians, whose torso of Hugh was allowing them to share the experience together. They were sharing it together. You could feel comfortable holding hands for the inverted at Comstock said the atmosphere at gay day. One of a week long series of gay related to Oicos on all week? I didn't know that. She says you're not worrying if you're going to get hurt everybody should be this free. Right appear to be the most singular popular color set today, but crowds of visitors at the Magic Kingdom looked a little different from any average group on a summer day at the supper penned happiest place on earth. A couple from the Netherlands, Mark Orrick, Winklarr and D.D. Rick Orrick, Winklarr, said they were amazed by the welcoming environment as they threw the park with friends. Mark Orrick, Winklarr, who's from Amsterdam said that gay days Orlando has been as comfortable as gay festivals and the Netherlands where he said, Homosexualities accepted in same-sex marriages are legal in Amsterdam. It's on issue anymore. Mark Orrick, Winklarr said, it's nice to see people here can be themselves. Isn't that sweet? Aw. Not everyone more red. Vasia, a 24-year-old Orlando drag queen to Anstay, be identified only by a state name, sported a great, a bright green, two-piece flower dress in matching head. Others including Mark Orrick, Winklarr. This is a story that's uncentaled and it must repeat this asshole's name about 50 times. I don't own a red shirt and I don't want to buy a while right on for this day. He said, we saw it. I heard that white was another option. There we go. I guess there was some Baptist there. Alan Williams part of a Baptist church group from Georgia said he would have asked to change the group's travel transit. And he said, we don't want to go to the church. We don't want to go to the church. We don't want to go to the church. We don't want to go to the church. We don't want to go to the church. We don't want to go to the church. We don't want to go to the church. We don't want to go to the church. We don't want to go to the church. We don't want to go to the church. We don't want to go to the church. We don't want to go to the church. We don't want to go to the church. We don't want to go to the church. We don't want to go to the church. We don't want to go to the church. We don't want to go to the church. We don't want to go to the church. We don't want to go to the church. We don't want to go to the church. We don't want to go to the church. We don't want to go to the church. We don't want to go to the church. We don't want to go to the church. We don't want to go to the church. We don't want to go to the church. We don't want to go to the church. We don't want to go to the church. The acting was great. Rules of attraction. Which I usually can't stand James Vanderbiz. Good Dutch boy. James Vanderbiz. But he was great. He was outstanding. He was like the main character. And Jessica Beal. And Howard Beal. And Paul. The screaming queen Paul. And his buddy Dick. They're Paul and Dick were really tight in this flick. And it's good. And you guys haven't even seen him. That's how the beginning. I am so embarrassed. I can't get over it. Amazing. Here's our pull question for today. We'll get it right up. And then I'll tell you why we're doing it. Well, let me tell you why we're doing it first. Story in the Harold survey shows Americans less trusting more suspicious than ever. Cynthia Ivy will organize the closet. Plan the move. Pay the bills and collect all the documents at tax time. You just have to trust her. Believe it or not, some people do. She makes a living by convincing strangers to let her company lose ends. Managed their private affairs for a fee. As the 48-year-old Chicago entrepreneur explains, I couldn't have a business of my clients didn't trust me. Ah, trust me. It says. Baseball star Sammy Sosis said that this week, After getting caught with the court bat, so to Martha Stewart after her criminal indictment. The new interim editor of the scandal played New York Times once you had trust. Same with the Catholic Church, the federal government, Fortune 500 companies. Just like Cynthia Ivy, they all want you to believe in them. The mother of all such surveys at the University of Chicago's National Pining Research Center reveals that he pressing truth in a few simple numbers asked whether most people can be trusted. Fifty-three percent of Americans said yes in 64. That number dropped to 49 percent in 1971, 44 percent in 80, 39 percent in 1991, and 35 percent in 2002. Whether most people can be trusted. Here's our poll question today. Who do you trust the most? You've got a few choices on there. Do you think I left anybody out? You see it. Nope. Who do you trust the most? My spouse, my parents, George W. Bush, Neil Rogers, Mo Howard David, my priest rabbi or minister, myself, I trust nobody or my best friends. I leave anybody out. I think that covers my dog. I'll see if it was just an internal poll. We could put like Greg Reed on there. You know what I'm saying? You know he get a lot of votes. Who do you trust the most? Greg Reed. He get a unanimous verdict. Trust him to what? Screw you. 1013 at 560 WQA, I'm on a crappy Monday too, by the way. It's a great Monday. I kept thinking it five years day was yesterday. And you never corrected me on it. All week long, you're kept talking about what five years day is Sunday. And it is Sunday, but not yesterday next Sunday. See you work on. Barbecue's galores got an unbeatable, slushed aggrills that you can only find in this great store. Well, too, them. There are two great locations. This week at Barbecue's galore check out their incredible deal. On the three burner Barbecue's chef, a Barbecue's galore exclusive. It's only 199 bucks with 42,000 VTUs, a 625 square inch cooking area. And built in wood thermometer. You just can't beat this deal with a stick for liquid propane grill. Or for you to dish list out there, be sure and check out the new beef master, charcoal grill, other Barbecue's galore exclusive that's only 199 bucks. But more than 600 square inches of cooking space cast iron grills. And adjustable fire grate and a full-width ash catcher. Both these grill's will make a perfect gift for fathers day, which is coming up this Sunday, dummy. And speaking of fathers, day Barbecue's galores got great gift ideas for dead. In all price ranges, including many gifts under 50 bucks. Barbecue's galore carries the biggest selection of Barbecue's accessories anywhere. They got them all. They got gas, charcoal, smokers, tailgate supplies. All of the guaranteed lowest prices anywhere. And be sure and take advantage of no payment. Simist cash financing till January 2004 on a proof credit. You'll find stores in plantation in university, gravity fountain shopping, center. Also, you'll find them in cruel springs in the corner of sample and rock island road. Everything you'll need all summer long and all year round at Barbecue's galore. Everything under the sun at unbeatable prices too. And I'm in love with this sport-rail by 60. You wait, you ain't in. It's day, oh, you might have a challenge. At five, six, oh. WQA. Yeah. 3, 8, 1, gonna set my screen, gonna set my screen on fire. We're the whole lot of people. The redder screen, trying to prove they're not retired. But this year my very own was a summary. What proof she can sing is good as her daddy. She looks like someone put a wig on me. Lisa, in Vegas. Lisa, in Vegas. Oh, I know there are lots of other girls who are gone on bail and sing. But let's face a folks there's only a one who knows how to snare like the king. Oh, there's some real big, deep, as long as the age won't. But almost all of their careers are done. So please watch my daughter because I got no song. Walk to Lisa, in Vegas. Lisa, in Vegas. Lisa, in Vegas. Oh, I know. I'm in Vegas. I'm gonna have to start having June Allison send me cases of the pens for the show every day. If you're gonna keep doing this to me. Get out of here. I'm checking the emails here during this last break. Now the piece pretzel that's an interesting idea. Forget it, aren't it? Yeah. Oh, yeah. And then of course we got a nice Kristen and curie for the hot couples contest. Right on. Nice looking couple. Another couple besides them. And we have another one coming. Should have already have gone. I thought that's the one you were talking about. Set him the other one. And. Oh. Just when you think you can't top the latest pictures on our website. Just when you think it can't get any better. Now who's responsible for this piece of artistic brilliance? One of our wonderful listeners. Oh, Albert. The morphing one. Yeah. Where Mo Morp's into Bozo? Yeah. Oh, this is series. This is going to be on our website. Work on it right now. Oh. You're going to have to be in a sitting down position. You'll have to have a spare. You'll have to be wearing your diaper. Resort depends. As the case may be. And when you look at this, this is the best. This is far better than just the original hairless mole of a Sands the teeth and appropriate for the family to and Neil and Mo. Yeah. The ass to ass was like a little bit. Arrated. But this is perfect for the entire family of all ages of all Persuasion's mole Morp's into a Bozo and the now was that a suggested cover for the ACD the one about my dancing on most grave was one of them right. Oh, that's the mess my favorite meat to it's from the same guy. Yeah. No, no, no, no, no. Thank you sir. Whoever you are your genius. I love it. Look at those phones this morning. Man, are these people worked up or what? What? What? It's Monday morning and plus these people. They're kind of a pool. They're going to be adding anything to so and I just mentioned that one movie there, which is a little bit nervous that we might be movie intensive again rules of attraction. I don't see anybody else calling in who liked that movie or maybe somebody hated it. I don't know what's not to like. I mean, the only thing that separated from being ex-rated was the fact that all of the sex was like, you know, simulated. A lot of bobbing of heads up and down and back and forth and in and out and all of that stuff. But it was it's a panic. It's a real hoot. George will not like it because the ending like it like leaves you hanging. You know, like what's just happened, damn it. What is it? Well, that's what I want you to do. See, I don't care what you say because I watched the Requiem again last night for the 500th time. Third time. Yeah. I had to get a fix so to speak. And that movie, that ends at a point where you don't know what happened to her. Yeah, you sure? And so I have no idea what happened to Harry. Right? He's a one arm bandit now. He's the one arm bandito. And what's your name? She's busy doing an as to ask Jennifer Conley. She's going to be a heroin whore. I'm going to tell you something. The two of them are such a perfect match. Maybe it's to make up. Maybe I don't know. Maybe it was just brilliant casting. That could have been it. Yeah. But Jared Lido and Jennifer Conley are like the perfect, well, I said a perfect couple. But in a sense that they're both screwed up. They're right. But they're, they're a match. In fact, late if you check late in the movie next time you watch it like in about an hour. She's lying there on the sofa. I mean, just totally distraught. And she looks like him. Right. If you look at her face, it like they're like interchangeable. Interchangeable junkies. Because they're in the same place. I don't tell me we got a call. It might be about that the rules of attraction from Davy. Hello. First call of the week. Hello. From Davy. Good call. Good call. Good call. Well, he would call. Keep it coming. Good start. Yes. See I knew he'd be there. Yes. Yeah. I'm from Davy. Yeah. I'm a redneck and I love to get pride. I love it. I love it. Uh huh. Reverend Jones, uh, sounds like he's in the guy named Burrell. That's our call for this week. I think we're going to like do a call for you a week or something. Just when we thought we had tremendous momentum going, we had the big mole. Had a tremendous response and for real on the poll, which was really amazing. I better than I am. I'm going to say the kid's campaign run the channel for last night. I was doing that sports rap show with Jim and Jill and Ferella. Anyway, uh, he was wearing a Gypsy Hill pharmaceutical shirt. I saw that. He was representing great for the, uh, for the college athletes. Boston office, uh, fixed. Maybe he was also in a, They were talking about five six seven. Oh, five, six, six, the pound five, six, the only AT&T WQA in hello. Beautiful. Speaking. Uh, speaking. That's not Neil. Yeah, it's been Neil. Okay, Neil. Yeah. This morning, um, I was dead. It was talking about, um, all the derelict, um, athlete. Yeah. And, um, he was saying, um, what were they thinking? Strawberry, beetrows. They screwed up. What were they thinking? And somebody calling them and said, um, uh, holiday, they said, that's me. You come down a flood of mess with Neil Rogers. What were you thinking? He turned it and turned it across that. He turned the crap. He turned the crap. He turned the crap before he came here. Okay. Thanks for the good cop. Oh, keep him coming, baby. If we can go all week long, we call that good. We'll be in, uh, hoghaving, you know. Uh-huh. Rules of attraction. Yeah, or nay, friend or foe, paper or plastic. Huh? Oh, it's going to be a brutal week. You can tell. Yeah. Well, we've been, we've been pushing it a little bit, you know? We've been, uh, should be countenere lucky stars. Response and at website has been you for it, just spectacular. They're busy waiting to see that picture runners. What they want to see, boner boy. They want to see the morphing mow as mow, morphing to bozo. It's a, it's a phenomenal thing. Mowzo. Mowzo, I like it. You're in the mow zone. Ha ha ha ha ha. In fact, if you, if that her piece keeps flat around, it's going to, uh, eliminate the mow zone layer. It's been like, huh? Yeah. Well, speaking of the mow zone layer, did I, I don't think we put it on the website, to think about the cows farting. Did we boner boy? He's on the phone. Getting the cows to cool it. He's on the phone with home. Probably with Eric. Uh, very important collar. I'm sure. Yeah. Of course. What are the kinds of are there? Oh, you mean one of our callers? Well, forget about that. Orlando judge. We had this on over the weekend. Just a little follow-up. Orlando judge rules, Muslim women can't wear veil and drivers license. Foto. Are you aware of the fact that even in their home country, so they can't, they can't do that? Right. And she's a Muslim lately. She's one of these drama queens that decided to be a Muslim and dead and do this thing. Yeah. But guess what? Is there any of those calmness? Almost any of the Arab countries, the Muslim countries. Uh, they can't do that. You can't take a photo ID with. Right. With a zoro mask on or with a veil or any other bull crap. Okay. With a Batman mask and Saudi Arabia. They don't have the problem because the women can't drive period. So. Yeah. Yeah. That's probably the best idea. Just keep her ass off the roads. What I said. Yeah. The judge said no. F and way. Okay. Silly bitch. That's the issue. You ought to know. Be in a bar got a new car. It's got no AC. Oh, let's hear it. At least he's consistent. Why? Maybe he can afford the AC of Clarence Evercombe. I'll put out for him. Do you want Clarence? Clarence this morning said that the forrel thing is imminent. Like any minute. That's what I heard him say. Did you hear him say that? Bit of it. He said it's minimum. He said it's going to be momentous today. That takes place. And they're going to rub both head with the limit. But what's going to happen? No, Mozone is what I want to know. Maybe the Mozone will be like 545 assists. I'm like a 50 minute warm-up show. 1027 at 560 WKM if your carpets look like they've been in the dead zone. If they look really bad, they smell bad, they're nasty, you're ridded to toss them out. And spend a lot of money for new carpeting. Forget about it. Just call my buddies a dry concept. I've used them to my house for over 20 years. Almost a lifetime for some of you. And for the reason I keep using them is because every time they show up on time, they give you a written guaranteed price before they start to job. They make your carpets look and spell and feel just like brand new. They drag clean them. Which sucks up even the deep down dirt way down in there. And the fibers of your carpets. And like I said, make some look and smell and feel just like you had brand new laid run on your floor. And they also do as to punish jabbokp in your drapes. Your expensive area rugs or annual rugs. Your leather furniture in a poultry too. If you have problem with pet otters and milled voters caused by water damage, no problem because dry concepts will make those disappear. Just like magic. So you owe it to yourself to call the professionals a dry concepts. The smart thing like all arrest of his do call tool free. 1-800-248-5071. Your carpets will be drying a couple of hours. He'll be ready to rock and roll again. 1-800-248-507-1. Just log under their website at dryconcepts.com. They're the best in the universe. And don't forget when you call dry concepts, you really can clean today and entertain tonight. My life and law, this is for 205-60. You and you and you. We are done really hard. I'll be doing this for the next one. Yay. We're done. Baby don't do it. We're done. Call it all the time. What? You don't do it. Just don't you feel the getting married. But people want me to be worried. Just tell us. I'm not fair. Show that I don't hear what you're telling. I can't believe you want a very bad act play. And you had enough of right and an alarm warning sheds. I told you nothing been an act like so free. And I hold my babies already very to that change. We're here to our feet. My love won't be. So just leave us alone. You can be good about him. I am not your very good. You love me and my butt was so good. I won't find a better way. Because he made more than me. Right? Ben's a guy and I'm so glad. That's a real good girl just another kiss. Just. Shut your mouth you're making me mad. Just like a spook. This marriage will be bad. But I don't want to be alone. You're so you can't reverse and just leave that boy alone. And we're both once again. It's just fun. So sheds. That's another good couple for the contest. Which contest. No seriously. And what are the names? Oh, I thought you were talking about J. Low End. Ben Affleck. Get out of here. I'm talking about a real couple. Ian and what's your name? What's your name? Is she have a name? I don't know. Ian and Jennifer. But you're the one that's sending these to me. You're not going to know. I got it. But no. And he says, is this a good picture? Is this what you handed mine? And even though you can't see his push to well. Who the hell cares? I think that's an excellent picture. Don't you? Yeah. Some some more. They're Ian. Okay. The new pole is up. Who do you trust the most? Fifteen votes. Just went up there. I trust nobody's six. Myself four. I mean, I voted for myself. I can't you. You don't trust yourself. That's where we've met a lot of these people. Now understand. Nobody's six myself for my spouse three. Neorangers one. My parents one. Moe Howard David. My priest rabbi or minister. George W. Bush and my best friends. None. None for any of those. Nobody trust their best friend. How do you like that? Yeah. Speak to the hot couples contest. We got one week to go to get your pictures in. Just log out of our website. Neorangers.com. Email us a picture of yourselves with their signature. You're significant. And the deadline's next Monday morning at 10 a.m. And then we'll put the pictures up on a web for a week. And you have people in the audience. Convote for their favorite hot couple. And the following Monday, June 23rd, a couple at 10 a.m. When a show starts with the most votes wins. First prize is whichever you want. You got a choice for first or second prize. Three day two night stay for two of the world. Oasis resort and casino into Bahamas with round trip. Fair for on Lake Oer and Cludent. Or three day two night stay for two of the hedonism. Or three in Jamaica. All inclusive with transfers food, drink, retreaties, entertainment, no airfare. When they were the second most votes wins, the trip not chosen by the first couple. Either choose one or two. Third place is, well, Lumu and then dinner for two of the pizza. But we don't know yet about that. That's true. I'll try. We're still working on it. We're waiting for fat boy. Put on a goddamn frieos. And the hoes. And whatever now, other kind of hoes. He's a working on right now. Isn't this treasure island week? Yeah, it is. Is this one thing? I was thinking about hoes two weeks in a row as a matter of fact. Tara Wilde. Well, this weekend and my next week is another feature. Really, do we send a wall for a while? I know wall for a while. Oh. So I'll get that thing ready. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 6, be on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I think the rules of attraction people are gone. Here's a call from Boca. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? I have you seen a snatch or talked about it? No, I'm not seeing snatch. The movie? No. You have a kid, you got a kid. Got Brad Pitt? Yeah. And my action takes me to people. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. This guy says I should see snatch. I think I'll pass. What do you want to talk about it? I like the... I like the... I like the law of like it. But it's a shoot-em-up thing you might not like that. Yeah, I don't know. I'll write off the bad. George is in the... I mean, you... A lot of your choices are very good, but you're into this Western kind of crap. Now I'm not saying that's one of them. I don't know what to call about. But you're looking into these Westerns. When it though, keep me out of that. Like a Brad Pitt one that you had me watching. It was okay. But it's a Western legend of the fall. I just thought I made that a whole other thing. No. No. That's a little... No, that's a big cluster. No. No. I see. Just because of where it takes place doesn't make it a Western, it could be taking place in Hollywood that does make it a Western. I don't want Western on that list. And what was that? I haven't watched it yet. I'll watch Josie Whales. That's actually Western. No, no, that's not the one I got in the other while getting it. And then you'll know what I'm talking about. In fact, just how much of a few bars. I think that's one of the ones on my list. What? I'll watch Josie Whales. I should know. Snatch, snatch. I put that down. Not for the list. I wrote it down on the list that you refused to put on there. The updated one. The way of the gun did it. The way of the gun did it. The way of the gun. The way of the gun. The way of the gun. Ryan Thelip and Benicio Vel Toro. And James Conne. The way of the gun. Oh, you know who was really great in a... It's very funny, even though it was a very short cameo. In rules of attraction was played down away. When she spits her drink back into glass, it was good. So you were about to apologize for accusing me of what being a Western buff. You're bigger. These Westerns. I am. I don't know. Aren't you? I like what I was like. You're the other movies that I got. The sweet here after you're a film by Adam Aguayam. I don't want to recommend that. It was a listener. Let's have a listener. I got her right here. The sweet here after. It shows a bunch of punks in the sand. Oh no, it's a couple in the second little kid. Well, I don't want to get into that. Sexy beast with Ray Wynstell and Ben Cainzley. Some of that recommended that. Never heard of it. Looks pretty interesting. And of course, beer whole mind which Bina Boy recommended can't get the title right. I endorsed it. Am I on private Idaho with the River Penis which I got the on video tape? Because it's been 12 years. I should see that. It's one of the kind of a fat movie. And it's got River Penis in it. Well, I'm not too. Yes. Not that you're going to watch it anyway. But snatches about as far from a Western as you can get. Oh, okay. It's good. But England. Well, the way you said that like gun that. Why? And it doesn't got father have like a lot of. Ray, but that's not right. The suit of love stuff. That's exactly exactly. Exactly. What you should clarify them. What you're talking about. Get it. Get it straight. Here's a call from sunrise. Hello. Hey, doing nail. Okay, sir. Yeah. True romance. I know it's on the list was like the pulp fiction before pulp fiction. It's an ad kind of a movie. If you like pulp fiction, you like. Hey, that pulp fiction. Then you want like true romance. Well, I don't know. But the guy that had pulp fiction did rules of attraction. And it was great. Okay. Okay. Hey, did you see the Hillary thing last night? No, I did that. I mentioned it that religion got her through the Monica scandal after she was found. Oh, geez. But then she also threw in that and that's a good thing. Religion to pass along to your children. As if it came out of the blue, like, you know, she's running for something. You know, don't forget those conservatives. Religions good for your family. Yeah. Have I sat there and I was like, you know, what does that have to do with it? It can, it threw you. Anything. Yeah. Yeah. I'd show me one shot at George Bush saying that, well, hey, we could, you know, build and heart. She and Bill created 23 million jobs. Right. And you know, Bush obviously. I don't forget about her great healthcare plan, too. Oh, I would have a fantastic. I'm still waiting for mine. Right. Thanks. Okay, pal. I missed that. The book is out today. They were lined up at the bookstore's at midnight around the country last night in various places. It on places like where people read books like in New York. Did you go and get yours? Not my book. And the bad news is that Bonerboi who promised us that I'm Friday was going to watch Magnolia over the weekend with excuse being the car problems and he's got a rough life and it was raining near the overpass. All of the stuff that we have didn't watch it yet. Right, bad. Now, I went on IMDB, which stands for what? I am a douchebag. So what does that stand for? Internet movie database. Okay. And it's a great website. You can type in any movie that's ever been made and I'll give you like a review of it. And what the they're subscribers thought of it. And all kinds of crap. And I went on there and I put punched in all kinds of and unfortunately Magnolia is way down list 155. 155. But for those people out there who hated our movie shows, I've got the top 250 movies. Oh, I know. It is voted by our users. Oh, I just thought of threat. You understand? I just mentioned that in passing. How many times are you going to read that list? About 30, man. Yeah. Let's see, 30 times 250 is what? 7,500, something like that. That should take us till about 145. Rules of attraction. That's my recommendation. It's as a matter of fact, Bonerboi made another bad mistake. You know what you left off? All of our recommended lists. Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. It should be online. It's not anybody. I just mentioned that in passing. Put that on there on everybody's release. I like it in George liked it. And also rules of attraction for my list of our recommended flicks. It's a fact, if I were you, I'd go out and get that today. I'm just telling you, I don't want to serve pushing to spend a lot of money on movies. But if I was not George. Yeah. It's been floating around the cable. I'll catch it. Well, when it floats by next time, grab it. 1042 is 560 WQM. This copy for fast train is so bad. I think Todd Rick has reached the new low. I realize that that's saying a lot. I mean, what is that? What is this a bold crap? And maybe you're talking about his own problems. You know, like sexual performance problems, which is something that's Todd probably. Anyway, forget about that crap. If you're going to dead end job to make a long story short, you want to call our friends at fast train. Because they can have you fully trained and ready for a new high-paying computer career in just four count them, four short months. Call a fast train today, two or three at one, eight six fast train. And don't forget they have locations all over town. So no matter where you live, you're not going to have to slip along way to get that training. They're in Miami, Kindle, for Loderdale, Pembroke Pines. So pick up that instrument right now and call fast train toll-free. One, eight six six fast train. And don't forget they offer you job placement assistance. Financial aid can be needed to evening we can classes too. So if you're working for a real Puzzle, if you're making a minimum wage, there's no excuses, they in a situation like that, no more. Because your brand new career is just a phone call and four short months away. Jump on that fast train right now called toll-free. One, eight six fast train. And or check them out on the web if you're like at fast train.com. By the local, they're 60s, 50s. There ain't no yours. A few a year. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Kyuk знает. He gotta translatedondионs. He got the job on the deck. Hold on. Three! Two! You know what they're like there's a friend who leaks of some of that cold milk with milk heads. Yeah. I'm being addressed to them. What you know. What the hell was that? Oh, my god, I thought they were gone. They were seriously what the hell just happened there. Them afternoon we got some book of Brian thing, you know what? go to lord that that's an omen now the line don't drop out that would be a problem on this and there are no problems on this and as I mean a plus doesn't have to be on that and for the drop out. Anyway I'm looking at this list and I don't want to do the movie thing because the audience is going to form at the mouth that they got no material but like I told you before the show the top 250 movies how about the top 25 thousand you know I mean what what separates and I do understand that they do this based on a number system based on the their subscribers or readers or whatever you call viewers but I mean what separates number 66 from number 67 what separates number 158 from one number 159 if I'll let them say that's what I say what are the 600 best orgasms you ever had in your life stop and think about it you know okay I'll be right back okay what are they what are the 400 best meals you ever had in your life I mean I can understand what are the top 10 the top 20 once you get beyond that it's it's pointless isn't it right well maybe people want you know to go see they've already seen the top 20 they want to know what to go see next yeah I don't know I mean it's a sensual and especially when I look at the list and I see exorcist is 168 Brazil which you tell me whatever you do don't go and get it is 161 the exorcist 168 Ablaid Conela Aya 138 but the exorcist 168 never heard of them Warhu Kang along 56 because all these foreign films and here all these films that I could even pronounce the names of San touchi hero no kau kau shushi kushi 40. He can't say kuchi. San touchi hero no kana kakushi and I got to write that time is number four that's the 46 best movie ever made you see it what could you yeah but I'm a 19 and then that now the guy's gonna call back and ask if I saw snatch again number 19's fablou distan de amali poulong le poulong polon was something about chicken is number nine that's the 19th best movie of all time with 32,000 votes on this uh... i uh... whatever this data based thing is what is it San forget i'm a disrespect i'm a douce bag database so i don't know i mean you can argue but it's forever which is a you know kind of fun polo show carry and dean leading in the handsha well i'd say bobby graham is got a child in the health you know i'm surprised partly because in that i will pull if they took that we had on friday he had one percent least is consistent course you know in the handsha is in the way once and actually the new women people are going to do well john curie 25 percent howardine twenty two percent as a polo released yesterday six hundred likely voters taken june four through seven about a third of those survey said they're not familiar with dean while one and ten said that about curie so howardine's got some work to do but he's got plenty of time and more people need to find out who he is senator julee brimit of kinetic it was also right next door with only ten percent dick and heart of misery seven percent what's in your these other numbers senator john adwords of north carolina who's as boring is uh... condensed milk and representative dynas kocinich of all high word two percent senator bob Graham senator care mostly broad form of illinois and al sharp in the earth all at one percent one percent for bobby graham in iowa and in the new hamster course he's not known well their i guess but one percent can a cut it i don't think he's going to get there so let's say let's broooper howardine what he's saying i'm rooting for him i'm rooting for six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty in the rise of world of slime who do you trust the most that's our pull question today we got a hundred twenty four votes myself thirty two and of course if you're a drug addict i guess you don't trust yourself right i guess i think i'm the only uh... non drug that's not right because i'm a sugar added anybody uh... anywhere who's not addicted to something no good question we did that a few weeks ago about what's your thing and we found out that we got a whole bunch of her one addict in the audience member that which explains most of our calls but that was shocking to me which we'll be taken aback if it's to be believed kind of accept me aback a year because i am the siri gold firm of sugar refined sugar i mean i'm addicted so bad you have no idea we have some idea yeah how many pounds were thirty two fifty three trust themselves the most i trust nobody twenty seven my parents twenty three my spouse twenty one neo roger sixty but got sixteen people really looking at big time uh... my best friend or friends for more hard to get it one i didn't know more how to compete in his car he must be doing it on his laptop and the vote two George W. Bush none and my priest rabbi or minister zero all that said in it nobody trust the men of the cloth anymore not this ground that's a good picture we got there for our website and these pictures won't go up until next week so have to wait all week but how we do how we do none the other one on the amomosal picture you still work at it be sure and let us know the moment that's available to the i'm leaving that out to help with a poll okay i got to look at that i would make a nice wallpaper for your computer it morphs in full color that's it that's like even better than god and uh... what you call doctor jekyll and mr. hide here's a call from for the order deal hello good morning you got me on the craft list with my girlfriend i wait and got packed all year yeah we want to be a i told you that on the hot i was confused and she was totally confused i don't know what to what were you confused about you said it was like the best thing you've ever seen they will to meet to me that's my favorite movie of all time i grew up which part of which part i mean like how just the that's all of it or thinking back i don't know what part i was supposed to follow up with and you know that's the thing my girlfriend just looked at me like i was out of my mind you know so i mean i have the out of your mind because you later watch it yeah yeah he saved up the whole time though so there must have been interesting to her but it's a very confusing movie i guess um i guess i don't know what i was looking for i guess what what caught your attention so much what caught my attention yeah i mean all of it every part of it each one of the nine characters in it the whole i love the different story lines it all had like a simmer similar similarities to it okay the moral of the story was the moral of the story is crap happens that's the moral of the story strange crap happens and i think they tended that right at the beginning and then the narrator comes on again just before the end and tells you the same crap again that's what i tried to explain there i thought it was okay but confusing as to what i was actually looking for until it was over about crap happens but i yeah the whole time i was thinking all of these people are going to die together and uh you know as a coincidence they were going to all just be at the same place and die together something is what i thought was going to happen in that movie and that's not what happened i didn't want to let you know that i just watched the whole thing and um it was okay but it was better today now that i was thinking about it yeah i think if you watch it a second time you'll appreciate it better probably next time i have 15 or 20 sph hours watching it okay but fine how about funny side disappoint in the bell button on set or i guess we all know that was going to happen i didn't want to admit it what saw that on the news did you see i thought maybe you watched the race see nobody wants to admit that he went too fast the first quarter plus that blazing workout 574 that i had some to do with me he went too fast it's in the sloppy goes 23 and 4 in a mile and a half race and let me just tell you right now even always slow the pace down any horse i don't care how good they are 99% of the time they go too fast the first quarter especially in a race into my life they're going to puked their guts out and that's what happened to him you're pushing like the mud in the cement you're pretty pressing all of the york was all whipped up into a frenzy poor jerry barely he wins with empire maker and then comes back to the winter circle and they're all boon you know what they wanted the local horse to win all of all of the world all of america anyway we need a hero you know but we need a hero sandwich as a matter of fact i think the hero is going to become a computer near you very soon we're supposed to be a you you asshole you asshole following is an actual recording of a conversation between a porn star subscriber and a porn star advisor you've reached points to our emergency services is this can you i mean help i just been in an accident or you were injured yes it was it hurts uh it always hurts the first few times but then can you get you to it when you turn on porn star and advisors always there to turn you on when i heard i think i have a blip flash oh i love whiffs but i charge more advantage though oh my car stole well never gives these pizzas delivered hey are you the pizzas delivered right? yeah i know you generally worked together on devil's sausage at the back door volume 10 to 27 it has your deal of a getting service by porn star oh i think my head is starting to swell now i'm getting a hat i have a GPS cord and it's not going right over no no i need medical attention oh just i mean you want me to weigh my nurses uniform porn star always there always ready it's 11.05.60. W.C.M. we got the man dog at two hank is back in town he's at 21.47 the big oh seven to 10 any cave back at 10 o'clock tonight and joymark overnight and it says i'm a schedule parents jule and mark one to five so they must be doing a cross over hour and there to get their hour back okay that i do know isn't that what it says in your schedule? hum hum you're on mark one to five parents you know i well he's under a lot of stress lot of pressure can't get laid he was hitting on boner boy this morning when he was in the studio look at that phone is that it is that embarrassing or what is that typical or what of what monday no it is not to be allowed to be set in our since we've been back on ten to two man you can see it on our website you can just you can smell it we have been just having a well you know for a week looks not push it a nominal response unbeatable but now it's like well you know what you're going to do for us today they have nothing how about the ducks in the devil's uh game seven night any interest no all of a seven and jeans five and six both teams are stuck in a stick in goals in air like it's going out of style i think the ducks are going to win tonight two to one at overtime i think the ducks will win because jerry's going to play the only way jerry's can win i think is to go into their suffocating coma style you know that they're so famous for and i think it's going to mind over time two to one robby neeter my gets the winning goal ran a hundred overtime five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eighteen t and for rising wireless line this town is that is a door nail i can smell it all away up here sunny and seventy here today should point out i just mentioned that in passing who do you trust the most we asked an opponent pull hundred ninety seven votes myself 54 i trust nobody 38 my spouse 34 my parents one or both 32 the orodgers 22 my best friend or friends seven more Howard David has got six George W. Bush for and my priest rabbi or minister have got none they don't trust of as far as they could throw them nobody saw rules of attraction i don't want to get two movie intensive again but is not a shame yeah see i'm thinking of myself doing this last break like they got to just call it about magnolia if i tell you it's a good movie don't go see it don't run it don't buy it because my taste is just not like the average pedestrian taste out there just like you hated magnolia i thought it was a nice movie ever saw you didn't like it it was okay it was good so you're like you're like this other guy you sit down and you you start wanting and and you've already got a preconceived note of what it is that you want no not like that other guy see i put the disc in the dvd player i hit play yeah i sit there and whatever animals in front of me i take it in and i try to appreciate it for whatever it is if it sucks us and this really sucks it's not for me you know right and if it's weak if it's not it's good as it's supposed to be like magnolia then i say that too now like rules of attraction i don't know what to expect because this geek James van der week i don't like him in the first place i just i think there's something about him that bugs me but it turned out to be a really cute and a really funny and a really interesting and a really uh bizarre movie was strange but it was fun and i loved it i have no complaints about it now you'll go out and you'll get it maybe or you'll wash it on cable you'll say well it was it was a lot of fun but that ending was just unacceptable makeers like what happens now i don't know maybe there'll be a sequel who to hell knows what i saw that was good so i wanted to see more but uh something came up i had to take off and i haven't caught it again well i'm i'm telling you right now mark it down be in a boy that when he sees it'll say he liked it a lot but but what to hell about that crappy ending i might i need a good let me ask you this how many movies have an acceptable ending a lot of these don't think about all the ones on my list they were you sampled yeah i don't know i don't recommend it to me in like 10 years when Ross which i love riveting ending what are you talking about what a textbook example of how a movie should end where you just need a towel afterwards or he walks in the office and he's like oh no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no he might say who i didn't say who it was and see it yet but that whole last scene i i needed like a glass of water a towel and a whole compress on acceptable here's tamarack hello tamarack okay nice talk at a tamarack probably expired 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T line here's Miami hello here's my heria oh god here's my with a sock over the phone here's my and he hello okay listen i want to say thanks to Peter boy he's going to great job on the on your website job yes sure i was browsing through it and i saw those are program on sea fan with all franking and and and a writing right and he was just being credible because our franking put him on the spot with a couple of lies that are rightly said about winning a couple of b-body son what did you say the vision that he was on before i don't know the show that he was before and he put him on the spot and he was so funny to see or I think so uncomfortable and he wanted that he looked to me like he wanted to jump and then and kick this guy's fan running from everybody that was great and uh also i know more make-o is a great great movie and i and that's it that's all i got my friends okay amigo see all right he said you're doing a great job boner boy thanks for putting up those stories that i keep been you i mean what what fine at least that is when you get home from your car problems he had a little problem Saturday so the stories didn't get under what about 2 30 in a morning just about something like that but then we made up for yesterday because uh we also had a link to all the stuff you missed on Saturday just to keep you off the streets and we had a really sensational response which we're not going to get today because it never had it never continues in southward it's a one thing i've learned is that just like the thing those movie shows they get real whipped up for a day or two maybe even a few days and then it's like pulling the air out of a goddamn balloon here's Miami hello Miami yes sir yeah well i just want to tell you something about that smash movie yeah it was so funny we were 30 minutes into it it's all like this cockney slang they're a bunch of jiffies and we could understand the word of it we had to go back and put on subtitles and became a joke to see what they said we would all make like a bet on what they would thought they said and in my back to see what they actually said like putting the uh like the the close captions for the hearing impaired there was hilarious i'll be there i'm banging joy to thanks i'm not going to watch it uh speaking a Jennifer kindly remember that old koot that was saying that was sucking up to George about uh all what i once seen where she standing naked in front of the mirror and you see that little stand up i thought it was taking a shot look what that old koot no he was not he was trying to say well my good head or sexual friend George he would have relived that as opposed to you mr. Fag he would like to you know what have you what have you saying that was the best scene that i am now oh no that was now what he was saying he was just desperate but but i watched that again with a little more interest last night when i watched the movie again and she if you you don't want to see it because if you look at her from the navel down and that's seen she had lost a lot of weight by that time oh yeah man she looks nasty and that's from the you want to like just chop her off from the navel uh take the rest of her navel up her and Jared they made them both get really macyated and it was actually we're going to care and carpet her died for weeks before they made that movie because the one scene where he takes the shirt off and he goes to get her glass of water when she's like losing it right and uh he he he he he was about 80 pounds so can wet there no she wasn't supposed to be like attractive and that scene in that movie even asked to ask oh here's Miami hello hello yes sir hi how are you doing good meal okay is it now it's serious hi I got a uh renoma the on during the French open Serena was being booed by the French etc I was thinking how about next time a French player comes over here we both fix with the odourin on the court y'all been that funny no okay thank you okay five six seven oh five six eight why she I don't understand why is everything in America racial things so this I mean this was a dark and he's all worried about Serena first of all in the show we don't care about Serena about Venus about penis we don't care about uh tennis on the show and we have a really good article on the a website one of them over the weekend about the a French and about that whole silly childish thing which the rest of the world and the French people themselves look at it as being free uh embarrassingly juvenile which it was so you enjoy your freedom toast pal and maybe your girlfriend and give your freedom kiss if you're really lucky but I doubt it don't you think that was cute George what I got a headache already from these also for good god that's what this guy is worried about that the French booed Venus Williams who gives a flying crap huh Jesus Christ in Joseph all Richard Chamberlain's out of the closet what a shock that was that's about the term I whole week upside down you know Chambermaid is yeah really here's for Lauderdale hello hey how's doing yeah okay all right great movie uh um lettering for a dream you know I see this weekend and it was phenomenal all you there I'm here I'm listening well I'm soaking it yeah it's the difference between the edit addition and the not edit additions I had a idea right I got was the edit I don't watch the censored movie so I have no idea what they took out I directed the movie so hard to come by I'm looking for them all over town I can't find them you know so that's what I just want to thank you for that recommendation I love the movie oh thank god we got one happy camper thank you sir there's one guy that went out he they're bought it or he rented a restore it or something and he liked it there's one there's one like I said if I tell you I liked it to say oh wow you know you know him he don't even eat in McDonald's don't even like vanilla bean spec ice cream five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T I think my summer schedule starts as we don't it? awful fool what it does I'm pretty sure a better double-checked I calendar I have a feeling and I could be wrong I just have the feeling and the putty my stomach it's gonna be a long week but I got a whole crap load a good bedtime story sir good some pretty important stuff not as important as the French boon Serena Williams so next time some frog comes over here let's throw a bunch of crap oh my god will you get you and how come nobody's talking about the dolphins finally sign brand greasy on our sports shows I don't understand it I turn on mold this morning he's belly-yakin about the marlins this and the attendance I see to give away a bunch of crap like bubble head dolls and crap and so they had a big crowd they had 23,000 and one game and they had like I don't know they had a couple of crowds because they gave some crap away and I don't understand that I don't get it if you're not interested in something and they're giving something away that's a minimal value really when you come right down to what what's why would that give you see what I'm saying what are they giving away they were giving away some kind of bubble head doll I wanted the games then there was some other piece of crap they gave away why would you go to that if you have no interest they would be like you go in right yeah George is going to the marlin game tomorrow because they're giving away you know naked pictures of the manager of the 72 year old manager I don't it's for free it's for free just like this show 1113 at 560 WMD lights a west book has gotten great stuff for it's not for free but you're going to save a lot of cash there on your dietary needs vote the lights a west book is your super store for the atkins die to ready low-carb sugar free diet and right now they're deducing their new almonds that cakes by control carb they come in blueberry banana or plastic common each one has only one effect of gramcara's preserving or when you're there be sure and check out the lights new chop at raspberry muffin with only one gram of carbs per serving and if you like to crunch travel to the three new flavors of low carb rackachips all kinds of good stuff for you to stock up on for your atkins or low carb diet carbolite ice cream breads rolls cheesecake chockets pasta sauces or any of the other 600 low carb foods this is the place you'll find all the stuff you're looking for to keep you on a straight narrow path the lights are west booker always lets you sample before you buy it to their staff knows dining inside and out the open seven days a week ten to ten and carry the most complete line of atken brand products in the universe that are always 25% off all day every day of your life head for the number one low carb sugar free store in the universe the lights are west booker you'll find them on the northeast corner of blades in 441 right next to Boston market or call them toll free one eight seven seven low carb or check them out of the web at low carb dot com don't forget there's only one lights on west bookers your official atkins retail centers my and now a special public service announcement from the spice girls we're against this yeah remember if you're pregnant give the prom or at least leave early to go to the hospital the proceeding message was furnished by mothers against giving birth at proms eleven nineteen at five sixty w q a m five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eighty in t and Verizon world of s nine is that the thing up yet or not i guess not not it is it is up but uh it's way way way way too big so i'm gonna have to modify it and uh get it down to a chewable chunk yeah and how long is that gonna take i hopefully have too long it'll be up today but that's right reasons that we're knocking a lot of response on the phone is that people are sitting right in their receipt there from their monitors they're here right now uh they could see it right now where can they see it it's uh well refresh refresh your page you'll see i'm just going to adjust relax no now dammit oh wait a minute there it is oh no what makes you say it's too big oh no not let the size wise it's gonna take a long time for it to download the people's sights i mean to people's uh computers why is that it's like a megabyte big i understand it but how come i got it right away you might have it might have been there already they didn't even notice when oh this is this is great oh this forget about everything else okay and friends let's forget the show let's just play uh that all day and it's mozo our new cartoon character w q a m mozo the mozo man he may have lost his mojo but he sure is how god is mozo that is it's too big you're wrong the fact that it's so big that's one of the most beautiful pieces of art in the history of the internet if i do say so myself hey clearest you better start taking care of bauter boy they're okay he's doing one hell of a job on his website because prior to him arrived at on the scene this website was a piece of crap you're not was holding him here i'm saying that you know huh you're not helping him in this building by saying that what do you mean by that they hate our website in this building they hate the fact that we have it the more hits we have the more pissed off it makes that what are you talking about we get more hits in one hour than they get in a back when i got them q a m mozo well you know something like our website is there or not is not relevant it does make any difference because who now wants to go to their stupid ass website you're making the point yeah they hate that if it wasn't there it's there no problem we have to make it my problem that's there god damn you because you're jealous what cause i watch a jealous i cut a little overgrown children and sports nerds that's their problem it would bring more people to sports if not for your web now you sound like great pary right yeah we only had 40 stations doing all sports all they just imagine all the sports under zero but Carlos is hurting them by helping that website good nice going be in her boy there it is it's right under the forl picture here it is the new it works for me moso's a little slow though oh am i right is that not a great thing we've ever had in the history of our lives well some of those hot couple pictures now i'm in my own yeah maybe erin in the amy yeah okay we got one call on a board there it's going to be pretty lame if i had to go to all bedtime stories the rest of the day which i got to hate finally here i got some good stuff but i don't want to do that now do it do it do it do it do you're sabotaging the show again god damn it i'm just kidding but let's face it first thing i see is some sophomore in college we're in a pharmaceutical to you shirt as he's hitting grand slams there you go see are you going to matter where you turn it's the drugs everybody's on drugs and i'm from maybe today the drugs came in maybe that's why we're not getting no calls how did you know because uh you were told me before the show oh by the way drudgeon got some great deals for you five six seven oh five six dude this is my last attempt to elicitor response from this dead as crowd today and then i'm diving right into my bedtime stories and what's i'm not even going to stop for the commercial breaks i'm just going to go right on through i'm just going to pile drive my way through five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line either it's either either that or i'll read the top 250 movies of all time three times here's a call from tamarack hello neah good morning yes sir i got a vivolid disagree with a coordinator uh for the movie about what for the health yeah it's a great movie i love it yeah you know i did you tell you not to watch it and i will uh i didn't tell them not to watch it yeah i did you don't get it you said you won't like it you get it it's a great boy watch it yeah i spent some money i already i got a stack of movies up to the ceiling here already which i don't have any of them let me uh clarify who i am i'm the first one to recommend drugstore cowboy to you that was excellent yeah it was good on Brazil okay well i'm in i'll put it on my list i'm look i'm not going to pay that much attention to him he also told me don't forget what else he told me not to what somebody told me don't watch rules of attraction i thought it was excellent i had to be always a good movie i recommended i was the first one to recommend drugstore cowboy to you and i recommended bar fly i don't know if you saw that i don't know i haven't got bar fly yet well with with uh with the recommendation that i scored on i'm giving you the other two okay i'll put on my list because you wouldn't be the first time George was full of crap okay all right well i was i was right on uh on the other one forty you i know you enjoyed it just took cowboy correct absolutely was excellent all right well i'm i'm one for one there so go to do Brazil and uh definitely do bar fly okay thanks all right got him i'm at my list he's a little middle to the bout that i think he hates you he said it one more time that he uh recommend i am with that that's why let's say thank you and that that's it okay he's a very effective he wants me to see him and you just try to cut him off because you don't like that i didn't cut him off him nor were near the button and i like to bar fly for what it was just from john it is is bull face ly or bald face ly this is the guy that always wants me to put his PSA's on here this guy i think is this the guy i don't know in typing bull face refers to making a strong point bald face doesn't make any sense also what does that mean what does this man talking about i think the drugs did come in you know and i'm a start damn it also two movies of interest the man who wasn't there with Billy Bob Thorton and ghost world would Steve Wu Shimi enjoy not bad ghost world yeah i mean there's nothing big about it but it's a decent movie it's not big nothing like the other one so we've talked about but it's okay i don't have time for like you know i mean how many can you watch how many am i gonna go on and buy them and as well just go buy up the whole guy the mhtm v-store it was the point start a little side business and a lot of them that i'm looking for they're out of stock like train spotting i haven't seen that i can't find it they're out of it and then some of the other ones people are calling i go in there and i go to uh sams and i look into there's a lot like no such thing they never had it in addition to which there are a lot of movies that people are all whipped up to a frenzy about that aren't on dvd yet got it right just because you saw a movie on cable or somewhere maybe in the theater or maybe on a video that tape doesn't mean that it's on dvd yet they're not on dvd yet virginia hit the brick news to you but there's so damn many of them mhtt did you you could go broke to when it's like is a hobby you could be bankrupt in old time at all and forgot that there's getting paid as little as i am by the way today tomorrow's payday owner boy and and i don't understand what you let them make a joke out of that see the one they'd take her out with my pay i don't put up with that crap what you want to do walk out yeah i want you to threaten to walk out you go to clearest right now see if you don't have that check you tomorrow nine thirty tomorrow morning i'm gonna just walk walts right out the door the clearest like that i'm gonna walk right up to the right i'm gonna take mozo right off the website start a spikot line right start a spikeline right off the door our clearest is door there the best thing that is the nastiest guy damn thing when you deal with people that are making like a buck and a half an hour and to be dickened with people's pay clearance i mean just just now you're a tiff they were dickened with his pay he'd be open and up a mouth he'd be whining and making all kinds of guttable sounds and biting chewing on his elbow for some of these twenty seven past eleven five sixty w q a let me tell you about the number one Asian buffet in the world the emerald coast there in sunrise north mimey beach and their newest locations in pemberg pines if this copy were any small run had to get them on palmar telescope to read it who's the kind of this now skippy oh skippy yeah who was it that same one skippy was it this screw in that he was an imbicill a far from the way that we're greywood screw in anyway start your mouth watering your spirits in emerald coast with six different soup then sample dozens of delicious on phrase near strip made order with the gourmet center or sizzling Asian grill featuring grilled shrimp scampy style jambos scallops wrapped in bacon and their new seafood sain jaks you say with the s on the internet say jac okay if that isn't enough that there's more try their dungeon is crab and gingerman scadians and then handcar primary cook to your order and their new oriental chicken salad too and don't forget you'll never get a headache at the emerald coast because there's no msg there's no cornstarch no crab they cook all are fine cuisine only with cholesterol for your oils and the buffet at the emerald coast features a full salad bar sushi bar fresh shrimp cocktail to an adjagantic dessert station featuring pies and cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit you would usually even find watermelon on a menu at the emerald coast three locations for you sunrise pine island of forty four street columns seven and just north of one sixty three north mommy beat an intercession of flamingo and pemberg roads in pemberg pines take the family or book your next business lunch and right now all size parties be welcome let's do the cooking for it the emerald coast it is outstanding take out delivery always available to call nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two for the amazing emerald coast chinese buffet you yo let's rate for three yo big charred yes we pass the time awake in the geo jail I'm getting pound hey go see my insurance from work is okay but I know think he's good enough oh you saw right to there are no company there of our subramido is for us you say something go she wait I say so sorry not companies have coverage pick up their undercover delivery walk ah all talking I am I say too bad you're insurance a no go for enough if only there was another way so sorry I know here you because stupid duck keep ringing dongan interrupt insurance come this commercial is a stupid or a most as stupid as a commercial when you're there a it's eleven thirty three five sixty wcms who interrupted me when I was about to go into a big son of the dance about our website and what a brilliant job being your boys doing compared to how boring and terminally used to be okay I agree because I looked at a lot of websites believe you me mr. I check out a zinion website so ours is I would say one of the top 10 okay in the universe see you're giving me this big song of the answer about wow they don't see when you talk about they you're not talking about anybody that I care about I'm gonna put the people inside the building we like the people like ferrell and mad dog and Hank and joe and the mark right and who else do we like fly dandy plan and me they don't just like our website yeah even moth I guarantee loves our website but your point was that Claire should come across with some money because he's doing such a great job for us they hate that here see we didn't need to say the same thing that I just got through dispelling when you say they you're only talking about the sports mafia where he's clarinet that are responsible for his pay and Greg right and those little nerdy people out don't be not going to people who sit in that computer or who's that one kids name Josh is another Josh all the computer people are out of here when we buy our other back he's just like I Josh is still roaming around that guy Josh the one that I ran to in the elevator who loves me and by the way he wouldn't be pissed off because he likes me and he likes this show that that's Josh Cortus so I've been not talking about him to but that was Josh Cortus yeah he could go down on some of these appearances I might just go out and see him go and Josh he's a good guy that he is a good guy believe me when I tell you he's one of my kind of people I mean why don't we like that maybe he is who knows but anyway see so you're you're again being mr. negative I think you already just got a point about you I'm trying to point up point here especially on the day that we've got maybe the greatest picture in the history of the internet you're missing the point I bet you that Al Gore who invented the internet would even probably set a telegram and say be in your boy great job I bet you would do that if you knew about it that's how damn good that is that mozo the clown thing that it's phenomenal you got mo would out the teeth of what out the herpes who morphs into mozo the clown it's a phenomenal thing I bet you even always take a peek at it and I'm not sure if then I bet you there's a part of him somewhere in that warped scholar his that is actually torturing a little bit not like laughing out loud but like the who's like that you know just like that no yeah there is a part of him for you are a hard ass man to wonder in the summer tandy audience wants to kill himself I hope this summer you're just lighting up a little bit okay not anymore these World War Three to World of Zending kind of shows a lot more eating ass this year five six seven there won't be any less a lot more eating ass than last summer I'll tell you that three hundred and forty six votes and I pull already look at that who do you trust the most we are the hero that that's the way that people are a trust and less and less than they used to they don't trust anybody can't imagine why can you my self 94 there you go that's a good choice if you can't trust yourself who the hell can you trust your drug dealer you never know what he puts in that crap huh what would it find out and that right his crap of his you know that I don't want to even go into it you know that whole this whole thing about black lingo and about I see this is part of the death wish that Americans society's got for black people it just bugs me you know and it's kind of like a self-fulfilling prophecy you know what I'd be saying no what I'm talking about just chill my self 94 my spouse 72 people say they trust their spouse the most oh if they in for a surprise huh I trust nobody 68 my parents 51 Neil Rogers 31 my best friend or friends 12 George W. Bush 9 Mohour David 8 and one for priest rabbi or minister one trust their clergy person whoever that might be I think that's good that's a good sign that's a good sign they're on to him here's for a lot of deal hello yeah sir oh hey I like to talk about that game pricing I I was there last year my wife and daughter kind of set me up in the they give me a red shirt I didn't know what was going on they were all you can at me it's pretty funny maybe they knew something you didn't think they knew I'm not a man straight in the big parades coming down and there's George running down the street you know two two it was hilarious haha five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T seriously what I talk about people but a drug problem answer audience man remember we did that 12 weeks ago sir how many we were addicted what ninety percent of this people said that they have a serious drug problem they want some names and phone numbers immediately that's their problem they don't know where to get it here's plantation hello I do say plantation yes sir oh I'm sorry hey what's up Neil I'll you have a trip what is it that was it no there was a we had a call waiting there just got cut off no I figured part I think I was hanging up that was funny don't you know I see five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T I don't we don't even get to that point because as soon as they make the first sound you're like I mean every call my church is like so psychotic what it was a crank yeah and but why can't we get to the point where we find that out I got to that point he like what he said hello that's right oh see because I don't hear it as clearly as you do right what I'm saying oh I know about the fifty thousand miles away like I'm gonna say I'm out of touch with it here's my knee beat hello I took and the links my bedtime oh god see I was pompino hello pompino going once here's my knee hello changes Christ that's for cause I don't know how I'm going to follow these acts I'll give you your best shot pal alright I'll give you our give me a try but I have to say is not that interesting just don't come me up yet but uh five six seven oh five sixty finally here when you told us it was going to be terminal even though there's only one other call on the board I'm not going to listen back pompino we had every line was lit up there and I go through let's let's keep doing that about twenty or thirty times okay and it'll take us right up till two o'clock every single line was up there out of that bunch uh how many calls did we get any no no I mean like a real call as the audience once again proved and unless we're building a list for a poll they have nothing to say about anything the Hillary book is out today right right maybe they've read it up said in the in the abelmal on Saturday we got games seven a stand-up finals tonight the ducks and the devils per crime I love which if they were going to talk about hockey now would be the time that we had finally came five and six with a lot of goals and some excitement for a change even the what would the girls softball ratings and NBC beat out hockey over the weekend girls softball had more people watching than the NHL stand-up playoff what does that tell you talking about beating a dead horse what why there's a hockey team in some for an or baseball team I have no idea but you know what most is oh you don't want to be in a community that loses baseball see more of course being a Johnny come lately as no idea that somehow we survive without the marlins for a very very long time and we didn't have all of these stories about well you know Michael O'ola is Hispanic and therefore we can't afford to lose him and when Alex Fernandez pitches is going to be next to 30,000 people in the ballpark all these other theory tales we've heard it until it's coming out of our ass okay it's it's old bull crap okay mo it's like you it's old bull crap but I love your picture see I want to be in a better mood during the break something like go back to the home page you get that picture on there if I can't how can we say oh you know sorry gallery no it's very slow again just like it was the other day you want to know why because everybody's looking at that thing everybody's in the mozo it's slow loading in fact you know how they have the family zone at the ballpark with a low price seats yeah how about the mozone where outside the ballpark and how would I damn uh we already got rid of any of the dolphin how about a new mascot huh because there's a lot right if I say let's bring back to the different into play by play and we'll make more the mascot oh wow sounds good to me I can can't you just see that I'm just him flitting up and down I also threw the stadium during the ballpark and looking at the minks that we have hanging over loose shoulder over here and thinking because you know he's got to have a get up now were you there the days that I actually put that on my hand and what I was and and and I think he he liked it he he was thinking about borrowing it where did you get that one can I can I have that four week or two 1142 at five 60 WQ and if you're fat and believe me most of you are okay I don't even have to see a most you are fat you've tried the atkins you tried the astill man you've tried the grapefruit diet you tried the this serigol hard diet you've tried them all balance for life is something you ought to try because this just might be the piece of cake for you without the cake no cooking no shopping no cleaning no figuring anything no calorie counting no carb counting no worries just great results to wait pours off your body and you'll be satisfied because this unlike the other programs keeps you full plenty of food and that little black sack that they delivered you're door every day by six an a m plenty of food to keep you happy all day long three delicious gourmet meals two delicious snacks are in your black sack and you get to choose between two choices for each meal every day that it's run to program so unlike some of these programs where they give you the little tiny containers of artificial ingredients and chemicals in the tiny box for a perikey forget about that everything is fresh delicious using the best ingredients and it's good for you too so forget about all that fat forget about the being out of shape and the third you can diabetic and those tent size clothing that you wear let balance of a for life help you once and for all column today and find out what this is all about this might be answer you've been looking for for years call nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or get more information about it on their website balance for life dot com my my my my my my my my my my my this is for 20 five sixty two eight yeah tell it down your kilomari coming up on the next boy and date hi I'm Roger Lodge let's take a sneak peek at Eugene and Edna's unadventful unexciting bland date and I feel a while me I like order for both of us yeah I know where we'll have few slices of white bread and a couple glass of water please no ice in mind please I could tell you like a parting wow things about the heat up when our in separate couple hops in the cab on their way to give each other massages at the sexy spa I must say I'm glad I brought my bunion when it's for our massage I can't wait oh look measure golf let's go there instead oh you're pressing all my buttons tonight sister driver follow that windman hubba now the moment of truth we'll add then Eugene say good night or will they get that party started hey would you like to come inside for a drinking pool in a little fun and game I don't know I've got hot old teen and scrabble wow take me good boy oh we're back that's right I don't all new bland date rules of attraction sex drugs and rock and roll seat a boner boy comes up with a movie called kids it's got like about to eight year old kids doing stuff and I can't believe you're throwing that at my feet what do you mean by that just going get at your face I'm throwing it not if you're from throwing a right a year back though you're like that he just caught it I told you do not watch that movie other one that stopped you know what it saved you from how to watch that crap yeah what the hell are you talking about you're the one I recommend it then I should go out and get that and go and bully did George recommend kids not me I'll never stop no you're the one the bullies yeah right which he hit me to that and that sucked it was awful but you're the one who said oh if you're like that you'll love kids and gumo they're they're sitting on a shelf and you're I'll be more to glad to stick up to you for no extra charge don't ask them see what Claire just don't say he said he's got your check in his yes and the only way you're going to get it is with your teeth he said he was checking his ass sex drugs he did say that he said he was checking his ass to see who's elbow that wasn't there anyway this rules of attraction not a really good looking guy and here who is in the beginning and then we don't see him again to delivery and I don't want to give it away victor okay but I will just say this the Shannon so some on who plays Lauren she's with a black hair she's a cute I see I'll give it away and then nobody will watch it don't give it away no I don't care but the whole movie she's like in love with the victor and then he takes off and he goes to europe and he goes to London and goes to Amsterdam and he goes to Paris and and to Venice and to Rome and Florence and we see tourney into the movie we see this really neat montage of scenes where he's screwing his brains off and he's yanketed in the shower and he draw these other things in Europe okay we see a lot of scenes of Amsterdam and in the Italy then he comes back home and she shows up she's been turning everybody else down during the movie that wants to score you see what I'm going to get where this is going no where's the call she's waiting for victor she's waiting she's saving over genetic her picture and she shows up at victor's door and he opens the door and he starts naked inside there's some bimbo dancing on his bed start naked also with an american flag painted over so we certainly can't see certain things but anyways who the how are you you follow what I'm saying exactly as if he had he don't remember this bitch and she's been pining away the whole god then we'll be turning everybody in town down waiting for victor to come back and of course victor at this point is you know with all the sets of the drum so you fact me the story which we already had on our website but there is something really interesting about it new handshire episcopadians elected an openly gay man is the next bishop Saturday which we had on our website over the weekend but a historic vote in a church deeply divided on the issue of homosexuality the selection of Reverend V. Jean Robinson 56 was chosen over three other candidates in voting by new handshire clergy and lay episcopadians of wouldn't say it is still subject confirmation next month by the church's national general convention the confirmation is likely to be a heated battle with international implications Robinson drop position for many in the angler can come into the world why and here's the interesting part because I knew there would be one the Reverend David Jones director of Saint Paul said he was thrilled with Robinson selection even though he recognizes that the Bible speaks against homosexuality he said you're gay the spirit works through that man so who am I to say God's not supposed to do that Reverend Jones said how did that make that up Reverend Jones was not one of your favorite people I take it you're gay just because he calls 40 50 times today you take these things personal I don't yeah right I'm used to it after about 100 years of it because I get paid tomorrow a lot of money five six five six seven five six punk let's see I really do I really don't care I keep saying that and you don't believe it either I'm laughing at Carlos why what's he doing now these are wishing you the food for what what was your mentioning payday tomorrow it's a store subject within oh somebody lend back to him well if he keeps parents is no side of there it might take you up one of these days I think it was muffled kind of like didn't he didn't he say that off the year that one morning he said that was a real pain in the ass didn't he tell us that and that was just about the time that does start going for all of my exams here's North Miami Beach hello God are you boring North Miami Beach hello yes sir okay yeah I saw a road of attraction and I thought it was okay it wasn't great but it was good although the first the opening scene in the beginning where the chick that you were just talking about is like saving yourself you know for the certain guy this party right and he ends up going to bed with another chick so she ends up settling for this other guy she was talking to the film student guy remember the scene yeah okay and he's a she and she's the way that she passes out and when she wakes up he's filming her and some other guy right and she and saw the guys doing her right and she's like all got her up my virginity to some loser and then he throws up on her that was pretty good yes she she deserveded I think basically when he gets an end in the movie and see what a loser she turned out to be she doesn't even know she was cute she does that I agree that was that was pretty funny though and um you did see that one brief scene of male nudity right when pictures going through yeah okay well anyways I thought you might enjoy that um another thing about some of the reason possibly people aren't as uh like doubt about uh reconnism as you are and most people for smart people anyway as as great a movie as it was it didn't have a very you know pleasant ending no what I mean well I mean well I don't think the godfather had a pleasant ending either did it did any of them any of the three god fathers believe it or not no don't hate me but I've never seen the godfather I don't think network had a pleasant ending no no unless you didn't like Howard Veal I mean there are a lot of great movies that don't have a pleasant ending because uh you know I mean so white you know if you want to see fairy tales stuff like that those have pleasant endings but the real life doesn't always have a pleasant ending yeah but you know what it's like I don't know for especially for people that didn't some way can relate to any of the characters in Requiem like you know whether it's a diet pills or drugs whatever at the end of the movie or sugar you left feeling like oh my god that's you know screwed up you know as great as the movie was it's like whoa well I mean but it's but it's just a movie it's not like you're watching it because you're waiting for a commentary on your own life in fact that that's part of it because we all have the our own things that were hooked on and you can you can relate to it no I agree but that we can say well gee at least we still got both arms I think and at least they you know we're not in some kind of an old-a old folk song right yeah well it's the only bad part is we're not doing an ass to ask okay thanks a lot pal that's what Carlos said not doing bass dance with parents yet did you notice were you ever even dropping on a conversation where Carlos was in it before the show this morning when I said something about ass to ask for his ears perked up I could I could hear the uh yeah the perking of his ears all the way up here I was feeling a little crowded I had to stand up and go to the room as as as clear as was talking to you he was getting a little heat stover for that instrument that roar left behind then I knew that your ass was in big trouble and I do mean your ass heard a zipper and I won't runny wow he is desperate you know any at least one thing I'll say for Carlos you know lie about it you know he can't get laid he ain't gonna get laid and it's just that's not in the cards right in fact I think Clara said I had a one thing in common sex with women is not in the cards for either one of us my life and love this is for you five six years you and yeah well it be that well the one hour on WQA or lack this is Carlos kneeling or here I see I take their place oh I forget to pay open bit today we put them at pole yeah the pole will be your favorite operating system what is your favorite operating system when does 87 when does 95 when does 98 200 NTE when does XP ROL when does me or not realize they go through for no black wear oh oh oh oh oh they're not even there today so it's part of the two oh no mother performance piece I have been sleeping for years and another thing like you just throws it and I had to count how to his wimmy hey hey you I hate you I hate you too I hate you too I hate you too please grenade hit well they're got me there you realize that that we have those new to one it opens and it just dawned on me I guess some little slow just because we're back to 10 to two right and we got our one to two our why can't we play the new to one stuff oh no exactly in fact I'm looking now for the dim iliana gross latent in the rosanna danithing and I play that every I got to hear some work as I've played it one you can play that every hour because that one fits with any god damn I'll find it the bitch so what's your brother the ghosty movie do you like better scared to death or the devil bat go the reason I'm asking that is because I bought this way back when in the beginning when you start talking me into buying all these DVDs right I bought this fellow ghosty collection volume one because Dracula's not on DVD yet okay and even if I were while with the quality be right they digitally remaster who the hell knows plastic and put all kinds of extra extra in your stuff on but anyways not available so here here are two movies that I never heard of scared death in the devil bat with bellolagosi who is one of my favorite people now you have that up there with you I take I haven't my hand right now not why why why want to borrow it but obviously not scared to death on DVD for the first time masters from a restored original 35 millimeter theatrical color print they're doing some wonderful things with that as a matter of fact what they did with metropolis is phenomenal original released 1946 with bellolagosi George Zuko net pedalton molly lament and davlamot and lemongrass than the shadow and then the devil bat 1940 I don't know it's one of those you have to be just in the right mood I guess to pop in there all of that stuff do you you're like rules of attraction believe me it's your kind of you want like the ending see this is what gets me now that although the guy wasn't saying he felt that way but some people won't like the ending of the right being happy ending that's not the same as I just I decent good ending yeah well rules of attraction doesn't have any ending okay it ends you know that one bit I was playing the bokeh Brian bit how it ended no no that that's how the hell I'll brace myself like he's in the middle of a sentence well I mean it doesn't make any difference with our tell you or not because you won't know when it's going to happen right but like he's at that and then that's it and then you go to the closing credits and you say what what all right here's the fact is I loved all the movies you've talked about see I'm enjoying the movie thing because it's opening up to me and maybe it's a selfish thing and then the people out there who hate movies or just a bunch of sour pushes oh gee this is good and so I've been podrick I don't give a crap under its potter is you're not I've heard your material today what it is the usual a chambai I've heard what have they got what do they want it was George was a gay day kind of mighty man talk about a bunch of overgrown children you wonder why America's in the shape that it's in and we got a moron for present you wonder god see one of the problems we have with this show for the last 70 or 80 years is that we've got a lot of amateur comedians out there who think because the show is amusing at times and sometimes very amusing that they're amusing guess what you're first mistake okay you're not amusing you're not funny you're not hysterical you're not a panic you're not you know if you if you were you have your own show but most of you are not that guy with his uh is like I think that was Reverend Jones doing his own voice ahead of me I mean who else could be possibly so stupid I mean I mean I'm even given him like a little publicity with at the fiscafaggan store either you're gay and he's still can't control himself put on your baseball catch stuff in your ass go to pompot o park even though there's no live racing down to the fall and see if thick find bergle talk to which I doubt he's probably gone anyway if he's smart for the summer time and everybody out of there for the summer time yeah gone you with you with things though anyway here's the two movie suggestions from this facts here from Greg uh Donnie dark O and I see then all these list of the top movies ever right and um I tried I tried to rent that once and somebody had to put the wrong DVD inside the box oh god are you serious I I am I would go back to that store and I would just take a big dump right on a counter guess what was in there oh Donnie brascos Donnie brascos was in Donnie dark close enough god almighty I'm died I can't get over but what I already close yeah but I've already seen it so Donnie dark Donnie dark no Donnie dark along the lines of the mental records is strange but great oh I like strange I do like strange so these people that are all along what did it mean now yeah forget about that just sit back and enjoy we've talked about this for years every one of these pseudo intellectuals or a little amateur hour type of they want to go there and they want to analyze it okay if you want to analyze something go see clearance he's in our busy see I chop myself off there because we were coming up to the top of the hour there when I talked about neither he or I's in a car that haven't sex with women but in his case or with anybody alive poor clearance you might actually be getting paid on time for the fact that he's so desperate and he wouldn't put out I thought I'm girl he went out with once yeah the one that he bit on the arm no one's differently and what happened I don't know what happened she was cute though very cute and I don't know and he wasn't oh and number two American psychosis I love this movie and Greg I loved it too it was great what was it got to play in that Ethan Hawke no not Ethan Hawke and American psycho I didn't see it say oh you didn't see American psycho I know that's odd and I have a camera birthday no I love he was like a camera birthday is very good though I was an excellent movie see we're doing a lot of public favor and all these people that are seeing some of these movies they never saw before we're doing a tremendous public service which probably isn't as entertaining as chambha but we're doing a best weekend okay with limited budget here's our poll question that I who do you trust the most 449 votes my self-hundred twenty seven good for you my spouse 94 I trust nobody 88 my parent 63 the orodgers 38 you know other trips we should put them under my bookie but we didn't huh not on put that a thankl vote my best friend 16 George W. Bush 12 whole hard day of the nine and my priest rabbi or minister has only two votes out of 449 votes pretty lame audio clergy people out there there are your crap there are your charade that wouldn't trust you as far as they can leave you they had us to test it on the news over the weekend that since the uh... the arachatac there's been a 250% increase in child diarrhea in arachar's that you know how do they measure that you know how it like in leaders or in courts and calendar of short-later's oh god here's my any hello yeah sir it's me hey I don't know if I may call and told you this but uh there's more evidence that uh good things are coming to your radio station the most of those billboards are gone yeah and what about the rest of them and they need to change yours so the right time is on there nobody but his mind still up here's up mine is still up and Moses gone how do you like that it doesn't take a while but time to see the handwriting and writing on the billboard exactly hey what I need asking other questions uh you know there's a different types of movie doors are you the kind of goes to the movies when they first come out or do you wait for them to come out on cable or for just buy them on DVD no i wait till they come on cable or a DVD and George you're the opposite right you're going to come out depends he charges got kids so he takes his kids to you especially when his older daughter was younger all the punky you know like the uh the the the whatever he's you know if it uh some big spectacular all the things he had the theater otherwise await there's the lost arachatac or star uh you know that's the trap you got the kids i got the kids to it you know what can't sit down i can't wait for college comes yeah you guys later thanks me okay pal thanks yeah he don't want to go see those punky little movies just entertain his kids he's a third of that crap how many times did he watch on Colby miss anyway let's see for all none not more these pre i think you make these up you know speaking of the billboards yeah i hasn't seen yours uh coming to work in a long time it's apparently been replaced by billboard that says Jesus is a Jew hmm oh okay uh how long did you think they were gonna be up there anyway i mean this cheap ass of it it's a miracle we got anything at all so and i'm just gonna excuse you line up now we have to wait because there's a waiting period you know what do you think jeez brace the grains can tuck you retired roman Catholic priest who admitted the molesting 21 children for decades pleaded Monday to more abuse charges meaning today are we had the story last week and now we got more the Reverend Louis Miller who was at the forefront of the Louisville arts dicey sex abuse scandal and it is uh plea in old County Circuit Court to 14 felony counts of indecent and immoral practice involving eight children's the victim seven boys and one girl all were under 15 when he led to abuse to a place between 1972 and whatever because there's a thing missing they had been members of these saint all alo wishes perish in paui vally where Miller been an associate pastor in paui isn't he's pana mall over Miller was the first of four priest or former priest who faced criminal charges in Kentucky last year and the beat goes on maybe fry all their asses even though the public now is on the bigger they had bigger fish to fry like the new Hillary book you know something i'm not gonna get it good no i every was i was gonna go out after the show today and go to the huge books through over here and i'm not gonna get it yah yah yeah there's not gonna be anything in there in fact every story that are read on the internet about it including the one that we got on didn't we put one on beiner boy i'm pretty sure we did yeah christian bail by the way is the name of the american cycle guy he was excellent he was a killed me seriously about how the whole here it is news day analyst telleries book aims to alter image with the much hyper least today of her memoir Hillary bottom-clinton seeking is one poster put it a second chance at a first impression but this moved is not coming up political risks and it goes on about this and about this goes on for pages and it's on our website it's always been difficult for her to have a second chance to make her first impression that's been the problem for her increasing we she enjoyed her most favorable ratings doing what were her likely her worst years the two year period in nine well that's the sympathy vote when boba it was doing the monical winski's right boba in the bj by the way don't forget the arraggers dot com dot just vote on our pool but be sure and scroll down those neat pictures on there for the new station mascot mozo and fact maybe maybe that's a new billboard campaign or just that I think that's a great idea oh you're in the mozone with mozo to clown I gotta go back to this again I gotta have another fence and it's dusty sidekick I just think the district right now that it could be mozo why is this thing so slow and it you might know why I know one because they're all looking when you get off our game website so I can see it here we go come on there he is oh the colors are so vivid and massive on that thing it's just it's just amazing it's like he glows in the dark maybe we didn't have a mozo wristwatch that glows in the dark he lights up in the dark oh you know they have those 3D things like those cards that depending on which way you look at I'm right you know like right all cards that you see over the pictures right there you go oh I love it just imagine the possibilities 12 13 at 560 WQ I'm out there a lot of great possibilities of getting you into a great new vehicle at an unbeatable price when you do your vehicle shopping at Hall of Pontiac GMC where you'll talk to our good close personal buddies, Tom Laman and Joe Pareto the sales manager and lots of other really nice people too the reason that Hall of Pontiac's been in that same location for over 35 years is because they make great deals there's no high pressure, no BS and they're nice folks to do business with an unbeatable combination and as far as your credit is concerned you don't have to have perfect the credit to be able to cut a deal at Hall of Pontiac at Hall of Right now check out the area's biggest selection of 2003 GMC on-voys, on-voys excels you, cons, you, con, excels, and denalities nobody's got a bigger a better selection than Hall of the certainly nobody's got better deals waiting for you they've also as you to expect how to great selection of pre-owned cards, Parkstness UVs so for the biggest selection of GMC SUVs, Neil Deals and lots more see our good piezons at Hall of Pontiac GMC 13411 South Tixie Highway their legendary net spot on US 1 right across from the falls open every day 7 days a week if you want more info on either great deals called the Neil Deal Hotline tool free 1 AAA 53444211 1 AAA 53444211 and be sure to mention you heard about here on this program because you'll see me even more because our friends at Hall of Art are not ashamed to be a loving and show and you folks out there Hall of Pontiac GMC they really be professional great box news here the world we really like to fuck you oh yeah box news here the world we really like to fuck you we really like to fuck you're fine looking fascist and the perfect little Nazi I want to live their copy through your soil panties and this nothing you who's looking slug and sweet laughing your lips like an copier roast me box news here the really like to fuck you oh yeah box news here the world we really like to fuck you we really like to fuck you you have a thing on your kind of leasing to the bitch you want to tell you three ways you really don't you're a thing about that little pig grows puppy tree your tongue I'll bet it tastes like bubble gum see you next time you need a story since it takes a dip bubble to make you come box news here the world we really like to fuck you you from my 10 at 5 60 WQM five what is it 497 votes then here 500 who do you trust the most myself 139 I spouse 102 I trust nobody 96 my parents 71 the orang's 43 my best friend or friends 21 George W. Bush 14 more how I David it's got nine and my priest rabbi minister only two so everything's finally coming into a shape here today after a kind of a week start and things are rolling along starting to get some pretty interesting faxes and low and behold only moments ago faxes comes over to machine not from you but directly from norma kent more self-aggrandizing local team goes to bed about how the marlins made history this week when it became the first major american professional sports franchise to let it belong to a long-term advertising contract with a major gay newspaper the express and pop pop pop pop pop pop pop and effort to get the soft lotus sports fans to whatever ain't gonna work now waiting till you see the rest as part of the advertising package the marlins are received a quarter page ad each week in the express from now till the end of the season the ads began running last week now here's the here's the piece of resistance okay ready ready the team is also given miss can't extort tickets to the first as promotional giveaways on his popular morning drive radio talk show air daily on w ffl fourteen hundred a.m show and i was at a miss printer's it that i thought it was ftl's ffl they change the colors and i can't do difference the show celebrates his first anniversary this week and his broadcast each morning live from the florentine at fourteen tenies last all this boy or four love to it don't even say it's only on for an hour like a tonight and how many listeners it's going to be his popular morning drive it on or my just it just it tears my gut so man it just so said i didn't care about the marlins before i would that release i don't care about them now and i never will care about the money like i used to way back at the beginning until they started jerking all the fans around and screwing around at the usual soft lotus shuffle oh well we can't afford this and we can't afford that but you know it's the same old crap you know but because the advertising in norms newspaper was the part of what you care about the uh... uh... marlins now oh god all my yeah exactly comma inducing comma inducing no wonder mocherned of a clown five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t and and for why the world is lying his popular morning drive show folk here's a call from pop in oh hello hello yes sir you yeah let's meet what happened with me don't you what's the waste yet a white get the word blow job i ever seen i was at the hospital i was the one that prep to the okay great you don't want to prep to who was it must he's a one-in-prep must respect them five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t and for why the world is lying oh here's a call from green acres hello hey with us now yes sir are you doing okay hey i don't have any movies to talk about man i got a book i want to talk about those yeah uh... called jarhead it's uh... marine name was Anthony swaffard and he was a marine in the uh... first call for that's like i don't know it's kind of a contrast to what you see on MSNBC with uh... you know the wall of fame you know the honor and all that you know it's like you know it's just he just gives uh... a real good insight into like what it's really like for the people on the ground you know it's talked about a couple times that he pisses pants he talked about it in the sights and stuff like that i think it's a really good book and that you've got it what's in here again jarhead jarhead go by Anthony swaffard okay all right man i got it i'm done thanks pala you're done five six seven five sixty pound five sixty out of eighty and two and rising by the sun here from a lot of people today that got turned down at the gate a's in a land of this weekend you know this we got a run on us no turned away for being a little bit too here's my amy hello sir wondering if he's who got a chance to watch another movie called another delivery from the same actor from uh... american side though what is it called equilibrium now it's a new really came out a couple weeks ago to get a chance to go ahead and rent and it's a pretty good movie about after war war three mankind tries to control human emotions that he takes him type of a drug that would control human emotions uh... therefore he's everybody's pretty much like a robot some cop which is the type of american cycle stop picking a drug and uh... you know tries to free mankind kind of like a major kind of thing but uh... not so side by if you know what i mean if you can't just go ahead and rent it i think it's a pretty cool morning okay thanks all right five six seven more movie intensive again today basically a lack of anything else yours even on the bedtime stairs today for a small number of being a boy he he noticed yeah i do and probably was probably was well-releaved to see that well sometime on a weekend i get highly motivated there was so much good stuff especially saturday saturday effects him all of these really great stories i'm waiting breathless there keep checking every couple hours to see when they go up there on the website and i keep checking and i keep checking and it's all a Friday's crap is still on there what a call to you but i didn't know if you know like if you actually check you might have told me uh... who cares what does that mean who cares why why would i send them to you if i didn't care i mean there's no i know i know you care but why would i know what i waste hours and hours at least maybe 15 minutes i mean the hours of my time scouring every website in a history of mankind try to find interesting and provocative and worthwhile crap for our very very worthwhile website if i didn't care no but if you know right once i'm fed you didn't call us good don't call me i don't want to be called you know unless it's like something really or shaking don't call me anybody please okay i love having a side of that phone not ringing oh you know i mean listen to that oh i like that i'm not hearing the phone ring five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line of very spastic very weak Monday here this morning maybe maybe this was the week that they all officially started bailing out you think yeah they're uh... their car their yard remember it was raining oh and also speaking of uh... technical stuff whatever happened after Friday we are streaming again or we haven't had any complaints so we can only some are we back up streaming on our website or not folks we need to find out and let me see let me see if a lin has the email me yet because she absolutely would be right there on top of things uh let's see here's a message in my inbox it says took a long time to load in but worth all i she's talking about the uh ha ha thanks lin no reply needed she talking about the uh mower the mower's own picture and she wouldn't know about it if she was was listening got it we're streaming again folks oh back on well worth a wait and where did that come from one of our listeners and the same on who designed that covered that i'm sure is going to be the cover of our the CD different person i thought you just didn't need to say before was the same person no what i had said i thought that there might have been confusing it's the same bed the the that's the on the great thing is the same guy that that's doing all the other covers but not the same guy that did the bozo that's all thanks thanks to both of mochanus especially whoever did the bozo thing no the mozo is a spectacular that would be our sworn all over south for it from it 27 past noon in qa and by now you've been here in this talk about laments aras and how laminated wood flooring from laments aras is the easy low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring laments aras is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from all the top names period or per go willson art unifluor and quick step they've got all the top names in the universe installed by per go certified installers here's another reason why i got a call laments aras their prices will absolutely floor you right now you can get there some special for just nineteen hundred ninety five bucks you heard it right just nineteen hundred ninety five bucks from two three hundred eighty square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring it is absolutely un-delightable it is and laments aras will match any legitimate written offer two for a free in hummus to be called laments aras tool free from anywhere one eight seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six what could be easier free carpet disposal free furniture moving a twenty five year warranty and years and years of beautiful easy care laminated wood flooring call laments aras today tool free one eight seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six we're supposed to be a five six you a m played it from our good friends at ointacart the travel as thin calarado that's the place to go if you like skiing imagine for a moment you're on the slope you put your knees together bend slightly forwards and then you grab your pole while you put the other hand on the edge of the table this is unacceptable who wrote this I think it was high not miss this code I know who's responsible for this sabotage this is the handy work and I thank you to poof and that train quantum and monkey it is the jokes on them well have you know I got connections in who you're send me you'll see you now thanks get over Godfather what do you know what do you say more I'm most to be calls the prince what can I do feel on the day of my father's abortion I'm here to the man that you grant me a favor I want to sink in ahead on new rushes when have I done to be treated with such disrespect oh God father at the end of my rope every day they got me rated it using my name and vain and just making fun of my veins I shouldn't have written to you and we can I do you can act like a dad you know who I am you're an n who deserves respect for his addicted to the biggest college baby train I already live in paradise you don't talk to a man like boy I would like that I want you to take care of our friend Mr. Moe over here to a pop okay take your pants off Ella let me show you good time could you hands off me a big dummy okay dumb dumb you're stupid yeah but not like they say give me a hand here where you look at the plane I'm on a big train 하고 calling these bother keep okay Does everything normally happen!?eston Two hundred sixty four twenty six to one five sixties diskut get the Mad Dog at one at the two who see force I have it Wouldn't pay great if you wanted to come in wonder- Mad dog to the four they uh... Hank is back from the bountuan two to four to start the outer four to what seven one of it is the chueless What's 7? Oh! Any K-102 and Jill Markov and I 1-5-2-5-1 over to Hilly Showa. Lots of calls about that dumb-on-on-on. And that's good because people are called out horse racing, harness racing, thru-bord racing, all of us over the age of 100. Nobody wants to hear that. Old Cockers at the track. 5-6-705-60, palm 5-60 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. Which you disappointed funny-sided-man? Oh yeah, crushed. You were disappointed. It would have been fun to have a hero to have something. Huh? They have a little something good even if it's a horse. What's that my horse? Well, who gives a crap, okay? So you're not going to make all of that money that he would have made. Plus it isn't ready, he evolves anyway. Here's Pointin' B, Chilo. I was there that he lost. How big are you, Pern? I was there, then, honey. Honey, sorry, funny-side-law. Honey, sorry, yeah. Do you think that voice had a chance of the- If the- We're in the ring here, he was morning on a year with a first call on a Farelle show. This morning chronic chronic- Oh, that voice, that sound, that voice. I can't take it. How exactly are real prosperous day on a phone today? Not a overwhelming response, but I still say, I don't care what anybody says there. Those voices, those chronic, they just kill me. Don't you know that voice? Yeah. Dole, that dull sound, that dull thought in your ears, You sing, oh no, not again. Not that voice again. See what I'm talking about, old cochars at the track. It'll take for a little while, and another week or so, and he'll be on all these chronics. He won't put him on. And you want him to lie, he doesn't need him. Showed, he's, pills, uppers, downers. See, that's what he's got going. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50. I hit you on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello. You got- Yes, sir. Okay, a couple of things. First of all, on the billboards, the Mohour Hillboard on the term hike, actually has just been moved to the other side of the term hike. It's as the last Friday, your ears on the term hike is still there. It's always been, but most has just been moved to the other side. So it's still there. It's still there, just on the opposite side. It's- Hey kids, are you ready? They still have the old times, I'm sure. The old times, and all the symbols of the schools as well. You all have that, all that's intact still, yeah. Okay. And also, a written for a Dream Update, at the Best Buy, and the number of mine there are my hobby. Yeah. On sale of the directors cut, $9.99, great price. Really? Yeah. And I thought one of them, so there's four of them as far as I know. Okay, gorgeous. Yeah. Yes, sir. I'm sorry. I want that thing. There's a great DVD coming out, being released tomorrow. The original length cut of, once upon a time in America, almost four hours long. Oh, it's coming out tomorrow? Yeah, yes, tomorrow. The release date tomorrow. I'll be there standing online. All right. Thank you. Thanks, pal. That's great. Cause that, that four hours long, isn't that good? Oh, yeah. No, seriously. It's a good movie. There aren't too many movies that are worth sitting for four hours in watching. You have to watch it all one sitting, although it does take something away when you get up and go take a big dump. But no, that's what's in. And that's another one that you keep telling me the ending is okay. And I'm telling you the ending is there is no one. I was the only one in the high. And of course, it was after four hours. I might have been asleep when the ending came around. There could have been it. The directors cut, once upon a time in America, with Robert De Niro and Ryan Bloom, James Wood. James Wood's in his Zitz, talking all over the place from that garbage truck. And the very young, not even using her real name, Jennifer Connelly as a some little punk. But that's right. Jennifer Connelly is in there in the very young brand. Jennifer, a Carlos looked it up because we were wondering why we didn't spot that before. Oh, that's right. That's right. Jennifer Connelly in the brand Bloom. It was like, yeah, he kept looking through the wall in the toilet. That's stuff. Five six five six seven. Five six seven. Five six the pound five six the on the AT&T. Don't forget if you missed the beginning of the show rules of attraction, editor list. Vina Boy hasn't seen it. George hasn't seen it. Vina Boy still hasn't seen Magnolia. You've got a lot of movie watch and a lot of awareness, which I gave them, gave them both as a matter of fact, Magnolia's do back tomorrow. So that's that gets puts you into a corner. You're like in a box now in corners. You write into a box. Kind of like a way clearance. Had you this morning. So no more excuses. No more car breakdowns. No more sad stories. Tonight's the night from Magnolia. You got it. Got it. Maybe Wednesday. I'm actually just an idea if you have like dinner with a fancy restaurant tonight before you watch it. Don't be able to know frog legs. Here's a lady in Boiton Beach, hello. Hello. The lady in Boiton Beach is gone. We haven't had one female. Hello, Roger. Hello, there she is. Okay. Oh, it scared to hell out of me. Uh, speaking of provocative and interesting. Yes. I'm going to talk about the story in the Palm Beach Post today on the front page. I haven't been to the right. It's a set of foundations moved to West Palm Beach Ring's bell. Richard Melon's case. Organization is moved to Palm Beach. Oh, great. So right before a election it mentioned some other organization that moved here from winter part and they defeated the anti-gay bill. So you might find that of interest when you get around to it. Okay. I'll go on the website and during the break. Okay. Thanks to the bad news. Bye-bye. See you. I'd like to like that Richard Melon's case. Those for our visit are right wing lunatics coming upon beach. See used to be the places where we would always be like in the Southern California, like an orange county or in Arizona. All the real radical far right wing groups. Now to welcome it a floor right though because that's where they assume the biggest crime. Yeah, all of them. The hanging chads. All the crap. Ever check out the Palm Beach Post website? No. About about twice a year to some good crap on there. Here it is, Palm Beach Post.com. Voucher students back in public schools, West Palm Beach climbers to block noise wall, breaking news. Is real. Oh, by the way, how do you like the road map? Oh yeah. Can't get there. Oh. Can't get there from here. For many words. Dox decline in midday trading. You see the thing about Richard the Melon's case? Americans in Europeans, flee like Beirrier capital or have a few problems there. Okay, so you haven't seen FBI drains, Merlin, Pond and Antrax probe. We better check that out. What's the thing? Okay. But I don't see squat about Richard Melon's case. Well, either Binabore will find it as somebody will fix it in. Or not as a case maybe. 1241 at 560 WCM don't forget everything. I'm sure soon or later. Finds its way to South Florida. I'll tell you a great place and that's the pizza lot. They got two locations for you. How's Jeff doing? You heard from him lately? Not lately. Well, why not? Spoke from Friday. Back in for food, but he was busy. Ha ha ha ha. Are you serious? Yeah. Well, Carlos was a... Yeah, he said that could go in crazy. It's crazy with a crazy with business. That's what he says to you. That or you just don't want to go over it. No, that wouldn't be the case. He loves to you. You guys can get the free plugs on here and go and tell us how his sex stories. For hours and hours and hours all of them true. Maybe that's what he's been real busy doing. And any right. I'm sure he's been busy cooking up all kinds of great stuff for you folks. In daily of no all places on university drive. Between Griffin and 595. Right behind Perwood imports. They're an legendary location of pizza lot of Plaza with tons and tons of free park in for you. They got three different kinds of pizza. Including the extra spicy food. Gaza pizza. And they got calzones and seafood and veal and chicken. And super subs in the best garlic rolls in history mankind. I always talk about how the garlic rolls are just dripping with garlic. Some people don't like that. So if you tell them, you know, very light on a garlic. They'll do that for they serve it up to you anyway. You like it in the food too. And the prices are so ridiculously low. You can take the whole family. The whole office. They're over and over again without breaking a bank. 9 5 4 9 1 6 80 80. That's the number to call for take out delivery or catering. 9 5 4 9 1 6 80 80 or implantation. The newest pizza loft out in West Broward. Now he'll in sunrise right beyond the Walgreens. 9 5 4 3 8 2 9 99 same great deal same delicious food. Same fresh goodies that I'm believe will go to low prices. The pizza loft in prestigious plantation. 9 5 4 3 8 2 9 29. 9 5 6 9 9 9 0. This is for 20 life city. You way. Oh, here's calma colale the former Iraq image. of a collale the former Iraqi Minister of Information with a sports update. Hello, sports fans! How about those Detroit Tigers? Waaaaaaaaan! Nelly, they're really hitting their cover after ball, huh? They continue their unparalleled reign in first place, with an unbroken string of supreme victories. Oh, Dr. Data Ponents are wetting their tiny jacks to that in fear. Then, good, go! Oh, go! Wait, that's your look at sports! These are more harm inside, he does a hot thing! We shall cut you into pieces like a snake! We'll stay tuned to this station for more updates from the Iraq's Minister of Information! Rumorist parents has talked at him to replace the beast and a feral show in a morning that's what I'm hearing. Here's that story, foundations moved area concerns, liberals. Did you find it, Bonner Boy? No, yeah, I'm still looking. Oh, I got it. The so-called vast raring conspiracy has touched down in Palm Beach County. The skate family foundation moved its home office your last month of West Palm Beach to continue its mission of strengthening families and promoting animal welfare. Oh, right! Since the 1980s, the foundation was headquartered in the same Pittsburgh suite with three other family organizations headed by billionaire Richard Melon's scape. He was singled out by the Clinton White House's one of these seminal figures in the vast raring conspiracy to topple the president. Now liberals fear the scape foundation is writing a wave of conservative organizations that are expanding and Florida to influence the nation's agenda as well as the 2004 elections. In other words, if you think that they stole it in 2000, you ain't seen nothing yet. Florida in many respects is the most important state of the nation said George Mute, Jorge. George Mute. Are you sure? George Mute. Are you sure? Huh? That's his name, but the J. Florida director for people for the American way, a liberal policy group changed something here and you can change it on the national level, whether it's school vouchers or gay rights, obviously the foundation sees some benefit to being here. And it goes on, it's a lengthy aisle, I'll save it. We can put it on to tomorrow, right? But of course, I could say to you now, but you know, you never know, might be another slow day with news tomorrow, so I'll save it for tomorrow also. Since I checked out the Palm Beach posters, that other story, FBI drains Maryland pond and anthrax pro. I don't like that. Just the one time when most of us had forgotten about anthrax. Frederick Maryland, the FBI was draining municipal pond today in search of evidence of how anthrax lays that is resembled in 2001 attacks that killed five people. You remember? anthrax. The FBI's Washington Field Office released a statement saying that it's agents and those from US Postal Service were conducting searches related to the investigation of the origin of the anthrax lays letters, million 2001. The purpose of these searches is to locate and collect that evidence related to the attacks, they must say, the facilitate to search activity, one pond will be drained, no further details were provided. When you think that if there was evidence in the pond now that it would be maybe a little soggy by now, the anthrax. The anthrax, air the evidence, or both. Just a little on the soggy side. It says for protection against airborne bacteria, a person could put envelopes and secured anthrax puddling to the box. Then weighed into shallow water and submerged it to put the bacteria into envelopes under water. Some involved in the case believe the posts said the Washington Post. Actored where the envelopes could have been sealed inside plastic bags to be removed from the underwater chamber. So they're, how do you like that? Some investigators said the water theory is the result of the FBI's interest in, Stephen Hadfield, that physician in biotechism expert, who formally worked as researcher with US Army Medical Research Institute of Infactius Diseases at Fort D. Trick in Frederick. That facility is the primary custodian of the strain of anthrax upon the envelopes into the victims. Attorney General John Iamofascist Ascroft has described Hadfield as a person of interest in the investigation and Yadiya to this go on his ass, how they're like that. So they're draining it. They're draining it and they're straining it. Let's see, that was right after that was a fall of 2001. And here it's almost the summer of 2003. Got it? No, got the perpetrator. How about Osama? We got him? No, how about Saddam? We find, no. Did you see that they were looking for DNA evidence? Oh, in that house and the rubbles of the house that they already admitted it was the wrong house. It was next door to where he had been in the scene where he was. Yeah, wasn't the wrong house. We're all those innocent people died. No DNA. No. What a surprise. No innocent Iraqi. As an artifact, what they said was they found as much Saddam DNA in that house as they have found weapons and mass destruction so far. And I could just hear remissing him. Zip, but he do that. You know, could hear him sing it. 567. We got 8 million open lines here. Today it's been a real struggle boys and girls. It's been a real battle. A battle against the world. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Miami. Probably gone. Probably on your whole Hershey highway right now. Wait a minute. Is there something happening on his phone now? You never picked up a line. Well, I'm hitting it. And it's not working. Hit it again. I just hit the six. Nothing is happening on my line. Oh, don't tell me this can't be happening to me again. Please tell me the same happened to me. Oh. No, I'm hit lines and nothing is happening. How do you like that? I'm doing lines. What are you? What make in gutterable sounds? There's nothing wrong with all I can think to do right now. Zip, but he do. I like how he just said. I think that describes how many calls we're going to be taking. Why don't you try to push him up line six? See what happens. I got it. Hello. Hello. Hello. Meal. Yes, I am. Hi, Neil. Hey, that's that last little product from the track. My name is Will. I've been from Brighton Beach. Not from Boynton Beach. Uh-huh. Maybe it would be more. It could have been said. We're calling from the outside. Yeah, we never knew. We never found out what happened to see more. Maybe it's still as a track. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a one more thing. Once they walk home, wouldn't it be cool if his life kind of spiraled out of the way? Okay. See this thing ain't working. Now did I get an offer to you? Me. Oh. I'm a six, seven, oh five, six. How are we going to do this to rest of this for a while? Why did all of a sudden that we have this disconnect? Let me try one thing. Okay. All right. Try one thing. Okay. Ooh, it's coming back. Now I've hit you my dots and maybe my check bar. There they are. Should I try it? Yeah. Well, all the names on the left side of the city's advantage. But that's okay. They're all the same. Q AM. Hello. Okay. All right. How did we figure that out? Well, I think that's going to be a good idea. So, I think that we're going to be better. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. How are you? I'm going to do that. Good. Thank you. Thanks for the funny voice. Or the real voice, whatever it was. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, five, six. Maybe that was Mose White. Good. What are you laughing about? She was calling from Boka. Again, oh we had a great Josh Freeman story that we forgot to talk about today. That's right. There's a lot of Josh Friedman stories involving violence when you add them all up. Yeah. Like this one. Josh Friedman had a little run in with somebody from the Marlins because Josh Friedman has been canned from QAM, his contract that renewed which means bye-bye. And so I guess they originally told him he could keep his credentials from the Marlins game. Correct me if I'm getting the story wrong, because you told him one of the Mucky Mucks in upper level management. Right. That I guess for whatever reason, because of the smell, the most I did I didn't want to move in. Must eat, we want to say his name. No. Okay. So there was a run in with one of the Mucky Mucks from the Marlins who said, no, we changed their mind. You can't have your credentials. You can't come out here. You no longer work for QAM and you can't come in here for anymore. And so they wanted his credentials back. And according to the story, he didn't want to give the credentials back. He had the thing around his neck, you know, with a chain, a whole deal right. And they got into kind of a scuffle with the guy from the organization, the, the, the, the, the, yanked the thing from around his neck when he refused to turn the credentials back over. And they had like a little bit of a scuffle. And the rumor is that Josh is parted on him and we never saw that guy. No more. He sat on him, is that it? He's mad on him. Something. Ha ha ha. Maybe all of the above. I don't think you can be seeing that guy. No, mole. See now now, how come are these not going to show up on the left side of the food? The, the, the, the, you're not going to get them unless he actually hangs up and re-enters. Oh, don't do that. Yeah, pepper puns. Like I said, here's pepper puns, hello. Dale, how you doing? Pretty good. On your recommendation, I saw Requiem yesterday. And awesome. That movie was phenomenal. The cinematography was so unique. He responded to you. Another movie I saw recently. And it was all right. Same director, have enough. Yeah. That's probably what the best probably why reminded you of it. Yeah, that's probably a good idea. Only this is much better than pie. Yeah, it was. This was like, uh, you're really good. Oh, my dog, pucky pie. That's not strong. It's been a top five, you're right. Okay. I've been living in a more, I'm more red. Thanks. He enjoyed it. Currently I'm pretty sure. See, the, you know what the problem is? Our case is too good. That's a problem. No, I'm serious. That's why you come up with these esoteric movies like Memento and this one, and some of the other ones. And people are saying, oh, I'll do that with so pondress. And it was so boring and didn't have like a whole bunch of great special effects or the explosion. Yeah, we're, we're, we're explosions and car crashes and fun crap like that. Why? And local, we're sports video 560s. You a, yeah. Don't you just hate people that you snappy all banners for their show segments like that. One to two. Wow. Award winning drummers, movies on continued with loop. And now coming this month, HBO presents an all new musical version of the HBO prison drama, Oz, starring Christopher Lowell. Well, well, well, my proud, oh, it's something like a, oh, that's well, I wanted to make is one, the one with one eye. Harvey fires the, I'd will a text on the, so ran rap for a sweater, voice theorized with vintage. And I helped for used a whimp bit the, and I, whew, placed to by was only into pay. And the entire Aus denating pop relationship. Yes, another prison amazement of a woman's music啊. That's the mom. 온 HBO. 120560 W to two events that, bat wanted to our spaghetti, gets flamed at war famous. When one of our regular facts is says another good side for movie reviews is rotten to mators.com. For many with that. Nope. Yeah, it's not bad. Not as good as I am db, but it's not bad. I like I am db. In fact, I'm going to read the whole list of the top 150 movies is selected by. Well, I believe better we're going to go one call on a board and that probably is going to be real quick. Here's Miami, hello. Hello, Neo. Yes, sir. How you doing? Nothing. I just wanted to tell you that I like you show, OK? And have you seen the movie, the judicial suspects? No, I haven't seen that. That's a good movie. OK, put it on my list. Thanks, Pally. OK. See, there we go. That's it. That's it. So I think I'll read the list. And we'll just place some easier than a bat. What do you think? OK. Or I'm going to get, I can get the Toronto phone book in the other room. Or I can read this facts. The rest of the facts from when who says, I heard rumor on 940 this morning talking about tonight's hockey game. The host asked him who his money was on. And he said he was keeping his wallet in his pocket. What a surprise. They were getting ready to hang up on him when he said, if you want to talk about the game tomorrow, give me a call. He must be lonely. Better than some others I know of. You know what I mean? I heard more on J.D. on John David's in this morning. That was good. Although it just bugs me the fact that most pretends something about he would know Martin Brodour from the Martin. You know what I'm saying? No. Well, no, you wouldn't either. Well, in other words, he knows about as much about hockey as you do. It said he's got a few names on a piece of paper somewhere. I said that's what we really bugs. Hey, I've been to a couple of games. And that is matter of fact. You know, so that's one and the two thirds more games than he's been do. After they invited him to come to one game when he first brought his ugly to two pay and asked to town and he showed up with his wife and they sat down there by the glass in the front and they stayed for a few minutes and left. Maybe a period I guess. Put in a grand appearance in almost all those deals. But why should he be different from all to the other sports guys? You got a new station right? Yeah, that's right. But I'll say it again. Women softball beat the hockey and a rating. So, you know, who to help can a blame? 560, 0560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless line. Here's a call from Western. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. If you ever seen once upon a time in America with James Wood and the now. Yes, we're just talking about only a lot of stuff. That's okay. Yeah, the DVD comes out tomorrow. The America is cut. It lasts about 20 hours. Well, why wasn't it ever shown in the full version in the United States, you know? Too long. Too long. It was 3.5 hours. If you're ready and refuse on it, it's supposed to be pretty good or. Yeah, I've seen it. I've seen it several times. It's good. It's very good, but you better like, you know, get ready to take a nap in the middle. Okay, thanks. Okay, yeah. It's excellent. Although there's some people who wouldn't like it because again, it's one of those. It's all over the place and there's a lot of flashbacks and then the ending is bizarre. Now, I guess when you got the director's cut, I sure hope it doesn't. Well, don't watch that stuff. Don't watch when they interview him. Okay. Although, I guess most people will want to see what he says is you're going to say it was an opium trip. None of this ever really happened in the first place and it was all in the Robert D'Aneros mine because if he says that at that point, that's what you want to play with it. And you see, you wasted four hours of my time for an opium trip. And this isn't like a real story, which at first of all, it's a movie anyway. So what difference is it making for it to real story or not, right? I want to real story guy. See, there are people, those people bug me. People that want a nitpick. People that want to like pick it apart. I watch it for enjoyment. If I like it, I enjoy it. Great. I don't have to analyze. I don't have to like, oh, what did he have in mind when he did this? I'm not interested in that. I'm not a pseudo intellectual. I'm just an old fat slob and proud of it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 64. But this has been a battle that they had, yeah. It's been a battle just to stay to keep our heads above water. Because there isn't a goddamn thing. We got the Hillary book. Nobody cares about it. Somebody will go out and buy it. Now, guarantee a plenty of people listening to me right now. They'll go out and waste a lot of money on it. They won't learn a damn thing other than that she was shocked and dismayed when he told her about Monica. Is there anybody with an IQ larger than that thermal believes that? Oh, this is a guy that's been pouring around on her for as long as we can remember. And she was shocked and dismayed that it was getting blow jobs from Monica that he was screwing around on the side on the ice princess. If you God forbid, we're married to that. Would you be screwing around on the side? Either way. You, uh. Oh, asking around. Guy, but a beaner boy. If you were married to a nice princess like Hillary, would have let clearance come in here and yeah, cross the way. I think the answer is there. He would and tickle your prostate. Prostate put you in the prostate position. That's all it's else. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hello, or Neil? Yes, sir. Neil is right in our side again. I just wear by your station as right in. Have you? I'm moving with Richard. Have you got this? Hello? I'm here. Richard, drivers are horned. I'm on a motor. Can you help me with that name as a movie? What do you mean by that? Well, I wasn't there with a movie. Do you remember that movie? A horse racing movie was Richard, drivers? No, but I'll look up Richard. Are you serious? Is this a joke? No, no, no. I'm serious. Okay. It was filmed at highly erased. Okay. I'm looking on the Richard, drivers thing on here. Okay. Jennifer, tillie? Jennifer, tillie? Yes, sir. Okay. Richard, drivers on eBay. Okay. I'll have a list of every movie he was ever in and something like to forget. Yeah, that's just one of you probably like to forget. Young runaways. No? No. Jaws, we know it wasn't Jaws. Cripping gors tribe. Another stay, another stake out. Nope. Mr. Holland's penis. We know it wasn't that one. Nope. The good by girl. Nope. Lost in yonkers. Nope. He wasn't at the track in yonkers. He made a band with this one's trip from the highly. Highlands fall, moon over parador. Nope. That was a movie though. Not the big fix. Nope. That wasn't it? No, sir. Uh, stake out 10 men with any de veto. Nope. Uh, land ski. No. The good by girl. No. Uh, prisoner of honor. That don't sound like it. No. Once around, American graffiti. No. Sign photo. Nope. Nice. Not so nice. Oh my god. Nope. Always. Uh, let it ride. Yes. Oh, fine. Thank God. I was getting a ride. I was on fire. Oh, my god. I wear them all the favor. Wait a minute. Let me, let me just click on it this second. You're in see what I can find out about. 1989. OK. She was very hot in that movie, by the way. Who was Jennifer Kelly? She's always hot. All right. I got another one for you. Cool. Hand Luke. Yeah. The scene where the girl was washing the car was one of the hot of scenes in any of those movies. I remember you was hotter than the one where Jennifer Kelly was looking in a mirror in a recleam. Uh, maybe. Yeah, I think so. OK. Thanks very much, pal, for killing me. Well, at least I found him as information. Now what was the info? No. See, but let it ride. Now I didn't really want to know. I just wanted to find out for him. OK. Jesus, Richard Dryfus is sure made a hell of a lot of movies. Not necessarily any good ones. I don't like him. No. I don't want to know why. I give up. Closing counters. Oh, well, you can't hold that against him. But I do. His performance in that was so there was such a bad movie. Yeah. And his performance was so spastic. And I can't help it. I just ever since that movie. I don't like him. I see them. They melodramatic actor. And then Mr. Holland's penis or whatever that was that would talk about cornball. Yeah. Wow. Man, even an Iowa decor, even default never had corn at bed. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I'm the meteorologist movie show. Oh, yeah. Let's just do movies from now on. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Tell least to a clock. Don't you think? OK. Well, look at all the calls we had about rules of attraction. Oh, no. You're liking it. It's definitely going to happen. I wanted to watch. You'll both enjoy it. You should go out and get that today. And you can have like a little circle jerk going. You could like he's watching Magnolia today. You can watch rules of attraction and pass it on to him. So you can do like your own Netflix and charge him about 10 bucks. Here's Lighthouse Point. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. You look. You watched the Memento, right? Yes. The way it's on the CD. Right. You realize it on the second CD. You have the box with the blue cover. Sure, do. The second CD has the movie in its correct order. We're going back. Bring it down. Are you serious? Bring it. Oh, I'm going to watch that today. Wow. You have to go. You have those funny menus on the front, right? Right. To have to find a picture I believe is either binoculars or a pair of glasses of some sort. Uh-huh. And you keep answering the questions as answers see. And then you'll come up to a sequence where you have to put four pictures in their proper order. If you put them in reverse order, the movie will play the way it should be seen without it going backwards. I'll be doing it. But they're not going to be on the second. And the second is still right. It's on the second. Yes. That's why a lot of people have trouble watching it the first time it's saying this is wacky when you do watch it the proper way. But that's what made it fun. The first time is that it was wacky was a lot of order, right? Exactly. The friends that I have watching it and including my wife's sitting there and say, oh my gosh, that is so weird. There's no way I'm going to understand how this movie goes. Yeah. And I find out that it's on the second disk and when she watched it, the second time around. Well, you've got to tell your friends. They got to do a lot more drugs before they want the first one. There you go. Okay. Thanks, pal. I'm so glad he, I see. I knew that eventually we'd get a call at the, I really is sunk my teeth and new. Now, what do they call those things? Because I really poo-pooed it because I'm just a novice at the whole DVD thing anyway, which, yeah, I mean, a lot of people are didn't what yet. Eastern. What is it? Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern Strawberry. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. East Rigest. Eastern. New. Eastern. eastern. Wincers. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. You go to these websites and they tell you how to find the hidden material Like the one that I found is all right What website? I bookmarked one moment, please. Oh, that's where we talk about a one day couple. We saw Easter eggs up your answers Something like that e-aggs.com. Oh, that's right. We looked at it But it mean does that does that have like a link to all the different movies that have these on? It's got a database and it's got E-mailers have emailed their take on different things if you take yeah You look up a movie and then you could see what other people have said about where the eggs are if there are eggs What you buy in part of the fun is the detective work trying to find the eggs get it like an Easter egg Hunts Yeah But if you're telling me that you can actually do this on your DVD player You don't have to like do this for the computer some of Apparently there are Easter eggs and everything DVDs software audio CDs Unable you know what I really love Those cadbury Easter eggs. Oh, oh the ones with the cream now not the ones with cream now the ones with a hard shell Either or They have the small ones with a hard shell cadbury is that have like a cream filling in I'm not talking about those I'm talking about the small ones with a hard shell man They're so good and they come in a bag of about 45,000 are you talking about the multids or the non-multids? I'm talking about taking a break What? What stop you maniac or you out of your mind? He's actually encouraging this 114 is 560 WQA and let me tell you about something that's really good and safe to pop in your push-in fact I took minus warning all you made soft yelp capsules. Mender good for you all you mentioned teens no sugar No crap just to find a style of oil on the plant with lots of other good stuff That's just ordinary olive oil but super concentrated and loaded with health benefits for you Only you made a new up-served egg and I produced the risk of heart disease and I cholesterol too Plus there are 14 different audio made for us for you to choose from each one combining pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins minerals and rebels The support specific health needs from your bones to your blood pressure your immune system You just pick out the formulas that are right free in what you need now. There are three new old-year-old formulas One to help you sleep Sarah One to help you control your weight whenever refrigerator starting with that and So cute hand for your heart When they start doing a shock therapy Pick up some old-year-old today wherever your job chopping picks them up into public secrets while reels whole food markets and borrowers and cinemas Or order it online if you like it only hopefully you'll make a market that com for more information called cold-free one eight six six Oreo man one eight six six six six five three sixty six thirty three Don't be like Sarah gold for our put something good for you and you're put some Oreo and start feeling better right away Yeah Now You So I go to the Easter Egg Zarkai and for some strange reason this page won print Boner boy I'm trying three different ways of printing this page you will not print out I've got to go to a two for example it's got a whole list of the different DVDs Momento and the one that he was just talking about chronological order and limited edition and it tells you in search this two from limited edition set and then select the clock Select answer C five times the actual answer have nothing to do with an navigation when you reach the question where you'll put the pictures in order of the Woman fixing her tire put them in reverse order three four one two What Some trying to like print this out so I can take this with him saying right I guess I can write it up. I'm lazy Writing who does that anymore exactly? So there you go there's just one example because the momento's got four four Easter eggs that they know Wow, I'm excited here's our chronic facts your Jane who says Did you hear about the Republican plan to change the Senate rules on filibustring the Democrats have actually been showing some balls and filibustring some Abushes scary judicial nominees which is most of them Republicans want to lower the number of votes from 67 to 51 and have Dick Cheney break the tie Oh, no, not gonna happen. No number they'll have a revolution James says I know what's the colors for it fault, but for well does too much sports founders crackers inters Yeah, see That's okay. They love for well man for well is kicking ass with this audience over 40% one among six to ten He's only been on like a week in one day a week in one day and already they were in love with for well, okay? Now I don't know if it's as much of the pro for well that part of it is that in part of it's the anti-mothing and I could be part of it Oh, what's this thing doing up here? God this thing is doing some strange things today this screen, you know on the untilost yeah, but again Oh Why see what that was the hand do with my printer now? I would let you up on there What the hell would that have to do with my printer on that screen? It's not connected to my computer. I don't get it so you think Huh yeah, exactly oh What a disaster Here's the call from Marko Island hello Hey, Neil. Yes, yeah I have something for your listeners that maybe you could take a poll You know how it's farmed stern Yeah, yeah, I'd like to hear both of you on the way you talking to one another He's a big public in your dead democrat I think it would be a very interesting Show he's not gonna do that any do what I First of all why would I debate him on politics? I mean how is it clown he? He should keep his nose out of politics He knows nothing about it. Well I just find it I think would be it Pretty good Not gonna happen all right have a great day 560 pound 560 on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line That's how I say why don't I debate ishka bible about you know The right sunset today hey Do you know that there was a race that answered Chicago who called himself ishka bible? No, I didn't know that no, you know that because I was gonna see about horse racing But somebody would have caught me on that no matter what you say somebody got out Yeah, yeah, yeah You know that game they play here. I have a whole question that I who do you trust the most? My self-hundred eighty three my spouse 136 I trust nobody 128 my parents 95 Neil Rogers 54 my best friend or friends 25 George W. Bush 19 more Howard David in ten and my priest rabbi Our minister only four votes out of 654 pretty lame on a clergy there pretty weak Pretty pretty weak and what were you saying about the eggs? I Said I could go for something East dueregs why did you get me started with a can't breathing on those things are killer those will just send your blood sugar skyrocketing Those are like taken at needle that Harry was putting in that purple vein Mm-hmm that big oozing purple so I'm just sticking it right in the middle there. I ever have almond roca Are you gonna start with that almond brittle again that I turned everybody on to it's that never that almond brittle Yeah, I remember did you get it? Yes They've not one here about it. I forgot I forgot all about it. Here's Miami. Hello Miami, Buenos dias Yo, I don't I But we're who I don't know I'm for off What's up deal? How you doing sir? Okay, hey, I'm not sure you're not really too fond of your I Was that what you said a couple of minutes I'm trying to say I can't stand him as what I said Well, here's one movie. I don't know if you ever saw it was called inserts It was an oh it was a movie came out in about in the mid to late 70s It was like the beginning of pornography and trifus was in it. No Yeah, I don't know if she answered anything yeah, really I don't think you've got anything big enough But yeah, it was all about getting that money shot It took place in the in the in the 20s of the 30s when pornography was just getting started In the 20 and the 20s are already it started it's a it's a place of the 20s of the 30s 1920, you know and it was it was all about it was all about I see which was it was supposed to take place in the 20s Yes, I apologize. Yeah, yeah, but it was it was a strange movie it was all about point about early time Poor no stars in fact When I think of what your drivers I do think of Ron Jeremy you're very very close to their after I don't think of Ron Jeremy When I think of drives think of schmucks when I think of drivers, but if it's a movie that I saw You know, I thought maybe okay. Thanks will check that out not so who's an usual suspects the usual suspects? Yeah, it's good besides Kevin's Basie It's got Benicio del Toro and When he's your del Toro sure gets around you know, yeah, it does it's good What was that other one I just had and he were all shooting guns and shooting blind something like that where the gun? That was the one have a watch out yet. I was that a western no, it's it's in modern times Thank God don't ever recommend to me a western because that'll be that'll be the end of our social issue at that point At that point I'm gonna come down there and tell and put the clearance right on your ass by the way speaking about ass. Yeah, fall in behind What do you mean? George keeps feeding me like five movies every day for for his movies? You got to catch up So if you'll notice if you go to the movies page we're leaving you behind I'm falling into behind. Yeah, you gotta do some more. I don't forget to go to our website today and check out the new mozone What do you want? I'm Tony that's the name of it the mozone. I love it the mozone layer is getting thicker by the minute Okay, here's the movie recommendation. Well, I don't know how many we can put on there. That is what yeah, did you put drugs to our cowboy on mine? I believe so I can't even keep track of this thing latest additions rules of attraction when you're a gun rise God father. No, you don't have that on there. Chuck's still cowboy. Yeah, it's on the bottom part of it is like there under clockwork orange Well, let me work on it. Okay, I don't want to do this like you know, and you want to do his catch me off guard here And I'll put some piece of crap on there. Oh new you see put some garbage on it Let me this is too important for that. Thank you. I'll catch you. Tell take a while. I'll do it in a great intellectual way Let me pop a couple of purples first 27 after one at five 60 WQAM all I can say is Homeowners is there anything worse than going out in the backyard to take a nice dip on a hot summer day and Then you look into the pool and you want to puke your guts out like that guy did in the rules of attraction right on her back Your pool is stained and dirty. Maybe even it has cracks in it like her when your pool doesn't have to be a mess No mole call our friends at Atlantic Marseight Let them straighten it out for you. Make it look amazing Atlantic Marseight specializing refinishing pools bring it back to life Making them brighter and more colorful than ever before and right now Atlanta Marseight is introducing something new and exciting called Atlantic blue bright Rover 12 years Atlanta Marseight's beautified pools will be ever popular diamond bright and the makers of diamond bright have developed Atlantic blue bright exclusively for the good people at Atlantic Marseight Atlantic blue bright is going to leave your pool with a richer more colorful appearance unmatched by anything on the market In fact, it's going to look so great your friends and neighbors and the enemies will be convinced that you got a brand new pool License and ensure to real construction company. Don't forget the useful time employees not a bunch of illegal aliens with a pickup truck Atlanta Marseight's family owned and operated thousands of people in South Florida noted I've come to trust him and love him and use him and they serve all the day-broward and Palm Beach counties do Atlantic Marseight also does a stupid as an beatable job of deck renovations custom lighting pool heating and exotic water features So enjoy the entire summer in your own backyard called at Atlantic Marseight today at 1-800-558883 That's toll free 1-800-5588883 at Atlantic Marseight truly is a pool's best friend Tacker in his pal I've got to you and find a scrotum never really showed up All my poison and my warhead None of them never look under my bed I got the factory making at Pratch nook's in kitty's back patch There's no way you're making me dead Hey, call him power should have looked out of the tower on my hand Favorite single I would be because this is unbelievable I've got the United States going crazy trying to get me free for contact me Except for Sean Pentechors who's on my side. He loves me like crazy Oh 134 26 still two mad dog two to four the staff no hangback in town from shoolas this afternoon So anyway this easter egg things enough to drive you nuts. Yeah, so I just looked up or going for a dream and there are two and they both have to do with tabby tibons You know the host of the TV show Join us in creating excellence. I'm very the first time I watched it the first two times and everyone realized what that stood for it juice Join us in creating excellence, but anyway Here's one of them on the main menu pressed down on your remote which will highlight here Tappies amazing live story press enter or play and watch the TV show Sarah watches in the film it's about five minutes long and pretty nifty. I think I got to do that I guess yeah, I'm a go buy it Well, you got to go to the website then because it'll it's got it, but I don't understand Why would they make this an underground thing? You're spending 20 or 30 or 40 bucks for a DVD Exactly, you want to say straight in other words to say little hidden treasure just the right for a computer nerds right exactly Tech networks. I wonder if rules of attractions got any since I'm an a list right now No good that makes me feel better But for there were just 100 all dozens and hundreds and zinns and movies that do so there you go look up Recreem for dream making five tabby tibons And you actually see the TV show I wonder if that includes the part where he comes flying out of the TV and we're living room And they do the kazazki together rounder that that that that that that you know I'm talking about yeah five six Five six seven oh five 60 as far as I'm concerned anybody who refuses to watch that movie Who doesn't appreciate that movie? You know, you're just wasting space What you're wasting space you're taking up space that a worthwhile creature could be a user and an air Here's the call from Kendall hello hello back They're at Sun and stock the sweat unit Hey, what is it about it? It's a drug movie over in our Scotland What are you a lot of drug movies man and You and my Greg or Senate yeah, and Can I get a quick request maybe the guy involved you with the rugby and music? Oh, that's not much of it. That's just a short like a little thing. I need this place Oh, I see work here Okay, the medications on one I've been here for seven years nothing works here. I hate this place Nothing works here Medication on work I've been here for seven years. I hate this place Not the work here See, I usually get hostile when I you know the request like a whole bunch of different stuff, but in that case it worked out if it And if the food fits five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT and T in Verizon wireless line Thank God, I didn't have to go to the bedtime stories today even though I got some real good ones because we'd rather have them go on our website wouldn't we right and read all of that good stuff Like intelligence historians says CIA buckled on Iraq Groups de Cry US justice department gay events ban. We don't want to say we got a bunch of fascists Well, I like this to a vegetarian parent charge amount of Trish and death a five month old in Miami You saw that and what about the cause of cows farting a lot and destroying the ozone layer If you want to help the environment go and shove a cork up a cows ass, okay, you'll be doing a tremendous service Here's the call from Western hello Oh, yes, sir. Yeah, hey, how you doing great? Good. I just want to know if you ever saw any movies by the screenwriter Charlie Kaufman or have you ever heard of them? Yeah, he did being John Nopovich adaptation which came out last year and one a couple Academy Awards That's supporting actor. I think You ever heard of any of his stuff. No, I mean for the names of the movies, but I never heard of him He's he's a I think he's pretty new but he's been around He's he's a great writer like I really think you should be adaptation great movies last year Nicholas Kager than it he played he played Charlie Kaufman and his make-believe brother Donald Kaufman Okay, it was just it was a movie like he has kind of movies or movies about movies type of thing You know, it's just it's pretty interesting and also I wanted to know if you ever heard of the movie dual from 1971 with Dennis Weaver Yeah, that's a great movie. You know who directed that? Who did Even steelburg. Oh, that's right. Yeah. That is absolutely correct. That was a great movie. Yeah All right, that's about it. Thanks a lot, pal. In fact that movie is kind of like most of the driving you encounter in South Florida every day Yeah, I like to part where they got all the snakes in the um and the cages In fact in a wrecking for a dream When they're in the when just before the cop comes in and discovers him after the after the guy from a happyness the doctor Right, so look at that arm a hairy's arm and he grabs all the vials of whatever the stuff is there and he walks out and then Damon Wands is sitting in the other room Cooling his heels waiting looking as well the sheriff comes in and you look at the people who are sitting in every room Right and of course keep in mind he said oh or 600 miles from New York That means we got the you know halfway to go to Florida That should like kind of pinpoint on the map kind of where they are You Oh, I don't know where it is about them that whining little voices or their big nose Is goofy hops time it'll meckles. I don't know they just this rub me the wrong way and It's a boy Hey You And a lawyer You Sorry See that no forward the two of them kicks a man sir what huh? 145 is five six to you We call so get done a Shaleta back in a cabinet again, you know Austin powers eat your heart out He thought he was big time with many me. Well. We got many mozo on our website Now people really have a difficulty in in watching the a big mozo I don't know we were having calls at the beginning. I don't know if it's calm down, but just okay Because now in case you can't your computers having difficulty in the cycling big mozo We got many mozo for those of you having problems with big mo And then of course don't forget to scroll beneath that when you see yours truly animal as to as that's a lovely thing each or hard out Jennifer I Loined notice that there's one thing marching and not that I want to see if there is one thing missing in that asked West picture Oh, let me give you a clue. Yeah, let me give you a little clue. You know I'll leave it up to your artistic abilities See what I can do see what you can work out how about a submarine sandwich. Although I will say there's don't keep clearance no ideas Here is a lake worth hello Yeah I got my copy in the mail at the level of the old Nc 17 rating on a Requiem And every time you see screenish on there, it's got to be probably good Before the screen is part yeah That doctor's been never happy necessarily was quite interesting in that happiness in the video But he had a few problems right yeah It was really fine, but it also used to there's a Easter egg thing is on Netflix too They can go play some on there too. Oh really? Yeah, but if you go on that, that's because it's a Easter egg wave bottom on the left because you get to stealing It's almost supposed to be like a secret that only the computer nerd types are supposed to know about it Make more money How do they make more money people the bottom just for that? Oh, I see yeah good point. Okay. Thanks, Pally enjoy it Yeah, there are Easter eggs not just and movies, but also when computers and there's a whole list when you go to the ex.com Did you see it? Yeah, and There's there's Easter eggs under your back door. I bet all of it a plan. I didn't even know in fact The client said he had a couple under his one under each armpit And when it comes in tomorrow, it which is payday. He's gonna see if a beater boy wants to get his lips or not 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on a AT&T for eyes in line. Here's Parkland. Hello Parkland. Yes, sir. Hey, Neal have a going great The IMDB instead of Searching and scrolling through movies if you know the name of two actors that have appeared in it Right you can search by the two actors and they'll pull up all the movies they appeared in together Really? Yeah, I'll cut down your search time having this girl as girl and scrolls from me like Matt Damon and Ben Affleck for example Type their names together in the search thing and I'll come up with all the movies they've had anything to do with produced Direct and start in whatever. I'll be damned. Maybe a lot of time. Okay. Thanks. Thank you. Have a see you Yeah, the top 250 movies is voted by our users now. We're only gonna read what the top 175 now just just think of an idea The godfather's number one. How do you like that? We're very pleased with that the godfather's number one The thing you put in brains allow me a nice type of leaks right. Oh, I love that The thing you put in brains allow me a nice type of leaks so charge Hank Redemption's number two Which everybody raves about how great it is. Why don't I watch it because Jason who used to work in our sports department and finally Are graduated and grew up and got out of there He gave me the tape of that which I still have somewhere and he's never gonna get bad. Thank you just hate Morgan Freeman I thought then's a Washington was in it No, I like Morgan Freeman a lot. He's a great actor Tim Robbins Morgan Freeman a cast Tim Robbins is great It won't give me forget this month. This is the month the Tim Robbins movie is coming out on the DVD now What else in the end also? Edward what's the Tim Robbins movie You know what I'm talking about where he gets elected president or he's running for you know Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, what is the name of that? Oh, am I gonna have to go online and check that out This is enough to drive you crazy man. It's enough to like have you in such a smile and get shot there Okay Oh, I will say this Sarah's hair was a lot neither at the end Meet as an interesting Yeah, I need need more ways than one Tight and white as to at least you got rid of that orange a Godfather part two is number three. So you got two God fathers in the top three and I think that's sensational I think that's excellent Shut up Number four shindlers list five another one of those Sub-sourid you movies. I won't watch that stuff. It's excellent. It's Godfather good I'm not shindlers list is Godfather good. Yes. Are you have you lost? You're census? Well, I can say that it's about the Holocaust It's about shindlers. Oh, and you see the thing about when bush your few days ago was it was it at Auschwitz? I don't know you see those clips on the news no and he had a tear in his eye and it was probably thinking And how come he let so many get away That must have been one was crossing his mind. He wasn't crying for the victims Casablanca number six citizen canes seven now see that got a father was that it's in there But at least it's not number one like so many of these lists. These only soon when lucks will list Then there's one I don't think I can say this on the air shit shin and here no Well, that's it's a Japanese thing. I'll help you. No, shit shin and no samurai If you do you'll clean it up That's number eight. That's the eighth best movie. All time corn do I am a db Star Wars nine Dr. Strange love 10 cook was nest 11 Momento number 12 and we're window 13 Bob Roberts. I think is the movie where they could thank you very much But let me write it down to make sure Bob Roberts and Ed Wood. I knew both of them Bob Roberts and this find that two of the movies and just dying to get are both like names of guys Just saw a little bit of Bob Roberts just the ass in of it with him Robbins and Susan Serrand and also as in isn't she? Check it back when they were having the big flap about that Because of the fact they might you remember all of that stuff. Well if you're against the war you're running america in Was with the immediately baseball Hall of Fame and Cooper's down remember that crap. Uh-huh assholes Because if you're a sports nerd you have to be right wing I'm in it. It's uh, then let's say that random constitution I believe Sports when you'll find you You a Too bad They just increased us to high alert status Both no one blows up my brand new dot stratus. I've been a wrenches They gave us the news popping value with a big lesson booze I keep the gas mask in my glove compartment. I called re-max or a bomb proof of Parment re-inforce my front door with ginger blocks Wonder if that will keep up the small ponds Checking my mail for that deadly white powder stocking my covers with camels clam shouts Living on our shoulders. You're a no fun. I think the terror is already born I can't take it. I won't make it if it goes to rain Oh Over my head Welcome to 7 at 560 W to Q a m Got a lot of votes on the pool. It's a very weak pool question today, but what can I tell you 741 votes Who do you trust the most myself? 2012. I trust nobody 149 My spouse 148 My parents want to wait Neorodges 57 sure my best friend or friends 28 George W Bush 24 Oh my god 3.2% you silly people you more how we David 11 which goes to sure it is even more silly people and my priest rabbi or minister only four out of 741 votes only four Trust their rabbi priest or minister the most Here's open park hello Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, I want to the chime in on your program Like rubber Jones again. You want to chime in. Oh, you want to chime in on our program You want to hog the program you want your own god damn show why not get up like at 430 in a morning and you can come in and get on the Mosho Okay, you maniac you you lunatic over and over and over again How do you gotta do is get him like one mention the tiny spit of encouragement like your constant on George Woo man Talk about a fruit cake Now see when a call from Miami is online nine hours have to raise two eyebrows. That's Maui It's what oh, oh, yeah, thought it said Miami here's Maui. Hello, I mean no, I'm gonna real beach now. Okay, I am the Maui for guys. I'm gonna be dead But you sure getting around well I already went through New Zealand. I'm hitting Maui a couple of days I'm almost I'll be home next week, but it's just been on my mind George. Why did you want to know about the haka? Hey, that pollinision site you told me about they got nothing You don't want it my friend RJ contact you. No, I'll renew Zealand already this sounds like a personal George call for like About the Haka I mean I know George those nothing about rugby No, but I saw them for the haka. I saw the rugby team do the haka. I want haka videos Do the haka The Haka is a native New Zealand Bowie Wardance That's the right the national right strangers thing you'll ever see if you live to be a thousand really For they played a real national matches against any other team and it's it's the real thing It's a New Zealand Maui Ward something to see but you can't get a bit I want a full blown Haka on a video By anyone traditional grass to rugby team anybody George I will find it for you I promise I'm here. They're gonna have one on iron shaft as weekend is what I'm here. Okay, let's have a safe trip back Valley. I'll kill it. Bye. Thanks. What's all this that all about Haka? Okay, we got the mad dog Jim managed to afford a saffron in the Humperous back at town at Chulos 4 to 7 is after no Hey, it's Howard Howard David