I need a cigarette car! No? Look at it. Nobody ain't much. We got both of our lunch pay anyway. Oh, sorry. Hey everybody, today's fun is for you to look for something low. I support watchers. I support watchers. Look at that thing guys. I know mine. I support watchers. I support watchers. Look at that thing. Oh, oh. I support watchers. I threw away my doll house toys. When I saw my first game, I got a swell-off. Most of them don't protect. They privately wear a dress. Watch an ESPN in Fishnet Nod. I support watchers. I support watchers. I can't decide on his balls. I support watchers. I support watchers. Look at that. They're butts now. I love to listen to this voice radio. Okay. You're watching a sports dog. What the over it is? It's not underwear. What's over my underwear? I know. I know. I know. What kind of a promotion was that? This more actually heard my name a little bit. The end of the most show did you hear that? Got damn it. Is coming up next? Then Yani Yani. I'm going to mad dog. One and a humber. The king of South Florida radio. Hey, go over it. Since when? When is the humber? The king of South Florida talk? Is that what this is on his billboards? I don't know. The recording. Is the humber having any billboards? And what about the mad dog? And what about Mo? Huh? Are there general QA and billboards? No. There's the generic one. This is we got balls. But that's for the sports nerd games. Like you just heard that bit. Yeah. What about for all the rest of us? Be sad that one that changes every year. Five seconds that I'm like one fourth of it. Which means that 75% of the people go by in a highway by that one on 95. 75% of don't see my billboard. Because it's one out of four. Are you starting to understand? Huh? Sounds like you're lit. Pick it. Sounds like a lawsuit to me. If you catch my drip. What are we going to do about poor Wayne Arnold now? At least tomorrow I'll get lunch from Wayne and Hudson so they know we still love him. All right. And split of his sex related arrest and the other fact that the claim he doesn't have the district raise running for a debut town council. Hey Wayne, listen, we don't care whether you're on a debut town council or whether you're whipping an out or what you do. We don't care. We still love you. Don't we? That's what we do. We love Wayne Arnold. We love their free food especially. And Hudson as well. Pretty interesting story in a hairlark. Pretty disturbing. Would you say not really. And then the thing about the house of prostitution. Probably a lot of people wanted to know where the hell that was. And then the thing about those swing or clubs. I think maybe that's why he gravitated to me and to you. Yeah. We've got your perverts and now we got Jeff Cohen and there too it's your pervert show. Oh. And WQM where we're radioish dirty birds of the feather flocking together. Here's our first call of the day from Cooper City. It's going to be a good one. Hello. Good morning Neil. How you doing? Great. Okay. The pictures yesterday they had them. Colleach Jake Mohammed. Yeah. Who did that look like? Ron Jeremy. Exactly. Yeah. That's why I said yesterday on the show. I wasn't listening yet. Well, shame on you sir. Shame on you. Did we give you a pass? No. How many do I got to say? How many hail. Niels do I have to say? 72. 72? Yeah. I will do that sir. You have a wonderful name. Start counting now. Okay. Thank you sir. He looked just like Ron Jeremy on a bad day. Colleach Jake your booty Mohammed. Now they embarrassed him. They broke in there like in the middle of the night. Late at night. He was in his underwear and all that stuff. I think it's wonderful. We're doing a job around and up the real evil doors right now. Let's let's how about we put all of our energies into that instead of this religion based Jeha that the president wants to unleash on Sodom and the Iraqi people. See if you're going to save Iraq. You have to kill a whole bunch of them first. If you're going to save the Iraqi people. We're only going to kill the bad ones though, right? No. Oh. We don't have time to be that selective. We're using the war on either war on the terrorism. That's great. Everybody's all in favor of that including all these other countries that are like phoming at the mouth of the ice this war on Iraq. Everybody's all in favor of that. Let's go get those evil doors. You know, but this far is like lashing out and using all these excuses making up all these stories. I'm not all like crazy about it. Hillary likes it though. All the Hillary bachelors including me will be dismayed by this story, but validated anyway. Senator Hillary Rodden Clinton fully supports President Bush's Iraq policy. For office said last night, on the eve of a visit to an upstate arsenal that makes military hardware like mortars and how it's used for US troops. Senator Clinton fully supports these steps of President has taken a dissarme Iraq, a weapon to mass destruction, said Clinton spokesman Philip Reigns, Philippe. That puts Clinton squarely the odds with the majority in our own party where one recent pull-thong in Iraq attack is opposed by 66% of core democrats. So, it's will only once again suck at around the edges of everywhere just to make sure that she's, you know, when the whole thing is over, she can say, oh, well, I was in favor of that. And I was against that. I was in the middle. I was all over the place. She makes me sick, you know? Yeah. She makes me want to puke that freaking sworey. Yesterday we asked and I thought we expressed it very clearly. We had a tremendous response. So somebody must have gotten the question. But we always had these other people that don't get the pull question every time. Come up with a lot of innings, suggestions like who's who's like Sodom who's saying? Yeah, I'm not saying that. Yeah, I'm not saying that. Are they publicty or in South Florida? I don't think so. Last time I checked. God, some of you people are so freaking stupid. Who is the most despised or was public figure in South Florida history? Winning by a landslide. Nobody can touch him all along. You know, Wayne Gamer run for his money. Nobody can even come close to the double murderer in our audience who's probably listening right now. Oh, man. Oh, Jay. 233 the most despised public figure in South Florida history. That's a long time, O.J. That covers thousands and thousands and thousands of years. All the way back to the end of the year. All the way back to the end of the year. Did we see him in the end of the year? All the way back to the end of the year? No. Side by each. The same guy, if you ask me. Oh, man. We still invite you to call the show and confess O.J. Come on. Do it right here on the air. Get some publicity that way. Kill Nicole. Yeah, we know. 333 for O.J. The juice. H. Wayne High Pingo 266. The H. Wayne, a can't stand you. You're a ficken liar. We thought you were Santa Claus. You turned out to be the anti-Christ. 266. So let's say 3467 behind O.J. That's not bad. It's pretty respectable. And coming up in a very, very respectable third of man is only beyond the, been on the scene for a short time. I, I, I, 139 votes for Mo Howard David. A very strong third place showing how do you like that? Very, very strong. And in just a hair under a year, the man has gone from security to, I'm getting pound to number three on the list of the most despise. And again, that covers like eternity. This isn't like just in your lifetime or like 20 years or last five minutes. This is in South Florida history. Starting with Ponce Dillon. You, you, you, you, let's grateful. Read your big shot. As now we pass the time away. If you're going to be a little hot. If you're going to be just winding all over time. I guess Geldy's getting tired of sucking up. You know, he came handle it anymore. What am I going to do? And, oh, that, what was impossible? What am I going to do? Where am I going to go? Yeah. You know, that's it between trying to stub a stab a stub. But now I say the yesterday. Yes. Snub a stab. He's stubbing toward the jugs mice during the back. Anyway, Joe Carreo was fourth with 94. So Mo Beach out, both Joe Carreo and Alex Pinga, Picania by a wide margin. Nice going, Ermo. Joe Carreo, 94. Alex Pinga, Picania 86. Iliana Ross, late in Rosanna, Dan 61. Janet Reno 53. I'm out. That's your crowd. Nick Navarro 48. Ricky Tickey Sanchez 45. I apologize to the audience. He was like a late edition. And I don't know why. I decided I'm on small potatoes. But if we'd have put him on the beginning, he'd have had a couple of notches. Dr. James Kennedy 33 from the Coral Ridge Presbyterian anti-air. Presbyterian anti-Semitic homophobic church. Speaking of homophobes, Anita Brian 26 out of Cypher, not out of mind. Hey Anita, got any, you know, had two nickels to rub together. No. Rolamartina's 18. Jorge Masconosa's 16. He's been dead for almost six years. But, you know, 16 votes. Pretty weak. Can Jenny speak in a week, only 15. Come on. What does all happen to your people? All the swing club people. They're all in jail. Do you mean like Wayne? Ellis Rubin 13. Don't be picking on Wayne Arnold now. Okay, just because he's got this thing. Okay, besides what's all that about it. What's all what about it? Small, you know, it's the people's role. That's what I heard. Oh, Xavier Swar is 11 Peter Bolger 10. Now we're talking the assassin. They talk about an evil door. Talk about somebody who belongs in a padded cell somewhere, who's destroyed more freaking lives in last 10 years than all the terrorists put together. Petey Bolger. The evil one. Alberto San Pedro. It only ate Moses. Don't get upset. Only ate Larry King had ate. So he's right up there with Alberto. My or landscape only said in Mickey Harrison 7. And what they got in common? What? Choose. Oh, John Henry 5. Jose comes suckle four and sees your odious three. You know, it's John Henry and Jose con suckle right side by each there. Uh-huh. With only five and four votes you want to know why? Why? Or they haven't common. Sports? Baseball. That nobody in South Florida cares about. Baseball. We do have the Marlins at the Metz tonight. Thank God we don't have another one of those exhibition games in the middle of the daytime schedule. Leafs lost to the Panthers. Two to one right here last night in Toronto. Didn't bother showing up. They missed the team. Bus to the uh, or Canada center. Yeah, we're very predictable. Very, very predictable. Hmm. High school. By the way, Stevie. West. Home town boy from here. Mark. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Hey, the spies the most is the spy figures in a history of this town. O.J. H. Wayne, high penga and the molemeister. I'm getting pound. Mr. mole. And if you're going to promote the shore we day now. It's too late. Like Carol King said it's too late. Or like Cornedus brothers and sister rose said it's too late to turn back now. You're not fooling anybody. Certainly nobody on this show. Nobody who listens to QM more than two minutes a day. Too late. Last time did everybody try to get your can. Try to get me can. Try to screw with his show. Try to screw with our lives. What our livelihoods with everything. Poor Zach who was he watch. He was Zach was walking around with a mirror. He makes a big hit of mirror. That's got to be to see that back. You know they have those glasses now. He's not to mention the beast and speaking of the beast. Did we ever get an update on what happened with him? Maybe he's taken to the earth. I don't know. Haven't heard from me. Well, what is that all about? He's our poster child for balance for life. We got the sponsor coming up today. What are we supposed to do about that? Wing it. What am I supposed to say? I mean, you know, I would lie ordinarily because working a QM you're used to it because that's the name of the game a QM is lying. But, you know, I mean for the beast, I don't really feel like lying. The cover up his fat ass. No, seriously. I think you ought to call in right now on a bat line or somewhere. Talk to somebody Carlos or anybody and give us a explanation for what else going on with him. Do you know if he went off the wagon, do you? No, totally. I think I can think maybe you know what happens with these fat bastards. Yeah, I know what act. I know exactly what happens with them. They lie. They lie and then they die. No, but I'm saying they lie and then they go into hiding. As if in just in case we can't see him or grab a hold of him, they were not going to know that he ballooned back up. I don't know that for a fact, but we sure saw him on a herd from the goddamn beast. Okay. Since this is Neil God damn it according to Mo. That was pretty cute, Mo. I'm getting talid. Good. Everybody enjoys it more than us here on a show and nobody deserves it more than you do. That's what Geldey said. All the angst you've caused him, he just can't handle it. He's getting ready to crack the little Geldey monster. They're all going to be out of derailed and aren't talking golf the rest of the week. Wow. 9. 3. 5. 60 WDQM how many times did he hear about an opportunity and you just couldn't pull the trigger. You didn't grab it when your hand was right next to it. And you missed out. Well right now as one of those times, rarely does an opportunity interrupt you, but this one should. 3.45% financing with financial group column toll free, 1.8940. How long were these low interest rates last? Who knows? If face? But when you look back on history, not very long. It's a window of opportunity. Go through it with financial group and get you 3.45% financing and save thousands and thousands. Lots of money. 3.45% financing. Not bad. Call financial group toll free. By the way, a tide record heard a skiing out in Colorado. And we sure hope it doesn't break his neck. The confidential group toll free at 1.8940. That's 1.8940. L-E-N-D. Level 3.45% financing did your monthly payments here some examples for you. A $200,000 loan will cost you only $900 bucks a month, a $100,000 loan only $450 a month. So don't wait to get the balls rolling. Do it right now. Call financial group. 1.8940. The technical housing lender, credit restrictions, do apply and rates are submitted to change without notice. 5.34 APR. 5. Local, this is 560. The ring is on your head. You win. And now it's time for our longest identification. It's from Hank Goldberg. Any right? Please play the air that I breathe. And dedicate it to my Kim Bass and your blow up doll. There's a new prescription drug whose name says it all. Sign a fact. Finally, a prescription medicine that always gives you more than you'd expect. Sign a fact. Isn't it time you experienced side effects? Make-up loss of blood loss of hearing loss of virginity, vertical, impotigo, impotence, imprisonment, shrinkage of the genitals, enlargement of the genitals, softening of the brain, softening of the stool, loose duels, barstools, Toads, duels, huge free historic bats whooping out of the sky and eating your dog. It tells us how we bury very, very, very, very man-alow, rectal bleeding, rectal numbness, numbness, chest pains, Hunger pains, dry mouth, cotton mouth, large mouth, small mouth, hell mouth or death. Side effects is perfect for everyone. Not intended for women who are pregnant women who are men who are pregnant, children with dogs, children with dogs who are pregnant, The elderly, the young kitty cats, steed, parry, tadpoles, devils who are pregnant and pregnant pauses. Induswainers like these. Ask your doctorial pharmacist about side effects. And find out if it's responsible for the mysterious, postulent growth under your left arm pit. Side effects. I'm not seeing it. I love that. Let's just play that for four hours today. Get an 90-share easy, go for it. Got a bunch of butt-sucking fangs, is here that I'll have to get to. Head that one call already, right out of the box. I mean, he didn't have much to say. Although he just didn't hear me say yesterday, but Ron Jeremy. Right. At least he had good eyesight. That's good from Carl Springs. We had a call already today. Uncilluswainers. Without doing any pull, without tipping my head or what the pull is going to be. Let's see if we can get one more. Okay. WQIM. I'm sorry. Yeah, you doing it. Okay. I just moved on to have some Cleveland. And first time, listener. Are you a gay man? Are you a gay man? Are you a gay man? Why do you want a date? Yes. Yeah. He wants a date. Why just care about that scene? No wonder. The most, here's our poll today. Well, like I said, maybe we'll get a real call. He don't count. WQIM. Sorry. I picked it up with the fast try to get quit. Quit picking those up. You idiot. What is Ron with you, man? WQIM. Hello. Yeah. See, this guy has no more material. He used to do that in the beginning of the call. And then he'd say something. Now he can't even do that. This is really bitterly disappointing. You know what? I don't know. I was going to get to today's poll, but I'm I'm tired of giving them a poll. And then the whole show they got calling, how about Albert Curkey, no Mexico, you know? Right. Because today's poll is the most overrated city in the world, which we'll get to. But in the meantime, I want to hear a lot of good material, don't you? Yeah. What were you laughing about? You wanted me to. I'm sick and tear to have it a spoon feed. I'll brush your freaking adults down there. Okay, like this guy. This guy used to at least be. Have something after that, you know? Maybe that was some other guy that all the time. No, that's not some other guy. That's the guy, you know? The hello Neil Guy, then. I entertained his attempt to be amusing, which margin on a scale is zero. And then mine is column. WQAM. Oh, there's no, it's really bad. See, if you're going to, if you're going to, I couldn't hear a word he said. What do you say? Paul Custonobo is a duty bag, I don't know. No duty bag, yeah. WQAM. In addition, which we already know bad. WQAM. Okay. Booga. WQAM. Yale? Yes sir. How you doing now? Okay. Can you play a George takes place? Could I play one? George takes like all the rerun George takes? No. You can't really all, man. Yeah, yes or you. Pondrous. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Yeah, let's dig out some old George takes. Yeah, that's the week we're going to be doing that. I'm getting really old. Yeah, about 90, about 30. About 30, man. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. Amperecisco. Doi doi doi doi! Doi doi doi doi doi doi doi doi doi doi doi doi doi doi doi doi. Doi. Doi. Yeah. Deal. Yes sir. You've done the overrated mosteleurate city in the world today correct? No no I don't want suggestions for the poll, I just I just said that's what the poll is going to be. It right away this guy wants to name you, you know, like yps of the line name is you can. We're not doing that yet, we'll get to that in a few minutes. Now this is sad. The town there are like 5 million people there, you know? Yeah. And there aren't kind of who got any guy damn thing to say. This is tragic. This is pathetic. I heard that disgraceful display this morning on the mole mice to show it there for a few minutes. It was enough to make me was kind of amusing actually. Enough to make me gag on it. But it's disgrace. An absolute disgraceful display of stupidity and insanity. I loved it. We need a lot more of that on that show. Actually because you know that trendy head in January. We want to see that again. You think? Oh well, you don't go talk highly unlikely. W to Q I M. Hey, don't say. Hey, you see me. My folks last night and missing. Did I see what meet my folks? Yeah, I'm talking fine on these on that show. Three sets of twins. You know, I've been there for this one guy, right? And if one guy has to pick a set of twins and the folks his folks have to pick the twins. So they're like seeing a role in into the juicy takes one set of twins and the juicy needs like true to theirs. You're like, well, you'll take your top solve for me. And there's like, you know, I don't know if you like this and I'll look at us, you know, straight guy do it. But anyway, so you know, they're taking the top solve for all and everything and like the first go to know, I can't do that. Well, then I got a video camera like two to passers that are parents who watch this, right? So then the second and the twins come in. Oh, I knew I'm talking for the right of anyway. Did it talk it right? And they're like, well, take you when you take your top solve for your no, no, no, he goes, I want both of your kids. So didn't they stop making out when you're like, both of them are kissing the same time. I'm talking for the other guy who would it out to here, you know, auto-adomolid, right? Then it was. So exactly. So then the third kids come out and they're like, a tie in Mexican a tie in straightened. You know, like, you know, and that's what I was like, they were and then they get in there and then they take the top solve for the mom's watching it comes down and like, staffs, and they had to put the top back on and everything. So it was great. It was totally great. It beat the, you know, man, I'm mad about the files. I told them, you know, with twins and all that. Okay, like, when you're off, come down, get on here. Tides to the smallville speaking of that, right? I guess obviously small potatoes compared to whatever show he was talking about. What was the name of that show? Meet the parents or the folks or something. The parents checked in meet. Is that what it was? Something like that. Sounded like this guy was like very emotional about it. I'm sorry, but I was watching stupid hockey game, you know. Very sorry about that. George is probably watching a hockey game too. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon, where was my, we might just do this every day, the whole four hours, you know it and just Schmidt can't all this other crap. Now, what do you laugh about? Well, this has been very entertaining so far. It would be something hesitant. That one guy. And don't you see a ton of calls on airman? There's smoke in there. Just absolutely smoke in there. Bacon in there. They're shaking in there. Bacon in it. WQAM? Yes, sir. Did you? Is it me or have you noticed that every radio show, even like that the cigar idiot, all that talking about is the their support of the war? Really? cigar Dave? Yes, cigar Dave was talking about, you know, he says he's a general. I was maybe a lot, long asses in something like that. But I was, I was, but put it around in the radio and he was talking about the war. They were talking about the war. I'm in a Sagana cigar show? Yes. He's an asshole. Yeah. And all I hear on the radio and in the media and everything is, I mean, basically you are the old person I hear on the radio or in the media anywhere. And as I think to say, that's anti war, then they can sense. Yeah. And I'm just, I mean, what's it? What's it? What's it? The media used to be the liberal media. I mean, what happened? I'm forget about that. You're living in the past, man. It's it's it's everywhere I turn. I don't want up the window and hear the sound of them boots marching down your street. You better get with it. I wish I would. I would. I would. I would. I'd tell you. I had that feeling to that. I knew it. I knew these calls are going to be sensation today. Oh my god. That was the first. You saved that for the time capsule. I was a spectacular way ahead of you. 926 did 526 did. 526 did WQAM. Hey, I'll tell you something. If your carpets look like they died or like something died on them in a smell real bad too, drag concepts were liked and do a magic trick on your flow. Before you kill yourself, have drag concepts come in at least do it in nice pleasant clean surroundings. Because they will dry clean your carpets, that they only service the world at do this and they make even a worse living carpets in a world look and smell and feel just like brand new. When they get done, they dry in a couple of hours, they smell them and they fresh and everybody will think you had brand new carpeting later to a very expensive price. And when it comes to price, don't forget no rip off, no scams, no per room games that the other carpet cleaning people do. They give you a written guaranteed price of front before they start doing the job. And whether it's time to clean those carpets, a poultry leather furniture, your area rugs, whatever it might be. These are the people do a spectacular job for every time like they've been doing my house for over 20 years now. If you have problem with pet odors or milder odors caused by water damage, no problem dry concepts will make them go away just like magic. Do yourself a big favor, call these people just once and you'll use them for the rest of your life. Call them toll-free 1-800-248-507-1-800-2-485-071 or log under their website at dryconceived.com to see the amazing things they can do for you. Don't forget to dry concepts today at our team tonight! I'll bring fucking your second chin I'll everybody do, Brooklyn But come on and fight over to the middle Go over to the middle Ain't nothing step to fight I'll just step to fight I need it to the left a little To the left a little Now we know lots of advice Come on and take a damn panic position Can't let this person down You are told to turn about Shake your finger at the media See how good they'll be Everybody do, I'll pay you guys Come on everybody, join the front of the knees When you start to think And the public is sway Us'll feed, trade and stage a bombing range Everybody do, I'll play the c'mon and fight over To the middle, over to the middle Breaking up and step to line On the step to fight I need it to the left a little To the left a little Now we know lots of advice Come on and take a damn don't we're making everybody happy Everybody, now let the other guy lean To the other guy, try a feeling Jefferson is bringing another groin Everybody do, I'll pay you guys A sip of Ram's name Back to the old It was harder than your plan to bust With strength Shark and die Now dare with a fan And make me cry I'm a fan Everybody do, I'll pay you guys Ram's home is vital over to the middle Over to the middle Breaking up and step to line On the step to fight I need it to the left a little Now we know lots of advice Come on and take a damn don't we're making everybody happy I'm a fan I'm a fan I'm a fan All the rest of me I don't feel a little And he's with your own Feel that he's everybody Do the princess Now to the old and to the state of shuffle And in the state of shuffle There's a condiment No, no, no, no, no, no And run, run, run, run And run, run, run And try to tip your latest path And you're way down And you're there in practice Come, try again Try again Try again Okay, you want to stay better tight Come, step, try Do this like the Thomas says Make good on your promises Everybody do Do this like your mama says Make good on your promise Everybody do All right Well, he either will or he won It's up to Hillary everybody do Okay Come on Come on Come on Come on Come on Come on Come on When you go to the around here's done come It's all one's a big time star My favorite being I guess Carlos knows which line to it a month Come on Well, how to kill a radio station I thought it was written by Greg Reed But it's a story of WNWFM And open an Anthony and what happened to that station And what in the aircraft How to kill a radio station Certainly could be written by Greg Reed Good at you, but you man If anybody knows how to do it he's the evil doer Anyway, here's our poll today speaking on the arachars.com The most overrated city in the world is now I was inspired because all this crap about Marty Gra. Yeah No, it's man. The big easy for them Well, I hear them say the big easy makes me want to up chuck Well, what does that mean? I don't know. Huh? Like a TZ to get laid. I don't. I don't know. I will see you get drunk. Okay. Get not nauseated. But like here. The most overrated city in the world is and I got a list of five so far New Orleans, New York, Miami, Los Angeles And George suggests it answered them. I don't know why you'd say that Even though because uh, because we hear a lot of good things about it You're saying you're sour on it now So that means it's the most overrated city I think I'm going to be voting for New Orleans But you can make some suggestions for it I don't want to like, you know, cut your off of the past But it just gets pretty pondressed at the entire Collin audience Well, what we're doing yesterday? Oh, you have about the names How about the Xavier Swara? How about the Ann? That's very difficult Because a lot of thinking, a lot of verbal intercourse on a part of the South Florida audience They just don't have it. All that we have had in the first half hour today A couple of real weeners on there. Have we? Yes. I like to get it once just to play the George tapes. He was good. Yeah. Here's a fact that says dear Mr. Rogers and now now they're getting around A little bit better late than ever. Be late at congratulations on 27 years of broadcasting excellence Considering the noticeable heart aches you had to put up with from the Beesley broadcast group these past few years I'm surprised you've decided to hang in there this long you can thank my church for that Girard But thank goodness for us you have my wife and I've been having listeners to your show for the past seven years And you've provided us with endless hours of laughter and peer enjoyment It's regrettable that the Beesley broadcast group won't contribute to same adequate support and resources You when you show to zero, but it will unconscionably pledge into vote all our possible resources To either swill to borrow word from you shows to the Beesley broadcast group as their stables These other shows can only aspire to be in the same league as you and you are That's so really correct. Correct. Thank you Girard. Thanks very much This is cute. Congratulations Neil nine years ago. I was hunted by all of the fine craps out photo hands to offer But you described how great Las Vegas was so one day I got fed up Packed up my belongings got to hell out of dodge Well, I've been living the good life in Vegas ever since thanks to you I get to listen to you on the internet while being far away from all the blue hairs smell like Canadians New Yorkers are cafe cubanos you are truly god happy anniversary Eric in Vegas. I think I guess you better put Las Vegas down to on the list I guess before somebody else does. Yeah, we'll put it on there. Be true to the punch I mean, I'm not seeing it so worried and I do a lot see there's another example I love Vegas just like I love Amsterdam. I'm just not ready to go back anytime soon You got it. I got it. Okay. Well overrated means overrated doesn't mean it's a bad place Yeah That's all Are you explaining my pullback no no to the audience because oh, you know, and then won't do any good Have you heard that by the yeah got to you slow? You could draw them a diaphragm it wouldn't do any good. All right Let's see here's the fact first I think the Turkish parliament did the right thing yati Yati on a first we once that I'm doing the star now that he is charming about about a part. Yeah, we want regime change now You better get with it sir. He says oh, yeah, most an asshole. He's such a homophobic old could. I think yeah old cool does the anoperative term The old pipe smoker Jack the cops is happy 27th anniversary and celebration. We should all go put a big fatty in our post there you go Jack Oh, put a big fat one in your post. That's what Wayne Arnold said course. He's talking about Rochester White hot's Of course in my case that'll be a licenciado present and taste his deck the cup here's hoping we all get to listen to at least another 27 years of greatness from the goddess on Florida radio I hear I'm getting pretty old and we better put George tape songs what I'm here. Yeah some old short pretty old and pondress is what I'm hearing Not like some of that exciting radio like castron over For example We're like the mole mice do some of their real excitement. Let's do golf all day tomorrow and all day on Thursday and all day on Friday from Darrell. What you say okay? Okay If you ought to be out there don't you think why not look at this American children are trying to masturbate with electronic abdominal exercise machines This is like like I who put his thing in the lathe that time. Remember? Yeah, we have that too by the way still. I don't I'm not going to play that again, but you're out of control today Just because the guy wanted to hear an old George tape. I mean don't get the took care of the way. I'm going to give a tough your home number So we can start calling you and bug in you every day with a bunch of stupid crap. Don't call me anymore. Okay, tough Well, there was a message from Greg or a message from Zenda. I don't want to hear about it bug me You know, she didn't stop it and say hi to us this morning. He did Didn't say hi to me. It was a little late for that. Yeah, little bit late As usual, that's a story his life little bit late Just like clearance by the way, Clarence next Monday is paid a the 10th. I just mentioned that now to get ahead start because I know it's a real real big son of dance And I don't want to have to sue the company to get paid Anyway, this is from freehold, Iowa The land over Baptist board and directors approved a $2.5 million budget for creation scientists to open a four-year investigation into an abdominal exercise tool called the abtoner You've seen the informers for the abtoner? The budget was approved last month after several Christian children were hospitalized in over a week's time. Is this for real or is this a joke? It says it first. I thought this website article was a joke, but it's not. Each Christian child suffered similar injuries on and around their buttocks and penises. Search investigators found the actors used their parents credit card to purchase the abtoner from 4am Informers will broadcast the Re� secular TV station in the Moan, Iowa. It took under one minute of you and commercially for Satan ended the voice minds And they began thinking of way they could wrap their devices around their penises said one Christian psychotic. This is a kaka Isn't it it must be it's got to be kaka I mean it looks like a real thing, but then everything looks for real. You know what I'm saying everything looks for real and turns out to be kaka Yeah 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line the most overrated city in the world I've got your mind against a couple of those. I'm voting for Norlans myself. I usually don't tell you I'm from that's gonna get my vote And we can go ahead and put that on there. I don't know if you're gonna delete that like you. Yes, I did during the break. Well, why haven't you fasted already because I didn't know we were done with the idea to get back there We're not done. Did I explain this to him yesterday Carlos? Yes We don't have to wait until we're done. It's pretty obvious we're not done if we were done. Why would I be missing it to the audience? Jesus K Christ man got our use stupid man. I think Greg had a point Maybe that's what he keeps trying to scratch off the top of his head How to kill a radio station by Greg Reed nice job Greg you're doing it. So what day did we go back to ten to two tomorrow since this show is the cornerstone of the station And Yati, I didn't all the other bullcraft that they're always telling me. Oh, yeah, and we're gonna really take yeah, I noticed the real real Hurry I guess we're gonna have to sue on that too, huh? That all this lawsuit talk is flying around everybody's acting like they just you know are doing laughing gas in that place Ten to two that's where it's at this is where they started the the absolute demolition of this radio station Greg Reed and his infinite wisdom First he messed with a morning show that he messed with a time slot. He's got a mess is what he's got right on his hands look like he stuck him right in the url Curl it you know I But his hands stink from the stench When you think you think it's think 942 at 560 WQM if you're working for a bud plug if you're not making any money here's the answer for you According to the Florida Department of Labor computer professionals have big impressive paychecks. That's what everybody wants a big fat one According to these state of Florida computer careers are among the highest paid and in highest demand fast-trank and up you achieve that new high paying computer career in just four short months The vaclocations in Kendall Miami for longer real and now in Pemberg Pines and with the evening we can schedule's there's no excuse to stay and I did and job another day Just say goodbye to your crample boss say goodbye to those two-hour and seventy five-cent an hour jobs and start making a real living Just call our friends at fast train. They'll turn out works call 1 866 fast train That's one 8 straight even the call is free fast trains got full-time job placement guaranteed financing Call them out or check them out of the web if you like it fast train.com So you can have a big impressive paycheck one 866 fast train And be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck told you to call I I This is for 20 of my city You Yeah Did he chuck it or did he cock The access of evil you've heard about it But until now you've only heard half the story Now you can experience the softer side of evil when you join the access of evil fan club I Not that kind of club Sodom Oh, sorry The access of evil fan club has already been approved by the entire population of France and when you join We'll send you an autograph date by 10 glossy of one of the evil but lovely wacky nut jobs who runs a ran Dear In the band Best wishes for an untimely death You so very much deserve regards You're loving Mala Plus when you join the access of evil fan club The dog eating evil doors of North Korea will include a beautiful access of evil t-shirt with this peace loving message Check it out I joined the access of evil fan club and all it got was his loudseet t-shirt so therefore I deserve to die Who? That's so cool And best of all joining is easy Send no money Just keep questioning the wisdom of naming names in the war on terrorism and your remember of the access of evil fan club Join today 946 at 560 WQA And the poll is up just when I'm holding moments ago I'm going to be adding to it You notice my photos on there? Yep The most overrated city in the world is And there's one photo on there. It's mine for New Orleans Oh, but Marty Gros, great man. You go there and get drunk What he was, same thing I've ever been to Key West all the way up in the New Orleans All I hear about in Key West is everybody getting drunk in a bunch of fags running around What's the big deal with that? I don't know you tell me I mean you can go to Amsterdam if you want to talk about your fags running around And I've had other people too, a lot of strange people And Amsterdam, I've never been to Key West. I am fairly certain that Amsterdam is a lot more interesting and exciting than Key West You know who goes to Key West? Who? People like Muff Yeah? People like that Although he was an Amsterdam to us, I take that back The most overrated city in the world is New Orleans, New York, Bimey Los Angeles Amsterdam, Las Vegas, or now added to it We got one here, Paris But it says the food sucks, the people suck and the view from the Eiffel Tower Pales in comparison to the view from the Empire State Building So we got Paris on there, you're not going to hear you're not going to hear you're not going to hear me But I go back, not on a bed not with your money That would George's money 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T And for Raiser Marles Lines W. Q. A. M. Yeah, a benefit with Bubba, you will be disagreeing with Joe Well, get out of here with that same crap, the same terrible crap Are we talking about Bubba and are we talking about the war no? Jesus, the same old tired garbage man In addition to which Bubba didn't start a war where they rack They talked about it, and Rumsfeld and Wolfowitz were like, oh, let's get going to 98 Same tired garbage man, some of you people you need mental health Need to be in a fricking rubber room 560, pound 560 on a AT&T and for Raiser Marles Lines Do you want a screenless and look at that phone pretty weak, huh? Go be a long and here I am, why even say you know, right? Here I thought for just a second why I thought we might have turned the corner to light I think we don't know, no, W. Q. A. M. Yeah, you miss somebody on the pole yesterday. Yeah, Neil Reggers. Neil Reggers? Well, yeah, what how many calls is this today? For 16. Yeah, 16. 560, 560, pot. Huh, five60. It's one of what it is voice to be. AT&T and Verizon Marles Lines. He's working on it, he's doing a bunch of different ones. Kind of like guilty. By the way, guilty is very upset with Moe's when I'm here. Very, very upset. Get in really I guess he stressed the pun of cracking. You know, first his voice started cracking. That was when he first came on a year. But now he's just mentally, he stared to let come on gloomy and belly aching and bitching and moaning and you can understand that you know after having to put up with all the stress have to like toe the line watch every word watch the facial expressions W2QIM WQIM uh her QAM hello hello yes sir I'd like to talk to Neil speaking oh hey Neil it's Alan from western I just want to tell you I really enjoyed your show I'm one of the people who listens to conservative hate radio but I love your show I think your bitch really creative well what does that mean you listen to conservative hate radio what does that mean I'm being facetious what is facetious in what way what does that mean yeah a lot of people don't see the value in people uh shows who have different views than they do but I even know you are not of the conservative el guy enjoy your creativity and your honesty okay thanks Alan for one of the most boring calls have ever heard in my life god was that pathetic or what I didn't really understand it he he's a conservative and he listens to rush and uh whatever the guy the Schmidt myster and all that crap but he enjoys my comedy bits and he's trying desperately for a personality transplant Alan come on go out there and like stick your head out of the window get some fresh air try to life it up just a little bit of course he's right winger so what he's spec you know no say permissia al-Q WQAM what's going on? yes sir how's the weather? how's the weather weird and Miami? Toronto hot and humid in Miami uh on a chilly side you're but not like yesterday and the more about 37 today not bad heatwave yeah I'm in Kansas City it's about 40 years I'm getting out of here already get out of here don't put him on again god damn it Carlos sorry yeah nice going you idiot and I don't believe that guys in Kansas City at all any of them I don't think he's in Kansas City he might be an okadchobe or some maybe in Pohoki oh here's another facts happy 27th and many more years of sound metal health in this insane world thought you enjoyed this exercise from Canadian TV well that's cute thank you so much but I don't have time to read that well I'm on here but thank you very much WQAM yeah sir good morning good morning so while Larry King the worst talk radio show I've ever heard is the morning show every week football ended they have nothing to talk about am I? are you not are you not can mow again? he's gone he was wondering how far he was already ever heard in my life with WOT what is it? I was just told he sounded like one of the guys that called this morning the first one that started the ball rolling with Moldus Morty well he was one of those people fashion Moldus while they're in a banshing mood today you could tell that for whatever reason maybe maybe there was somebody pee down there peri down there I have no idea but he had just a series a whole entourage of a misfits called this morning we're picking up a liftoff so that's good we like it see we don't take it personal on this show we don't get all huffy headband out of shape and self-righteous head and dignity as well I contribute something to the show you know I'm not a compass old ass I'm just an old ass but not compass and sometimes not so bad having an old ass you know better not having any ass that's what the beast is probably saying did he ever check in did we hear anything about it? I call this self-hood in love with him oh well that's the story with him did not answer something what kind of crap is that we got a high paid client on here a very important one we got you know a very important radio show at least used to be before Greg Reid dick with it but you know still we got somebody listed out there and we can't even find out what's going on what a guy who's supposed to be our guinea pig evidently he's living up to half of that anyway I don't think he's a titan that's tragic you know just to leave us holding the sack like that maybe something happened to him heaven forbid oh god forbid how do you think no well well what do you mean no I you know he's just out of circulation he's been busy who knows who the hell knows he's been busy doing what eating yeah maybe he's out on the road maybe he's out another cruise oh wouldn't that be nice well deputy qa m oh la click was it a quick click deputy qa m yeah I can't speak the meal I beg your pardon? what do you want to talk about? oh I just want to have to talk about your poll yeah maybe LA yeah yeah I'm out there already on there puts but I just get through saying the most overrated city in the world is follow my lips very closely we only got a few here to start new Orleans oh look at that Miami's got 15 already I just looked over there to see I just buy accident New York Miami Los Angeles it was the fourth one I mentioned sir Amsterdam Las Vegas and Paris gay Perry you should know that's her gay Perry those are the first seven that we got and we're waiting to see one other ones you might have in mine and of course hopefully places that you've been not a place that you maybe heard about like George with his Amsterdam what are you talking about Amsterdam and you never been on it from you you you know you were really not you were not not interested in rumors okay yeah we're not interested in secondhand smoke we want first hand like if you said hell on a Montana then maybe I'd put it down there who's who saying good things about that nobody but I'm just saying if they were just in case somebody does someday or like if saladied Michigan or maybe connected in New York would be good the who huh how about cherry hello Jersey that was a good place and when I used to have a few white people live in there yeah then the New York well like I said whoever say anything good about that point that's not sure not even the people that live there I want to apologize to all the people from Jersey for the fact that you have to be from there most people from Jersey they save there from New York and I love and I don't blame them because the whole state stinks not our whole state and is your cherry hill is a beautiful place and I do like that ponzyos that restaurant I keep forgetting the name of so really nice place good food and I used to like Jordan State Park which is now closed I can't imagine why WQAM yes um San Diego California is overrated yes this is about big time okay thank you very much San Diego the Nimitz just the ship that is San Diego yesterday do you see that nope we're sending every soldier in the world over there to the to let Sodom have what for and of course on the way maybe they'll make a stop in North Korea after that little episode yesterday the intercepted the uh we're kind of sons playing did you see that yeah I'm sorry I did I did like uh kind of menacing see this is what happens when everybody is in evil door that Molly Ivan's column from yesterday almost decided to read it on the air was so good because I'm sure that not too many people read it on our website I'm not gonna do it because that amount of readbed time stories but it was really good and she said just like it was about how the bush mice do how he started all this crap I opened up a big mindless mouth where the hell is that yeah we got sure at a lot of them today don't we Carlos Carlos same too many yes I have too many well there's a lot of good ones oh here's Molly Ivan's column where she talks about how he opened up his big push on North Korea she says let's review the bidding in North Korea review the bidding is a bridge term for how to held it we get into this mess right but how bush humiliated president Kim Day Jung of South Korea during his visit to Washington by announcing we would not support his sunshine initiative to improve relations between the Korea's for which Kim Il Jung had won the 2000 Nobel Peace Prize the end day Jung North Korea been sending lots of signals it was ready to deal ready to open up make concessions but the bush administration denounced it as a rogue state and used it as a primary excuse to promote the national missile defense system bush ever the soft book and diplomat told a reporter that he loads King Kim Jong Il on a visceral level and called the dictator of pygmy true Kim Jong Il is vertically challenged than a repellent dictator but insulting perinoids with nooks is not smart she says it's a good column by Molly Ivan's but we don't want to read those bedtime stories because they might contain a little bit of truth my local your sports radio 560 series you a m got this Then to the ladies who my run Like I wish I'd have a big gun Got those hands over my face But I'm gonna lose the race And that's what's here it comes Grow up up up up up I'm growing up up up up up They never show this on chairs Up up up If they've been coming out of my ears Hands and guinnets is a mug Now we these are over the run Wish I was wearing plastic shoes I just can't I hold my boots Get ready for some shows Grow up up up up up I'm growing up up up up You better not stand to me Up up up up up I call up every year I'm growing up I'm growing up I'm growing up I'm growing up I'm growing up So if you ever been in New Orleans That's what you do there You drink a lot of crap and then you throw up And then you eat all that caged and crap all that real spicy stuff It'll turn your kishki's inside out Yeah, blackened everything Yeah, your inside is good blackened And your heart will be dirty as well Let's see the most overrated city in the world We got 98 votes in just a matter of moments there I'm just going to be a little strong about this I guess Do we feel strong about it? Looks sounds impressive Miami 29 New Orleans 26 We got a battle going on Paris 17 gay Perry Vegas 8 Now I went with anybody I put that on there because they knew we get some post But why would people say that? Because it's very highly rated Maybe they lost a lot of money Maybe they were disappointed Maybe you get burned out you can only go back and make so much of a contribution But that doesn't make it overrated That just means you let it go It's like saying Shut up or you're great filet minion is overrated No, it's not. It's just you don't want to eat one every day Right Right? Right? Well, every other day Maybe you might want some away in our old white hot Los Angeles 8 Los Vegas are 9 for LA 8 for Vegas, which I still don't get it Although we put it on there New York 7 Amsterdam 4 Out of 105 votes Miami's got 32 in New Orleans 27 That's where the horse races just like yesterday We had a little bit of a race between O.J. and Wayne Old baldy News week magazine is coming issue This next one is coming out there. What's it? March 11th Okay, hint March 10 George W. Bush and God And here's a picture of bush with Jesus behind him on the big mural behind him George W. Bush rises ahead of the dog The dog most days when the loudest sound outside the White House is the dog Distant were of 16's patrolling the skies Even before he brings his wife Laura morning cup of coffee He goes off to a quiet place to read alone Not news Not overnight intelligence he's reading Look of evangelical minisirmans It's called my upmost for his highest And he thrust to this it goes out about 600 pages I have no idea why I put it up to old M think Wow, I could just as easy go out and buy news week But it's worth reading We didn't put this on or did we yet? Carlos No We'll do this tomorrow. Don't let me forget Bush and God It is his defining journey from reveler to revelation a biography of his faith in how he wields it as he leads Nation on the brick of war Because God told him let's go in and kill someone else's Ashmatah heads I guess And news week took this pool News week in MSNBC was there in a bed together Yeah 60,000 votes this George W. Bush's religious faith inappropriately dictate policy Yes only 30% say church and state are supposed to be separated 30% No 68% what's wrong with bringing morality to the White House and I don't know 3% How do you like that better than two to one saying oh no let's bring some See and of course they can fuse morality in religion right which quite frankly I thought that they were like completely contradictory they are I thought that throughout history most of the people like I'll kill the name of religion It was in immoral act To excuse like what they were killing Saving a bunch of people by killing them would be an immoral act I thought but I guess I was confused So of course it's showing about the good overlaid As you say which is one of the biggest problems here's one it says filth of alfayah It says allarises a crack bill crack nutty nasty fans and crack heads And it's also close to cherry yellow jersey right But also the queen cheese is threatening Okay filth of alfay I'll go for it. I'll bite so to speak They do have those filth cheese steaks and I would just be in line to go there to get one Yeah, for lots of bad things about filth of alfayah You know it they bring it up like what like that like that it's filthy filth of alfayah It is filthy but other net it's okay Prime infested yeah But what big city isn't crime infested in in the US. Oh, it's all relative I mean if that's the only thing you can say about it You're on the emerges we hadn't Toronto all last year I don't know eight sixty okay all last year The majority them by the way with guns They're brought in from the US like Detroit and Cleveland I don't want to see you brought them in but nevertheless Let's see if you haven't had a pull on who America should be more concerned about going war with it. Yeah, we've already done that. Sorry Of course, if North Korea had oil we'd be going after them. I've already done this a long time ago. JK, but thanks for waiting for the Impassion suggestion. I don't want to do war talk today to you. No. Well, what's there to say? In fact, there's John Ascrop. Well, to alkada that could destabilize their terrorist network. Well good, and let's have a party. Okay, let's all one of the Marty's Uncle Teddy was supposed to be also stand down and have a party. What is it? Wasn't Teddy Kennedy supposed to be making another speech? That's his under a little while ago. I don't know is he making a speech? Yeah, but I can't find it now He says let's all go get drunk. What did he say? Something like that. I think that's a good idea. We got this Mohammed, the shaky booty whatever this guy's name is Khalid They're all named Khalid or Mohammed or something like that all these evil doors. Yes, and we got him And we got all the crap. We got a treasure trove of info is what they said a treasure trove. God sounds like an ad for something you open up on Valentine's Day or Christmas day. It's a treasure trove of goodies. This watch. It's so sad. You know, it's so sad that the people are such a bunch of sheep and they get lit around by the nose And here's A and here's one and two and it makes seven. What? Yeah, one and two makes seven. Okay, whatever you say. Oh, a bunch of these people if they told her to go to the edge of a cliff and jump and they'd be okay. They'd land right under feet. Oh, sure whatever you say, I believe you. Oops. They get about a third of the way down. They say maybe this wasn't such a good idea after all, you know. For me for Miami is the most overrated city in a world. I can't imagine why anybody. Oh, we say Miami of course. We're talking about South Florida right. We're talking about Dayton Broward. Great. Greater Miami. Right. Glucier. Glucier. Glucier. Whatever it is. These people that wave about. Oh, it's so wonderful. You know, I don't care what anybody says. I've been here for almost 30 freaking years. What's so great. When I got there wasn't so bad. Maybe I'll take the blame. Okay. When I got there was okay. And now it must be my fault. I must have bought all those illegal aliens in the 1980 Carlos didn't you? No, that was Governor Bob who wants to be present now. He went down and walking with open arms and legs. Hey, yeah. Everybody come on down. Are you criminals to all you mass murderers or you lunatics or you crazy people that they wanted to unload? Come on in. And that was only a part of it. And then of course you look at the various parts of town like North Dade used to be a great place. Used to be a marvelous funny not great, but he used to be pretty nice. You know, it was okay. And more and more parts of South Florida turned into like outdoor toilets in the into like exposed septic tanks. If you catch my drift catching it, I can smell it. What's the big deal? Okay. So the weather's not so bad. All the way understand. Yeah. Yeah. Hot and humid. Not good. The skaters the size of pulling balls is what I'm hearing. And yeah, who the hell might have talked yesterday here was like again, the morning 17 below zero Fahrenheit minus 35 Celsius. Whatever hell it was. Do you have any times I left this place yesterday? Once. Once. That's because I've already told you. I went to the convenience store, which is very close by. I got me some soda. My diet soda. And I got my newspapers. And I came flying back in and that was it. Got the heat cranked up real nice, toasty. And that was the end of my adventures outdoors yesterday. And that was like late in the afternoon when it was already up to minus 13. I'm like a heat wave 35 today, baby. And I have no problem with that. So I mean, weather is neverthing. But all is crap that they said you're about that beaches. But there's like nice sandy beaches everywhere. The beaches in Panama City were a lot nicer than beaches in Miami and Fort Laterno. When you agree? Never been to the Panama City beaches. Have you ever been anywhere? We keep going over this. You have even through two egg. Have you been to that stoplight there at two egg? Yeah. Have you driven through that thing? I've driven through the swamp of Florida, but I haven't gone to the Panhandle beaches. Why not Panama City? It's beautiful place. That's where all the Bible thumpers go. Yeah, all the people in the streets. There brings our right on the beach. You're making my case. Well, I remember one time many years ago. I forget what they're like. I was doing here. I guess it was on vacation and just driving a west coast. I stopped off at the beach in Panama City. I'm going to tell you there was a busload of Baptists. Yeah, there you go. Young Baptists. And I'm going to tell you my tongue was down to my toenails. I have a number. What? You want to baptize them? They were like out there making out on the beach. They were like, you know, like a little time religion, baby. Don't forget smallville tonight. I'm willing is causing a swelling and so is Lana. I saw really freaking movie last night, but I don't have the name of it. Who was it? I think it. Huh? It was about this guy who fell in love with his father's, with his step mother. Okay. And it was a very bizarre twisted tail in about how the killed the step father for the money. And it just, uh, kept twisting and turning back and forth. It was okay. He looked pretty good. Twelve minutes after ten. Well, I mean, you know, you're going to have a hook. There's a hook and did anybody call about what's your name, Jordan and Brewster? No. But that or name? That guy yesterday. Yeah, just one guy. Try to turn you people out of something good. You don't know what I'm talking about. It's because the same old, uh, Brittany this and Brittany that. I mean, Brittany's fine, you know, but Brittany's old news now. Look at what George Herbert Walker said. He said, I don't even know who that that is. And I want to know. I'm afraid to know. Yeah, he might feel a tingle. Yeah. If he saw that or maybe if he saw just in Tinkerbell, he might feel a tingle. Ten 13 at five 60 W to come. I'm rambling. You know, I like it. I'm going to start rambling every night for four hours. Rambling, taking a few screenless calls. That's what we're going to do for now. And I've decided. All right. Because I'm so frustrated with freaking Greg weed with his, with his lackeys around here who sit there and talk a good game. Fapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapap I noticed ... balance for life. If you've tried all the other dyes, if you've tried pills and liquids and fads and you're just frustrated as hell because you're still fat and on healthy and you look like crap and your clothes are like pup tents. Give this a try, you got nothing to lose but all that unhealthy weight. They deliver everything to you for each day in a little black sack and that's it. It's all the narrow keep you full because there are three gourmet meals and two delicious nags right in your little black sack. They deliver it to your work, your home by six A.M. And believe me, everything is fresh and delicious. They're chicken dishes and beef and for tadas and omelette and all kind of really need things. They're raps. They're crates are great. This isn't some kind of a drastic crazy dieting regimen. This is a great way to eat for a long time and it lets you choose between two choices for each meal if we did that throughout a program. That's all I think and you have to do. Just open your mouth and pop it in your post and the weight pours off your body. So if you really serious about losing the weight once in a row, do what they delicious, the smart way would balance for life. Let's then take care of all the choices for you. Call 9-5-4-5-6-832-29 and say what happened to that fat pig the beast by the way? Call 9-5-4-5-6-832-29 or check them out on the wicked worldwide web at balanceforlife.com. Now my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my my, my, my, my my, your, I, my, my, I, the very good, the my, my my, my, my is the And today that my dancing is I laugh at itись with that magic it just end too pretty with my magic, laughing. Elkie sometimes, but I think I lovoted. I feel like she like when she can never come back to me like in that she's puzzled and Larry like me like girl like her laugh, or without her אנחנו. Yeem, I think she makes that awkward hands in front of her father. Where am I, I want to go back to her mother? It's now when you will want to hear I'm getting this epic Guinness Pick the pick Who give up with Sheila Lopez Don't be fooled by the shammaxt class Oyster Oyster Sheila Mammloff And this shell alienator From the glee I'm getting wrong in here And being a non-behors Who give up Drive boy and pick up a coffee today Watch the charts It's sure to go But go Ha ha ha ha ha Are we a little early with the same paddy's day stuff It's awesome Great I love that Play it up on a 17 But I think we got all the other stuff The leper condoms and got a lot of the Irish So we're gonna work them all in When it got working out Convicted killer cellity faxes This was I did see it I didn't want to talk about it Because they faxed it and just makes me so guy They impissed off Convicted killer Nathaniel Brazil's 16 Contest adult sentence Moments after their teenage son was sentenced to 20 years And prison for killing his English teacher Nathaniel Brazil's parents said they had faith His case would be overturned on appeal But it's not over the 14 year old's father Nathaniel Brazil's senior total thronger reporters Surrounding him outside the Palm Beach County Courthouse July 2001 Almost 20 months later Nathaniel mouse 16 We'll get his day before an appeal court The Palm Beach County Poverty defenders office Has said to go before the fourth district court of appeals In West Palm Beach today to ask that Brazil Seconded the murder conviction The set aside The appeal centers on two arguments That Brazil was unconstitutionally treated as an adult And the prosecutor made 20 inappropriate comments to the jury This is the kid the child is teacher very Bruno in the face And killed him dead Yes May 26, 2000 Lake Worth Middle School And should have probably had life in prison Or maybe the African lethal injection Or you can't do that to a 14 year old Mind how not When a 14 year old shoots you in ahead and kills you You're just as dead as that when he was 18 or 19 or 20 Oh they wanted to set aside That's right Just turn him loose Just turn him loose On a technicality On his show we say no way In fact on his show we say double sentence At least 56 years minimum Would you say right on Bleeding hard funger assholes Rick and Tampa says his resident I can honestly say that Tampa is a highly overrated city Even with a guy damn super bowl win Nice gone air by the way Rick told you Told you those bucks would do But of course most of the buck and he is none of the bucks are from Tampa So Our hockey team sucks our baseball team is pathetic Our local politicians are more conservative Latances and real issues Says Rick and Tampa let's put down Tampa We're getting some good selections in here Which I'll get to In fact I like this thing that you've fact that somebody's sin in Survey ranks the world's best and worst places to live will get to that Or these other factors Big Arnie says Dallas You says New York and Vegas are not overrated The greatest places to go in America Overrated is Dallas a hot city With nothing to offer but a bunch of yating Yankee hitting good old boys The airport is the worst airport in the country To drive it remember when we went to Vegas Yeah You were on that one trip or we had this No you weren't no No we were there we had to take the The Daisy chain circle around the Dallas airport Right Right Was there we were creating a little spot Before they had national Before they had those nonstop direct flights They had to go to the other one You do not have that little train A lot of mine do like doing a little bit of a train Like they got one in Orlando at the airport But this train goes out over to hold God damn city Right Cross the road and under the overpass Nobody underpass We saw Carlos sit on the overpass It goes in a circuit but only in one direction And we just have to need to go to the right The one that went next to us but on the other side And you're looking at your watch Like I can actually make my flight If there's some time before midnight and it's 10 in a morning You know It says the airport is the worst in the country to drive And as every speed becomes a circle you know where the other you're going It says there are a bunch of prejudice assholes A big city with backward ways Okay, that's good enough for me We got Dallas and Tampa And don't forget Damn what right And they can take the bucks and stuff them too But I'll bunch you That is such a A bunch of retardos Where did those people come from? I just can't get over it What the tampons The tampons Where did they come from? They must have come down stream from Nashville They must have The head to head Dog and pepperopinesis Congratulations on 27 years of South Florida radio activity I've been an ambassador for 25 of those 27 years And all I can say is Oi And he mentions the city that I thought I've been in Africa because I'm getting old and feeble He says an overrated city is Isner Orlando A central Florida backwash He claims the famous a theme park dedicated to a fictional rodent And the rest of the town is merely an imitation of that tragedy Oi blacking, Jay have a great taste Is there a dog and pepperopinesis? You've got a jug of saner or land or your right Highly overrated Why do they got there? Especially since all the Bible numbers Goes down orange blossom tail All the trailed of titty bars That was long time ago All the Bible numbers See that's what goes on in Florida Let's close down the titty bars and the swing clubs And make it into a big outdoor church So only the religions can go and square everybody that then get their hands on Kind of like Nashville same thing Church on every street corner and kitty corner across the street is a bar Here be every street corner, bar on one corner and a church on the other corner At least you don't have far to stumble afterwards Right All depending on which way you're going So anyway this survey from a roiter is the Swiss City of Zurich Edge. Vancouver Canada then the Austrian capital of Vienna to top the quality of life survey published On Monday I want what's the date on this? Does it have a date? I'm looking We are Now look at this this must be my psychic powers again It was published yesterday Baghdad Iraqi capital where residents are preparing for a possibility west-led war Place 213rd teeth of the 215th city study And that's where we start dropping Blah blah 213rd out of 215 not too good The study handed the crown to Zurich based on 39 criteria ranging from Political, social and economic factors that also included the quality of health Education and transport services. Zurich I've never been in any of these places. Zurich, Vienna or Vancouver or Baghdad Even though we are in a video Baghdad according to some of our listeners Now you know where to go in your next vacation. Zurich which is surrounded by Picture S C and we also found the top spot in last year's survey of cities Commission by a merciless human resources counseling, where the LAR Vancouver nestle between the mountains and the ocean on Canada's Pacific coast And historic Vienna ranked as joint second followed by Geneva And city Australia is that's an even New York or Geneva Switzerland A G Sydney, Australia Well that's because they're all those flags there Auckland Copenhagen the German cities are Frankfurt and Munich and the Swiss capital of Burn all types of fifth spot. This has kind of a distinct Swiss flavor to it, you know But it's kind of a swish feel to it At the other end of the table, Congo is Brazaville and Bangalore as in Bapongoul in the Central African Republic where judged at the worst quality of life both behind even the Baghdad Top rated city in the US was San Francisco which placed 20th down from 18 last year San Francisco Hi Leo, I want to put that on there overrated. I'm putting it on there. You ever been there? No, of course not. What am I asking you? How about Carlos? He never been anywhere. Carlos is going to put it on a lake. Dave County Seattle. That bit of a whole place is just such as a Colorado a few places of Colorado. You mean like a you just worked at the state or like to do the place having like a name to it? Well Steve both springs. Well, ask where? Vale. Oh, you're one of the skiing people. Yep. You see that Canadian judge. She was skiing to your run over by the what do they call those trucks? They're clear the past. No, Paul. Something like that. It wasn't not the not as proud as there was no bus. Or fancy name like a death machine. Well, she got little by it. Sunny bone all of what happened to him and Kennedy guy. Not a good idea. Carlos for a little pump like you to be out there. You're already skating on thin ice of what I'm hearing. That's what Eric said. 26 past 10 at five 60 Q AM where were radio is sure check out that billboard if you look real fast. Now we're getting the list and the addresses and the other stuff about the other billboards if there are any other billboards. Is that as just a scam to try to pacify normal language? I didn't even understand it to show how slow I am. I thought they actually wanted to promote us and all of the station. Come to find out if we're just responding to what they thought was a big lawsuit. It turned out to be just a scam. I saw a norm nice nice word. Oh, I'm timing it something right. Scared to live in pants off at that silly bastard. God. Remember old dirty bastard. We got silly bastard. 30. We're coming. But 30. 30. If you're elected about ordering a bed over the phone or anything else or a phone, don't be reluctant. Don't be recalcitrant. Because over a million people about a mattress over the phone from dollar. My Chris including me, plus hundreds more every week. George has done it. McEllis done it. And ordered the mattress too. You know our good friends at dollar. My Chris by now. We've been talking about them for years on this show. Nothing has got a bigger impact on your life each day and every day than a great night's sleep. Especially when nobody interrupts you by calling you 10. 45 at night after a hockey game when you're trying to sleep, Rimmer. Call 1-800 mattress right now 1-800-MATT-T-RES. You'll have a great night's sleep from dollar mattress. It's the easiest way to buy anything. They carry the best too. In fact, fat boys are raising. I'm going to give me a dollar mattress up here in Toronto. How do you like that, eh? Yeah, they carry the ceiling, surred up, Simmons and King Coil every size and style. I told him I want me a city posture, P-Dick. And you want me said? Just like that, that's what he said. Anything for you, pali? Dollar mattress is right. Number one in customer satisfaction. They've got more repeat and referral customers than anybody else because they know how to treat your right. Once you buy a mattress from dollar mattress, you'd never even think about going back to a show or even a bedding with a Department store again. And don't forget when you buy a mattress from dollar mattress, they'll set it up and take away the crappy old bedding for free. You heard me write. Dollar mattress sets up your new mattress and takes away the crappy smelly nasty soiled old bedding for free. So make the call now to dollar mattress and you had great night's sleep for months and years to come. While toll free 1-800-M-A-T-T-R-E-S, that's 1-800 mattress for dollar mattress, the easiest and smartest, the most inexpensive way to buy a great new name brand mattress. The most inexpensive way to buy a great new name brand mattress. The Rogers got an American music icon, the original Country Punk, and now he's reaching across the Atlantic to pay tribute to England's greatest punk band. It's the best of Johnny Clash. But you're a wreath, don't like it. Walk in the Casbah. The man in black is back, on track, with a very special version of train and vein. Just damn money, though not at all. Just damn money. No way. Yes, London's calling, and they're saying hello. Best of Johnny Clash. If I go there will be trouble. And if I stay it will be trouble. Hello, this is Johnny Clash, and I shot this commercial in Reno just to watch you buy. My brand new record. So you got a let me know. Should I stay? Or should I go? The best of Johnny Clash. Look for it in the combat country section of your local record store. Thank you, Gany. 1032 of 560. You're not looking to good these days, Johnny Clash. No, no, no, no, no. Looking like he's right on the edge of being on a way out. Are those ACN bits? I just wanted that one. Yes, wow. And what about that Zytefix? That was ACN2? Yes. It's a brand new one. There's a new prescription drug whose name says it all. It's not a fact. Yeah, you didn't like that. I love it, but it's ACN2. Well, they're starting to put you up a little bit. Okay. It's their turn. You know how that goes. Kind of like this audience. WQAM, I bet you there's nobody here. Hello. Hi, is this a realtor? Have you got a partner? You a realtor? Yes, what kind? I'm Jackie Weiss, we call a well banker. Okay. I'm not going to put the eye on you. I know. I know. I know. I know. He's got the wrong freaking number. Maybe she's involved in the sale of the station. Ah, that must be what that is. She's from one of those real estate places. Huh? You want to start any more rumors and get Greg any more audio. Do we? Get a stomach turn again. I haven't puking in a waste basket. Like, am I, does it? Yeah. Payback is a bitch, Greg. Okay. You're taking years off all of our lives. Now it's time to pay you back to reward you. For the abuse and the nastiness and a hostility and the throwing people under the bus. And trying to blame other people for your own bad, bad, bad decisions and bad heartful. I heard I heard mistakes, whatever they were. What were they? Crap. Rad McNally has this to say about Miami. Did you enjoy this in midstream? Here's our survey today. The most overrated city in the world is New Orleans, New York, Miami, Los Angeles, Amsterdam, Las Vegas, Paris, San Diego, Philadelphia, Orlando, Dallas, Tampa, Tan, France, Go is what we got so far. The most overrated city in the world is, is our pool and I'll tell you what we got so far. Like my reading that, like a moron. Because it's there, I guess. Miami 68, New Orleans, 44. toilet, Paris 35, LA 18, New York 16, Las Vegas, a dozen. I'm sure I'm 10 and none for anybody else. None. Huh, well they just went up there I guess. Rand McNally has this to say about Miami. At least according to what somebody just asked me, it says, Porque's use for a city, center of rampant crime and hub of the ignorant. Come on, they must have made this up. You think I'm sure? With a plethora of ethnicities and nationalities, it is truly bathing that there is zero semblance of culture. It is very important to have a compass when traveling in Miami. If you get lost, just head north through not stop and ask for directions. The people probably don't speak English, you'll be shot and cardjet. But I good note the climate is warm. Yeah, right, Rand McNally, my ass. You know what the guy's name is, Joe McNally. Maybe New David, now he used to pitch for the Oreos, you think? No. No. Cute, very cute. Anyway, getting back to the survey that was taken yesterday, but this is amazing. How are you just calling it a bucket of crap again, you know what? Keep following into a bucket of crap. I get up, shower myself off. Let's see, Zurich, top to pool. Other notable cities included Amsterdam was number 10. The most livable. Now what is the question again? The top rated is what? Uh... Well, I see 39 criteria ranging from political, social, economic factors. Quality of health, education, transport, services. Yeah, the transportation is good, Amsterdam. Sometimes in the summer, there was smells real bad on that tram. Woo. Amsterdam was number 10, Tokyo 26, London 39, LA 53, and Rome was 66. Rome is not especially, I do like it a lot, I love it, but it's not very livable, because it's congested. And polluted. It is. You're a bit near, of course not. But what are you laughing? We keep going over this overnight. There's a railway shortage. I've been in there when I'm running. Well, man, you get tell him to buy you some plant tickets and send you into the Toronto world. Years. Why not? Just because of that little lawsuit? Maybe because he's irresponsible and a scumbag. Maybe? Retardial, okay, you're old news. Anyway, lower down the table, Athens was 79, Istanbul, 91, Rio de Janeiro, 108, Jerusalem, 126, New Delhi, 162, the old deleted better. And Havana, Cuba, 189. African cities occupied 17 to the bottom 20 spots. That sounds like a racist thing to me. When you think, you'd think. And a related survey, also by Mercer, looks in Burz Square the highest for personal safety followed by burn, Geneva, Hellstinky, I like Hellstinky. It's a nice place, Singapore and Zurich. Milan, Athens and Rome were judged the least, safe cities in Western Europe, while Washington got the worst safety ranking in the US. You know, I was only a Washington DC once in my life. Yeah, I was it. I think I was just driving through. I don't think I ever even stopped in signing the hot spots. I've been there. Really? How about that? How was it? High. Yeah. And very governmental. That's taking my spread. Very governmental, excellent. Leave it to Carl. He's going to come out with his own brand, McNally, Washington, hot, in July, and very governmental, free judicious. Oh, brother. Are here some good news. Speaking of looking around the world, Afghanistan retakes the heroin crown. We sure did it for them. I, poppies. Afghanistan retakes places. The world's leading producer of heroin last year after US led forces over through the Taliban, which had been banned, which had banned cultivation of opium poppies. The finding was made in a key drug report distributed in Kabul on Sunday by the West State Department, which supports almost identical findings by the United Nations last week. Low grade heroin is we find in Afghanistan from opium, which is manufactured from the extract of eyepopies. The size of the opium harvest in 2002 may self-genestend the world's leading opium producer to report said. The international narcotters control strategy reports said the area of land used to cultivate opium poppies reached 30,750 hectares compared with 1685 in 2001. That's hectare Lopez. Afghanistan overtook Burma whose production fell for the sixth grade year as leading opium producer. The British government is the leading sponsor of the anti-grugs campaign in Afghanistan and is usually British are doing a very important job. So my amy is pulling away now is the world's most overrated place. And I'm heartily, well I didn't vote for that. I voted for an orlons. I mean, at least in my amy, you've got, you do have some beaches and you've got some nice weather for about 20, 30 days of the year when it's not real humid, about 30. About 30, man. But other than that in the world, it's just a sore. It's a sum pump and all this crap to meet you. See the media is responsible for poisoning the public's mind unsuspecting Porsche mucks out there. Oh, it's the big easy. It's morning, bro. Everybody's having a great time. Everybody's drunk. Everybody's puking our guts out. Yeah? Let me ask you something. Can you get drunk like within a few blocks of home anywhere you are? Yeah. I'd much even in Albany you can get drunk. I'd much even a candidate when the York you can go out of the bowling alley and get drunk on your ass and puking your guts out. And probably get better food and you can't in New Orleans. All of that cage and spicy crap that'll just turn your kishki's inside out. Oh, god. And then every time I think about New Orleans, I think of that, the emerald of gassy. He just makes my skin crawl. Bam, bam, bam, bam. He's been doing a lot of that as well. We're hearing. Resulting him the divorce and very ugly settlement. I'm a bam. Bam, bam. No, thank you, man. No, no, no, no. Another TV creation, just like Dr. Phil. Turn on the, about two minutes before our sister clock last night to see the news on CFTO, which they do a real good job here at news. And guess who's show is just then to get that point. Dr. Phil, does he belong on the ear? No. Does he have anything to say? No. Is there any reason why anybody should watch Dr. Phil other than he used to be on Oprah? No. He's on there. Yeah, but he's telling it like it is. He's keeping it easy. He's a big, tabakrap who says the same damn thing to everybody. And that's what the public wants now. That's why Dr. Laura became a got her thing before our TV show bomb. But that's why she got her thing on radio is because she was putting people down. That's what they want to hear. And that's his whole thing is putting people down, telling the how stupid they are and and competent and net and they're doing everything wrong. Just look at that and we go and ask whole. Yeah, that's what people want now. Yeah, but it looks like a reality show is they want to see people put down and people stabbing each other in a back. These are the American values that we treasure in cherish now is stabbing everybody also in a back and getting even with these money-grabbing vices. Yeah, these gold diggers. That's right. That's why those guys are watching Joe Mignier because they want to see him getting one of these damn gold diggers. Including petty white. You know, she was great to Alan Luden. I like his cough drop. The 1041 at 560WK, you weigh M. What am I looking at here? Aren't they laws and just what am I looking at? I'm looking at the wrong spot is what I'm looking at. Oh, no. You don't want to do that. And we'll get the time-dreck all up, so wouldn't it? Well, that's something to think about. He makes my skin crawl tied wreck by the way. Remember the day that that guy called it? What do you pick and I'm every time I mention about Todd wreck his boyfriend calls in? Well, I know Todd is a good guy. What are you racking on? Because he's an asshole. And he's skiing out there in Colorado right now. He said, That was another one of my veiled comments. He makes me nauseous. He represents everything evil. A QAM. And that covers a lot of territory. When you agree, yeah. Don't want to do his job full of crap. Just a general problem on two legs. That's Todd wreck. A problem on legs. 1042 at 560WK got the mad dog at one hand. He's doing a show from the McAurete, the Miami heater rena. The McEurosin Arena. The Mickey, the Mayor, Pinga, Picania, Arena. Marlins at the Metz. 655 and that exhibition is baseball and the interest. No. Eddie can't do the baseball games. You and Mark overnight. Heard the moe pushing for listeners for 80K. This morning. He's sucking them out with everybody. Now, Moe is looking for somebody with whom to align himself. Is that going to work? No. Not the guilty's not running around all over town. Even a stranger's getting... What am I going to do out moe? What am I going to do about moe? He's killing me. Moe. No. How many times have you heard an opportunity you didn't act? You just didn't grab it when you had the chance and all of a sudden just disappear like that you missed out. Right now is one of those times reach out and grab for it. Rarely this is an opportunity interrupt you but this one should. 3.45% financing with a financial group column toll free. 1-800-940-Lend. How long will these low interest rates? Who knows? Even George Dono. But when you look back on history not very long. So this is a window of opportunity. That's the way to look at it. Go through that window with a financial group and get you a 3.45% financing. And save yourself a Schmidt-Lota money. 3.45% financing. Confidential group to check this out the lines are all your questions with no obligation. Call 1-800-940-Lend. That's 1-800-940-Lend. And what will 3.45% financing do to those monthly payments? Here's a couple examples for it. Even idea of just how much they'll crush them down to like for a minimum. You get a $200,000 loan you're paying only $900 bucks a month. A $100,000 loan you pay only $450 bucks a month. So don't wait to get your balls rolling to it now. Why do you think it about it? Confidential group toll-free. 1-800-940-Lend. There were an equal housing lender credit restrictions do apply. And rates of course are some of your change without notice. So get with it. 5.34 APR. 5. The logo of this is 5.60. 3.00 yours. Oh, you idiot. You way in. God. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30.30. 5.30.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 6.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.30. 5.50. 6.30. 5.30. 9.30. 5.30. 7.30. 5.30. 5.30. 7.30. 3.30. 5.30. 7.30. for 15 years. Thanks. And you got to admit that one of the works overrated city is especially in South Florida in Keyway. Never been there. You cannot live in that much. Okay. They make new Orleans look like Rome. My paradise. Okay, I got it down. Thank you. Never been there. If you write it in a muff or a suds down there, you've been there. Yeah, I've worked in them. We used to remember when we had our transmitter laying on the side down there in Keyway. That was not the one that was great. Gosh, broadcasting. Cool. We were going to sign up. You guys in Keyway. The only problem is that it's a station where the tower just blew down with a storm. And that's a true story. And it improved the reception. Yeah. My hand at the sky. The tower was laying on the ground. In fact, the people in Keyway stood here W.O.D. signal better than they could hear the local station. Because their tower had been knocked over and was laying like a... ...and they were so odd. What a joke. So we got Keyway's done there. And you keep in track of all these or what? We are. We are? No, it's kidding. And by the way, I mean, Carlos. I'm feeling it to Eric because somebody is... They're all on there. How about I got him all on there? And now we're just adding Key West. San Diego doesn't have any. I don't think it's because San Diego is so great. I think it's because they don't give a crap about San Diego. It's just... vanilla. You know? It has to be rated before it can be overrated. Right. Exactly. It's kind of like... I'm trying to think of somebody around the station who's kind of like that. You know, like... Adam's ran. Adam. Excellent. Very good. I mean, he's okay. He's a good guy. We like him, but he's got... In no personality. And he's... If you were like to say something ascriptive about Adam you'd say. I don't know. You know, he's a guy. Right? Right? He's just a guy. He's a guy. He's not so good. He's not a bad. He's like, uh... He's just a guy. Generic. I would've tied. Makes us want to die. 1056. F... F... F... By the way, the magic mushrooms arrived here in Toronto. That's why I'm like all wound up. See? He's going to instantly get mushroomed. They ship stuff in from all over the world. Magic shrumes. Captain Dave brought him in personal, by the way. 85 votes for Miami. The most overrated city in a world. I've been trying to tell you that Lynn. You never talked Lynn out of that. She's a Lynn Sam, well she's obsessed with South Florida. I like how I told you yesterday. She wants to be an AK. She wants to go down here like, you know, lay on the beach and the vegetation. Which is a shame. What a waste of a mind. What a waste of a life. To go down here like hide from humanity in God's waiting room. Traject. Boachoplin. God damn it. Did I say 1057 and 560WQM were weady wish? Did I say that? Yes. I'll tell you some guys who are... I'm a car-ish. Tom Leiman is your Prieto. And Halapani Agnashley is not a car-ish to the real thing. That's why they've been there 35 years. Anybody who's been in that location for 35 years plus taking good care of people is not like car-ish. They be the real Le Deal. And Halapani AGMC right now as I speak are proud to announce three great Neil Rogers-Neil deals. That's how much they love me in this program because they name everything after me. Even the restrooms there. Neal Deal number one, even some of the glory holes I'm hearing. Neal Deal number one, gets 0% financing and all GMC 1500 series pickups. Neal Deal number two, number O'Dose. Lisa GMC envoy for only $299 a month plus tax for 48 months. That's correct. Let me say it again, only $299 a month plus tax. And Neal Deal number three, trace this call. By Apani AG5 for only $199 a month, you heard correct again only $199 a month for a great Apani AG5. And as always, Halapani has got unbeatable deals on dependable use car-trust and gas-cuzzling SUVs. And if the other guys in town say you've got very marginal credit, you once worked at QAM, have no fear because Tom Laman's here. He'll cut you with deals somehow some way at Halapani AG even if Carlos has to make the payments. It's the great Neil Deal triple letter going on Halapani AGMC and you'll find him in that same familiar spot, $1.341.6 highway. That's US one right across the street from the falls open every day, seven days a week. If you want to get more information about the Neil Deal deals, just call the Neil Deal hotline, make sense to me, $1.385344211. That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven. Don't forget all Neil deals are something to credit. Approval senior report entails and Halapani AGMC who be professional grades. Here's the course we need to find six more. You A M. You got a full say to all the f*** up. I was out of who say to all the f*** up. I ran to the crappy little country. Now's like no mustache on a space. Just get rid of that. Go and drink a jubby and blow up the whole goddamn place. I'm just a bullshade to the mother f*** up. started whistling to the mother f*** up. it's a proud of who say to all the f*** 작업s. now to a low p** on. Time for lunch good morning. the three bullets. Remember one on a lid hit for it again. Oh damn it. Uh oh. What did you drop? I got drops here okay and I want to keep everything nice and neat and neat and organized here. I don't want to bring into a toilet like that studio there. Holy flash back back to the bad cave so CBS News.com did we put this on the a thing they were not. Yes sir. Alright. Sonnyarajers.com. Holy reunion 37 years after Adam West and Bird Ward put on skin tight suits to keep Gotham the city's safe from the villainous penguin joker and ridler. You know, you're most rural used to be on her too. He was a Louis the Lyloc. That's right. Remember that? Yeah. The dynamic duo is back together for a peek of what really happened behind the scenes. As in Squirt's Court. A lot of that. They were they were on set explosions at left ward injured daily and counters would lusty female fans. Whispers of West and Ward being gay and complaints from senses about these sexual men. They went to a ABC series that aired to 1966 to 68. Sexual and you went though. No. What are they trying to say? How they try to say to show us a little gay. Our show was a lot different ward said we tease them ton of them and played with their minds. For kids it was kept clean. Teenagers saw the double meetings and they appreciated. And some of us saw the bulge in Robin's tights. West and Ward played off each other as well as they did during the sweeping 60s in the CBS movie. Return to the bad cave. The misadventures of admin were at airing Sunday 9 p.m. on CBS. Is that exciting? One Sunday at nine. This coming Sunday 9 p.m. on CBS right after 60 minutes and what a process on. It's dramatized to an extent but most of it really did happen. All good comedies based on truth West said. Now they're saying we're a wonderful comedy team or we before. In a tour in the tour movie West 74 and a Rotund Ward. Oh my god. Isn't that sad to be seen him? The big bald spot and Chubby looks like the beast. In fact, maybe he is the beast. Maybe that's why we can't find him if we had any word? No. Am I still here? West 74 and a Rotund Ward 57 are forced to be lived there past to find clues to be covering the batmobile after it's stolen from a Hollywood charity event. When a bystander suggests calling the police west in his best dead pants says, this is a job for actors. We'll find the batmobile. Us work replies we wouldn't even know where to start. The movie was done by the same team behind the 2001 CBS hit movie. The movie's surviving Gilligan's island. Don Mary Ann is co executive producer. Dwayne Poole wrote the script in Paul Coffman's director and executive producer. I wonder Paul Coffman's related to Joyce Coffman. The network realized the video of the batmobile and series the way the public responded to West and Ward Coffman said. There's something about those two watching the series as a child. It was very exciting to work with him in a little bit. Uh huh. So I didn't like that. They're coming back again all the way. It just won't be the same, you know. Never is. What is it? You can't turn a clock back baby. I'm sure that they were wonderful guys in the time they hated each other like poisons while we kept hearing. And now all of a sudden they're doing the thing together because they want the mullah. Right? They didn't like each other at all. The most overrated city and we're not hearing any reasons by the way from the audience about why they voted like for Vegas or Amsterdam or some of those places. That would be interesting, but God forbid we should hear that. The most overrated city in the world is Miami-90. Not even close anymore. New Orleans 54. Paris 45, New York 24, Los Angeles 24. Vegas 18. We sure like here what people are why, but we won't. Will we? They lost their eyes. That's my theory. Orlando 15. Amsterdam 13. I don't understand that. San Francisco 3 Dallas 2 Tampa 2 Philadelphia 1. Key West 1 and San Diego still got none. What's not to like? Do you want there's nice? There's a lot of semen. And sailors 2 I understand. And sailors? Are we sunny? Nice light breeze blowing all the time? What's say, you know, I never been there. They got a theory about that Vegas vote. What does that mean? Maybe they went downtown. I don't think it's going to be a deal with it. Where would you rather go downtown Vegas or downtown Miami? Well, uh-huh. The Vegas strip. WQAM. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay. Listen. My Rogers chocolate's arrived yesterday. Oh no. All of know is right. I'm so sorry. You need to play that. You're a bastard. Did you get the almond crunt almond brittle? A couple boxes of them. And they are everything you said they were in more. The fed you're having to get over half. Is that incredible or what? Absolutely the best. When you bite in for the first time in your life to the first piece of that uh, Rogers almond brittle and the taste explodes in your mouth. It's just you say to yourself, how can anything taste this good? Absolutely. I found myself, I bid into it and I'm just like hold it in my mouth. I'm just going to hold it here. I don't even want to chew it up. Yeah. I've had that feeling. Yeah. Hey. I got a question for you. Um, now that we had the $26 billion that we're going to give Turkey, though, it'll be our new best friend. And they don't want it. They want more than that. I guess they want 40 or 50, I guess. 20. Yeah. Yeah. You think they'll be able to turn that $26 billion back into maybe education or health care or something. Here back in the state. No, they want to compete with that Afghanistan on the poppy market. Hey, listen, thanks for 27 years, my friend. Don't overdo it, man. Alright, buddy. Stay alive. You have bastards. I am. And I admit it. You know, you guys see people joke about that because I went on and I gave the website. Um, RogersChocCutS.com. And there are people out there actually ordered it because I told them was good. They knew that I know my craft man. When I told them that some kind of a food product is good, they run for it. They grab it, they squeeze it. I hope it doesn't kill us guy because that stuff is addicted. But whatever it is. And a good part of it is I can't find it anymore. I don't, the place where I used to buy it, they don't care it anymore. Right? And maybe they can't, maybe they can't get it anymore. Maybe it's out of stock because I've got a lot of it. I'm Rogers, I'm in Brittle. That stuff is just, oh, it makes like, it's, it's almond brittle. It's like peanut brittle only made well. And it's covered with like thick rich milk chocolate. Thick dark milk chocolate. Mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm. I love eating nuts. Yeah, where do I say eating nuts? Look, I'm, I want to say it again. I'm not joking, but this, what's happening with him is typical of what's goes out with QAM. They just, they throw you on and then you're just let hanging. Nobody ties up the loose ends. We got 75 people, people with titles running around, going from room to room, panning everybody on, and making sure everybody sees them so they can get a check. You know, and say that they've jumped just a vacation, but in the meantime, nobody ties up the loose ends there. It's like the collage yesterday about, oh, while a George Corso or engineer, he got a email from our engineer guy in Amsterdam. And he can't get into the, oh, my old apartment there because Peter changed the locks and blah, blah, blah, blah. All the other bull crap. Well, first of all, nobody changed any locks. Number one and number two, I talked to my landlord last night and all Mark has got to do is, you know, call him again and he'll, now that he knows what I'm not coming back. Remember last summer in August, the end of August when I came back and I said, I'm not going to Amsterdam anymore to do shows. Yeah. Take the equipment out. Remember I told them that back in August. Oh, no, you know, changes his mind. You don't leave it there. You want to go back. No, and they finally kept banging away. I said, no. And they left it there. Then I go to the Amsterdam for two weeks from my vacation in December. I hated it like poison. It was cold. There's no more tourist anymore because nobody, because of what's going on in the world. It was awful. I was dank. I got sick. Got out of there early. I came back second to January. I come back to work. What's the first thing I told them get the equipment out of the Amsterdam apartment because I'm not going back. I'm giving up the apartment. I'm not going back. Here it's March the fourth. And they're still. And you know something if they don't get it back. Don't blame me. Don't look at me. Because this is typical of the way they do everything. They just did all around and did all around and did all around and did all. And wait till last minute. Well, guess what? Maybe they won't get it out. And I don't know when I don't care. That's their problem. When you give people notice on something on the 26th of August and out's the 4th of March and there's still, oh, well, you know, Neil, my change is mine. Neil's not changing his mind. Okay. For your benefit or anybody else's. I'm thinking I'm going back to KAT. I'm going to play classical music. All right. Why not close out my career where I started it. KAT. Beethoven's Opus 9. Right. Why not? Why not? And this thing with the beast. I just frost my fan ass a little bit because he's supposed to be our poster child for one of our fine sponsors and I'm supposed to be talking about a beat, but I'm an an an an Troy a Stratford as much as I'm always talking about how he's the one good sales guy. He's full of crap. He don't follow through on anything. He'll give me any information. The block mice. They're he's sitting in there. You know, playing Pimp for Greg Reid making phone calls to people that Greg don't have the ball to face. Even on the phone. I tell you that's really. That's the ultimate coward. You know what? It's one thing not to be able to look somebody in the eye and deal with them face to face. You know, I'm saying, yeah, we all know people like that. But it's another thing to be such a coward that you don't even want to talk to somebody on the phone even by long distance because you're too embarrassed by your aberrant behavior. And you have no case to defend. And you've been trying to throw people under the bus anyway and spite of what they've done for it. I'd be embarrassed too. And so I also have lackeys running around calling with these lame. Oh, well, Greg wants me to call you. You know, the studio is not going to be ready in time. That was the beginning of my relationship with discovery. It's going downhill from then. It's tragic. All I want to do is find out where to hell is the beast. What's the story? What is guys? The die is in a hospital? Is the god forbid is something happened to him? This is the beast. Yeah. What's the story? That's all. Is that a difficult thing? I guess. And I'm sure the audience would like to know what's going on with that fat puddle whacker. What's the story already? And in your right, if he's slut off to another cruise, it'll something I wash my hands of that creature. That's it. In fact, I'll personally call the real Troy or what are balanced for life and say, cut off his water. Don't bring this punk anymore food. Now, is he getting his food? Do we know? No, we don't know. Last time I saw him, which was, I guess, a week and a half ago on the weekend. He had his sack with him. Yeah. I think sack is his middle name. If you ask me, we got sack and we got sack. And then we got the beast who got sack. Yeah. It's, it's his saying. It's pathetic. I'm not going to get excited about it. You know me, I had a stroke. Right. Don't get excited. I'm not. I'm starting to like actually give my brains back together again. And it really gals me to think that we got people in that building so stupid. Not to understand that when you have a stroke, you'd last, you want to get your blood pressure up and get all stressed out over a bunch of crap that you even know what they're talking about. Duff. Don't be making any more calls like that. Duff. Are you going to hear click? That's why he's going to hear immediately. I'm going to make you sound. 11.13. That 5.60 W to Q and 4 years have been talking about the health benefits of all your med. In fact, if you're eating that almond really probably should be popping old your med just to be safe. I'll keep talking about it because this stuff works and because these people pay their bills too. All of you may and I'm taking it too now as a matter of fact, every day from my blood pressure. Older you met soft shells contained pharmaceutical grade olive oil not just ordinary pedestrian, mealy mouth olive oil but super concentrated outstanding olive oil loaded with health benefits for you. Older you met every day cannot produce the risk of heart disease, not cholesterol, plus there are 14 different oleomid formulas to choose from. Each one combines pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with vitamins, minerals and herbal to support specific needs, from bones to blood pressure to immune system just choose the formulas that are right for you. And now there are three new oleomid formulas that help you sleep? Want to help you control your weight and co-q10. You'll find oleomid more and more joints because more and more people are popping it every day. Fix them up to day at publics, equards, wall greens, whole food markets, and a varuan sedan on us order it online if you like oleomidamerica.com. For more information about these outstanding products, so what they can do to help your health, call toll free and ask away, call 1-866 oleomid. That's 1-866-655-3663 and start popping your oleomid in your post or maybe in somebody else's right away. It's day in my every town at 566-o-w-u-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-a-l-years mans' reunions were born. For the whole part's games and politicians they know day. It'sьют in daylightuche notes would do I'm a trucker who knows who just got off the boat. I heard Neil Rogers cry. This is the day that probably I'll be done. Everyone who's thought to say to best, are the ones who brought us home and say to them, to my ass. Can you believe there was a time that they had to see knows that how they'd be all. I'd like to work as I said, cry. But the experiment had failed. When the braided came to town, and tore the floor up down. Four, they pissed all over the place. Four, they took the big guy out of the street. I heard Neil Rogers cry. This is the day that probably I'll be done. What a great place to clean this is. The self-serving apple ruin is it's without the fee. I heard Neil Rogers cry. What about the bearer? What about the bearer? Do you have any 25 votes on a pool? And that seems like an awful lot of people agree. The most overrated city in the world is number one with 97 votes Miami. Oh! New Orleans 57, Paris 49, New York 27. Big drop off there from 3 to 4. Yes. LA 26, Vegas 22. We still have nobody explaining that in your right. They probably lost their ass too bad. Orlando 17, I'm stood on 13. I don't get that. Tampa 4, Kewas 4, Frisco 3, Dallas 3, Philadelphia 2, and San Diego finally got a vote. Let's hear it. I guess they just want to recognize them. Yeah, put them on the map. Like red charter. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon, where I'll start. Mad dog will be out of one. No baseball to set no. Oh, we had to wait all the way to 655. He had a marvelous division in game with a match. Thank God. See, what are we moving to show back to turn to two so that we can really take advantage of this, you know, preseason? Not going to happen. They talk a good game and programming and there are middle-level management people. Our operations manager and our program director and our station manager and are this one and that one everybody else. They talk a good game. Pappa, pappa, pappa, ppb. And they just want to pass the vibe because they made a Humpty Dumpty. They broke it into one million pieces and they're going to put it back together again. No, they haven't got a clue what to do. Just like I told you before the show today when they messed with the renewer, it'd queue at IOD and try to like reformulate the morning show. That was it. That was the end of the old IOD. That was the beginning of the end. Fini-toe, baby, finitoe, bini-toe. And the same thing here. The first team. What was wrong with the first team? Okay, so they didn't have gigantic numbers. They had eight million spots. At least it was something for Tom's ticket to write about back when he used to own a radio that they had all those spots because then that's why their ratings were low. That he would write all that crap for his buddies from the racetrack, VFO. But everybody knew the first team and even people who didn't like that show at least they like the guys. You know what I'm saying? Right. We even like Geldie back in those days a little bit. Not too much, but a little bit. Now they kept it late. Right. They didn't pontificate. They weren't pompous. They weren't on their talking down there and noses to the public. Like everybody's a bunch of quizlings. You know what I'm saying? Like here I am. I'm here. Get down and kiss my ring. That kind of crap. Nobody wants you here. Well, when you talk about it. Nobody wants pomposity. You know the word that goes in front of it. Just ask Ricky Carlos in front. Bring that ring. That's the one he's talking about. WQAM. WQAM. Hey, are you doing there? OK. You're rich. Anyway. Anyway, wait a minute. Now why did George just make a sound? When you're telling him like a real familiar voice and I thought it was a chronic sound. It is a real familiar voice. It's fat rich. What does wrong with you, man? Something that I'm watching wins your race way thinking of you because Brad Cramer goes and wins 23 to 1 by 6 lengths. Unbelievable. Six open lengths whipping and driving and slashing and pulling away from the field. But what was more unbelievable last night was the power of your show to get results for his sponsor. The Monday night spaghetti dinner with the Alps. Down the hole and out the door. I think they served almost 300 meals was excellent. Excellent. The dining room, the main dining room, the two-for-one special was packed. There you go. So busy for a Monday night. Outstanding. Incredible. How did you do it? You have the three other one, seven eight? No, but Brian C. is supposed to have me. They're hungry for all. Two doses. They're getting out by dining car on the Donald DuPan. Here we go. This is the end of the show at George. I've got it. I've got it. I've got it. I've got it. I've got it. I've got it. Well, there you go. But they were very pleased with the results of your sponsorship there with. Excellent. Dick Fimer couldn't believe it. So I was rather rich now. How you feeling? You got your insides all straight down. I've got everything all straightened out. Good. You're just going to get my wallet straightened out now for a Saturday night. All right. You have a good week. Okay. I'll talk to you, son Rich. Be good. See you later. Dick and Steve. Goodbye. Tom Dick and Harry. How do you? I told you. Pomp and O'Park to do a hell of a job tonight. Yeah. No. They really are. They got people coming back now to places. Pack during the season. We got some good racing. Got some real drivers this year for a change. And the things are beautiful. Pomp and O'Park. Except we're chatted the three over one seven eight nine broke. Three. Anyway. Three hundred people lined up for their free spaghetti dinner. And you want to know why because times are bad boys and girls. Because the bush master. We got source man. That's the problem. We got the bush master. And you know who told me that the country wanted bush any markets wanted bush may TURCH. What does that tell you, huh? As soon as my TURCH speaks, you should all each and every one of you go. Yeah. Like that. That's right. That's the town you should make. Yeah. We're still thinking it's Greg weed on a phone. 300 people lined up for a free spaghetti dinner. Pomp and O'Park. Nice going. Thank you. And see this business about wow. When he's in Toronto. This time, jica sewage. I would like to. I would like to turn him into the severed head. And throw he said right out the window out here. Seriously. I'd like to show him right out of the young street. There's a not on young street. But you know, nevertheless. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. I'd like to use his head as a soccer ball all the way up on the longest street in the world. Young street in Toronto from one end to the other. Oh, yeah. How's he going to keep in touch? Everybody in our brothers. Let's see if they show Tom ahead to break the news. The response on our website is so spectacular that even Erica's up there squeezing himself. He can't believe it. And because this show has never been better. Now to mean time, those trends who give us a crab. I don't give a crap of all the right wingers get the numbers. Is a matter of fact, Greg weed deserves that anyway. He doesn't deserve the big numbers I get in for five years. Because he doesn't appreciate it in the first place. Because as we ward is to try to like attack attack attack attack attack attack. Like an overgrown child. That's the reward you get from Greg. We just try to give you another stroke. It could happen, Greg. I'm not killing myself for use weed hard. You piece of turd. Here's the fact that when am I getting worked up a bit? I don't know. It sounded good though. I just feel like, well, I got a little energy back. You know, you don't have any energy. You have to have a stroke. People say, wow, I was just a TIA when I'm a little stroke. There's no such thing as a little. They're all degrees. You know what I'm like? Like I say, it was just a little heart attack. You know? Here's the fact that says New Orleans is my vote for overrated city. Excellent. Here's the fact that the finnanda pass you right. That was my vote. It is scummy. That's the word scummy. And unless you're a. Why know it's downright boring. That this is the else something whoever sent this. It's unsigned, but whoever sent this. You got your thumb right on it. It's for professional drugs. It's like he West. Do I drink? No. So what hell do I want to go to key West for? I want to see a bunch of fags. I'm here in Toronto. I don't need to go to key West to see a bunch of fags. Believe me. It says, I was there in Marty Grower. I had a suffer through mindless, drunks, tamering for cheesy worthless beads. Is if they were made a gold on effing believable. It says it's so filthy and depressing with ghetto's everywhere. The streets are loaded with pot holes. And the food is hard attack inducing. I've never seen so many morbidly obese people. If you've never been there stay their way and go to Canada. A is what it says. How do you like that? That's exactly what it is. It's a toilet. Freaking New Orleans. Here's Eddie. Who says, and I can't debate it because I never been there. Most overrated city Luxembourg. Says, I must admit that when it comes to Iraq, you're all this is chronic eddy with Iraq. I'm all about it. All right. Mm-hmm. Our very future resignation stands on this war against terror. To include Iraq, Iran, and Korea. Right. And of course don't forget about Libya and Sudan and the Kuwait and Saudi Arabia and everybody else. Okay. We're going to like take on the whole world. Egypt Jordan, Lebanon. Let's just, you know. Sure. Syria. Let's get Syria. Okay. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. On an ask kick in Tuesday. Here's about time, South Florida, woke up. It's about time somebody came right out of your radio and kicked you people in the ass and woke you up out of your letter G. I can't help but to nobody's speaks English there. I can't help but to politicians are all a bunch of freaking crooks. I can't help but if the average age, the average demographic is death plus 10, then nothing I can do about it. In fact, I got that out of there which ought to bring the demographic down a little bit. The audio homeowner's out there's anything worse than venturing out to the backyard for a nice swim. Looking at that once beautiful pool and saying, holy crap. Oh my God. What the hell happened here? Your pool is stained. It's dirty. Don't look at that ugly mess anymore. Just do the right things. Say no more ugly pool, no more. And call our friends at Atlantic Marseille. These guys are just pool guys who are going to clean the surface of the back of a crappy old pickup truck. I know guys like that. These are real construction people. A real construction company who's full-time employees, not subcontractors, not illegal aliens. Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation at the pool business. Diamond Bright. Atlantic Marseille's been pouring it on for 12 years. Their license and ensured professionals they even train other companies internationally on how to do diamond-breeding right. And you get the same price here comes the best part that they give to the contract this year's save a lot of cash. There in North Miami, Browden, Palm Beach, so call Atlantic Marseille there the largest installers of diamond-breeding worn South Florida. They'll come to you and give you a free estimate. They also perform pool and deck renovations, custom lighting, pool heating, exotic water features too. For the best call Atlantic Marseille toll-free, 1-800-558-8883. That's 1-800-558-8883 diamond-breight-do-ed ride because diamond-breight is a pool's best friend. Fly and local, we are sports video 560-USUAM. That rich reminds me of my mother. Oh, that has really pleased go away. Find a new way to attack the Babego home and eat your own homes. Till you explode. Because like your fat fat choded ladies, after you bite your seeds on a plane, spending your fingers that have yellow stain from seedles, and see your toes. After piggy poo nose, how to be fat disgusting and tasty, you make the show a bit win smile. They like the cows, spread it and stand thin, think smelly bad so repulsive and mild. Your body cheese goes like the cram-lum, after it was occupied by head, as their need of shoe-moins you get into your car, but you're too good in wine. On a thin squeal, on a thin squeal, on a thin squeal fat lady, spend with your double a seed. Slytherin is starting to dream between her meat, as could take a little heat. It's most fishy to me. That is up until the dead's voice then taste deep. Watch out for that mashed potato used to look at your meat. Number 33 at 560 WCM, the mad dog at one. The mad dog who doesn't recognize the show anymore, by the way. What have we done to him? That's Howard. Is that what it is? Mo got to me, think? Yeah. He's intimidated like somebody the other pussy's around. He said it's much. Must be. Because he just, I mean, I'm 27th anniversary. Everybody else, and it's answered your question by the way, Hank did wish me, you know, he wasn't well. What is wrong with a mad dog? Howard David's bitch. That must be it. That must be it. Just don't stand up from self anymore. Used to be like a real macho guy from Michigan. You're mad at, I am a pussy. But not anymore. That's okay, Mad Dog. Like I said, everybody on the station is like an island under themselves anyway. And our management people, they don't want to do anything about it. You sit down with them and you talk about different things they can do. They can create a policy that this is the way we do this. And they don't do anything. You can't complain about the policies of QM because there aren't any. There aren't any. That's why I keep telling you, WQAM. We are radio wish. Any coincidence between this place and a radio station is purely coincidental. When you say yes, we got stuff. Yeah, we got 24. 24. 24. 24. The lights are pretty incredible. Yeah. And the corporate disease and events there, man, you can get that to anywhere. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon line. Still haven't heard from any of the reasons about Vegas or Amsterdam. Why they were overrated? WQAM? Yeah, and now radio is looking for me. I'm over here. I'm okay taking care of someone finish business. Put the door. Put the door. Put the door. Give the door. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm sorry, Neil. I didn't realize you're going to scream us. Yeah. I'm 35 years old and I am a self-admited radio country. But I mean, how does company expect somebody under the AT&T to say 40? Who doesn't even know that AM radio exists? Well, I don't know why would they flip over to AM and it just search and try to find a show they didn't know was there. You have to go to the link correct. Right on. You're saying that. I don't think they are right winged. We need to just look for a watch. How is somebody going to stumble across you? They wouldn't. It makes no sense why they got, I don't get it. I don't know if the subject I was watching A&E left. At least I think it was A&E. And they had this boys will be girl show. I guess it was about drag queens. I didn't see the show, but I saw the promo for it. You find that as bizarre as I do. That's just bizarre, right? Yeah. I don't have any idea. I understand that whole thing with drag shows with the amazing thing to me is that there are as many or more stray people I go to see that crap as gay people. I don't know. They go to my ass, my ass. These guys were coming on to these drag queens. They call them two beer queers. And I'm a peep. Yeah. And that drag queen for pretty much say. And that's not only did the guys get liquored up and want to put a bed with them, but they want to be the submissive. I'm like, oh no. You're gay. Nothing like a big strap on man. Well, good luck. I'm going to be a stale. Stale those joints. Okay. Wow. Excellent. Not for me. I've told you that for years. I don't understand any of that stuff about why anybody straight gay, undecided in between by anybody wants to go see some guide. Recipes lies of an LA or Judy Garland and Barbara Streisand and Del Dinosaur. Since always one of those. What is that? It's in a nigma. I don't get it. What's the attraction? What's the appeal? You see a screamer like a freaky Carlos out there in front with a 75 body piercings and is a yellow. But for I think we're in. Hey Carlos, go get that. That's not. That's not. Bitchie. And you know something he fits in there perfect man. Leave it to Greg Reid to put up Bitchie Queen like that up the receptionist to greet me to probably. Leave it to Greg. Mr. PR. Unless if you let his off there. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. I'm your friendly station QAM or radio wish. WKOM. Meal? Yes sir. I'm a female. The the Paul I think there's a huge bias in it. The fact that probably most of the people of the boat of Miami are probably never that out of Miami. Why do you say that? I... Okay good one. Great. Excellent. I guess I pressed him with a really tough question. Yeah. See what seemed to me just the opposite. If you were never out of Miami. What you'd have no barometer jet anything else by you say. Yeah. It's pretty good. Right. So I would assume that the people who said Miami is overrated probably are people who have been elsewhere. See that would make sense to me, which is why you hung up in right away. Because he said an idiotic thing. The most overrated city in the world is Miami 166. New Orleans 63. New York 31. LA 28. Vegas 22. Still don't get it. Orlando 18. Amsterdam 15. Key West 8. Tampa 7. Dallas 7. Philadelphia 4. Frith go 3. And San Diego's got one out of all just a couple less than 400 boats. Yeah that was their really logical call he just made. Wasn't it? No. Not. I mean, how is it possible that there are so many in our particular people in the same place. He sounded like a reasonably, you know, under the age of 100. Like a guy with an IQ larger than his thumbnail size. And some sitting waiting for him to respond like why he made the comment. And he hangs up and runs away. He hangs up and runs away. 27 years of this folks trying to squeeze blood out of a rock. WQAM. Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing? What I just saw on the South Florida highway epitomizes your poll today. Yeah. I'm in the passing lane on 8.6 north as this life doesn't suck enough as it is. And I'm pulling up to this fan as old fan. And just as I'm getting on his buck for the pass, he starts slowly edging into my lane. So I jam on the break and figure, okay, he didn't see me. He goes back to the middle of his lane again. I start up again to try to pass him just as I get up to the ball pretty start to edge in my lane again. I'm taking one to help this guy do not select general breaks. He goes back to the middle of the lane again. Now I stop on it because I want to get up for the side of him. So he can see me. As I flip the side of him, what's the guy doing? He's reading the comics page on the straight hill. Not wearing a piece. Not a map. The comics page. Yeah, right. Which comic? My name is Bloom. Thanks for the good news. Sure, okay. Good luck. Oh, sure. What's wrong with being in a few periodicals in the stuff like that? Why do you drive it? Twenty-two-none at five, sixty-wqa, m in the anus of the universe, soft loader, baby. We're doing the smell. That's what it is. It's that anus juice on the loose, you. At the little caboose. Oh, we got a facelift crazy. Do you know them, remember that? Yes, we did. Crazy John, our Friday, which I didn't get a chance to read in the list. Thanks a lot, crazy John, little caboose, and you're filled with each we love you. And it was Burger's boy. Oh, I think I mentioned George and Carlos are just dying for those. Maybe you'll get a whole bunch of food brought into Marforio between that. And then Wayne Arnold's going to bring in some of them white huts without the skid marks. Could have been great. So we're going to skid marks if you got skid marks on your head. Or in other words, a big bald spot. You don't want to get anywhere near the mirror. You do that bellow the ghosty thing where you void the mirrors if you're going to make it crack. Because let's face it bald spots are a ugly thing man. Nobody of any age wants to have them. Especially you guys who aren't over the age of 100 yet, but unfortunately the hair seems to be among the missing. Well, don't call up Robert Stack. Don't call, uh, what's the name John Walsh? Just call my good buddy Charles Alphay. Or he'll find you some hair. He'll get you the best look in natural look in heroes. You ever thought you'd have again with his natural hairline system. He's got the best technology going. And unlike all the other heresis and that looks synthetic artificial. Like a dead animal on your head. The natural hairline system looks like the real thing like they heard going out of your scalp. You look better and younger than you probably ever thought you could again. That's why Charlie's been doing it right for well over 20 years for the famous. The rich, the infamous, the poverty stricken everybody in between because it's affordable too. If you're much in the arages when you call, you get a special $200 discount as well. Off the regular price. Charlie also services and repairs all kinds of hair systems while you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks. And if you got one of them dead musk rats on your head, he'll kill it for you. Here's the number to call tool free 1-800-3212413. Like would you love to see more on Mozhead? 1-800-3212413 or check them out on the worldwide wickedweb at www.trailsalphieri.com. My life and love! This is 4-3564 anyway. Who am? Gordon gives out Florida a major blow job. You asshole? I... Is it a present time to be a wall street investor? And when most people think of the present things, they think of Ireland. And don't you know, that house, Mitt Blarney was born. Smith Blarney, the investment firm run by the wrong can I? Ex-mit Blarney, we buy high, we sell high, we do everything high. And that's why we don't worry in fret about losing money. Hey, the Magaro, why should we? It's your money! Sure! And you're probably asking yourself, why should I trust my money to the likes of the Bearsville and the Nigelitz Smith Blarney? Where am I friend? With the way that Don markets going right now, we sure couldn't do any worse than the Tito La Nihahu's over at drivers? And speak to the Yahoo! This stock is still good by us. And remember, friend, when the stock becomes completely worthless, the certificates still make dandy buying cocktail napkins. Remember, friends, when Smith Blarney talks, people listen. Of course, they can't really understand if they were saying, because we're slurin' our words. Smith Blarney, the investment house due to Johnson, when the wearin' of the green is more important than the making of the green. Obviously they know mature, 1145 at 560 WQAM. So the inquiruses, Jackal victim, blames his mom and hasn't talked to her since. Ready for that? Yeah. You knew that was what I was saying. That he never molested the 13 year old boy paid millions to silences been blown out of the water by shocking to evidence, uncovered by the inquirer. Oh, the boy was so shattered by the scandal, blaming his mother for being molested, that he hasn't spoken to his mom in 10 years. The inquirer has learned exclusively. And to this day, the now 23 year old man has been unable to maintain a serious relationship with a woman. In Jackson's recent headline making TV interview, once again, denit him a list of the boy, and previously he insisted that the payoff resulted from extortion by the boy and his father, but a source posted the case which remains open but inactive, told the inquirer, if the boy disowned his mother since then and is still not speaking to words very telling, it means that it never was extortion. Months before the child molestations scandal broke the inquirer first report of the story of Jackson's bizarre relationship with the boy, in our May 25, 1993 issue, we disclose that Jackson had adopted the boy's mom and her two children. They've 13 year old on his half sister age five, soon after he met them in an LA carmed office in May of 1992, the mother was divorced from the boy's father and had remarried. Over the course of 15 months, Jackson frequently slept along with the boy in his bedroom with his never-land ranch, and he took the 13 year old as half sister and mother on trip to Las Vegas, Florida and Monaco, where he also slept alone in the same bed with the boy with the permission of his mother. Ready for this? Yeah, I heard all that. The boy's father of Beverly Hills Denist eventually reported Jackson authorities, the Santa Barbara District County District Attorney's office launched the 13 month probe, and convened a grand jury looking at these sex abuse charges. When the scandal broke the Jackson side was saying the boy and his father were making the claim to shake down Jackson for money said the close source. They called it an an extortion case, but if the boy cut off all contact with his mother, this is very significant. It shows that after all these years, the boy blames his mother for putting him in that situation, where he was molested. Get it? You following the bouncing balls? Go. There you go. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We're still waiting to find out why people say that, and you know it's one city that hasn't been mentioned by anybody, and I'm glad. Set. Trotto? No. No. That's true. Nobody much in it. And why the hell should they? Chicago. Right. Chicago is a great city. Sure was. I mean, sure is. What do you mean? I think it still has happened in a long time, but I think it's a great city. I mean, as long as you stay out of those areas, but that's true in any big city in the US. It's got its places. But Chicago is just a wonderful place. The food is great. You can walk downtown in the loop. You can walk a little loopy loop. You stay at the wits Carlton downtown. Pay an arm in a lake. Nobody's mentioned that. Probably now somebody will just not a spite. My aunt is right in the way with it now. The most overrated city in the world, Miami 116. The world in 65. Paris 55. And it's a small potato after that. You're right. Nobody mentioned Toronto either. Or Montreal. Or Vancouver. Right. But I think that guy, even though he was like he had it back where the guy that hung up in my way because he didn't know what the way he was talking about. I think he didn't have one point. And that is that we got so many provoked people who never been anywhere. Got what are they going to say? Right. That's great. I think maybe that's what he meant. But he got all panicky in my way because he was a scared. So you're going to be a Q.A.M. Yes sir. That you. It's me. I'll be on a road to Shreya. This is a phenomenal park. You guys were talking about it last week. And the guy from Pompon and Park called it. And said he's going to win the horses to a 72 daily double. Yeah. I went there on Friday at the 72 box with there. And also picked up a ticket for Saturday, 72 box. Guess what? Didn't come in either day. Dammit. What? My birthday is eight two. On Friday night. Eight two hits. Oh, we're not. Yes sir. So I got to thank Neil God for that. There you go. At the anniversary. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Whatever he just said. I was even more terminal and Rich is caught. Hmm. Five. And while Rich is caught was interesting because he talked about this spaghetti dinner. All the entrances that showed up for the free spaghetti. Nice call boys. Ah. I still got it. And spider what Mr. Eagle would tell you with his old real old yentas. Oh brother. I wonder if Brian crags out there at the track with Nick. Nick Lawrence and Brian Craig and Steve and Steve and Brian Craig and Nick Lawrence and Nick and Craig and Brian. Oh man. God. What a sorry asshole. Ontarage that is. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a year. You know look at all the way to one o'clock and we'll have one person call it an explain why they said that Amsterdam or Vegas or any of these others, but those two in particular why they're overrated the most overrated. I'm you know I'm curious yellow. Right. And even if you're a slipper like me you have a great time in Vegas because everything's so cheap if not free. Right. WCWM. Hello. Yes sir. Well, whatever you guys are talking about the little sound the guy said. Yeah. Is that on your side at all? I don't know. Is it on our website? I didn't sign it up there. I didn't think anybody would've just said that. I think we agreed. Yeah. Is that on the site? I got to have it. Just turn on the clubbies. We wanted on there. We'll put it on there. Please put it on there. Okay. Band business. Love you. Okay. See there. Got it. It's stinky. And in addition to which we have a lot more pictures on that damn website. I'm really disappointed. I could probably make sure it's what is down. But George is the moment of camera with that highfalutant digital camera. Does somebody else know how to highfalutant digital camera they should have taken it to Toronto with them? And what would I do with that? Take pictures of your studio, the view, your window, your feet. Why? That's what people because we have no idea what your life looks like up there. What do you mean what my life looks like? What does that mean? Your ass fat hotel. He'll tell you he's been in here. Well, that's just, well, let's go. Let's go. We'll see. I think the body alley about the shortcut. There's this right. You're talking about pictures walk around with your little digital cam and snapsome. I'm talking about pictures of people, not of windows in the sun, little shine and a clouds. I'm talking about the people, the people that we talk about on this show. Yeah. That's what the public don't be making a cop out. Once again. I'm talking about the fact that all the slumpy shoulders. The people you're talking about are on there. The beast is on there. Yeah. I gave pictures of the beast. How about the sales department? Are they all in a screw in on there? Oh, that's great. That sloppy asshole bag is she on there. How about the water not see? We got that pitch on there with her O.J. post is on. And her shellatly? No. There's a whole lot of people that need to be on there. I noticed you got to picture a Greg with his finger stuck down where his brain used to be. I noticed that one's kind of good. Yeah. Got that smithy and look on the, in fact, you know the sound that he's making. Yeah. That's what sound he's making when you look at that picture like that. Right in between saying, oh my god, it's a lawsuit. We got that. I still can't get over you. I'm squeezing myself right now. I actually reached down and squeeze myself. I'm so excited for more. I'm kind of pulling over and then finally after all this time after then treating us like crap. And lying to us and now returning people's phone calls and not people pay and people their money and lying about that. Back in November when we had that now in from his meeting about you know what? Back then, here's Alan for tell their jewel lawyers sitting on the other side of the table. Oh, no. I got your invoice right here and you're going to get paid this week. That was in November. It's the fourth of March. And the man has to threaten to file a lawsuit to get paid money that they agree that they owe him, but they'll pay him when he get around with an end of a fit of peak. Our fearless labor says, oh, you're never going to get another effin penny out of me. Slime. You know like that. And then Norma hears that. That sound. Yeah, just like that. That sound. The one that stuff is going to hear a fever calls you again. I mean, I don't want to be seem unfriendly with muff or with those people. I just don't want to talk to me. I don't want to say it. Is it different? No. I don't want to be bothered with small talk from that place because that's one of the reasons that I'm not there. That's one of the main reasons. In fact, I was going to come back in April for a full week and do some shows from down there. And you know, take care of some business in the house and do taxes and stuff. I don't even know if I want to do that now. If you know what I'm saying, yeah, I know what you're saying. Because it's too stressful being there. Then I just get through having a stroke being there for those seven weeks. And you get fat. And well, why do you think I had the stroke sitting around on my ass, eating and eating and eating, and eating and eating and eating and eating and eating and the old kitchen there, which is supposed to be a talk studio. There's no food in here. I'll tell you. There's not a goddamn drop of food in this place. I didn't even know. I'm going to drink. Huh? That even almond. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. I got to get serious. Now see that's how the problem is that nobody takes it serious. Man just had a stroke. Ah, well, let's go eat. Let's go out to there. No. See, I think remember for that all. It's really because it was cold. It was so cold yesterday. And so I got lucky. Not only do I have to buy him any more free meals, but also I didn't have to eat any food I didn't want. Can't afford to do it anymore, okay? Can't because the next one's going to be the last one, okay? And then you're going to be having to show there. It's going to be yours for about a week until if you're what else to put on. Like, Joseph Gackie for four hours, right? It's the clearance and John Weener Show I understand. Yeah, the clearance and John Weener Show. That sounds like a real weener to me, huh? Speaking of Wayne Arld and his weeners. God. What am I getting all worked up about? I don't know. I'm doing it though. And I'm glad that I can't. I actually can't get a little worked up. See, I'd rather get worked up about the show and doing a more interesting and exciting show as opposed to getting worked up about stuff like on a phone Friday. Stuff that I don't even know what other talking about. And I'm saying, hey, guys, I don't want to get in the middle of all of this because I don't know what you're dealing with. Call up normal. Call up this one. Do something else. I'm just going to show you guys. And my blood pressure is going through the roof because the phone is ringing and ringing and back, but put about a bit and all the other crap. We are dealing with crazy people. Or just in case you hadn't noticed. Okay, you do. I just, just in case you missed that. Okay. Just in case Carlos hasn't caught on yet. You are working with crazy people a whole bunch of them, including the close you get to the top to craze your they are. You follow what I'm saying? Right, exactly what they're saying. Crazy people, delusional paranoid side. Coddick. And Q-A-N. Don't forget, we're radio-ish. Maybe that's the reason. Maybe that's the reason we're not really like a real radio station. Can we get a call about Vegas right there? Don't like it? No. W-Q-A-M. Hmm. Smooth. Chad. Alright. Love 94. 93.9. I'm, I've been, I've been, to look up next. Chick-Corean. Coming up next, Mel Coran. Easy-Sin-Bad-O-Grook-Corean. W-Q-A-N. N-L. Yes. I have a statistic for you. I'd briefly heard it on TV. We're not world travelers here. And this, US, only like 10% of the population has a passport. Not only 4% use these passports. Hmm. So that's a stat you ought to know. People ought to think about. And then, to top it off most people don't read. So how informed are we not to informed? Yeah. Okay. Kind of perocular, I think, is the word you're looking for. Perocular, yeah. Alright. Thanks. Maybe that's how we got a leader like that, you know? But a little bit like that. You think? And the scary part is, uh, they like them. 156, 4 minutes till noon is 5.60. W-Q-A-M-R-B-N-N-R-N. On the course tomorrow being Wednesday afternoon to one hour's the, you know, comedy, but sour, right? Oh, man. Can't wait. And I'm going to be talking three times as fast tomorrow. I'm going to get a lot of material in. I am. Like, motor mouth again. Hey, let me tell you right now about something you ought to stick in your mouth. No, not that. I'm talking about great food from Flores Pizza. It is sensational. Everything is fresh and you'll taste the difference. Nothing comes out of a can. You can tell that by the just made fresh taste from the sauce to the freshly made pizza dough. And the fresh baked garlic rolls because everything is baked right there and it premises at Flores. It's a soft Florida institution. Well, just about everything else in town is going into the tank in last many, many years. Flores is still going strong. In fact, they got new owners, but the great old taste is back. Everybody tells me that and we know because in January, I'm with a great free meal. A meal. They brought fire to the field. And they use more cheese and meats on their pies than anybody else in town. You'll be walking around with a big smile on your face and a big bunch of oozing melted cheese all around your waistline. Don't take my word for it. Find out for yourself. Go to 731 Northeast 79 Street, brought out this Can Boulevard. Preferably in the daytime or call Flores for delivery. At 305, 758, 53, 51. That's 305, 758, 53, 51. Three old, The first time I've seen Flores in the morning, They'll deliver from 34th in Biscayne, All the way to 135th in Biscayne. They'll go to Quayside, the cricket club, the Jockey Club, or Hank used to live in me. Uh, If Flores even delivers us far west as 12th Avenue, and when Easter Collins in 71st, Give McCall if you're nice to Little Judy, She'll tell you about the great pizza specials. Like the 1399 for large cheese pie, Leading with soared and six delicious chicken wings special. Call Flores anytime and tell them that fat old Neo-Torjadee call. 585, 53, 51. 305, 7585, 53, 51. My life and love. This is for 305, 62. The way to William. Oh, how an adabin it is. Are you always being funny, other than rape of them? Is that type-smokest over one hour? Phew, the toy. Uh, Don't lie. Oh, the hard bird. Don't go, don't go. Every time I see. Don't go, don't go, don't go. Every time I see. Don't go, don't go. Every time I see. Don't go, don't go, don't go. Don't go, don't go. My TV. He's breathing in the door. Break up again, muscle in. And in our kingdom, it is easier. I don't lie. They won't want to die, but no easier. There's proof of that for years. With President Thum. Oh, what I get to tell most of us, And get to we go, hold it, hold, hold. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. If you want this, Don't go, don't go. If brother's sleeping. Don't go, don't go, don't go. And this girl gets rich here. Don't go, don't go, don't go. He's even. Love her then me. Please, President Thum. You don't care what it's all. You got him here by hook her crawl up with Christian. Oh, no one was with you and I, but how don't be here. We've got a great leader here. With President Thum. He's a good type of f***er. Real good, though. Double three times. If this fancy dissemies is astonishing, Yeah, shocking. And it's so infinite stupidity. It says, regarding the incredible Jackson story, Michael Jackson supporter, but just because the allegedly molested boys estranged from his mother, doesn't mean it because he was actually molested. Who knows what has happened since they cashed in? There are millions of reasons why he wouldn't talk to his mother anymore. Besides, why did the boy who was 13 years old at the time, old enough to make his own decisions, continue to sleep in Michael's bed for months if he had a problem with it? Doesn't this sound like the, it tells a guy, He's grossed all over again? Yeah. Let's blame the victims. Why they should come and back, huh? Just because he was star-strucking the guy with lavish and skifts upon him. Right, because mommy wanted the cash, and because she's put him in that position, that's why. God, this guy obviously knows a lot about child molestation, huh? Has anything? Thank you, father. Oh, because they know not what they do. Five, six, seven. Look at that thorn man. We're trying to get some answers here. I want to go to this way and pull today. Nothing, nothing, zero. Is everybody new to on the screenless two day? God. The most overrated city in the world is Miami-1919, New Orleans, 69, Paris, 61, New York, 37, L-A34, Vegas, 27, nobody will tell us why. Maybe they can't afford a phone anymore. He West, 24, Orlando, 22, Amsterdam, 17, Nobody will tell us why, Tampa, 10. And I first of all, why would you say, I don't even know why I put it on here. When you come right down to a set that one fraction of the guy from Tampa, does anybody say Tampa is a great place? No. If you ever have you ever heard anybody say, Wow, why are you sure would like to go to Tampa for another week? No. Dallas, nine, Philadelphia, five, first go through San Diego Two and Luxembourg, there's never any. Why did we put Luxembourg on there? Oh, just because that guy facts it. So, in other words, just because somebody facts it, something we put it on there, Luxembourg, how many people in this audience? And the whole audience, you think it's been in Luxembourg any time in your life. Yeah, maybe. Maybe. Maybe they loved it. WDQA, Luxembourg, line hello. What is a Jeff Rember? Hmm. WDQA, N. WDQA, N. What's up? Yes sir. How about the Bahamas, the most overrated place in the world? The Bahamas is a city? Well, that's all. That's all it'd be good. Yeah, I agree with you on that. There's ungrateful people over there. Excellent choice. I'm dying over here. How many do you put it on? Nasa. He's right. Nasa Bahamas. Go in early. Nasa, Kamba Bahamas, make sure they know because they wouldn't know Nasa from the other thing we're talking about Long Island, they don't know. You know what I'm saying? Ramon. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line rolling along, singin' a song. I'm gonna just try to put that other stuff out of my mind. What's left of it? The activity that took place on Friday between the phone calls and the psychotic episodes. And Greg Reid going off the deep end like a little child who forgot to put on his pins. Very sad, Greg. Very tragic. If you can't make life pleasant for other people, make it as miserable for everybody as you possibly can. We don't have an award for him on that because he's doing a magnificent job. WQAM. Another poll show. Yeah, you got a WQAM. WQAM. The guy with that too late. The guy with that faceless voice. He's the same one as the other is. The other call. I forgot to realize that up until this moment. Did you know that? Yeah. Oh, I didn't know that. Till this moment I thought it was Barzini all along. WQAM. Hey. Yes, sir. How you doing now? Okay. You know what? I think this time the poll is like right on the money else coming out because my am is like an easy target but when you think about it, it really is such an overrated city because people they talk about south sea and that it's got the light and the great light in the end. It's all about you. Yes, sir. You know what it reminds me of when they put whammy on the air. Remember in the beginning when they put the TV station on the air? Yeah. And they thought, oh, we're going to appeal to the really hit crowd. We're going to do all the shows from south beach and it's going to have that flavor to it. And of course, that went over like a pregnant poll ball to run a hot day in July and hell. There's nothing. There's a couple of clouds but it's like, right. There's about 10 blocks down here on Collins Avenue and Washington Avenue and south and the A1A. And that's it. It's a toilet. It's a toilet. The whole city is basically a toilet. It really is. They're right on the money with that. I mean, it's an easy target like I said. And I, I'd write down the board because no one's that's been in the war and I think it's also a very overrated place as well because you just got the absolute good restaurant to place the East but there's not much there. You can have the French quarter, you know, but there's not much going on there. And France, I've never been to Paris but I can't stand the French. So I can't stand the French. Don't go, man. It's that's the biggest problem with Paris. Too many Frenchmen. Yeah. All right. Okay. There you go. Thanks. He's right. South beaches a few blocks down the ocean and that's it. What else is the claim to fame? Boca? Huh? Coconut Grove? Oh, I want to medley? Sweet water? What do we got? Plantation acres? Is that the big attraction? There you go. Salt rice noodles out like malls? We're in here with all those people. Let me tell you right now. When the second biggest tourist attraction in the state of Florida next to Disney World is the sawgrass mall. Then I know we got some real problems in the state. You know what I'm saying? There's something wrong. Can you tell me what's out there with the sawgrass beside a lot of Brazilians? What is it? Alongwalk from your parking spot? No, but it's seriously. What is the magnet? You know, what do you go to a shopping mall? There's usually like, you know, a bird-yine, a macy. There's a magnet. There's something that draws people there that's a really great story that's really unique. A sharper image, a something, right? Right? What is it? Must, must, must, must. Must be the JC Penny Outlet mall. That must be a, that's a door. Huh? Wow. What a client's held it got. 567.0.560. Town 560 on the AT&T of a rise on the world of slime. WQAM. WQAM. Nio. You sure, speaking. Well, it's going to say, thanks for taking my call. I don't have to say on that. Just love paying that. That's a good deal. WQAM. Nio, can I ask your question? No. Who is up? Hello? No, no question. We're asking the question today, sir. Instead of these people, let's go on for about two weeks now. I got a couple of questions for you. We're asking the question, okay? Okay. Who is on the chicken marks? Yeah, exactly. Do you want to say? WQAM. Yes. Good afternoon, Nio. Good afternoon, sir. I want to say, well, I consider Vegas to be overrated. Okay, excellent. It's always been known as Sin the City. And to me, basically, the sex trade in Vegas is right with just rip off scams. Just the very disappointing scene as far as that end of the business goes. The sex trade in Vegas? Yeah, as far as the strip clubs the horse. The horse, definitely. Right. You know, all that stuff, all these things. And that's why I consider it to be overrated. Just a very expensive place to go. A place to lose a lot of money. A lot of high-philotic glitz, nothing's real. It's just a hole in the desert. Okay, I'm Bob by that. Much better sex funding is sundown here. Much better sex in South Florida than in Vegas. Absolutely. And much better than Amsterdam than both of them put together. Oh, I'm out of Amsterdam. And for that, I go to Rio. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Well, when I want to set me not Amsterdam, I see people working on a state. Great in Amsterdam is good according to him. How big you're part? That's what I've seen. How many plays in turpert for me now? I need an interpreter. As they're not overrated. Oh, I see. I don't know what he's talking about. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. You know, all over. But I see what he's saying. If you're looking to get laid in Vegas, I mean, you know, Hank ain't looking to get laid when he goes out there. He just wants the punches guts out. And that's true. I look at him for much of great hookers out there. Get all the hookers you want right there in soft Florida. I'm just that I'm baby. The red light district. And if you go to the right one, they're all different parts of it. If you go to the right one, where they got the beautiful white chicks, I don't want to start racist raining like that. But wow. Woo. Heavy, heavy duty. I'm just telling you that because someday maybe you'll fall into, you know, you'll find a bunch of money on a street corner somewhere. Maybe probably not. If I'm in its past noon at five, six, you or maybe even less likely than that, you're a good close personal friend, Al Goldstein will get you a plane ticket for you and your whole family and send you over there. You can use his apartment right and have a great time. Departments like right in the middle of the red light district, else join. Yeah. Let me tell you right now about to beat. I'm still waiting to hear that the beast reason I'm pausing here is it's balanced for life is back again. I don't know what to talk about because I mean, I'm not talking about they're great. No, seriously, are we going to get any ward on him? Or am I just going to, as usual, get left hanging here again? How many messages do you want me to leave for? Well, I'm not talking about leaving for him. Doesn't anybody do we have the experience around this their sports? What would you laugh about? Nobody knows what happened to this guy to this. It's a little, I mean, he's not the kind of guy who could disappear easy, you know? It's not like looking for Osama Yamama. This guy, if he disappeared, people would notice. Maybe he's hiding behind a lamppooked. Oh. Well, he lost over 50 pounds last time and he just disappeared. Maybe he lost so much weight. He just, we can't even see him anymore. That could be it. How do you do it on balance for life and out to your turn? No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no calorie counting, no carb counting, no nothing counting. You only work you have to do is fill out that little menu every week. Two is between two alternatives for each meal every day you're on a program. And balance for life does all the cooking and all the fig ring based on the zone diet, just for you. They bring your little black sack by six o'clock in the morning, your house to your work. And in your sack is all the food you need for the entire day. Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, and leave you me when I say the food is delicious. It's fresh, nothing, frozen, nothing creep bad, nothing with a bunch of chemicals in there. Fresh, delicious food to keep you full all day long. And the weight will pour off your body just like it was doing on a beast until he got so thinny vanished into thin air. Let balance for life, help you lose that weight once and for all and get into some good health. Two, call nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check them out in the wicked word wide way. If you like, balance for life dot com. Five local, this is five six three of those yours. You win. You win. You got out. You can. Where the fag is. Now, here's my Baltimore ram as linebacker Ray Lewis isn't going to Disney World. And action. Even above it in Disney World. I'm sorry, Ray got to that again. You're the bottom of the Disney World at a bow. Ray, Ray, Ray. What? You know the line, right? I'm going to Disney World. I'm going to Disney World. Let's go. I'm going to Disney World. All right. We got no problem. And action. Go. What the heck is wrong with you? Hey don't hit me off. What? What? Oh God. Oh God. I've never even been in the world. Oh God. Ray, you stand me. Go. Go. Let's just do one more time, Ray. Oh God. I went to line. Oh God. I didn't even do it. I ran till 4. 117 at 560 WCQ I'm happy Tuesday to attain suspended over 20 hours t-shirt. More and more of the scrap going on in America every single day. More censorship. More kids being set home. Because they're not politically correct. They might upset somebody. They might offend somebody. You might piss somebody off. And eighth graders been suspended from the school for wearing a t-shirt with a drawing of two-tours in airplane and a man in traditional Arab headress in Chicago, Illinois. Officials that thinly junior high school in Chicago, were just suburb West of Chicago, told E. and I, Tanny's mother and letter that the 14-year-old decision to wear the T-shirt could be taken as a promotion of terrorism. Colleen I, Tanny said or son of his father was of Lebanese descent, was simply trying to send a message that all Arabs are not responsible for the 9-11 terrorist attacks. E and I, Tanny was suspended February 19, superintendent Bernard Jumback declined to comment setting student privacy policies. On the boy got the idea if he listening to the years from his classmates following the attacks, Colleen I, Tanny said, he used a black marketed drug tootsky scy scapers in airplane on the front of the shirt and a bearded man wearing a headrest on the back. Everywhere I go people call us camels because of what happened he and said, so I put the drug on my shirt to tell him who did it and to say that me and my Arab friends didn't do it. Unimiming camel jockeys? I think, but you know. He said everywhere he goes, they're smoking camels. On the hotel, he said they're considering suing the school for violating the boys' right to free speech and I say, you go guys, okay. Everything's gotta be just so. And we don't want to offend this one and we don't want to offend that one. I'm sick of it, man. Just like the stuff that we can't play on here here because we're about to offend this one. It's a bunch of bull crap, okay. Everybody's a freaking coward now. Everybody just cowards in a broom closet because they're afraid somebody's gonna come after him because it's not politically correct. That's what I say with that. Don't you? Right, amen. 567.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. I think that guy had a point on Vegas, you know? A little on a chin-sea side. Well, how to take his word for it. I don't know how much the hookers are in Vegas. I'm not just talking about that, but it's, you know, it's it's gotty. Right, I mean it's hard hard hard. I thought it's a lot of fun. I like it. I'm not gonna go back anytime soon because it's too damn far away. But it's fun. It's intentionally gotty. Yeah. That's, you know, that's camp. He can't get later as what he's trying to say. And as far as the locals out there are concerned, I mean, you know, if you go there at a time which I maybe now because of what's going on in the world, right? But or nearly any time you go there anymore, it just packed with tourists. But if you go there and just the locals are there, I mean, talk about a bunch of mugwams. You might as well be almost in Nashville. As well be in Tampa. 567. It's like Amsterdam's same thing like when I was there in December. Almost no tourist. All the locals are the rostoe drug people. Man. Ooh, the aroma is just not your right on your ass. WCWIM? Yeah. Hi. Yes, sir. I want to go back to the 90s. I feel like these are nervous times. I think you're job to, let me turn this down. Yeah, it's heard down. Your job to entertain is getting increasingly more difficult. What do you mean? Well, I mean, times are precarious, the best and here you're doing an entertainment show. I don't want to say away from current events and so forth. But let me ask you this. What is there to stay? I mean, they can go on our website and read all the articles that I think that they ought to read. But as far as rehashing it on here, what does there to say? I just took a look at the newsweek, the front cover, have you seen it? About the Bush and God? Well, there's two articles. One by Feynman, how faith changes life and shapes his presidency and the second one by Mark and Marty. Why has God taught where he's friends and foes? Right. Which I haven't read yet, but I'm going to, since I get off the phone. Right. But he's there, clushing his hands and his eyes are shut. Yeah, he's very scary. I agree with you. But what am I going to say or down to James that? I know. Well, if I can give people a few last, I'm doing a tremendous service of this stage of the game. I mean, you're talking about ratings. I mean, one possible explanation is that people are more worried. And it's the most harder and the way to tune in. I mean, frankly, used to laugh, I think, more at your show than I perhaps do today. It's not because of anything you're doing or not doing. So in other words, what you're saying is if I want to sit here and pacificate every day, we'd have big ratings. Because let me tell you right now, I don't do shows to get ratings. I do whatever the best show is I can that I think people want to listen to on a given time. Your life's favorite down here don't get me wrong. Well, so you're putting me in a catch 22. I mean, if I don't do this, I'm not doing the right thing. I think if I do, I think you should just continue doing what you're doing. It's worked all these years. And just throwing a few articles like you were saying occasionally, but I think it's great. I listen all the time. Okay. This is the throwing a life raft, please. Here you go. I mean, you talk about, I mean, he was a good guy. I listen all the time. That's nice. But what did he just say? I don't know. What did he just get through telling me? Maybe the reason the ratings are down. Maybe did it dawn on you. The reason the ratings are down is because all the right wingers got the diaries in last two trends. I'm not worried about the rating. I don't want it called an admitted it. Right. Like I want to call them told us that he punished me in a month of December because he got diaries. I'm not going to say to him, I'm not going to say to him, I'm panicked to anybody to try to get ratings. In addition to which if we get a three share for next the three and a half years, whatever I got left, that's what Greg Reed deserves anyway. He doesn't deserve a big audience. What does he done to build it? Like the guy said in the last hour, how does anybody discover this show on this radio station? Not you. It promotes itself as all sports anyway. W if you weigh and we got balls. One in that would be cute if it had something to do with the hosts. The balls. You just said it. They use their crystal ball to find you. No, I'm serious. That way if it had something to do with not just the ball games, but it had something to do with the host and what we say on this station and what we do that makes us so different from all the other guy. The impablum stations from all the pre-fabricated station where they're piped and syndicated crap. But he doesn't want to do that. Let's face it. He's resisted doing that. He's lied about going to do. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do that. He never does it. And no one I say, well, where are the other billboards? Where they're going to be? Where can people look from? I get no response. It's just like my asking about the beast. They just leave you a hanging. They just leave you a hanging. So whatever we get, that's it. That's it. I'm not going to worry about it. We had 75 million people at Pompito Park last night for a free spaghetti then. There was promoted only through this show, basically. And at the reason being, because they all heard it about how many around your show. That's why we got a log full of spots here. The money is coming in and hand over fist. Why not whether we had a five one or a ten one or a forty five one or a zero point one to make any difference? Because they know everybody's listening. Because they response not because they think I look lovely or because they like George's personality. But because they know they're going to get response and move Schmidt off the shelf. That's what it's all about. But I mean, boy, you talk about and he is right in one point that is it's hard to find a happy medium. Because like I told you the seven months that I said here doing the bedtime stories, I felt I was accomplishing something. And I'm stupid. I wasn't accomplishing anything except for myself. And maybe a couple of you that wanted like suck around, you know, stupid. Yeah. That's what I was being. Nobody wants to hear some old fart reading on the ear. I do. Well, yeah, you knew how many diaries you got. None. So on a one hand, it's that, you know, I'm not going to specifically say, well, I'm going to talk about this today. It'll get great ratings. But in terms of the way you do the show, in addition to which the reason I started doing that with some people in the building forget, I don't want to mention no names, tough and clearance. The reason I started doing that is because when they put us on from nine to one, remember that tremendous difficulty we had in generating anything in nine o'clock? Yeah. It's the dead hour. It's the worst hour today and traditionally has been. Everybody has involved their immersed in listening to whatever other show they want. Which certainly ain't the mole, myster. They're listening to wherever especially for entertainment. That's why he'd be better off to have a sports hour between like nine and ten. To counter the other entertainment shows, the sports there is deluson. And so once it became almost impossible moving the time around and especially with no promotion on it, I just decided, hey, I'm not going to sit here and talk to a bunch of cranks all day every day because we can't get any momentum going. We can't get any structure going on this show. And so I want to bring bedtime stories for hours a day. I'm not as well than reading the tiny and look what happened to him. See what I'm saying? It was a killer. So I'm just doing like I said, like he said, whatever it'll you say, the best I can try to mix it up a little bit, give people a few y'all. And that's it. And like I said, Greg, if we get a five-year or a 50-year-up point five, whatever we're at case of rossara. Because the other guy was absolutely correct and the clients are sitting there, well, see, the demographics are getting older. I still have to laugh at that. That thing we did over the weekend, that was very revealing. Did you see like 3% of our audiences discovered us in last six months to a year? 3%. How are they supposed to find out about as a little bird going to come to the we sending out carrier pigeons with a message to their window? Saying, God, we got something really different and exciting and fun on the year that you won't find any place else. No, we're not doing that. We got a billboard on Pembroke Road 95 somewhere, which about once every 15 second shows my push on here. And if you look real quick, you'll see it before it changes into something else. So look in the mirror, okay? Look in the mirror, you clowns, they're a QAM. And don't call me, I'll call you. 1227 and 560WQM if you're still reluctant about ordering a bed over the phone. Don't be. Over a million people including me have bottomatres over the phone from dialometrist plus hundreds more people are doing it every week. You not to know about dialometrist now. We've been talking about them on a show for many years. And nothing has a bigger impact on your life every single day than the way you sleep at night. Call 1800 MATT-RES right now. You'll have a great night sleep from dialometrist. Easy as thing in the world. One easy call, you just sit there on your ass and they'll be knocking on you door when it's convenient for you. 1800 MATT-RES. They carry silly. Sort of, Simmons King coil, every size, every style. They're all in stock ready for nearly immediate delivery. No bait and swish. You get exactly the one you're looking for. Dialometrist is ranked number one at customer satisfaction. They've got more repeat than referral customers than anybody else because they know how to treat their customers right. And once you buy mattress from dialometrist, you'll never go back to a show again. And don't forget when you do buy one from dialometrist, they set up the brand new one and take away the crappy old bedding for free. So make the call now to dialometrist and you're at great night sleep tonight. And for months and years to come. 1800 MATT-RES that's 1800 MATTrist for dialometrist, the easiest, the smartest, the most inexpensive way to buy you a great name brand mattress. So, I think we're supposed to be in 5-6 years. Voice of the Toronto Maple Leaf, you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. Oh, well, the kiss it would be nicer. If I could sleep with anyone, make love to almost anyone, because it's been so long. Yeah, I've found me down at Tricep. Since the year 1992, but there was Andrew Witzley too. I couldn't help myself, he looked so good after all that removed with me. Come, kid men, and Tom Cruise Bowl. I've got me with sex shoes in this bed. Oh, but I could damn both say. I'm sure it's my girl's gone mad. We would ever make it with that guy on this of course he shaved. Yeah, one I have sex son. I got a sex son. I got a sex son. I got a sex son. Okay. 233 and talk about enough to make you cry. So, I'm checking my emails before the last break. Yeah. I'm during it or after it or sometime in rounded. Yes. Here's an email from Lynn Saniel who tells me that she just got through listening to the new George Michael record and it almost made her cry. And she's got where you could download and she said maybe George could like download or we could play it on the air. You're like so joking, right? No. Come on. And when I read her email, do you know what it may be almost do? Cry. Yes. But seriously. What's this? I'm not making that up. I don't believe it. I don't know what to make me cry. Easy. Reading that message or hearing about Rosie O'Donnell being on was filled on here. Or hearing about the beast. Or hearing about the beast, the soup, this provided you get some information. We heard from him and he spoke to Carlos. So, uh, take away Carlos. Yeah, he called in and he says he's sick. Had a very horrible voice on. I don't know what was a fake voice, but probably. Yeah. So he was very sick. He left a message somewhere. He's unsure why we did not receive that message. But he's been under the weather and he apologizes. He's been under the weather for how long. He didn't say I guess. He did it say he's that he's been in bed for the last. While. I just checked my voice mail. There's no way. Who? For me. Oh, that was suspect to me. I guarantee you when that pud whacker comes wild back in their next time. And hops on that scale. It's going to go till you mark my words. He was probably out of other crews with mommy and daddy or he was out there. Shmoosen with the herkul with somebody. Uh, whatever. You'll see. He's not full on this kid. Maybe he's full on you guys. Not full on me. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T. So anyway, I'm wiping the tears from my eyes about your mouth. Oh, no. I just, I can't handle it. He might just can't take it. I can't stand it. I just cannot stand it. Do you follow what I'm saying? Yeah. It's a real gift. I really thought you were just. I was not making that up. I wasn't joking. I was not joking. Anyway, I pulled it. I'm going to try to listen. Next time I start in about Greg Reed or Dufflin Z. Or about the billboard. Just just tell me to cut the crap. Okay. I get myself aggravated. I'm literally. I'm legitimately very upset over what went on here on Friday in this place. In my apartment here on the phone. And the in the behavior of the people down there who just have no respect for you in life or anything. Everything is a big joke. Everything is a game. This is a job. This isn't my life. This is a means to an end. That's what it is. If this was my life, I would jump out the window right now. I guarantee that. This is my life sitting here reading emails about George Michaels. New song is so powerful that it almost made Lynn cry. That like I said, it's enough to make me wheat for hours. Yeah. I don't give a flying crap about Miss Michael. Okay. Any other damn screaming queen. The most overrated city in the world is Miami 131, New Orleans 77, Paras 66, Key West 54, New York 43, LA 42, Vegas 29, for the reasons that the guy said he can't get laid there. Orlando 26, Amsterdam 19, Tampa 12, Dallas 10, Philadelphia 10, San Francisco, for an ass out of Bahamas got for already we just put that on there got for people I've tried to get in three like crap San Diego 3 and then it's something just it just skipped. Where is it? Oh, we're going to have the Aspen Colorado come from. Oh, that was mine. I didn't know I had put on the list already. I've had to bring that up. Well, what do you mean it was yours? Who the hell said you had a choice on here? Are you little puts? That was yours. Aspen Colorado was highly overrated. Yeah. And based on where else have you been? He signs those places steamboat springs. Steamboat will spring, veil, copper mountain. Man I've been skiing to quite a few places. Steamboat will he? I know. And I mean just it's just more expensive than the other places and everybody gets to walk around with their expensive. Oh, okay. Well, we'll leave that on there for your amusement and Luxembourg doesn't have any which it doesn't belong on in the first place, but no, whatever. Let them look it up on a map. Look what a big magnifying glass because Luxembourg's about as big as most people's living room. 560560, pound 560. You're going to love that new George Michael single boys. Really powerful will bring tears to your eyes. I'm going to download it so we can play it on the show. No. WQAM. Yes, hi. This is Jackie Weiss. When we get disconnect earlier about your rental on sunset. What are you talking about? This is a radio station. Oh, you 560560. Right. This is WQAM. This is a new Roger show. Do you know who I am? I sure do. I don't know anything. I might have it. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Ha ha ha. About my rental. Or did she say something about Yentel? Is that what it was? Yes. Oh my god. This has been pretty interesting. I'll say that. It hasn't been boring today. It's been a day. Speaking of the dolphins. Our day tells us to talk to Yentel Green. Yeah. Yentel Green. Woo. What a place. If you haven't been to Miami folks. If you listen to the internet and ask to be a low higher or somewhere like that. In Lima, Ohio. You got to come down just for a few yucks. WQAM. Nobody there. What a shame. WQAM. Yeah. This is a Frankie calling him off. You calling him off. You calling from where? Los Angeles. Yes, Frankie. You're right right now. Go ahead. How are you doing, Neil? I'm a big fan of your show. I wouldn't say the most overrated place of Colby Seattle. Yeah. Never been there. Yeah. Seattle. I have kind of weird stupid. I mean, like everyone thinks like the rock and roll. Mecha. I mean, there's not really that many good fans over there. And it rains every day. Yeah. And it's a million miles from anywhere. So Vancouver, I guess. Yeah. He can't put wild fans or a theater because it's starting on there. But that's probably what that is. Okay. Thanks, Frankie. All right. Have a great life. Frankie called from LA. How do you like that? Listen on the internet? Good. Which couple little Frankie went his song coming out? So Seattle, should we put that on there or not? You've been there and you said, I always said it was great. It was fine. It was adequate. I think it would tell you that. Yeah. Yeah. I heard off the bat is probably not as good as everybody's corrected up to me. His mic's seagull was on here there. Okay. Mike's seagull. Today we're going to solve the problems of the medical profession. And the next week we're going to solve the problems of the legal provider. Talk about a man who takes himself to seriously without bad hair piece by the way. Mike's seagull. When I told you over the weekend, I'm channel surfing and there's MSNBC and they've got one of those contrived to bathe, you know, for the war and against the war. That's another reason I'm so what is there to say anymore, you know? You must well pay George Michael records all day. Okay. Right on that. But anyway, so there's Chris Baker. Is book a grinder by any chance? You know, you're not going to believe it. Yeah. He walked in the door five seconds ago. The second power is meant. There you are. I was thinking about I thought about Mike's seagull and I thought about a big bald spot. And then the next logical move from there was Book a Brian. And there he is. Remember that Chris Baker. He's another man. You're telling me like you don't know that he's involved with Chris Baker and all those other Loons. I had no idea how big a product had any deal of shaky patterns and all those I know that is. So anyway, here's Chris Baker on MSNBC. Mr. Talk Show host. I guess he's in Omaha. I don't know where the hell he is. He's probably sitting together to everybody else is accept us. Huh? I could look and talk his name. I don't want that. No. And anyway, he's got his little earrings in each ear and he's going on. Potivating it with his right wing views and about let's go in there and kick some ass and a bush mice through there. All the other crap. I thought Jesus. You know what I thought? Oh my God. That was his claim to fame. And I would do all for no. Oh my God. This is one drop of my dog. Oh my God. Oh my God. I was Chris Baker. The candlestick maker. Houston. He's in Houston. I was going to say a good place for him. A little bit too. He belongs in Dallas, not in Houston. Houston is a little bit too progressive for Chris Baker. You know what I mean? Oh my God. No. 19. No. We got the mad dog and one who's going to wish me a very, very happy 27th anniversary today. Better late than ever. You think he will? No. See even if he did not does make any. It's meaningless, you know. By sending somebody a birthday card a month after their birthday. It's even more embarrassing than just kind of like sliding by. Hey, let me tell you right now, guys. Size makes a big difference. Just as Tom Brady, he'll show you. I mean, he'll tell you. And according to the Florida Department of Labor Computer Professionals, I have really big ones. That is biggest time. Well, he's got a size 14 shoe. Don't forget smallville tonight. Of course, when we talk about big, we're talking about paychecks. According to these state of Florida computer careers, among the highest paid and still amazingly highest demand, which means you can get yourself a great career. Pleistering to help you achieve that new high-pinned computer career easy in just four short months. They've got locations all over town, so no matter where you be living, there's bound to be one nearby you. They're encandled by any for L.R.L. or Pines, with the evening weekend schedules. There is no excuse to stay one more day in a crappy dead end job working for peanuts like an elephant. Pick up the phone and call fast train. One, eight, six, fast train. That's one, eight, six, fast train. They've got full time job placement and guaranteed financing. What are you waiting for? Check them out on thewebadfastrain.com or call one, eight, six, fast train. Now you can have a mighty big impressive paycheck like those computer mavens. Oh, my, and whoa, this is the 21st-winning of the QAM. Pines, dumb as dirt. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. If you can't find a sum of all my rag, if the markets are a problem of all my rag, if the terror is surface, the Pakistan is looking shifty, or three, and is too risky all my rag. If we have no wildlife with us, we're dragged. If we think that someone's just a farmer rag, so to hell with the instructions, let's put up for the elections, close your mind and take directions on our rag. Okay. Fall in line and fall aboard, it's on our rag. Huh? Four of our late ex-teams are borders on our rag. This agree will call the trees and let's make more not hope the season. But if we have no reason, we're dragged. But 46 at 560 WQM, the world famous mad dog, Tim Mann, it's your one. And what are we going to do with this show? Well, we go back to 10 to 2. What are we going to do with him? Sticking him like 8 to 10. Is it he going to be doing 9 to 10? 8 to 10. Am I going to do like 5 to 8? Do you want to say? Yeah. Like 755 to 8. 4 to 7. 4 to 7. In the morning. 4 to 7 in the morning would be good. Mad dog, 7 to 10. I was 10 to 2. Hacked back to 2 to 6 is what we need from the Humper. You're crazy. Thank you, raise man. I wish that crossover. See, one thing I'll say about Hank. He acknowledges my existence. Which I appreciate. Are you reading? I had a piece of problem with cheese. I was just about to talk about that too. Okay. What are we talking about? I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. I'm just talking about the problem. 560, 560, 560, 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. WDQAM. You're looking for them? Yep. Why is it mine? Yeah. There you go. How do I know? WDQAM. Meal. I have a 27 years. How about your part? Happy 27 years on your ear. Yeah, thanks. Could you play that? No, no, no. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. We only got a few minutes here. Let's get the important stuff in here before we get out of here. Before sports starts again on QAM. Sports. We're a sports, I dish. We're ready to wish. How's clearance doing? You see him today? Yeah. Earlier. And what do you have to say? Sports. Yeah. WDQAM. Hello Leo. Yes sir. How are you buddy? Okay. Hey, I went through the Indie car races on Sunday. Yeah. I'm ready. I did really. You did what? I went through the Indie car race. Okay, it was boring the first time. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T. Go out on the hip-hop at the Indie car race. It's boring crap. It's even worse than playing golf. You know, at least playing golf is exercise. Going down there watching people around and around in a big circle. But all the respect and joy of custom. It's terminal man. Terminal. A lot of people go there. A lot of people go to McDonald's too. I don't care. It's terminal crap. WDQAM. WDQO sound like he had a good one coming out. Yep. Veal. Yes sir. This is gotta be a full moon. What's going on? Well, what's your story? What can we do for you sir? It's in South. It's just fine. I'm driving through Miami. All these people. But, Dr. Head up so far up there freaking out. It makes me nuts. People driving. Miami takes the cake overrated. WDQOAM. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Okay. On the right. Miami. Overrated. Happy to meet you. And I will say that they've really cold. I don't care because some people have no computers. What did he just say? I was hoping you heard. Haha. WDQOAM. Hey. Yes sir. Can I just push some just a little bit? A new subject that tend to... You're talking about last week. Those couples. Remember the couples were talking about? Yeah. I don't want for you. I'm not more heartless. It will change. Okay. I'll ask you more about board than auto racing. WDQOAM. QAM. QAM. Hello. Speak up sir. Speak into that thing with a wholesome it. Hello. To light. WDQOAM. Hello. Hey. Hey. What's up. Okay sir. I have no idea what game you were watching last night. But you gotta get some credit to those parents. They look pretty good. You think that every time the leafs lose that they didn't show up. Sir. Let me say this to you. Okay. With all honesty the Panthers have a nice young team. Next year they could really go someplace. If Lwongo wouldn't have played great last night. They would have gotten blown off the face of the earth. Lwongo and kid both played good. But everybody who analyzed that game from all sides, including the rimman, they all agreed it was a coma-inducing game. If you thought that that was a good game, it's not sour grapes on my part. But I watched my team play every single one of their games. I know when they don't show up. And just as I predicted they didn't show up last night. Well I like these things too. So have a good day, Lwongo. Okay, Lisa. Lisa. Lisa Marie. There's another hockey expert for there. Robert Steinbach, not too late to rain in the Lynch mob. What is this crap? Why did you pass this to me to put me in a sour mood at the end of the show? I want to hear this chronic Jane and for Lwongo. I love you happy anniversary. The administration is making us know about it. You know something my life isn't based on the administration. Okay, I'm going to continue living my life. They got this colleague, my hand with the Schwartz, whatever his name is. You're great. They're doing a marvelous job. But that stuff continues getting the terrorists. Continue. Let's keep stalling off his wars long as we can so that maybe we can get somebody to come to their senses. All I doubt it. And let's go on with life. I'm not going to be neurotic. Just because I work for Greg Reed and Muff. I refuse to do it. Okay. And I'm not going to listen to George Michael Records. Okay, I'm sorry. With all the respect, I will not listen to George Michael. If you're a little bit more, I'm going to listen to George Michael. Freakin records. Okay. It's enough to make me cry. 1253 at 560 W. I didn't even cry when my little dog died. And speaking of dog. All you dog lovers out there. Let's introduce you to bark Avenue. Pet Resort in Hollywood. Bark Avenue. Pet Resort is the only all natural pet resort in America. A beautiful 10,000 square foot facility that offers boarding, grooming and daycare. I don't even wish that tiny could have been in there for a few days. Whether just for the day, daycare is open, 7pm overnight, or for several months. Your dog will enjoy the comforts of luxury with oversized, hounds, sweets with animal print beds, filtered, smell free air, cleaner than most homes, purified water for drinking bathing and washing. Bark Avenue top-matched groomers, Todd and Francesca, opera expert cuts and all breeds by using only pure chemical free soaps and shampooes to make a long story short. They take great care of your pet. At Bark Avenue dogs aren't cooped up all day like in most places. And your dog's socialize according to their size in large areas on soft agility mat flooring. And your dogs are always in the presence of a counselor while at play. Bark Avenue also offers free line boarding in their kitty condos. Area hammock's included. Want to take a look for yourself? Log on to www. BarkAv.gov. BarkAv.gov. Got it? Got it. And take a virtual tour that allows you to look on in your pet any time when you have your pets there, or you can see it right now even if you're petting there. BarkAv.gov. Park Avenue pet resort, they're located at 1400 South Federal Highway, called 954 925 bark. Or log on to barkav.peckresort.com. BarkAv.gov.gov. The location spot that your pet will absolutely love. And local year sports radio 5CCC-US. UAM. They just increased the 2 high alert status. Both no one blows up my grant. New dot stratists. I've been a wrenxes thing gave us the news. Hopping value with a big lesson boo. I keep a guess mask in my bus compartments. I call re-max for a bomb proof apartment. Re-inforce my front door with sinder plots. Wonder if that will keep on the small ponds. Checking my mail for that deadly white powder. Stocking my covers with Campbell's planchouter. Living on or off. I think the terror is already won. I can't take it. I won't make it. If it goes to red. I'll pull the covers off over to my head. Spent your stay in bed. Get in bed. Oh! I can't take it. I can't take it. I can't take it. I don't want to hear anti-war songs. I don't want to hear pro-war songs. What do you think it would be? A pro-war song from George Michael? You out of your mind? Don't you think it would be? I wouldn't mind so much. I'd like to hear a nice song that I like from somebody head of a sexual. Do you want to say it? No. Just once. Just once this week would be nice. I mean, I'm not the avid thing. That's my fellow fangs out there. But I don't want to hear George Michael. I don't want to hear Miss Michael. I don't want to be playing George Michael on a radio. This isn't a professional fang show. God damn it. Man. So did you see Rosie on Down to Huita? This is... I bet he was uncomfortable. Oh my god. I bet he was. How could you see Bobby here if she was on him? She was spilling over into his seat. That cow. The disgusting bitch. Yeah, but she's a lesbian. Yeah, that's even all the more reason, okay? That's even all the more reason. I'm starting to get bitter. I'm starting to get bitter. I don't do it. How you aren't here to rest of the week is going to be wild shows this week. I'm starting to get like a real bug up my ass. I don't want to hurt anything back. I'm holding nothing back. Now that I'm getting a little bit of my strength back after my stroke, which I noticed when I mentioned I noticed I'm wc who I am because you know we're radioish. Other than mull making a cost to comment about reaching for the cleanest, so whatever it was talking about, maybe the white piece of metal ass or white ball that messy made from his bag. Whatever it may have been. Okay, let's cut the crap. Okay, because like I said, the rest of the week is going to be wild on his show. Because I got a big, big insect crawling up my ass. Okay, a big one. Feels like an insect. The most overrated city in the world is Miami 149 to world in 79. KOS 78, perisess the eight Los Angeles 45 New York 45 Las Vegas 30 or Lando 29 Amsterdam 19 which I find just absolutely shocking almost scandalous and Ann Arbor Michigan 175. Bye bye bye.