We're a congratulations get a light Nothing can stop now, because we are all scared of size here. Don't go to Asia. No. Don't go to Hong Kong. No. Still clear of Toronto. Be here. If you want to live long. People don't live forever. People must all be hard. That's home with you, I'm lucky. But no one wants it to happen now. And no. That's why we are scared of size. People don't come together. People they stay in the heart. Well, happy Tuesday too. Hope you're surrounded. Hope that everybody is still alive. And it's a relative term. Of course in that building, it's dubious, especially certain people. Anyway, I just got the first page of the schedule. We got a little fax machine problem in QAM because the channel is very unusual, especially after a long holiday weekend. So if you want a fax to us today, write down this number. Don't use the usual fax number because it's an anchor to work for a while. 305 65. Oh. Oh. 1-8-1. 6-501-8-1-1. That's the bullpen, the bullshmid, the fax machine, which is something that Markoony would probably be embarrassed to have his name associated with. Here comes the second page of the schedule. And I have no idea why they're by their setting me this because this is going to be absolutely at any way pretty soon, this schedule. We got some. I can't give you all the specifics and I don't want to be a troublemaker, but I somebody told me have fun. Have a good time with it. Is that what you just heard? Somebody say? I heard that. And they said. And got some programming changes coming to QA. It looks like in the fairly near future in the very, very, I don't want to give a date. Okay, I want to go on a year and start soon up a lot of crap. But in the very, very imminent future. In other words, you could count today's on your hands, tell your pinky, your toes, your big one. By the way, speaking of big one, congratulations to Amy and what was his name? Aaron. Aaron. For winning our first hot couples counted, well, I shouldn't say first. Didn't we have one be second? Right. Oh, that's right. You had one. Like I said, for winning our first hot couples contest, what yours was like a dry run. Sure. I try hump. Oh, speaking of dry run, don't go to Amsterdam and you idiots out there. You people, I see, don't ever listen to the audience. I should learn at a long time ago. Don't ever, ever listen to these people I call in because most of the people in South Florida. If they get more than 10 blocks from a home, that's like a major adventure. Okay? Don't listen to these idiots out there. Do not write this down and this is going to be our pull question today about places that you used to love, but now you hate them like poison. Do not go to Amsterdam. Please, I'm begging you. Unless you just want to throw away your money. I mean, if you want to do drugs, Georgia, you hook you up. No problem at all. I mean, I will say, of course you will. Just throw right in South Florida. There's any way that needs to leave that time to go get drugs. Need this serious help. Okay? Now, can you think of any other possible reason to go to Amsterdam? You kept saying good looking horse. Well, I don't even know it any. Although I did take a big dump and now gold stains toilet. Okay? I hope he's listening right now up there in Pomp and O'Don't call us. We'll call you Al. Okay? You're over-boughten. He's he's banned from like the human race. Right? Seriously, nobody can talk to him because everybody's suing him. And he just can't get his passport back. I can't even tell you, he's not going to go to Amsterdam, dangerous. But I did take a huge dump in your toilet. And it was a high amount. It was the most enjoyable crap I've ever taken in my life. That was the highlight of my trip. Nineties, it rained every goddamn day. I mean, it's like there's a faucet in the sky over England and Amsterdam. Over the low countries, Belgium, Amsterdam. Let's see how the one Luxonburg, the Ben Luxon countries. And it just keeps dripping and dripping. It's like having one of those VDs that they were always complaining about. It was had that discharge, that drip, that just never stops like the Chinese torture treatment. Speaking of Chinese, by the way, no more kitty cat. Huh? I couldn't eat in the cat, would you please? Queen eaten that pussy cat. They're not even real cats. I don't care what they are, man. They look like weasel. They're nasty. They are. In fact, they were shown pictures of those civic cats. It's one of them looks just like yelding. You know? And probably made the same squeaking sounds. Poor hot tubity. I'm going to be something when we have all these interesting voices on this station soon. You got a lot of it. Yeah, it's going to be great. Did I just say that? What? I said we got some programming changes coming up very soon at WQAM. I'm just alerting the world to it. Okay, I'm not going to give specifics because I've been warned. Do not get it going on a year. And give any specifics because then they get all been under shape. And then they'll say, just like having an IOD member, that I used to get blamed for all this crap. Sure. That the Rick and Susting Rick Riley would go on. You're open up a big mouth and tell things that none of us were supposed to say. And he would talk about a day after day after day. And then I would say something right away. They call me and, wow, you know, you're a rude, rude and Chuck Myers life. And he's find it out about the fact he's going to get canned by your show. And I'm saying, Rick Riley's talking about every day that's going to be doing a morning show. You idiot. But I'm the one who always took the heat because I'm a bad guy. And I'm proud of it. I'm pleased to be a piece of crap. Anyway, Aaron and Amy won the acute couple's contest. Hot whatever the thing is. They're hot. And it was very, very close because the naked, what blanch and the eddy or whatever things we made up right. Yeah. Stanley and Stanley and Sarah Goldfarb became in second with their new default. It was very tight is what I heard. Yeah. Like within about 20 or 30 votes. About 30. Something like that. I don't, I'm not prepared for that. No, well, it's for stay back. Oh, no, I'm really not. This is like a dry run or my own today. Just to test the water. See if I want to come back in tomorrow. Also this show is going to be syndicated. That's another rumor here. And this is we're going to have this show syndicated on about five million stations. We're going to have boner boys going to be in charge of that project. Now, here's the pool. You took on. What, what they was it Friday. So this pool is and I see you're still milking that movies. Oh, it's gone on my left. So we can have a go and he's still milking a movie. Just once the only once. Yeah, likely story. Trust me. A thousand and 35 votes. Of course it was a holiday weekend. That's a pretty lame number for Polo. It was an answer a lot of about 10 days. Right. What is the most depressing movie that you've ever seen? George Ashd. All in yellow, 209. And a result of the other. No, either is Carlos. What about donor boy? Ryan's song. One night. See, yeah. Moe, I hate to break the nose. It's a little bit late now to crack off the great AIM and two. It's a little bit late sweetheart to start being a comedian. Yeah. Big changes coming at QIM. That's what I'm hearing. And we're looking forward to it. I'm ecstatic. I'm going to reach down and squeeze my knee camera. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Yeah. Big changes coming. And long overdue. It's about time they got off the pot. More than a year. Well, speaking of pot today today that they're tabling that resolution about the criminalizing marijuana, at least a Sunday we hear in Canada. And speaking of hearing Canada before I get back to your marginal pool, Jesus. God, if you don't get the SARS, you don't get the skaters with the West now virus. Now we've got the goddamn mad cowardice. Jesus, K, Christ. You could go bowling in the streets again here because they thought they, you know, they're a little bit too copchure. Okay. But if I always told you, don't ever be too copchure. And they thought that they had the SARS thing lit and low and behold, here comes another rackity cat or whatever was another kitty, kip cat bar and they got few more cases now. So needless to say, if there was any, you know, usually on Memorial Day since it's not a holiday in the Canada. On Memorial Day, a lot of Americans come across the border. They come from Detroit and Cleveland and Buffalo and wherever. And they come pouring into Canada. It's a place to go and you know, do your thing on a holiday. Is it, you think that we're here yesterday? No. Forget about it. Anyway, all of the other 210 Brian song, 196, a real tear jerk, man. Kilthe Alfie, 150 with the anxious Tom Hanks. midnight, cowboy 86, Wrecklyham for a dream 74. It was depressing all right. I don't think as many people saw that. It was outstanding. And the good news is George watched happiness. Yes, I did. When did you see it last night? You right. And that was right. You're right. It was great. I didn't want it to end. That was what piss me off about the end of it. We need any closure on so many things there. Closure. Yeah. That's what she told a dog to close your mouth. Oh, terms of Endearment 68, Sophie's choice 59 and a band played on 56. What about the poison of band? That was depressing. Right. That's a Fag movie. No, what called it? And an old one, too. Oh, seriously, that was a suicide-inducing movie, boys in a band. I was really morbid and depressing. Uh, beaches 44, my life 23, what's my life? That's the one with, uh, got a camera-a-raised name that he takes himself as he's dying because he's dying of cancer for his son. Oh. Are you serious? Yeah. Camera-a-raised name, though. The guy did Mr. Mom. Michael Keaton. Oh, how'd he press him? Yeah. I wanted to avoid. Boxing, hell, on a 20, murder in the, in the first, I have no idea what that is. Eight, on what? Me either. Somebody called it an L-Norte 11, dancer in the dark. Isn't that supposed to be dancing in the dark? Dance her in the dark? I haven't heard a half a-s. Head nine. Rapture, head eight. I got that. I think I have that in the other room. I haven't watched you yet. It's interesting. Cinema Peredizo eight. That was very interesting. And the fan, the new version of the fan, six votes out of a thousand and 44. I'm sure that they're pouring it right now to add onto the, a pulp. Yeah. The George took days and days and days ago. What, here's our pool today. I don't want to spend more than two or three hours discouraging you people from going to Amsterdam. Remember the guy that called me like the, they're two before I left for vacation? No. And he said he just got back a few days before he had never been there at this time of the year before and seen so few people. And I'm sure you were. Absolutely correct. And I'm going to tell you when there's nothing but tourists there. And I've told you this before I, as in my trip there last December, which I thought would be my last. Uh, when there's nothing but Dutch people there, you don't want to go there. I mean, forget about it. God. That's, that's what made it a great place is it was like a melting pot from people, especially from all over Europe and the rest of the world too. But like all kinds of people, not anymore. Nobody's traveling. Everybody's a scared. If it isn't the terrorist going to get you, it's going to be the goddamn stars. If it ain't the stars, it's the West Nile or it's something. Or to mad cow or the, whatever. The mad dog or the angry puppy. Yeah, then my kid, yeah. Oh, that was another, did you hear was not only the Civic Cat, it was the Argentinian dog. No. Sir, yo, yes. You know the Chinese eat cash and dog. Yeah, they do. And weasel. And weasel. And weasel. Yeah. So don't be no weasel meat. Okay, it's bad for you. If you get a whole lot of yel, they don't touch that weasel meat. 913. And oh, I didn't get to the point, what will do it eventually? See, you got to launch it. Yeah, that's right. We got a whole four hours today. It's the first day after the holiday weekend. It's going to be a real bitch in terms of anybody hone our fax machine. Screw it up. If you want to fax something, don't forget. 305. 650. 0181. That fax machine. We'll think about. I think by Wednesday at noon. Yeah. If you have fax now, by tomorrow at noon, we'll have your fax. That's how our cake and piece of crap that is. But again, it's engineering. You know, and of course, having a hole you're around. It would be fixed by now, but we don't have that hole you anymore. Because they screwed them over. Although we do have a fix at fix it. Is fix it working on it? Yes, he is. I don't fix it. Good to hear. Like I said, he's not a bad guy. He never had the same size screwdriver that Steve Ziggler had though. Well, who does? He said, Steve had the big one at IOD. 913. At 560. If you got a big puppet. Oh, and you're trying to get rid of it. Let me tell you right now. Balance for life is something you really ought to consider. In fact, it's may already, but it still feels kind of new year's issue. What do you mean? Nope. Yeah, yeah, really does. It feels like we're still in that part of the 2003, where it's like they're closer to the beginning than to the end. And so if you'd like to lose that weight and get into shape and the not be diabetic and not be sick and disgusting and grotesque, and we're some real sized clothing instead of those compounds, here's the answer for your balance for life. We've got Ziggins of people in this audience, including Jeff Kono over at the pizza love who've lost their cramplotter weight with balance for life. Because it's easy. There's no calorie counting. There's no carbohydrate counting. There's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no nothing. Because they do all of that for you. They deliver right your door at your home, at your work at your office, wherever you are. Every day is six o'clock in the morning is the deadline. By six an A and there's your little black sack. And inside, there's the answer to your weight problems. Three delicious gourmet meals, two delicious snacks are right in your black sack. And of course, plenty of food to keep you full all day long. There's nothing frozen, nothing artificial, no crap. It's all fresh, delicious and you choose between two choices for each meal and snack every day that you're on a program. So you've got five feedings every day. Oh, that's a good way to put it to you. Won't go hungry. And you won't be cheating on it because there's plenty like I said to keep you satisfied. So instead of being a little thergic and sick and disgusting looking, lose that weight once and for all with balance for life. Give it a try. This could be the answer you've been looking for. Call them today. 9-5-4-5-6-8-3-2-29. 9-5-4-5-6-8-3-2-29 or check them out of the web at balanceforlife.com and start seeing results within just days. 5-7-6-6-1-3-2-10-5-6-19 Bring it over your nerve... Woah! Jesus, snap Damn my new sam in town! He doesn't need a feeding for my人, he just hasn't, The older one has changed into a radish. Grasher. Y'all have a contact? The undercover brother is back in uniform on the Eddie Griffith show. Hey Barry, we'll never be the same. Now that Eddie Griffith's in town. Hey, you want me to put a little relaxer in there? Maybe, maybe the Jerry Cube has. The Eddie Griffith show tonight on Nick at night right after my three home boys. I need to see this 560WM. I'll tell you what we ought to do today. So, don't have a prize table. It's kind of like a sidebar to what we're going to do with this pool and the rest of whatever we do today. We got prizes. No, seriously. We ought to have people called in and guess what the programming changes are that are coming on QAM. I just think, huh? Yeah. Don't you think that's a good idea? And if they get it exactly right, then maybe we'll think about giving them a prize. Or not. Let me get a prize. Don't forget our next hot couples contest. Starts right now. Why not? And you can email us a picture at neorogers.com. Of yourself. Please do it together. Okay. We don't want to have to do like we did with Aaron and Amy. That worked out just fine. It did work out just fine. Hey Aaron, how's it hanging sweet art? At any rate, you have to till June 15th. So we're getting like a head start on this. So kick it in a little head start. Thursday, May 15th, pictures will be posted on our website and then the voters can vote for a whole week. And then on June 22nd, a couple with the most votes wins. First prize not. Grand prize will be the same three day tonight. Stay for two of the world. Or we'll waste his resort and casino to Bahamas with round trip air for our liquor. But second prize we changed. Which was the hedonism trip. And then we went to hedonism. Yeah. And the grilled Jamaica. It was. It was. What was it even at play? It got on. Careful. The grilled Jamaica. The grill. I'm like two days stay for it. He doesn't two or three in Jamaica. All includes the transfer food drinks, gratuities. But no airfare. Oh. And third prize is dinner for two of the pizza lobster. Jeff Cohen slud down. A slud down. One notch on the ladder. But that's okay. We don't know yet if we're going to have that second prize again. But oh, we're checking on it. Well, well, let's you know. We'll give you whatever it'll be. Feel like it. But at least you'll be famous. And if you don't want us to use your real names by the way. Let us know up front. No, no, seriously. That was nice. We don't want to have to put Sarah Goldfarb in next school. It's the honor to try to cover up your identity. Because somebody you know my recognize you. It's like the people with the cute couple. What's the name? Chris and what's your name? I don't know. Molly. You do Chris and forgot. And anyway, I mean, everybody that knows them is knows they got that thing. You know what I'm saying? Right. I mean, would you want mommy, especially your mommy, for example, to watch you, chasing your wife around, trying to grab a hold of it long enough to do something with it? I think my mommy knows what a computer is. Oh, well, I'm your auntie of Chris and what's your name is mommy and daddy. They're probably a little hipper and younger. On the edge of a hundred. Anyway, here's our pull question today. What place did you visit or live in that you once loved, but now this liked the most? I think that's worded fairly well. Right. Other words, a place that used to go to. Maybe once, maybe what used to go to all the time or maybe you live there and you loved it. You just were enchanted with and now you despy this like it a lot. And I have a short list so far. Amsterdam. That would be my vote. I make no bones about it. Bonerboy no bones about it Dispise it. It's just gotten schmutzier and danker and nastier and they got bad on employment there And the people are walking around like shepherds because most of them are I've said if you want to see a lot of guys that look like you let's see that's Grant The beard and whatnot and you'll give us and rip and winkle you know with that little corn cob beyond You see you're laughing yeah, it's like a throwback. It's like the world stood still and went back a hundred years seriously And we got on the train went to Kloen Germany for one day for a few hours and it's not really that far away Maybe about a couple hundred miles and that's such a beautiful city And people there are just incredibly great looking and well dressed and it's an upscale city all these beautiful shops And you go and even a train station in Kloen I put it this before you could spend a whole day there you could you can have a between all the great food they've got there in a beautiful toilets See now you're laughing there's a room with all of they call it room It's got two like a sunny faces on it and it's called I don't know how to know the sitting room the clap mice there. I don't know what it's called but anyway You go in here and it cost you a euro coin. I think it's like 60 cents to take a leak and it's a 1.6 euros All in by the way speaking of that American dollar Wow, it's a good thing we got out of there. I'd be broke already You realize the euro is up to over a one 18 now against the dollar. Yeah, and even here in Canada. It's like 73 cents Man, what is happening when an American dollar when it American economy boys and girls? It's in the Krapers But anyway, they had this beautiful Krap place in the in the right in the train station And for a buck 60 or a 1.6 euros you go in and you can take a crap and if I'm just Or would not all this great linens and stuff to wash and get straight So Colon is great go there if you want to go someplace but do not go to Amsterdam It's depressing and dank and the gross and filthy and disgusting and there's nothing there But Dutch people who look like a relic out of a dark ages You see you think I'm exaggerating. I should have taken a bunch of pictures of the locals there. Yeah, you should have a fully had a little camera they got these big beers and big old the Puppeks and just I just never seen a place where people look like that Anyway, Amsterdam New York Certainly gets some votes on X because we got a lot of this in Canada is this in France has New Yorkers in Sound Florida and Vegas That's got to be one What do you think sure? So there's the start there's a list of three places for you. What place did you want? Did you use the visit or live in that you once loved but now this like the most Amsterdam New York Vegas and then we'll have you call cement Anybody got the new lineup on QAM yet 567.0560 pound five 60 and of course when I say the new lineup this is all speculation you do understand Oh, of course, do we have to preface this by saying well, or just a lot of rumors floating around We're just gonna have a good time with it. Don't you need to say that to cover everybody's ass Here's our first call of a brand new week. Here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir good show. Yes, they're Carlos I'm near the they guy The they got it comes on with George on the Rick and so the Reno sports continuous got for up and get together Every pretty cool what what guys in? Rick sorry about such oh So it's he knows nothing about sports he just likes sports almost as much as George Unfortunately, I don't have a vote for your poll, but if I had to choose any place, I think my goddamn grandma is off Okay, have a right new year grandma. Thank you. He says I'm well as sucks 560 50 50 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line So George saw happiness last night. That's a good step or make-in some progress now I should tell that bid story, but I better not Well, it wasn't their fault I better not they'll be distressed. I did or not. Thanks very much to my friends and dial-ematters You're trying to do something very nice for me. It for trying very hard on their end That's all I'm gonna say and fat boys stay out of my life. Okay. You cover crab as he's still in the hospital No, he's at home kind of lusting. Oh, is he really? Probably in the crispy creams two at a time one in each hand You disgusting cover crab. You stay out of my life fat boy. Okay quit complicating my life Quit trying to be a mister You know, run everybody else has got them a fairs form. Take care of your own fat affairs You disgusting dying cover crab Jesus Christ 926 and 560 W to kill we got a big week and this already you know this I mean I realized it's they after a memorial lay holiday But we have a pressure pack week coming on this radio station and when the Schmidt hits the fan Gonna be some heavy heavy action a Jackson you know what I mean Yeah, I think even Bonerboys gonna deal what's going on 927 Why? 927 at 560 W to kill and watch her is great to be back. You know No, it is great to be back in Toronto anyway as opposed to being an amstiny It would be it would be great to be in the Batavia as compared to Amsterdam it and it's it's horrible I'm not exaggerating. I have nothing to gain with you go there and not it's your money But I'm just telling you a little piece of advice from the old fag do not waste your time Going to a place to use did there a lot of places that used to be great Think of different places where to you know use to use to live that are now slums in over there They had the changing neighborhood that kind of thing you don't want to go back there I have been telling you for a long time about something that's really good for it's called Oreo made in fact I'm popping it myself Right here in Toronto. I got a whole bunch then thank you also guys See I had a little bit better success with the only one getting here than the bed's story All we might so I'll just contain the best olive oil on a planet not just ordinary olive oil But super concentrated little with all kinds of good stuff for you and pop an oleamide in your pussy Every day can I produce the risk of heart disease high cholesterol and now there are 14 different oleamide formulas from which to choose each one Combining the finest olive oil and money can buy with the vitamins minerals Urbals to support different parts your health from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system Just choose the formulas that are right for you and now they got three brand new oleamide formulas Want to help you sleep one to help and control at disgusting weight and sell Q10 for your heart Picks them up today wherever you do your shopping pick up oleamid at publics Eckards Walgreens Whole Food Markets and Abarothers and on us or order it online if you prefer an oleomidamerica.com If you want to get more information call tool free 1 866 oleomid notes and all about their products and we're just a him 1 866 656633 for better health get some oleamid and start poppin it in your pussy today We are supposed to be a little toxic You a m And now here's Kamikolali the former Iraqi Minister of Information with today's health update sexually transmitted door crawling around things you know and I looked down on my left handers like this little red Postual Now this is the first time I'm gonna just maybe like the second or third time of her hand this see your shaving too close Yeah, but but did any rate and I looked on her and I did really from a distance You know what I'm my glasses. I don't usually wear the glasses in the shower. I'll probably would help me see it better But there's this red postural man and Then I realized it was like from an in-grown here, you know like a little red lump And today it's almost gone Which at least it was something to like dwell on you know when you get to a certain age you want to have stuff that you dwell on We're all right. Yeah, longer doing. Huh? I said how's that? 567.0560 pound 560 on the 18 and 10 rise and while it's not anybody in the audience ever have like a In-grown hair and they're nut How about the women out there and you got in there? I meant something that muffled like to find out about don't you think? Oh, go out Maybe he'd like to find out if Boner boy has an in-grown something owner Here's Miami, hello. Yeah, sir. Welcome back, sir. Thank you so much. I Want to weigh in on the two of your Post-dead of the way away You're unofficial and I think it's that they want to put for our out on the out morning show to put shit up a little And that's not right That's it You're you're in the bomb you said as you're in the ballpark Don't know very good sir In addition, which since I can't really say for certain on the or what it is if somebody gets it right there might just be a long silence You know you said I hope they keep trying and not there in as far as for the poll I've got a way in on my very hometown Miami Florida Okay, you once loved it and now you hate it like poison and I'm still living here Well good luck here, amigo. Thank you, sir. Okay, see you He was he was like a tap at I would say was lukewarm there with this where you going tonight 935 five six to see you know something about for real. I got to be very honest with it because when he first came to the station when we first got the word when the memo came down When it was in the newspaper and buried jackasses Congress is the way we announce everything of Q.A.M because bury in the Greg got something going They're really tight In fact, maybe Barry and Greg would like pull out each others in grown testicle hairs Don't you think Can't can't you can't you envision that with Very what's that is that an in grown Here in your left testicle. Let me see if I can't pull that out with a tweezers of course Oh yeah But when we first heard about the for all of course I had heard of money SPN and then that I will say this the hockey stuff Forget about that for well forget about that stuff. Okay, anybody wants to rock any game like that through the whole game Just hold it too much It was awful as what it was but I didn't realize that the guys are real. He's a hoot. Yes He's not a sports nerd. He's a hoot. That's what we need on QA. We need somebody with a sets of humor Not this boring pondress like I heard this morning. Oh my god. It was like listening to paint dry About Pat Riley this and Pat Riley did such a good job with a Nixon with a lacquer I mean we've heard as a million freaking times before The same neurotic sports room and of course and then gully times them on a sandwich going on here now It was only 8,000 people there. I'm a moral day if they have Marlon again Marlins are one like four games in a row Now after having a really bad run there. I mean they stink, but they won four in a row It's Memorial day. Isn't that a day you generally the places have big crowds right? The announced crowd was like 83 hundred when I guess it was a bad day though. Yes. They had rain Not really no, I think it was just that's huh it was sticky, but it didn't rain It was stay hey listen vulnerable. We don't want to hear about your sticky problems. Okay Because mole be talking about him on a irrig in the Marguess. He's taking a shine you mole You know, it's how most of his obsession seemed to come back to the one thing like to penis You notice you know, Mo has a penis Obsession that's what I heard So I'm already sure whether for else gonna steal his two pay or his stunt penis At any rate. I got the box where it's from all the games yesterday By the way tonight one of the most terminal nobody will be watching the devils and the anaheim mighty ducks The anaheim black mighty duck tonight. It got eight o'clock game one of these stand-accompanels be a ratings the zaster It'll be coma inducing But that's what they want you know, they they keep talking about they're gonna clean up the game and let the players play They won't let him do it clutch and grab and tackle there's more tackling going on the average NHL game Then there's an afootball game even George knows that So let's see let's look at these attendance is around immediately just real quickly Blue jays here. That's not very good 19,000 even how does it pistol? I won't find it or other like they're really doing this Wept the Yankees only at 19,000 here Of course there's some people a little bit scared You go outside Where else Detroit would that crap team that they've got 17,600 and some odd Yankees and red sauce 55,000 Got it Graves and the reds I probably shouldn't go through all of these because it's terminal 33,000 and some odd Colorado hosting the Giants 28,000 Cubs hosting the pirates getting blasted 40,000 it really field Cardinals in the Astros 35,600 diamond vaction to pod race 32,000 And a Marlins in the spows 8,362 an ounce of cheese or maybe 5,000 people there you ready for that And they're in their talking baseball third talking baseball nobody cares about baseball. They don't you understand Talk about neurotic repetition man gets a no material 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 See I remember that last night did you do the shows when I was going to do it in that for LV or so I hope I did one of the entire segment that way and that was all I could do Right I suffered for the rest of the week because of it 21 He's an air and definitely an acquired taste. Do you have to get used to wooden figure out what he's all about? Because when Clarence first asked me what I thought I said oh my god This is the worst crap I've ever heard my life who's gonna listen to a voice like that me And me too. There's no chance to ever take himself seriously, which is great right right well Thank God for that that you know all right there alone is this step in a right direction if all these rumors that we're hearing pan out, you know If all these rumors come true or what I've tremendous improvement that'll be over what we've experienced for the last the 14 15 months Talking about certain people not that we want to get into personalities you do understand that But we people to take themselves a little bit too seriously in their hair pieces well Damn they're killing them Is booty not oh you saw right to their their no company there of our subram that's for us You say something go she wait I say so sorry, no company have coverage pick up where other coverage Reward Who talking I am I say too bad you're insured as a normal for enough if all three of them was another way All right So sorry I know you because stupid duck keep ringing donning in the rough insurance conversation Wait this commercial is a stupid or a more than stupid as a commercial with you. He's very It's a nine I just want to make sure the after rack duck was done a kind of gentler Fracto 944 at five 60 W come here's a facts which through the miracle of modern technology Actually we're able to get a facts through here all the required four people to I get that's it Oh, and I should just mention this in case fix it might be listening Now that I've been on vacation for week and a half and I come back I see line five is still In the same condition before there we are right no line five forget about it What do you mean by that? We'll see that no more they're wrong wrong You're just a pussy man. You just get back and take crap. I'm not I'm not tolerating that okay I'll go on strike I want to guide them phone lines working I want a little bit of technical involvement in this radio show instead of usual Horseball half as George Corso kind of bull crap a man who's in a constant coma Anyway, here's a billboard spy report Regarding the new QM line up. It says the Howard David at billboard on the south side southbound to the side of the turnpike Just south of Griffin road. I know it very well only two billboards behind the neocod billboard is Gone oh, hey, how do you like that? Are you ready for that? I didn't know that the Howard need to deny I'm startled the Howard David at billboard on the Griffin road which was right on my ass there right the side by each is gone I What what that means well, of course, it did say Howard David at the 6th and 9 a.m. didn't it? Hmm how come guilty was not in that billboard? Good good question. It's food you read the look at mowing at her piece or guilty 567.0560. I think we better get this pull up there. Okay, beiner boy is there extra live up there in Orlando? I said it for him, but did I know what and we wanted to put it up? Let's get it up there right now Cause it's gonna be a slow builder okay. I want to like wait till noon until we put this thing on there and then wind up with about 30 votes Do you got it? What place did you visit or live in that you once love but now this like the most I'll give you another one And that we should put on there right now. In fact, I might have voted for it for him for him today I just reached an experience because it sucks Detroit Okay Well, you would know because you'd never been there. No sure beiner boy. Bonner boy never been anywhere near Detroit No Oh, they'd slice his ass up for lunch Under these to serve civic cat at the London chop us Huh? I mean, you know you Chinese people we love you, but they're cut the crap. Okay, quit eating all these damn barnyard animals And all these anything that's moving In fact, if they saw most hairpiece you probably run a lunch menu God they move it. They just grab it and they chop it up and have it for lunch Detroit of great place man before they decided to burn it down 1967 pre that time and back in the days of Motown and back in the eight days of the Tigers which I guess was 67 But those days it was a great place Marvelous place you wouldn't you wouldn't wish it on anybody right now you wouldn't wish it on the president. That's how bad it is Here's North Miami Beach, hello North Miami Beach I have to say just two places one South Beach that that I visited I can't stand And the other one became who Mexico okay, I'm gonna put cane cool under it's a little more exotic than South Beach And that's a one place for the twist that's sent that's to the Kindness still a great place keywess Never been there. Never I've never been there. You gotta be kidding me. No, I'm not I'm looking forward to for 30 years. I've never been to keywest You must visit it. It's the if still the same Besides the military leaving in the late 40s and whatnot. It's still a great place. Okay. I'll take your word for it. Thanks a lot, paly Thank you Can't cool Mexico okay. Don't drink the water. Don't touch the local people That way knows what you'll get I worked out Rick and suds big on cancun for wilder. Yeah, yes What do you mean you guess weren't they doing like trips to cancun stuff like that? Well, you're just useless and until this day until this moment boner boy I'd never realize just how useless this man is You're supposed to know these things you were there. I realize that when we spoke about that bad weed It has that effect on your mind just like norma can't Inorma by the way, I'm getting the show a syndicated without your help you idiot You've simple than you useless piece of direct Lots of exciting things and by the way, the thing that we're talking about that we can't talk about on the years for as the alleys A schedule changes this thing. We're not talking about the thing where that we're not talking about right I wonder if he's even aware of this Don't call me by the way norma. I won't call you and then you don't call me it'll work. I just great And even though I just got back on Sunday, do you realize how pleasant life is now that my phone isn't ringing off the hook Certain people that aren't bugging the hell out of me anymore. Oh, god Life is like almost paradise 567560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon's the wireless wireless line a big week at QAM I see even old funny daddy Jim Sarnie had a liner to and he were about to Scott for real Yeah, he's feeling it He's feeling mighty low Jim Sarnie's still can't find nothing Maybe he's got an ingrown here in his leftestical Here's a call from Samurai. Hello Neil? Yes sir. It's terrific hearing you live on the radio let me tell you that much. Okay God love you for Neil God About to make patients spots that it turns out that they have cottage cheese pies and they blow chunks I'm gonna have to go for ask when call or auto okay. That's been in the tank on your programming change It's got for real and carlos. I think replacing the dirty boys Since you already eliminated Since you already eliminated the possibility of them been in the morning because I you you just counted that somebody that would have been my first Well, well wait a minute. Now the guy said keep in mind what he said he said he's replacing mode on the morning show There's something what did the guy say or he's not adding they were adding him to that show Right, she's not correct But anyway, so that guy's that guy's such and and speak it terms of demographics the guy is a Zillioner the guy's huge Because because because your older listeners have either a son or a nephew This in that exact timeframe in terms of when they came around the planet Not best guess man. I'll speak to you later. It's really great having you back Neil. I love you. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally That was great 10 before a 10 at 560 WKM. I got now let's see to the schedule says today Jim Mendesch I want to clock. Oh right change there yet Hank Goldberg at 3 from sure was no change there yet yet Marlon side deck at 630 wish we could change that bring it like a real exciting team in a town that somebody cared about it like maybe the braves Although they didn't care that much either Got a bunch of phony fans there in Atlanta man. They suck. Although you notice the next lowest attendance There wasn't any other attendance in single digits when I read those box scores The next lowest I think was Detroit with 17,000 of course the tag is of one about four games in two years now So why would anybody go there plus it's in Detroit Marlon's and the expo's let's see if we can't do a little better than the 83 hundred from yesterday on a holiday Geez, I mean that's embarrassing even George is humiliated by that yeah If he would have realized it would have been so bad he'd have probably taken a family out there and gone and bought a couple of tickets huh? Yeah, of course I would just to put a couple of asses in the seats The spos and the eshvos and the expo's and a Marlon's at 705 Any K at 10 o'clock and Joe and Marko were I 2 to 6 for now Is what it says here I mean why do they waste the paper setting me to schedule when they know that any moment now we may have some major changes coming on Have some big exciting stuff going on this station and it's about time you're right Jim Sarni It's about and it goes to sure if you're right enough crap soon or later so it'll come back in at the ground Too bad Jim Sarni writes all that stuff about radio and time check it or anything about it He's still too busy writing about how ABC's new fall shows suck and it's so End of me Here's a call from Boca. Hello Yeah, you're doing the hell okay first fall Just turns 63 yesterday five twenty six. I like to get a jingle by May 526 Happy birthday pal. Okay, and on your poll I think Carlos is taking over George's spot. I think he's proven himself that he's the better Better for still listen to George is pretty much on its way out It's kind of Jones the way I'd like to go I could use a house in the way soon And I like to recruit George Would you if that would be possible? Okay, I think your freaky curl speed you do it Maybe it was Reverend Jones doing a voice doing it every day last week. Did he really yeah Well, he's he's out there for a whole time today. He's out there Ha ha ha ha ha Maybe maybe he would like to recruit you. Maybe that's what it's all about I'm sure maybe like to put you into his flock no doubt 567.0560 so there's the guest that the boner boys take an over-George's spot Of course we already know that's true anyway. That's imminent any day. Okay, can I hold on to pull now? Pull us up we got a short list because we're not you know we're not getting the kind of response that we should be That's because we got this other stuff like throwing us off a little bit What are some of the highlights from yesterday's Marlon game? 25 day road trip. It lost a fall boy Is the kick to throw the as pose ass? But there was nobody there and really when they showed on there and they showed the wide screen embarrassing Detroit three see I told ya what place did you visit or live in it? You want's love but now disliked the most Detroit three Amsterdam to New York to Vegas one and cancun one only nine posts, but it it just topped up our pulsing And don't forget to email us those pictures for the June contest to have couple contest now what are we Decided that people had lost before they can continue entering correct but not not if they want like second or third prize no right right That would it would be unfair yes So anybody that entered before I mean let's face it if you entered you got like three votes and you look like crap I mean unless you want to humiliate and degrade yourself again I mean you're entitled to do it, but why would you want to go through that again? I'm being burst and humiliated and get like two votes I'd like so in other words if each of the top two had over 700 votes we must have got quite a few votes right Right by the way something yeah the tax machine seems to be working Oh, right Okay, let's go back to the old tax number 305 65. Oh 198 650 leave it to that fix it baby. Oh, he's the best He got out his big one and he's stuck it right in a phone line there and twisted it out Got all the crap out of there Nice going fix it nice having you with us, okay? You How long now how long has he been hanging around there? I saw him last week for the first time because he was there remember about a year ago right he Jim Yelton is his real name. I should mention that Jim Yelton Our Washington Vater Engineer guy brings back the memories of Wild back in the days when we're on a real radio station Wild oh, I hate that stage and now looking at how the tables are turning especially in the coming days of QAM It's gonna be a major explosion in your radio Oh Latin lovers down there body old forge Come on You know the best part of him is I have no idea what he's talking about no I don't think he does and he hasn't either Which is kind like this show a lot of the time the more ankle-haired you are the better the uninsliced 567.560 pound now now I What's your name fix it now that you got that taken care of now start thinking about that line five, okay? Let's start communicating with him directly As opposed to try to go through torso and Bob vermuth and all these other half-assed horseball make believe engineers Let's start using Fixed it is our new Julio have to game a little bit of weight but nevertheless Here's a call from Miami hello. Hey, and hey, and welcome back. Thank you Good stuff on the air after you left, but I want to wait on the The lineup so not with George and good job Yeah, he's so sucks, but I you know, it's okay. Okay. I what do you call? Go these out Yeah, no moves choose the afternoon lineup. No moves to sunrise Correct and Get moved in front Morning morning drive Partially your you're you're getting warm look warm. Well, I heard the applause so For yourself it was kind of it was kind of like a half-an-pause, okay? Let's see what we got on the list so far. How's it coming because this pull out? I thought it was a good pull question Myself and mainly because of my bitterness about the Amsterdam experience wasting all of that money And it did it was like fun. It's flustered down the toilet. I could have got a Vegas lost every diamond at least had a good time doing it, you know Because Vegas is still fun, but it would be like if you went to Vegas and you took all the tourists the way and it was just the The local Nevada people there you'd hate it Although although like I told it before the show this morning at least Vegas has still got the casino is in the gambling and the shows in the excitement But if you only had the local people there and believe you meet the local I don't want to insult anybody who might be listening in Vegas on the internet or who lived there, but Let's face it and it's still a cowboy town. It's a bunch of Yahoo's man it makes Tampa look like Manhattan That's how backwards Vegas is so if you took if you took all the tourists the way and that's the same thing now with Amsterdam all you have is those nasty miserable grotesque smelly Dutch people But they do have great soap and the order and I brought back some of my five And because we do have so many Middle Eastern people here in Toronto I brought back some of the fell also Where are you exploding balls The boy has gone Up I I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. It's like your heart like a trampoline. I am all alone. In my thinking dream, For breaking to you, me. It's got no personality. So I fear all alone. Ten or two or five, sixty, two or two. I'm here now. I'm a little bit scared of you. I think you might be doing Mark around after that last bedbook. Do you think we're going to get a little bit warmer now? I think we're starting to get a little bit warmer. If you ask me, five, six, seven, five, sixty. Pound five, sixty. On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line, a week of big massive changes. And you know what I said changes? As in plural? Right. Now based on the latest rumors that we're hearing out of it, and I just made up. Let me see how many different shows will be affected by this phenomenal broad week. One, two, three, four, five. Five shows Monday through Friday, daytime shows. Maybe affected. And these things go through any will. They will. Trust me. Five, six, seven, we heard from a lady at today. No. No. Here's a call from Mark Claire. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. I've got a one-year poll. I think it's very good. Okay. Baltimore, Maryland, the parallels to Troy, a lot of ways. Once a great town with commerce and manufacturing, real people now, it's just a real die. And. Okay. I'll stay out of it. Hey, by the way. Yes, sir. It's plus you'll not post you'll genius. Okay. Thanks. This is the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, a beautiful guy. That's the ab union guy genius. I thought you said, plus true. I said, plus. As I was thinking about him. That's the guy again. That's the, ab union guy. Yeah. Mr. I'm smart and you're dumb, but I'm obsessed. Okay. Five, six, seven, five, six, no ladies, no nothing that it's going to be pretty weak. What did you do the audience over? Even the guy that hated you said you were okay. I want to cause last week, Boner boy. Oh, they actually weren't bad. Half the time. See, I don't want some kind of a sugar coated answer. I want to share coated. I want to share coated. That was like a mealy mouth answer. It would be like me asking you what the new lineup is going to be. And then you trying to like be to run a bush because you know, you're going to get your ass canned if you tell everybody. And the same thing with us, how are the, a very direct, so this is like when I asked a poll question, I speak proper English and they're going to have corrects who wouldn't have had any calls at all. There you go. Good one. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. What place did you visit or live in that you once loved, but this like the most? So far New York, 8, minus 7, Amsterdam, 7 Detroit, 5, Vegas, 2 and cancue to how can it really be 31 votes? Maybe their choice is non-nery. We have an added Baltimore yet for our Abulian guy. Isn't that could be it that we put this on our Tucson. Maybe their choice ain't on our yet, right? Or maybe they still love those places. That's possible. Maybe they don't have any of these categories. Maybe they still love New York. They just can't afford to live there. Or maybe they got thrown out. Or maybe they always hated those places. Right. Like Amsterdam, and maybe they still like going there and getting the stone on their ass. Okay, in spite of, oh. It's so sad. So sad. In fact, maybe Elton John can write a song about it. Here, here's the lady, a lady in the Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, me, Elton. How are you? Okay, Donna. I have to say Orlando. Okay. Loved it. It's horrible now. Or overcrowded. Crazy traffic, horrible. Too hot. And by the way, I do love George. Okay, thanks, Donna. Thanks, bye. Bye, bye. George said the check is in a mail. So there's one that's not going to make our friend to have. I know. And he's going to be pissed off. Now she's right. Orlando used to be kind of a fun town. Now it sucks. What? Yeah, it was okay. I liked it. Used to see Boner boy at the parliament house all the time. Could you beat the ass smoking parliament lights? How could you beat it with a stick or five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, six. Oh, guess what was on movie? Olotsan was you don't get last night. God damn it. It was a show about graffiti. And it was actually some glory holes that they showed because they were showing what's you know, different bars and joints on places. Yeah, and they showed glory holes on it. I wish I thought what if it right in so well with this show. But the graffiti thing of it was really interesting. And they had like a bunch of a perverts on her. You know, people that we can relate to. And they were discussing the reasons why people do the thing. And if they were shown women who use their lipstick and they had one broad on her who had a big, what do you call these things? Press. No, no, she had big breasts too, but they were saggy. But she had like a big magic marker. What do you call those things? Like a sharpie. A big Sharpie. She had a big sharp one. And she's stranded on and she was checking out that glory hole. I think. Now, seriously, she had a big Sharpie. And then the other women were showing how they used the different shades of lipstick to white graffiti. I never thought that in the ladies' John that you would find like a lot of graffiti. How the hell would we know? We wouldn't know. But you might. You're kind of got to probably go slinky here. Yeah, I don't know. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Kind of a creepy start here, especially on that pole. Jesus Christ, did you drive the whole freaking audience away? Let's blame George for it. That's what Viner Bonerboys said. Only 34 votes on there. We've been pumping this thing for half an hour. And you hit it earlier. Their choice isn't on there. Or they always thought these places sucked. Yeah. Or maybe they maybe they think these places are great. Maybe. Everybody in the audience who's been to Aspen, Colorado thinks it sucks. Isn't that what Bonerboys always raven about? Aspen or is it that other place? Why am I asking it? You like Aspen? And Aspen. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, you go, uh, the new lineup. 6 to 10. Scott Ferrell. Jim Sandwich. And Jazz Locate. Now you can close. 10 to 2. Yeah. Your Rogers. 2 to 6. 6 to 10 the big. Oh. Yeah. You move it back to 10 to 2. Oh, that part. Well, we'll see. I didn't even notice he said 10 to 2. Well, I could be part of the thing. Couldn't. Could it or not? As the case, Miami. That would sure be great. Go back to 10 to 2. Oh, what do you folks think about that? Oh, okay. Thank you. I just counted all the hands are up in a year. And they said we like it. I sure like it. Got all that goddamn monoclock. I was like, it's just a nightmare. Thanks a lot of Greg for taking a year of my life. And practically putting me in a grave. Give me a stroke. You jackass. You you grave the robber. Man, that's what he is. He's a freaking grave robber. I have to go through all the song. It's just because of the fact that he screwed up the morning show. And spent 15 months trying to undo his. His. His. Dastardly deeds. Here's a call from the. Here's a call from Boca. Hello. How you doing, man? Okay, sir. Yeah, I got that from him. Stay a couple weeks ago. And it was expensive. Consider like. Uh, exchanging Canadian dollars for euros. Uh huh. Fifty four cents. Right. Unbelievable. We got against. He went. We got against. We're a bit of our. I've never been there. I don't have anything against that. Just never been there. What? The only thing that I'm always hearing about. Key West is that people go there to get drunk. And when you don't drink, what's the point of going to someplace where people go to get drunk? Could you look in drugs? Uh. I got a request. Can you do uh, Boca? That's on, uh, that's what I like about Boca? Yeah. Thank you. I'll work on it, pal. Have a good day. Have a great day. I got to write all the hears of my. The Boca song. How do you like that? I like that. I got my hand on it right now. I think. Don't I? Uh, come on. I want to help. Did somebody come in here? Maybe one of the, uh, Symmorchats came in. I'm sure it's that. Oh yeah. In fact, it's Sarah Goldfarb, but it's been an Amsterdam. She even wanted to look for sighting people there. I'll guarantee you that. At least one of the best looking. And I'm talking about when she came out. There was the end. Oh, with the haircut. Yeah, with a nifty haircut. That Bob. Hmm. I don't see that's what I like about Boca. I remember it was on a really funky, uh, one of those CD. Uh, things. Right. I got it. I got it. Whoop. What? I would be really, uh, if I lost that thing again, he'd really get better. She poor little Boca Brian just burned you know the copy. He just burned another big one. Five six. And I'll speak at a burn and they were going to pass that. Well, they're not going to pass it. They're tabling it, which means that they're putting it out there for them to what they're going to be on and spoke on in the pass around, puff on a little bit. And I'll guarantee you the US government don't cut into that too much. They're not too crazy about it. Oh, the biggest news that happened while I was gone. Which I'm sure I'm positive that it was on our website. The reason I know was on our website is because I think that's where I put it in the Now from. The editor of the New York Times about Dr. Bob. Yeah. Yeah. Passed a butter please. This is great. And isn't it a shame, but it always happens that a guy like Dr. Bob Mackins has to croak before he finally starts getting the credit, you know. That a big news story about it is not a fact. In fact, that's what Mo was suggesting to me a couple of weeks ago. He said, you know, really, if you would just croak people would say a lot of nice things about you. And all these years that you've been on the ear and town, if you would just die, you know, and I said, I don't think so. Not yet. Passed a butter please. Get the honey June. You're passed the butter same difference. So I want to read that. Very short of the terrible get to that. Not too many bedtime stories. Don't I want to first stay back? Not after we try to rebuild the audience. And of course, build the excitement about these big new changes. I love those glad ladies that are coming to QAM any day now. I see the fact if I keep playing his voice on there and I was drop in, people are going to think that it has something to do with the feral. And maybe it doesn't. Maybe it doesn't, you know. What? Maybe it doesn't. Maybe it does. Maybe it does. And maybe it does. And do. 51 votes. What place did you visit or live in that you once loved but now dislike them? My name is 16. New York 14. I'm Stadom 7. Oh. The trite 7. Vegas 4 and canned Cune has got 3. Got it. Got it. Baltimore and Orlando will go on list as soon as their kids around. It would okay. A little bit slow. At least I noticed that one thing hasn't changed. A little bit slow. Did you advise Eric Boner boy? Just something email. Okay. Because I am always ripping him and ass. A big fat ass which isn't hard in his case. Usually it's your fault because you're like, you know, there's too much lag time. Yeah. Like the thing we're getting with effects. A lot of facts is pouring in now. No. I know it. Now that our facts machine is working, we're not getting any facts. It's from you people. There's 650198. We got it fixed. Maybe they're going to the other way. Let me say it again. Our facts machine works. They're a little slow here. All right. See I forgot. After being over there with those beautiful people. It looked like a rougher bird behase. And we do how we tap. Remember where you'm how we tap. Oh yeah. Good for them. Seriously, you've seen the pictures in with a big beard and a big handlebar mustache. Right. That's what the people in Amsterdam look like. Even the women. 1013 and five. And I was starting to say before about that. They're not gonna stop. But they make great. Uh, that products. It's just a shame to, and under the local people over there. Use any of them. Kind of like the French. Hey, are you bald? Don't call f F. I'm not asking you. I'm just asking in, like in general. Don't pull the was this pause. There's a pause because it's a question. I'm waiting to give the answer. Don't interrupt the commercials. Okay. And I'll miss your hot-chat. Just because that was on vacation for a week. In fact, you may be part of that change. And you're not even aware of it yet. How do you like that, smarty pants. Are you bald? No. Don't call Fast Train, Social Performance Problem? Don't call Fast Train, Get In Job Now, We're talking, that's the thing we get to just there, call Fast Train, because they can have you fully trained already for a new high-pain computer career, just for short months, call Fast Train today at 1-8-6-6-fast train, that's 1-8-6-6 Fast Train, they got locations all over time, so there's bound to be one nearby you, they're in Miami, Kindle for Lododale, and Pemper Pines, you know they got a good sense of humor, because they put up with Todd Dreck, and the copy he writes for them, we wouldn't wish on Eva Brown, Fast Train offers job placement assistance, financial aid, convenient-daving weekend classes, so there's not any excuse to stay in that dead-end job of yours one more day. Your new career is just a phone call and four months away, that's how Fast Chicken have you fully trained for a great computer career, so jump on a Fast Train day and call him tool-free, they'll be glad to answer all your questions with no obligation, call 1-8-6-6-fast train, or check them out on that wicked web, at Fast Train.com and to be pleased to know I saw Gary Sarner's look alike in Amsterdam several times again in the last 10 days, and he's still an asshole. Hard or I'll live her? I will I give it to you. I'll show the smell, this lousy, looky me, a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a- I will say! I will burn eternally for writing their songpogilah games I! Don't like is that crap on this microphone, my god, it's from like 1986. Hank was Boston Sound Whitchunk? Jesus! Tennie Tenetie in At Five, Sixty, don't give us no flipと思� Hank. Christian Kindle, Flexion says, My vote for the poll as the Bahamas. Now we're talking Tracy, never again for love or money and I ask second that emotion. And I show you a wreckway among independent film channels Saturday the 34th is this Saturday 12 15 in the morning, which I'm assuming that means Friday night. I would say if you go to IFCTV.com you can sign up to get a reminder email for from them for what's on spy reports is Tracy. I listen to Phil Henry last week and I'm sad to say that he's doing a poll now on his show. Are you sure he doesn't ask for suggestions like you he just announces the poll topic and choices and then talks about the poll results during the show. Thanks for the spy report Tracy is pretty sad. Okay. Okay. And sound too originally to me. Well, good it's better than doing right wing fanaticism. No, when you think anything is. Miami 28 on a pool. Miami you're pulling away from the pack. What place did you once visit or live in that you once love they used to love but not this like the most you hated like poison. Miami 28 New York 16 Detroit 10. I knew that was a winner man. Detroit used to be a great and exciting a vibrant place used to be music city baby. Great. And then they turned it into a toilet and it never came back. Never came back. Amsterdam still got seven. Vegas 4 can Koon 3 or land those got a pair of Baltimore don't have any rocket scientist out there Baltimore doesn't have any he could even vote for his own choice give me a bunch of crap. Mr. Er what was the word? Immunian. Yeah. And how can we don't have the Florida keys in the Bahamas on there yet or because I haven't said that yet? The Florida keys used to be pristine and beautiful. It says is a Richard Craneam old Dick. Now too much development to many weirdos. Love Dick. Okay. Let's get that on there too don't you think the Florida keys? We got it. Why does everybody think what what would you been to keep watch them sure a couple times right and What am I missing it was a little cramped? Was my impression of it? No, be a champ right note note like there's only one public beach all the right of the maroon by the hotel so you full of rocks Right and the the beach was rocky and I guess it's just the events like I was done there for fantasy fest That was fun and lots of drunk some winner right you're there for fantasy fest. Not fantasy fest sorry the other thing liar Another George was there for fantasy fest Wow with some other painted breasts no wonder you and my muffer get along so good these days got get off this instant When the hell was that by the way that's not Ken Maldon No, it says got off this instant It's that smuck with all the money Benstein 560560 pound nobody's guessed the new lineup for QA which starts it's almost imminent almost any moment in fact before you fart again We could have that new lineup on here and this slap you right in the post I'm sure that we'll get lots of press about this notes to think all that they're gonna be writing about it like crazy about all the big changes and major stuff going on Maybe even time jica will love by radio you think Jim Sarniel write about it Jim Sarniel already wrote about it But he didn't write about the changes. Oh, he did write that as usual got a wrong But how for well belongs on a night. I will tell you this right now Scott for well will not be doing nights on QA Okay, so Jim Sarniel. I'm not gonna get it let the horse out of the barn or the cat out of the civic cat out of the bag But I will tell you right now as usual Sarniel You don't know you're asked for my elbow, okay? You don't know what you're writing about You're on the outside. You see he's been out of shape because he knows the mad dog and that's about it He has no other connections as Suppose the very jackass over there at the make believe newspaper the once upon a time allegedly great Miami He wrote a very jackass who's got not only Greg's home phone number. He's got his cell phone number. He's got what's your name's number 567. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's Melbourne. Hello Okay, sir your poem is interesting because I Prima's grew up in South Florida and lived there for 47 years and actually moved to Ochoa have got three four years ago I'm communing I'm coming back down to work for business reasons, but I just couldn't wait to out of South Florida It's just a neat bit toilet and the only reason I got to go back is because of work Amen well said And one other question dear the radio maven. I always miss Joe ain't so do you know what he's doing now or He's doing a giant. He's doing a San Francisco Giants. Oh, yeah, yeah He leaves left South Florida and he winds up in the world series the first year where the giants I was I always I Join him when he and Miller used to do the Oreo games back on I OD back all 13 years ago And I was so happy when the monolent picked up to arrange because I want a great boy He had what he did the game so well, they they tried to stick it to him and pay back as a bitch He turned it around and went to work for the giants and he wanted to be in the world series So a school damn that organization is screwed over more people they deserve to have their 5,000 people again. They suck Yeah, I agree with you one one thing You have any five ever heard on the radio always spoke to mine always didn't care what management said care what owners say or anything Yeah, why can't you post new line of right now? Well, I mean just because I speak my mind doesn't mean that I can just make up the things as I go along if you work for somebody They tell you well, we don't want to let the cat out of a baggie. You can just that's a different story. You know Okay, I In other words, I need a paycheck you know what I'm saying? Okay, I'm gonna see you now you too I mean the juicy and the course he's trying to ashamed me and like let the cat on the bag It's real simple somebody says hey look we don't want this on the air if you say that you won't and it would happen to be the people Who pay my paycheck every twice a month pretty happy heavy duty paycheck? I'm sure it's not gonna like to try to prove a point of how much you why I am kind of come on here Say well, I'll show you a thing or two or three you know But now that you mentioned it I mean what would be the point in that but this is he I understand nice triceries a very clever guy He wants to like you know Embarrassed me because he's easy schoolman at them off you can you imagine how many people are got salivating out there We could find out right now and there are some people that can't stand being in suspense Well good as opposed to just having some fun with it No, but I think I think either way it's great people who look at this. What is this? Oh, no, this is the worst thing I have ever seen in my life Oh The first day I'm back from vacation and you've asked me this. Sorry it just came across oh She was such a sweetheart Mm-hmm. Oh Seriously, she was very nice to me and I knew her pretty well I don't I don't even want to put this on the air. I'm so depressed. I'm just this shop Anybody remember Linda Thornton they used to write radio and TV used to really write about radio and TV in a Harold sure As a poor you know, this is really sad. I mean as opposed to like a faker like Tom Jekko came along from writing a dog racing A pick in the dog races all of a sudden made him into a TV and radio guy We've doesn't know his answer. He's elbow and doesn't write anything about what's going on as opposed to there There were some what was the other girl's name the young lady. I don't want to call her girl. What was it? Befallen the Thornton. Oh For a craft the girl that before your time huh? Pat Curry. No, not Pat Curry. I'm talking about somebody who really know about radio and TV. She would She would never never heard of it. Yeah. She was good Linda I see Linda Rios Thornton a previous entertainment staff writer for the Herald is died after long your list She was 48 Linda Thornton worked as promotions director at such popular radio stations WINZ WIOD and magic one or two points seven in the south-load area for six years is entertainment and promotions Director at the date County Youth or an exposition Thornton booked all entertainment court They did media promotions and wrote an edited publications most recently Thornton worked at homes that air reserve bases environmental programs Information specialist Publicizing the environmental Restoration project through the creation of press releases and newsletters Thornton's love for animals prompted her to work weekends at the adoptive pet center at homes dead Assisting adoptions and providing information on a care and maintenance of the adopted cats and dogs Linda survived by her husband Josh marks her mother five sisters of brother many nieces and effus to visit this guest book online You go to wwww dot Herald dot com obituaries Sashabichoris this was in the Herald 521 Deepest condolences to Linda's husband and family all her reference. She was a sweetheart. She was one of the really nice people I've encountered in all the years Have been in south-load as she was only 48 tragic Thanks for running my day in my week in my month George. No, charge. Oh What a sweetheart. What a ring. I mean legitimately nice person. Yes. He was I Remember when she was going out with Joe Johnson. Remember Joe Johnson. I think he's still on magic plane at same corny music. No You know Joe Johnson. Oh, yeah the singer not the DJ you don't know Joe Johnson from magic Wait, that's Joe. What do you know about radio? You know something. I think you may be in line for jikka's job. You know it all right Yeah, I'll play the LA and watch the TV sure and give fed the wind and diner And then go on and fill in for a decano upon an open up a big mouth 1028 at five. I'm just I'm not the same. I'm not the same person. I was three minutes ago You know what I mean? Thanks. Sorry Hey, if you got a big ugly ball spot there's one guy in town and one guy in the universe You can make it go away make you look great and that's Charles Alfieri Charlie's the best in the universe That's why even a millionaires in vineaners go to Charlie because they know for no price in the world Can they get a better look and head ahead than with Charlie's natural hairline system? He's been doing it for probably close to 30 years. I would say right now when you say about 30 about 30. I'm talking with the famous and Not so famous and everybody gets Charlie's guaranteed how many days he gives you the guarantee for So after 30 days if you don't love the way Charlie's system looks and feels and spells if you're not getting lots of action Charlie give you a full refund so the only thing you've got to lose is that ugly ball spot that makes you look not only bad But a lot older as well and be sure mention your rages when you call because Charlie gave you two in a book Disco off the regular low price already just wrapping the ball dimension my name even if one doesn't have an ingrown here Charlie also services and repairs all types of her systems. Why do you wait for only 25 or 30 bucks? I wonder if he works on ingrown hairs on testicles Maybe maybe on the side I'll check I'm a side call toll free the Charles Alfieri studios and get your hair back Call 1800 321 2413 forget about those pills those injections those mousey-lookin pieces look like a real Manchigan with some real great look in here from the Charles Alfieri studios 1-800 321 2413 My Los 50 No There's community We have royalty, like all of them. And that's what I like about Coca. Oh! I don't like egos on heaven's small. I don't like they say, help all. And they're big on us as a whole. And that's what I like about Coca. I like it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And 10 grand on home for speeds. And it's when the day in Jewish bakery is usual, take these delicacies. And that's what I like about Coca. The pleasings of Jews are added to the woods. And then on the end, double the Jews at the Wii-Fline Fursor. And the even move. And that's what I like about Coca. Yeah. House prominence, watches. What things to resemble? It's the store news. We love this. It's the market at the time of movies. When I was reading it, this one was just going to be really awesome. I'm just like a dog, I'm just like a dog. Oh, I think it's great. The Thumbudian Lucky. 1033 at 5.60. I said it one thing if I was approaching my 70th birthday very rapidly and I was going to have to be getting up like a 2 30 in the morning every day. I'd be really disturbed. It would flip my way. I'm just thinking out loud and saying anything in particular. Anyway, 100 and 6 votes is all we got on the pole and that's about as lame as it ever gets and I think we did it when a stray here, you know, maybe I might have practiced. I thought it was a pretty good pull question. I just don't think we have enough good choices on our yet. What taste did you visit or live in that you once loved but now this like the most? 106 votes, Miami 50. New York 21. Detroit 13. And it's still like that 7, which means hopefully a lot of you haven't been there. We're recently good. Congratulations. Don't go there, please. Orlando 6 can Koon 4 vagus 4 and Baltimore's got one. So I viewed it guy haven't only got through got on her voted as one. Do we lose somebody off? What about the Bahamas be her boy? They've been sent to Bahamas and the keys. And Florida keys? I don't see them on her yet, Eric. Just put down the breakfast burritos. Okay, before you ever hear it, send you over the edge. There's a lot of crap in Amsterdam. I had a lot of crap. The food there's continues to suck. Did find one pretty good Chinese restaurant. The only problem is that they're like within a couple of hours. Oh my god. Yeah, crap in my brains out. Well, it's that's a bit you were eating. That's a little kitty cat. Don't be eating no more Chinese pussy cat. I'll tell you that right now. I'll do guys out there unless you want to be date. Okay, real soon. Quit going out there and grab a little farm yard animals out there. I mean, yeah, it's funny things that people do with little animals like that, you know? Yeah, like what? Like Richard Geer? Yeah. Yeah. That would be a good poll question. Which would you eat first? A durable oreosimica. Here's Bill and Ford Lodderdale is a chronic factor. But a wonderful guy who says the his guess at the new lineup is six to 10 a.m. Hypo Rick and Suds. Rick and Suds are not part of it. I can tell you right now. Okay. That narrows it down. 10 to two he's got Neil God. Two to four mad dog slash Joe Rose. Alder named keep man to tap in slashed. Four to six for well. He's got for well on four to six. Now six to 10 fat hank with Geldi is a board up where he belongs. 10 to two born again liberal fill in other words, transmitter maintenance. Are you sure? To the six the fake part by the fake body part. The nobody here is with mowing his musk. And Steve walk with a cane. Have you ever come boy you know it? And he's actually got a little bit of he's touching on a little bit of truth. And there you know it. See what I'm saying. Mm hmm. That's not so much. George is going to start humming kind of leasing just a couple of minutes. Mm hmm. Yeah. Any minute. Oh we just can't say but somebody did tell us before to show. Have fun with it. Have a good time. Good off. This is interesting. Yeah. Try to cover his ass though because he's already speaking to kind of easy. He's ever got enough letters in his file. Have fun but don't say nothing. Right. Have a good time with it and tease the audience real good. But just keep it mom. Mazda lawn mess ago. This is some good news now. Not nearly enough to counteract that the pressing piece of news he sent me before about Linda Thornton. I'm just blown away by that. Yeah. 48 is like barely living. That is tragic. A former priest who fled the Mexico to escape US sex abuse charges died after jumping from the third stray balcony of a hotel is police closed in the 30 city yesterday. Good. The only good child molesting priest is a dead child molesting priest. Can we all as we on that? Except the course for a dentist. SIG-freeed F-WILD-DIRO 62 faced dozens of child molestation charges in California and Wisconsin. Police around at the beach side hotel and planned to arrest will Dura. Yeah. Would Dura WID or would Dura in his resort city? I'm Mexico's Pacific Coast. The Mexican judicial authority said. Minutes after 30's arrived with Dura ran to the balcony of his room and jumped. Said a martyglity error is a spokesman for the attorney general's office in the Senate. Sena Lawa, Lowa State. She said it was unfair while he jumped saying that he might have been trying to escape. And Marta, I hate to break the note here. He was a close sweetheart. He died of head injuries Sunday and his way to a hospital, she said. Through the U.S., police are ordered as arrested to request the U.S. cuter parts and planned to extradite him. He was ordained to Catholic priest in 1967. Six years later, he was convicted of sexual misconduct with adolescent boy in the Milwaukee area and sentenced to three years probation. And that goes on and on about a whole long, long, long relish token. So we got a dead child molesting priest. What we say. Maybe he just didn't like the water there. You know, I might have been a five six seven. Five six seven. Five six the honor. The snowman is all we did get 10 cool and so I take that back. Fight your lip, okay? Fight it. By the. Miami's got 62 votes in place. You once loved lived whatever and the 64 votes. And now hated the slack of the most. Miami 64 near, did you just crack your knuckles? Yeah, I did. I was discussing New York 25, the trade 14 or land on an Amsterdam tied with seven of the peace. I see a lot of similarities there, not Vegas 4 can, Koon 4 Baltimore 2. No votes yet for the Bahamas of the Florida Keys only 127 votes. This is the most disaster, uh, uh, Dastardly pool. We've taken in in months on this show. Who do you think's responsible for it, Boner Boy? Uh, uh, Eric. Oh, man. I'm going to talk about wrecking up those points. I think you got a good point yourself. Hey, Eric, get with it. Okay. I noticed nothing has changed in his, uh, and the best news of it is. I almost forgot about it because it was so exciting. Look at this. Can I punch it up? Punch it. Right. Line 5. There it is. See, we got fix it there. Go to show you what a schmuck course is. We begged and we pleaded and belly ached and bitched and screamed and carried on. Didn't get nothing. We got nothing accomplished. And now we got Jim Yeltson around there. Oh, fix it. Not only we get the fax machine fixed and we're like about an hour or less. We also got line 5 back after weeks and months and years. All right. We finally got a real engineering building is opposed to a couple of impostes. They're got naked pictures of the beastly with a bully goat. Twenty-be-four eleven at five, sixty-w-dq-way. Big new line up coming only days away. Any infected could be, who knows, you know? Right. One thing we can't see honestly, we don't know exactly the moment to day the second. But it's current score, short. Make no mistake about it. The lights are white-poken, you're super store for the atkins, that you never got me to the read the atkins at a tour of the New York Times yet. Oh, sorry. Or any other low-carb sugar free dart is introducing the new almonds that cakes by control car about the lights and these come in blueberry banana or classic almond. These serving is only one effective car, or sample the lights new chocolate raspberry muffin with only one gram of carbs and if you liked something crunchy, be sure to try one of the new three flavors of low-carb racket chips. So, whether it's carbolite ice cream, reds, rolls, cheesecake, chocolate, pasta, sauces, any of the 600 low-carb foods, the lights that was focused the place you've been loving because everything in the store is dedicated to you and new people out there to try and desperately lose that weight. And you can always try anything in the store before you buy it to. Their staff knows dieting, including atkins, especially inside and out there open every day, seven days a week, ten and ten. And it created the most complete line of atkins brand products under the sun. They're always 25% off the regular price all day every day. Atkins diet is rated number one, so head to the number one low-carb sugar free store in the universe. The lights of West Bokey will find them on the northeast corner of blades in a 441 right next to Boston Market, or call them toll free at 1-877 low-carb. Check them on on the web at lowcarb.com. You know where you find them, note you. No, that's where you find them. Don't forget there's only one lights of West Bokey or official atkins retail centers. The other old tool. God. It's the video to HyperTV. Freeze. Go on wild. Find out what these wild men of the club do when they lose their colors. It's wild, wild, wild. See, Francis can vigorously annoy their flock, not examine it in sprawlicking in an after-hours window-biler. It's all on freeze-gone wild. Freeze-gone wild is hot on them, and it's very legal seminary students. Barter Rosary beef at Marty Groth. Don't delay. Order today. Freeze-gone wild. Order now, and we're seeing the bonus video. Seminary slots. They're young. They're hot, and they're sharing a steamy sauna. Operators are standing by, so order now. To order freeze-gone wild, have your credit card hand in call 1-800-Altribor. May not be suitable for children over 15. Let's see, Phil Salzman called Lotta Tuck you off the air. Carlos explained, no can do it. Look at his number. It's 95. I've been everything. What is that all about? Did he say? No, he did not. Why not? Why do all these people keep calling you like fat boy did the other day? And then the demanding to talk to a Georgia in that case, or me, in this case. What's that all about? I don't know. I don't know. I don't think Phil is doing a racist from Colorado. I heard somebody else under any racing thing a couple days ago. Whenever it happened, what? Maybe that's not a joke. Maybe that's not what it's all about. Well, I hope Phil's okay. Okay. Maybe he's curious. Curious about one. About the programming changes. Okay. Look at this. About, oh, and to show you that people are a little bit out of it. Maybe it was too much booze on a holidays. So, Lynne Samuel. A Lynne, thanks for the bravo thing which I have right here. But her other email is inane at best. She says, and we're ready to our pull. What about New York City? It's got 26 votes sweetheart. What place did you visit or live in? She's starting to get like the rest of our audience now. So, maybe it's contagious. What place did you visit or live in that you want to live? But now this like the most. Miami's got 77. And not the any place even close to Miami. Meaning all of a South Florida course, like, you know, surside. Pemor flakes. Sweet water. New York 26. Detroit 16. Orlando 9. Amsterdam still stuck on 7. See, and of course, if it's difficult to really determine what this means. You don't see it. Because you don't know if you just don't have that many people went there. We got a lot of people in Saudi and so are Amsterdam people. So I don't know what that means. Maybe they still like it. Or maybe they just haven't been there recently enough to hate it. Believe me, you will. Vegas 5. Cancun 4. The keys 4. Baltimore's got 2 now and a Bahamas have got the big. Oh, brother, you kidding me. I went through that one time just at one time and I cruise many years ago. I wouldn't go back if they gave me $5,000 to gamble. Forgive me, all my meals for free. I wouldn't go back. I would not. They can take the Bahamas and you can. It blows. That whole arrogant obnoxious condescending attitude there. It makes me sick to my stomach. And now I'm confusing the Bahamians with the Jamaicans. Probably. I am. Then you know what you're making thing I'm talking about because I have a real problem with that. That whole the imperious Jamaican. The imperious Yamaya. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That like talking down to your condescending kind of a thing with that phony accent. I hate that. Man. There is something really, really, think about that. Hold your making experience. Yeah, right. I hope our winners don't want to contest a good time there in spite of it. NBC on Bravo will corf you as December with American television's first prime time. The first prime time. The first prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The second prime time. The first prime time. What will it get after it? What will it get? The second prime time. One next. When it won't get from Touch Bl隨phEEE's notebook. This was the cellular hexagon. think this will be truly groundbreaking television said series executive producer and co-creator Douglas Ross. One of the reasons we decided to take the basic dating format and throw in this twist is that we wanted to show to appeal the way broader audience. These six episodes boy will premiere on Bravo in July at a date and time to be determined. In each episode the bash that will interact with other men on group and one on what why? They'll interact with other men on group and one on one dates and gradually eliminate those he is interested in the one-winner remains. And then of course if the winner turns out to be straight, somebody's better here at Brabane blown out. While the actual sexual orientation at least one contestant will be disclosed that the outset of viewers but not the bachelor, the identity of some of the others will not be revealed until the bachelor himself finds out the exact number of heterosexual suitors was not devised by Bravo nor was the summen at work paid. Any sexual intimacy beyond kissing was strictly prohibited on boy which was shot from May 9 to 17 and a pair of homes in Palm Springs, California. The bachelor identified as 32 from Southern California works in human resources division of a law firm. Boy is hosted by Danny Beer from extra VEHR my saying I write Beer by guess or whatever. Okay there you go there's some a fag stuff for you but it's going to be titillating because it may be a faggy and may not be and maybe some to go get their brains blown out of the end. It would be a little bit of a seven. I think that's probably coming up in the next reality show. You know that thing where puppies that shoot the host right? I think maybe that's going to be it. You know like shoot somebody. Yeah and we never know who's going to get shot in the end of the show and they have to watch like about 15 episodes and then the final one finally somebody gets just pissed off and that's it. I already know what the name is going to be. Yeah, kill some people. I like it. Oh, oh speaking of him yes. Yeah. What? So what did it feel sauce no one? Oh, see I don't I don't like that stuff. It's disturbing to maybe. What is it? Colin? Huh? You want me to call him? Yeah you've got the number there. You must have because you said, you call him and see what he wants because I hope he's okay because then a few years ago we had that thing where they didn't near killed him in the hospital. Right. And I know I did not hear him call him to races from Carter. Whenever the last time I checked the racing channel next break I'll call him. Good. Call up Phil Softman if he's not sick or anything. Tell him I still can't stand the fact he put those people in my seats at the hockey game. Five sick look at this. See I would wish that we get a call online five now that we have a work in so at least it makes it worthwhile. Huh? Baby steps. Come on. Baby crap is what you're talking about. I can smell it all the way up here. It smells like baby crap. Come on you people get with it. What is going on in this show? We got some exciting news him. We're never going to tell you unless you a book up a little bit. Five six seven. Oh five, 60. Who's going to be the first caller online five now that it works. I don't think we're getting up calls to get line five to ring. I wish which you see I don't know how those things work. Mix and match. It's not in order here. Oh really in any particular word. So that means we'd have to get a lot of calls right at the moment there's only three on a board. Pretty weak. Here's orientation. Hello. Neil. How you doing? Okay sir. Okay. I got the real quick to fix your programming problems. Yes. Which is very simple number one fire Joseph Gakings just because he's thus. Number two called Jeff the Forest Probation Officer. So you have a change of venues approved. Uh-huh. Get a get defo on the morning show. How are they with out of there? Uh-huh. And get managed on the morning show. Put for L on from one to three. Yeah. And that pretty much fixes everything. You just deal to do an update. Okay. And if they can't get Joe Rose back to, basically it just hit a big reset button because I mean the last 16 months of this station has been crud is programming line up at some of your show. Well that lines re and by the way Peter Boner boy the bat lines re and line 12 they're better grab a real quick and re and all day it's some idiot trying to fix. Oh I'm sorry. Well I will take it under consideration. Okay. Thanks. Thanks, Bally. Well by you know this that all just about all these people that are programming suggestions they do include for relevant line up. Powered in the morning with some call odds. Woo. It is that special K isn't it? Yeah, special. All right. And of course I would ask George what the K stands for but he probably says some anti-semitic thing. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T. How about Kvetch? There's a K at the beginning of Kvetch. I can't think of any more crumudially and Tretchi in old mo. The mo monster. How you guys been getting along since I've been out of there? I mean like last week. Yeah. He's been promoting the the substitute show which is mighty really. Yeah he has the slap fight right between the encarlus. Yeah every day. Okay here's some money that you call affiliate. No. Is there anybody online 5 it? See I can't get anybody to call it is going to spill over to line 5 and I got to get that done. We got 4 is lit. 677 and I'm not that you have any way of knowing what line your call is going to pop up but if we had enough calls on here right now if the phone was ringing off the hook if this crowd was but more important than that. Yes, it's on line 4 and apparently he'll talk to you on the air. Oh Phil Saltzman's online 4. I thought you meant Phil Henry. Are you sure? Phil. Hi Neil. Kpasso. Well friends of all let me express my profound thanks for learning so much about me. I am still working at call there but I only worked 4 days a week instead of 5. My Zen. Well we have another guy that I guess they're grooming to take my place someday when I lose my eyesight my voice and you mean like about the middle of August? You know usually that happens about the middle of August there but any house name is Bobby Numan he doesn't terrific job and he covers me on Tuesday he calls the races on Tuesday and I call Friday Saturday Sunday and Monday. Well thank God for that. Yeah well thank you for your concern I really had how did an asshole how did an asshole like Vic stuff or why did two races at Hollywood Park what's at all about? I don't ask you about Vic stuff but I have no idea. But I'm right the war night. Okay see you know have to say anything you reaction with a little laughter that's all has to be said very good very well done. See everything is again. Listen I didn't find that I want to talk to you off the air about when you get a shot so I left my cell phone number for you whenever you want to know what is it about what is it in reference to? It's about hockey. Oh. That's subject that's near and dear to our heart. Okay. So whenever you get a chance it's not pressing but whenever you can that's great. But in other words you're okay you're not dying we don't have some emergency life is going on great. No as a matter of fact I feel better than I've felt in a long time it's scary. Excellent. Anyway, that's your career concern and funny is funny side will win the triple crown. Let's hear a funny shot. I think it's going to be very tough to beat him but if he does get these I think it'll be by that Empire maker. Yeah. I think he's probably the horse to be. I think he's counterfeit Empire maker. Well we'll find out. And you know what? You know what? The good thing is the horse wins the pre-taste by 10 lengths and the Harold didn't even put a picture in there with a funny object in the Jose San Osandas time. Listen we don't want to start any old memories. Yeah. I don't want to talk about the Harold right. Okay well listen Phil take care of yourself and I'll give you a call. Thanks a lot Neil. Okay. Take care of a great day. And you too. See now I feel a lot better. Now that I know it wasn't some kind of emergency. It's just it's still two things like that you know. It'll be like my handyman like easy calling my mother like I want to go on vacate he did. It calls my mother up. What's he calling? Bitch. Nice calling as he. Here's the fact that it says I know and I'll line five ever ring it? No. No. What is going on? Is this thing work? If you bash there is won't get with it now there's something going on here. Okay there's gotta be somebody out there that will call it. I just just to make it ring just to satisfy me that we know that it works. 567 0560. Row and right other this little lip under that tongue groove. Pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Make that line five ring just one. There go with it. Come on you QAM line five. Sorry I'll be too to try to get. Would you stop being an asshole if that's possible? Line five hello. Oh, I seem to have did Carlisle. Yeah see what you did you look he's he's out you're done that damn Eric. Yeah Eric must have intercepted it okay got his fat finger when I probably thought there was um it was a Chinese delivery on this time there goes again okay here we go one last time WQAM line five Alright you're in man. Alright you done it. So I think it's off the nail. No I just wanted to see if I was gonna work. I don't want to talk to him I just want to make sure the guy damn line works. That fan is so large I don't think he has ever seen the butt master but seen in his life. Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true honey would celebrate a music biography profile story They got us champion along to their hit for some sugar on me But could the song have been about sex we'll find out from death lepros. What ever gave you the idea was about sex sex that is rich death leprosal is Joe Elliott spoke to inside the behind Along with his manager. Sleppy gold that song is not about sex right definitely no I specifically told the boys Right a song about sugar about how much your love sugar and you wanted for it all over you Right in fact if you had to choose between getting sugar for it on you or the luscious love nectar of some hot Bay poured on you you would definitely not go with a sweet sticky listening moisture dripping from Not it's about second toast about sex. I mean what you got us I mean of course So why asks inside the behind did they feel the need to lie listen things ain't been too good the death leprosince the 80s We've been looking for ways to make some dolls so we're We're doing a children's album. Yeah, we thought we could put some distance between us and love juices But the fans are gonna love this record, too. Don't you worry the boys ain't gonna compromise. No way we're gonna rock you You know it songs like my best friend is neat and and across the street with care today They must do with mommy and daddy Death leopard a band's gotta do what a band's gotta do But we'll all sure miss those references to female secretions It's a big juicy shopping when it look at show business tonight on inside the behind 1103 it's 5.56. You never I don't think Phil wanted to talk to me about hockey at all I think that's just to cover up he just was it wants me to call him off the years while something new lineup I think it right yeah everybody out there wants me to tell must be the school of beans I'm not gonna do it. It's got nothing to have in balls. It's got to do all the way. I do have that in grown here On one ball is that a postule? Yeah, say it's a postumous uh here Hank will be a chillist tomorrow not today since we're just fine. Is it what do cares you? Yeah I want to go to you. I don't have lunch. You don't have to sit around watching Hank for a little spat face Okay, but wait nice going on breaking regulations to my close friend Hank Goldberg who's learned from me Okay, when a new schedule comes up less work more pay or at least you know what I'm saying Let's work same pay right now Beinabord you here what he just said I'll just correct to me Do you hear what he just said? I thought I heard what he just said. Yeah, I think you just let part of the puzzle out of the the civic cat out of the bag oops yeah, oops Shine up that chair and I shouldn't early tomorrow morning beiner You won't be seeing George's as in it. Let's see Paris now. Here's a long convoluted thing about hockey and silly stuff from Jeff and plantation Thanks a lot A but but he does make a good point for the poll Paris thanks Jeff as far as the rest of it Nobody's gonna be watching Jersey in the inner-hine ducks including me who'd help gives a flying crap. Okay, just get it over with already And we don't give a crap about robby need a my or Scott need a my or nobody cares and Martin Broddour and all those other fraud crap Nobody cares Here's a fact that says I know you've been on the case. And so I don't know if you've seen or heard the new campaign from the state Gustavo yes, I have seen and write about it And really frost my ass is being somebody who's militant about that seat belt crap The click it or ticket harassment project are getting tough on grown-up legal adults who work in pay taxes Who choose not to wear a seat belt? How about zero tolerance at violent crime rape and pedophilia? It's nothing not securing a child, but if and I'll want to go through the windshield that's there problem do some real work Of them harassing the innocent public and you are Right on top dry run that I really believe it. I don't think the audience will respond until the new lineup takes place If then Here's my me be chillin Yes, sir. I'm I work best one talk to low. I got it for you. Moined guilty 68 8 to 10 for L 10 to 2 you 2 to 3 mad dog and then the rest is all the same If you knew how close you were man we'd send you a million dollars in small bills and then in our course Hank will lose the hour Pank could lose the hour or a couple of pounds either way. Okay. Thanks. Let me go. He's very close. He's pretty damn close to it. You know what? Yeah, of course if I say any more than that then I'll be letting the civic head out of the bank I don't want to do that and get them off into a whole bunch of crap I think since it's already passed a lot of clock in a morning. Don't you think it's time for them to like to give us the official go ahead now since we The ratings come out we put it out on his show. This is the place where people at least they used to before George Kill the audience for a week Yeah, seriously. This is where the people are meeting greeting eat and tweet right whatever pick their seat Eat spoiled rotten meat Probably from Canada it's a sweet treat So I think it's about time I maybe we ought to give him a deadline like by noon I think by noon, my for our clearance ought to come through that door and so just give you the big thumbs up. Okay, put it on the air. Okay, because we know the story We know what it is In fact, I think I am gonna scroll part of the bean right now since that last guy had it. Is that okay? I said nothing Yeah, I think I think what we're gonna do is we're gonna tell the audience that this program and I've been screaming about it for from the first week It started and we're going back to tend to to Yeah, yeah, I mean, I'm not telling any of the rest of the stuff it doesn't has no nothing with personnel changes We're just going back to the day-part that this show should have been on a long we've never should have had like let's see 13 14 15 months of 9 to 1 nobody does the show from 9 to 1. It's not done 9 to 1 got it and it ain't no fun Which has happened? I was for Elton just can't contain himself. Oh, is that it? Yeah, breath He's got his own studio over there Did you see some of the hose they got on the wall dripping in there? That's probably why you'll see a lot of him around So we're going back to tend it to there's one piece of the puzzle. Oh, let me not little a little bit here a little bit there because you know me Yeah, I just can't keep it in it's like a bad Chinese meal, you know, this can't hold it in too long 567. Oh 560 how's our very lame pull coming today? What place did you visit or live in that you once loved but now just like the most? I think it's a good I don't see any problems with that question to response I wouldn't wish it on goddamn a dick cheney or any other dick Miami 102 New York 34 Orlando 20 Detroit 18 the Bahamas 9 Amsterdam has been stuck on seven since before Jesus was a baby seven boats Vegas six of key six can Koon four and Balmer has got three out of 250 votes There's something I can I can smell the hair man I guess maybe what they what happened is they found out they can catch SARS over the radio right I think that's probably what happened oh So let me say again we were gonna go back to tend it to but based on this SARS thing We might have to reconsider here's Miramar hello Here's a call from Naples hello and Okay But it's 20 years yeah the same breakfast Mm-hmm Yeah, we're gonna be taking up a collection of lady mention that so this weekend We're gonna be having all our people on the corner 441 knives dairy road take out a collection for poor little Michael I'm just gonna get some good idea Five of course it's easy to go back up when you have to keep writing those multi million dollars checks those families It was a little boys that you've been boonin. There has to be a cheaper way 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line on a death melt too that I wouldn't wish on anybody Pathetic Here's a call from sunrise, hello Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. We're talking about a list in a couple of quick questions Oh my mother she went to Vegas a couple years ago and she stayed as a hotel. I think I'll search his circus. There's a ring about Does it ring a bell? Yeah, it sucks Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, she told me it was real nice and she and she told me that that's a great time and everything Circus circuses for like little kids that for how old is your mother? She's Actually was back at 74th. She was 30. Oh, I see okay fine I thought it was here that we got in like a start cutting back on the drug enforcement. I thought that was I north of the border Here's the fact that says welcome back to worst place was Cosimel George did a good job last week. He's improving is what it says here. Well, maybe they'd like to have George back for another couple of days So we get this new line up going Sounds really like a real breath of fresh air to me. Are we putting Cosimel on? It's already on there You're starting it like when Samuels now a pass email is not on our canned koon is on or excuse me another Excuse me my bad What's the difference? Cosimel can cool. It's like who do you are as route week is? I think it's a difference. Oh, yeah, they're all Mexican That's my point Maybe a boner boy there could tell you So let's get Cosimel on there past that up the pipeline area to Eric if you can okay You'll stick it in the pipe stick it in the pipeline would along with another one in breakfast burritos with extra sausage 5 6 7 0 5 60 see all the traveling people they're already on the road traveling somewhere now anyway although I don't think they're that many of many more that there are no Americans traveling They drive no no I'm I mean out of the country no They sure sell our to names to them which is which is okay that part of it is fine too because who now wants to go abroad and run into a bunch of Americans? Oh Although it would be better than those uh, where do my Howard tap look a likes 11 13 at 5 60 W come on tell you guys It's like kind of funky looking that's are good by my doing a wrong spot. Oh, I was almost good to do the pizza law Everybody well I mean since we got that great copy from our good friend Todd Drek. Why would I want to miss that? Are you evolved? Don't call fast train section performance problem don't call fast train But if you're in a dead end job Then you're one of those people ought to be called him right now this minute fast train can have you fully trained already for a new high-pink computer career in just four short months column tool free at 1 8 6 6 fast train That's one 8 6 fast train they've got locations in Miami Kindle for a lot of deal in temper fines so column today. There's no obligation. I'll explain the Howard works And how we just foreshared months they can get you on a road or real career 1 8 6 fast trains and number to call they offer you job placement assistance financial aid convenient D evening weekend classes and like I said they're all over town so this bottom one can be nearby you So no longer do you have an excuse to stay that did end job? But your new career is just at one phone call away jump on the fast train today call 1 8 6 6 fast train or check them out on the web at fast train.com This is put when you're five six Yeah Tonight on BBS we bang that broadcast service Babu Alvila shows you how to make the most of your legal little existence and enjoy your new time liberation on this All 10 tonight Babu shows everyone how to expand living area when just plan to spend a weekend Addic it guessed area can be a tip of project and cost very little there are posters of Saddam lying around all over the place and it can this is perfect to build in add-on with a little Imagination is some declaration it can be fun for the whole family. This all 10 tonight on BBS Don't miss it look I love to paint goofy glasses on Saddam space 11 17 at 5 60 WQ and I think on the first day back after vacations like maybe an hour would be good maybe an hour and a half Weed into it slowly. Yeah, this kind of like easy way back in and you notice the tremendous response We've gotten since I now said we're going back to 10 into one to show the phenomenal of the phone is it happened off the hook You notice that you should see the fact machine Here's for Lauderdale hello Fort Lauderdale Is gone okay, so that leaves us with one call on the board here's Miami hello Okay, sir, I'm listening to the show for the past Oh, I've been listening to show for a while now, but for the past two weeks you guys have been talking a lot a lot about movies And actually rented one of the movies you guys have been talking of The TV I know you have the theme music around there and it's I gotta tell you the first time I ever see it And it's gotta be the most powerful my first into my life right and And I swear to God I haven't not seen this as the powerful folks is the first time I ever saw David Fried Ryan and action felt what it could be like to be in a war and you know, it's just a movie But just a story and the way the film making was Darren or an off-key was incredible yeah, that's a brilliant film and I recommend that everybody out there You gotta see at least one seven understand what drugs can do to a person right and I mean I love smoking weed But I will never do the needle and that movie shows why you should never do that bad purple marks man Yeah, but I gotta tell you that movie was off Actually, I feel like while I would redeem myself now. Thanks a lot, honey Yes You wouldn't run your Oscar, but she won all kinds of other awards for it Right, yeah, because I mean she should have won that right out the bat. Yeah, she's great I have never seen such a powerful performance You see in the first movie she she won Oscar for but this movie was incredible and I mean if you have any other movies that are kind of like that I mean I would love to hear from them because I'm into I'm into films and this film was amazing Did you see happiness? No, you gotta see that Good film excellent you're psychic All right man, okay, thank you very much. Thanks lady. I like seven. What's talk to you about psychic about psychic about how about psychics about About Jonathan Edwards About happiness. Okay, let's get some happiness here You're right doing that for more than like five minutes definitely for a straight and that was a mistake Here's that lady in Miami. Here's a miss miss happiness. How are you? Good how are you great? Well, I wanted to first of all let you know that you do have female listeners even though many don't call it And I wanted to thank you for recommending happiness I rented it this weekend and Haven't finished watching it too long, but it's quite a movie you haven't finished watching you Yeah, I know that the last scene is supposed to be the best Oh my far yeah, so I will see that tonight and I guess I'll call you back. I'm let you know But I wanted to thank you for the recommendation because it's excellent well, let's do a part two that we had to check find Yeah, thanks a lot. Yeah, welcome. Thank you See there you go now we can find the get in some nice people out there saying thank you. Thank you Where I mean it's not typical in South Florida most people write us say something else in front of the ub side. Thank Huh, yeah as an F you you know, that's a South Florida F in way I thought you were gonna say plus you In a plus you my child. I don't think so damn you maybe damn you F you See you next time things like that right now we're getting nice people Appreciate the fact that we spent all of that time which I thought was quite a lot, but I thought it was productive What's in good movies in fact I got a pretty nice library now I got me a nice shelf any other room in my living room And I'm making like a little collection in there. I got a pretty good library going what's the one I haven't seen yeah ravaged Is that a Glenn Gary Glenn Ross and I want that one too But also for that guy that called before the game with Michael Douglas, I don't care what anybody says that is one of the all-time top 20 anyway It's great You don't think so no the first way 567 let's talk movies again. What do you say oh? At least we have a lot of calls on those days. Yeah, I think we'll just do it under the Neo Rogers movie show. What do you say sure? Not a whole not another gene says school's dead Yeah, that's I mean gene Cisco first in Linda Thornton now. Yeah I mean I'm not gonna go on a year and say well, what couldn't it have been like you know Roger eberton Tom jicker Because that would be a bad thing to say I don't wish anybody you know, but I will say it I couldn't have been Roger eberton Tom jicker 567056 he just a little joke Tom okay don't get all been out of shape don't take yourself too seriously You're just a little bald headed geek okay who's you know Who works for a marginal newspaper who has no clue what's going on in local market and is obviously got a big bug up his ass too I don't lately which I'm delighted. I feel like I accomplished something there too Let's play that music from recommend for a dream from we'll play a wall the wall the whole show every day Until we go back to tend to tomorrow Not one call about going back to tend to to all these people complaining bitching If I can else something I think let's change the pool. That'll get Erica he'll get all whipped up into a frenzy You're probably spill at those blueberry pancakes right under was a nice brand new carpeting When you all just see that No, I would like to say I'm paid money to see that See just spill over a whole bunch of like orange juice and blueberries on a floor anyway a 239 votes in it like this pool What place did you visit or live in that you once love but now dislike the most 117 same I mean it's almost half of the responses that's 48.9 percent New York 38 or land of 23 the Troy has got 20 Told you the homies 12 floor to keys nine. I'm sure that I'm eight Vegas six can cool and four and Baltimore three out of 242 votes. Okay. Let's do a new pool What's your take Got it got it what's your take On Neil going back to tend to to Huh little programming pool those are the kinds of love Tended to question mark Love it Okay, it's okay Hate it No difference I listen you know we got that crowd, you know one of the whatever suck really hard. Yeah, no difference Listen anywhere Alice regardless how do we want to say that whatever I'll listen whatever okay whatever What's your take I need a roll back to tend to to love it. It's okay. I hate it no difference. I'll listen whatever If he's on a 3 30 in a morning until 3 45 that sounds good to me Wouldn't interfere with my daytime life so much huh 3 30 to 3 45 in a morning Why sure when I want to have to be an old fart getting up 233 or clock in a morning oops Can I sit well now what do you laugh in a bomb? Oh, I thought of a joke I never heard before yeah, right Tell a judge Here's a call from Davy hello Hey, Neil how you doing great sensational wonderful hey I heard a rumor that The shopping center where Armadillo and Peaculoc is in has been sold and they're gonna talk all this folks out Yeah, yeah, that true Not that I know oh Yeah, but for me into the love it Okay, thanks They say John love it Uh-huh By the way nice job there. I'm telling us about Kusey is dead and Sodom is dead and what's the other brother Kusey and Kusey? Pusey Kusey and Pusey their dead and all of a sudden nice going live at you jackass And that you know they're trying to like outdo Fox news. Of course. It's cheap channel same difference Same difference we got a great story on our website today along with many others Maybe even aply and versus democracy which we already had on their corned of beaner boy, but it's well worth having on again Yes, we're gonna meet huh? I said yes a Quit sucking around oh Six 18 count may have been used for dog food. I better we this dog boy Huh? No, I'm serious because they're like you know I'm a dog lover We got a lot of dog people out there and I want to caution them and then of course you go to China and they'll serve you that dog and then you get Part of the Canadian cow that recently tested positive for mad cow disease May have been used to make dry dog food that was shipped to the US US FDA said on Monday yesterday Oh, I guess our way getting even with those Americans on will teach him a thing or two We can't get even with the people we're getting more near dogs. This is bad While there's been no scientific evidence so far the dogs can contract the disease or spread it to humans The FDA Notified pet pancreas international a carsten state Nevada when the agency learned from the Canadian government that pet Pantry had received food that may have included material from the cow God The suspect dog food was made by champion pet food of Moranville Alberta between February 4th and March 12th 2003 The Canadian government prevented the cow being processed for human food consumers can be assured that their food doesn't contain any remnants of the VSE Positive cow and FDA statement said as a prudent measure to help assure that the US remains free of the brain wasting disease known as Vovine Spongiform and cephalopathy Did I say that right now you do you'll clean it up and cephalopathy Pet pancreas asking customers to hold out of these suspected foods so they will not mistaken be mixed into Calar other feeds the pet pancreas products were packed in 50 pond bags Distributed to franchise around the US and sold by a home delivery only the FDA statement said There was no retail distribution The products included I'm wouldn't listen to this all you dog people out there to products included maintenance diet Labeled with a use by data February 17, 2004 and beef with barley with the data March 50, 2004 Consumers are asked not to destroy a described a product themselves as the FDA's working with pet pancreas to ensure Proper disposal got it got it Maintenance diet labeled with a use by data February 17, 2004 and beef with barley with the date of March 5, 2004. Don't give it to your dogs Unless of course your anxious to get rid of Or if tiny was just around now, you know That's terrible that was a bad thing to say that would be like saying who died? You know that she just really frosted my ass that broad, you know, just me on 27 past the hour speaking of pizza law for you better go there and buy a lot of food because if they're gonna Show all those people out. I don't believe that for men of view. No, when we've heard about that. Yes Anyway, don't worry because it's the pizza law plaza how they're gonna kick Jeff out. They're not gonna do that right Beyond peer one imports there on university drive in Davy. You'll find the world famous pizza law It just keeps getting better and better all the time and that's why people keep coming back more and more with the whole of the got some ish Boughha because you can't beat it the price is just amazingly low the portions are big and gigantic Generally enough for two people and the food is fresh and delicious all your Italian favorites waiting for it the pizza law Which they've been doing for one 20 years some years now? About 30 long time Chicken and field dishes seafood calzone super subs three different kinds of great delicious pizza the best garlic rolls You've ever had in your life. I guarantee you just dripping with garlic It'll be all over your fingers in the garlic too And they have take out and live away in for you and catering for as little as five bucks per person for any kind of A party or a fair call nine five four nine one six eighty eight eighty nine five four nine one six eighty eight Eight eighty and don't forget now in plantation in the second pizza law location are they still in business? I mean they're on a huh? They're doing great Jeff says that's what Jeff says they are doing great. They're kicking ass because out there by me in West Broward We have a dorth a lack of fine places like this It's a little hard to find because it you can't see it from the street but it's right behind Walgreens Everybody knows Walgreens in a corner of Navhill and sunrise and a little shop is strip shopping Senator the same delicious food the same low prices in the same big smile on the post with friendly service For take out delivery and catering in the plantation call nine five four three eight two nineteen ninety nine Three eight two nineteen ninety nine and Jeff Cohen says like it or not he ain't going anywhere When I better Radio five six That man's a freaking William Shappins recording Of Lucy in the sky with diamonds was voted the worst beetles cover of all time and now the fat former Captain Kirk as a whole See the of fat poor covers. It's Shattner warp spedle Fanny you can drive my Wolf's feet with the suit you know Going to be a stop I hear they might bring back to jail and maybe I love you pick up a copy of Shattner works the beetles and set your CD player on stun with this cover of Don't let me down Don't let me down Like lies like calm double they stop advertising I'll get you fry slime You need to call rescue nine one one. I'm with you. You can explore the galaxy and never find a collection of beetles Performed as poorly as only William Shatter can it's Shattner warps the beetles when I find myself in times of Financial trouble I just appeared at Star Trek conventions and they tend grand just for checking in for the bucket people face cakes But then again they are my It's the beetles cover album that boldly goes where no beetles cover album has gone before Unless you count those clapping versions Leonard Neymoy did it's Shattner warps the beetles 1133 F F i 60 W to Q a and the best part of it is I you won't believe it, but I do not I don't listen right I had a time in other Is that not cute enough like a spot? I just put it back to the beginning and let it run That's not man that's for real on the radio Overly soon is gonna I don't want to sit. Fine man. A little piece of the puzzle. Oh, here's a guess from Jeff and Lake worth 6 to 10 breakfast with B no Yeah, at least it won't be farting all day anyway 10 to noon vest of the poly man now we're talking the dog show with a mad dog and big dog noon to two moan a crow to the six D4 live from 11 worth 6 to 10 the best of the beast 10 to two and the reruns as Steve came morning show to the sick I still on our Jeff Here's the facts from Somebody from Dr. John Would you please spread the word about this town hall meeting in Miami that addresses many issues related to voting and lecture before the meeting is tonight An election reform town hall meeting of a place needs to go to reform school. It's Miami Wouldn't hurt to send what's your name to my room elephant from Broward It says you should know how to select a new supervisor elections and reorganization of the elections of promo effect the conduct of every election Miami date county let us in Oh You should know how county and state governments are complying and not complying with federal help America Vodac Have a and how haveable effect is all in a voting process. I think they are having us You should know how your tax dollars have been spent on elections and what is happening with the voting machines in date county You should know how to join the I count campaign to make sure that every voice and every vote counts the meeting is today Tuesday the 27th How come it doesn't say we're on the meeting room of the K live center 6 30 night at 54 of the Northwest 22nd Avenue Miami. You're gonna be there. Oh no speakers Jimmy Morales of the date county commission leader Rodriguez Tassel of the ACLU and a bunch of other people Go in if you want more information about this meeting tonight You can call Cheryl Roberts from the date election reform coalition at 305 5 7 6 23 37 extension 17 They'll never get this maybe we got to put this on a website you think okay Sure Roberts 305 5 7 6 23 37 extensions 17 and I'm not gonna get all that information or Martha Mahoney coordinator of the town hall meeting call 305 28458 69 639 at the Caleb center in the meeting room. Okay. I'm just passing that along because Dr. John asked me to do what he sucked around pretty heavy on the facts to You want like that. I said okay sure I'll respond. Okay. Yeah, that's what I said. That's why I was there. Are you sure? 5 6 7 0 5 60. How's the early returns on this thing? What's your take? I need a roll back to 10 to two 34 votes. I'm telling you man. We have nobody listening You do understand that don't you what I don't want you to take it personal it must be because of the holidays Maybe anybody's bailed out. Huh? No, it's got to be that there's the because how many years? We've been doing these polls about 400 and Just to see the way these are dribbling and drabner What's your take on your roll back 10 to two? I'll listen whatever 20 that's that crowd again We appreciate though. Yeah, you know 50% of the audience will do whatever we say I love it 14. I hated three and it's okay. Okay, too Okay, okay, okay Okay Here's the call from Fort Lauderdale hello. Hello. Yes, sir Requiem for a dream absolutely blew me away. It was on the Internet film channel the other day Right and I wouldn't know if I was to scroll through the I got the addition I'm scrolling through my Program guy there and I saw it because I remember you talking about the other day Right, what a monster of a movie. Yes, it is Drugster Cowboys no Very good movie to not tell us Drugstour Cowboys my god. I'm gonna go on good today That's a long the same lines and Trying to flank here We keep rock What Mickey work Yeah, have you seen that no New Okay, okay, I got it down and Thanks, baling you got it okay. I've got a lot of friends there on the police force here that In confidentiality have told me how much of it has sold princess He sure looks like one let's see drugstour Cowboys what was the other one barfly right? Okay, I got my list now. I'm back to this again She I thought I'd save a few bucks after blowing all that money in Amsterdam What is it just a totally wasted trip? That's okay a lot of people go to Amsterdam to get wasted so I guess it fit right in 39 votes on the thing here. There's something strange going on. I don't know if it feels like Are we on a year today or is this a joke is this like an April fool joke? Scott of me 55 votes like I said what should take any of the old back tended to I'll listen whatever 24 I love it 23 it's okay five I hate it three okay now we're starting to get a little late land there all right? Start to get a little bit more uh there's nothing better than a guy that just Farts and purfs there you go. That's what I always say Our kind of guy for rail on the radio Now maybe the audience don't like for rail on a radio. Maybe that'll be tomorrow's pool. I took a poll And what do they say have the people hadn't heard him and then of the half who did two to one like them as opposed to not Right well, that's not too bad not fine and sure is how beats mo Nothing I mean I should probably drag him in here in comparison should I? But I mean sure is how beats the response we get about the mole myster Here's West Palm Beach hello Hi Neil yes sir. I've been listening to you for a long time and lately I've been spending too much time in the car Which means I've been hearing you a lot. I just want to say I want to thank you just so consistent Family illness was what was in the car and I just want to tell you I appreciate good radio I I disagree with you is often as I agree with you that you're never born me And I just want to say thank and thank you You welcome it if I could just ask the question do you have a favorite bit out of the many that you play? I Think I like to build cigar is Monica's a vagina. That's one of my favorites. Yeah. That might be right Okay, well thanks again. I appreciate your radio. Okay. Thanks in good luck See there's a nice people on south board and I don't hold a lot of them we heard from three at least today Well, I'm most of the people that they were pretty good right right so what do you mean? I think we're getting a whole lot of calls, but there's just nobody in town right now or maybe George George Chase what beiner boy told me you're this morning Went to take a crappy said you chase dude, but he went right always just suffer Reverend Jones know you don't you don't chase them all away I mean most of them yes, but not all of them 69 votes and I did not make that number up Yeah, I was gonna cue is by these assholes. Oh, he just wanted to say 60 I can say 69 all I want How do you like that? I can't say much of anything else anymore with as much of patience We got wearing the country now, but I can say 69. How do you like that? What's your day with fact when did the mission get to take you what your did take office? 69 right Let's see your take I need to go back to 10 to 2. I love at 31. I'll listen whatever 30 that's good It's okay five and I hated only three well there there you go Oh, excellent programming will boys at least that part we let over the bag I mean why not let that out? See in a reason I'm letting it out is because I don't want to give them an opportunity to say oh well I didn't work now. We're going 10 to two That would be like the old CTs you know what I'm saying I can't say that word the old clock T's That was with an L I say no that and that's that's what that would be like you can't you can't do that It's like when somebody comes in they give you like a piece of a story Ernie you know who's famous for that that little fat third burger is the beast Oh, if I can only tag if I can only tell you what mo was says about it You remember those days before it more finally busted his fat ass off of that morning show Nice going Lord that's the one thing I grew with a mom and I'd beast that kid is just real trouble He is just trouble looking for a place to sit and squat 1141 19 till noon at five 60 boys at only 19 till noon. I feel like I've been here for like months I'm not talking days. I'm not talking weeks. I'm talking months But that's how it is after you've been on a really swift swift the with the nifty vacation Man did Amsterdam suck don't go there. I'm telling you if you ever believe anything I told you I'm begging you don't go there I'll let you know when the when they have the green light We know they got the red light district when they have the green light when it's safe to go back when there's some of their Human owl let's you know Maybe a Peter will tell us my good close personal friend Peter landlord a Peter 18 till noon at Qm the Neil deals keep on rolling From family and in Joe Prieto and Halipadi at GMC as always here's Neil deal number one waiting for you right now Here to sell zero percent financing for 60 months on every 2003 Potiac or GMC and stock Neil deal number two get yourself up to a $4,000 Revit on every 2003 GMC and Potiac and stock that is correct get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 car truck and stock attention current and former military personnel get yourself an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Halip right now and here's a Neil end of the month deal Tom and Joe will take an additional 500 bucks off on some of the Pontiac and GMC's Most popular models but act quick because this Neil deal is only good through the end of the month Which is of what they said 28th is a win the Friday Friday True Friday and of course how that is always just got a great selection of dependable pre-owned Carstrochness UVs and as far as credit is concerned this is the truth This isn't some kind of an advertising slogan if they give you a run around and your credit isn't good enough For the other guys it'll be good enough for how it'll cut you deal somehow Halip Potiac GMC there are 134 on South Dixie Highway that's US one across from the falls open every day seven days a week If you want more info on the Neil deals call the Neil deal hotline at one triple eight 53442 11 that's one triple eight five three four forty two 11 and don't forget all Neil deals Assimited credit approval see meter four details and Halip Potiac GMC and don't forget they definitely be professional Great Yes, oh Coming up on the next plan date. Hi. I'm Roger Lodge Let's take a sneak peek at Eugene and Edna's unhavenful unexciting bland day Waiter will have few slices of white bread in a couple glasses of water, please. Oh no lights in my please I could tell you like departing Wow Things are about to heat up when our encipit couple hops in the cab on their way to give each other massages at the sexy spa I'm glad I brought my bunning when in it from massage I can't wait oh look measure golf. Let's go there instead Whoa, you're pressing all my buttons tonight sister Driver follow that wing Oh, but now the moment of truth will Edna and Eugene say good night or will they get that party started? Hey, would you like to come inside for a drinking pool at a little fun and game? I don't know I've got hot old routine and travel Wow take me big boy Wow we're bad that's tonight on an all new plan date Lund 46 14 till noon at 5.60. Do you ever do QM? I'll tell you look at this we got one call on the board Here's Miami. Hello, any up. Yes, sir. Have you seen a 20-fifth hour? No It was Edna ordained a very pepper it's made by Spike Lee's and he was when it came out on DVD like this Tuesday Yeah, it's a pretty pop pop from movie about a about a he's a drug dealer and you got cop for a drug Then he's going to jail for seven years and he basically had one day to spend with his family and friends And you'll see what happens. I can't tell you what happened in the story, but it's it's very powerful. It's very good 25 hours 25 hour oh 25th hour, okay? Yeah, and about your time slot. It's bad for me because I'm going to work I won but I guess it's good for you. You can have to see Mo at all. Very good point. So there you go. Okay, thanks pal I haven't thank thanks, lad Now why would I not see Mo? I unless there was some kind of a buffer ring there in between you know saying I'm not that I'm trying to like drop any hints or anything at all. I'm just making suggestion You follow what I'm saying no, that's right you don't follow what I'm saying because you better show up You're already quit enough problems already five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line We're going back to tend to too soon very soon it's imminent 100 votes even what's your key and that's already a what 70 more than we hit on the first Well, 107 what's your take I need a little back to the two I'll listen whatever 48 that's so 45% I love it 46 it's okay 10 I hated only three Here's a thought this is a tag you want me to read the tag from Brandy shoes now Wow Yeah, we had quite a time with our fax machine and the usual technical stuff and then we got fix it to come in today Oh, we finally got an engineering ad join Out that company really wants to save some money this and a George Corsa went along fishing tripping it is has out of there and cut off his paycheck cut off his water And we got two shons were both chronic facts who shot in cruel spring says if you're going back to tend to too I think it's great, but if there's a new line up at WQM what's going to happen with all those billboards that the station for Took forever to put up how long's it going to take to correct them? Well first of all it's already the end of me and I can't imagine that they're going to spend a big bucks to keep those things up there all along Plus we got this spy report on a one on Griffin road by the turnpike there or is it on the wherever ever to hell it is Turnpike Griffin road That most billboard has vanished is the rumor we're here and okay. Yeah, what's for an responsible for right? I went turn to the round He's still making trouble the moment I know it's just your nature man. I can stop here's the other Sean and Hollywood who's a beyond chronic facts You say as welcome back don't believe the crap George is show was just fine Your one listener hit it on the road now. What does that mean my one listener oh he means I guess the one who said it Sean believe me that's the way it feels like today. I'll tell you it's been a bitch Your one listener hit it on the head with Ken Koon judging by the client tell the last time I was there that can save on paint and drop the first syllable. I wonder what he meant by that He also says Atlantic City was great in the 70s would scattered ass as far as the eye can see in a drinking age of 18 Now anything outside of crap table at bales is an unflustered commode Just like the one in Al Goldstein's apartment now I flushed it out don't don't get panic. I flushed it Scattered ass as far as the eye can see that sounds like cologne Germany Seriously, there's one place that I would like you to do both both of you guys to go see before you cropped It's cologne Germany beer at back I'm serious I love to go to Germany. It is the most astonishing place. I don't know what the population is there You know I don't know maybe a couple hundred thousand it's not like a huge city But you it's like two and a half hours from Amsterdam on the train and you get off the train station Which is just a magnificent beautiful place with all these great restaurants and of course all that brought worst man I love my German sausage Yeah, I've heard But Seriously and Then you go out and I have the big churches right next to the train station every every city of any size more than 10 people in Europe I've got like a big church, you know the dual the day the dumb the dumb oh, and they're the dual mode the dumb That whatever they call and it's right next to the train station Big ol' as church and you walk up past there. It is it's a big asshole church man And you walk past the big asshole church and there's Jorge Strossa which is like the like a walking street like a Lincoln road Moll only much much longer and much bigger and more a much more impressive Jorge Strossa Jorge Strossa yeah And you just saw to roll on there and of course there are all these side streets often both directions that You know Have all kinds of shops and need in it these stuff now even saw in in the train in the train station I had a good diver chocolate shop To show you how upscale everything is hey go up those check it pants. Yeah, I did not wear my checkered pants and cologne because the and then the people there are dressed so You know really upscale and The young people male and female you'll be pleased to know are also beautiful that you think what what is going on here? Seriously We'll clean cut and Well dressed and just I don't know how to describe it. You just beautiful people maybe they are the master race They were right and they'll see they're I knew he'd start again And then you get on the train and you go back to Amsterdam and you think oh holy crap. What's this to have in here? How can a place that's so close on a map? He's so smart me and oh Man filthy and now I'm telling you Forget about Amsterdam cross it off your list forever. It's a biggest favor. I'll ever do you people out there Okay, I'll ever do you Here's the call from Fort Lauderdale hello Fort Lauderdale gone That kind of a day folks they're busy. Excuse me, but you are very busy. Here's a mature hello Anya welcome back thanks Sean was right It's pretty good where you were going in Tommy John was like on it. They the Tommy John game it Yeah Okay, one movie not to see okay Empire John the Glamo please please please Okay, I'll tell you what I'll watch that in the next time I go back to Amsterdam Thanks That's a lot of power. Huh that's who that's who that's who is a go back to Amsterdam. I'll watch Empire 567 0560 pound 560 on a AT and T and Verizon world of slime the big topic today in Canada here is the Decriminalization of marriage we need the loudest and most persistent voices denouncing Canada's pot laws This carawese with the story of a lawyer with the concept. Oh, yeah, well, we know about them We know about those lawyers with the cause knowing five six seven 0560 here's a call from plantation hello Hey, how's it going pretty good good seems like the hot topic right now is immigration Especially over Mexico if you recall though about Four or five years ago Yeah, you can't you can and came on and made a statement they wish we should build like a dentist to me this sounds like Dennis And uh, I Anacitor something when I put in your ass on here you moron See I may have been away for a few days, but I haven't lost it Putting Dennis on the air to talk to me about immigration She's trying to change the topic about the priest that jumped off the hotel balcony committed suicide the pedophile priest trying to change the topic I mean I wonder where to hello what feel that came out of it wasn't let field either I think it was the burning fields. We were talking about Mexican immigration all day long Oh sure that seems to me the hot topic again. Yeah, thanks a lot Dennis. I still say get some help. Okay. We get your package deal you and Greg 567 0560 palm 560 on the 8 and you notice when I said is this this is Dennis He just kept following right along you know hey You're not gonna interrupt his agenda Here's for it here. Hello Yeah, yes, sir I heard a story where they're gonna start doing something about the red light runners You're in promers. They got cops dressed up as homeless people and they radio down the road. What do you think about that? About the red light one the red light runners. Oh, but they have the cops under cover as homeless people and they radio down the road to flag That's that's sick. Is that sick? Yeah, this is I mean I hate those red light runners, but that's not the way to do long Why did you have a cop stand there so then we won't run the light you know Well big brother will be watching us all anyway pretty soon, so they'll not go. It's good job The best part was to get out the oldest phone. I'm everybody called Gilbert good excellent. I love it. I'm Gilbert to do Spag. Okay. Thanks, buddy. Thanks a lot We really did that. Yeah, yeah, well we've done it before, but it can't hurt. Don't it Mike? Wow, yeah, we know Very very sad. I'll tell you the first the first test I wonder a person has any clue how to do a talk show if you hear somebody that's talking of the same people every day And you know a certain one mentioned a name's but you know right off the bat You're dealing with somebody has no idea How to do a talk show I'd rather have my teeth drilled Well, it's just I mean anybody knows that that's the the death now I'm infected. Yeah, like it like I said like a death now like SARS like walking SARS Formanus till noon at five sixty WM the mad dog the angry puppy at one Where it needed well the water on WQAM The cinematography incredible then there's the plot You see machines have taken over the world and we're all enslaved by the matrix except the guy from the bill and Ted's excellent Adventure will be in the guy who played I turn it so what's really happening isn't happening at all, but it is, but it's not Now they're free, but are they really free? Everybody wants in a while is not so free so much they weren't black leather Our business and glasses need to freaky sick kung fu tricks agent Smith who died in the first movie is back But now we can copy and paste himself in and out of the matrix Kind of like a really fancy word perfect program plus the chick who plays Trinity is all tricked up good and you can see your butt Our past okay, it's 159 coming up on a big you know what is gonna really be great? What we can dig up a lot of that old Oh, yeah, you just hate people that use snappy albanners for their show segments like that one to two hour It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon And then and the rest Okay, we're back. This is really a spastic day, you know, I never I in a long time since I've seen something like this Here's a call from for Lauderdale. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing man? Great. Welcome back You know every time you get back you always sound like you got your soul back at least for a little while Then you take then you get burn out again and you take off so I mean I'm glad you're doing that because I Have no doubt it's extended your time on the radio Yeah, my life a lost your mind Pop The reason I'm calling is I wasn't really gonna call but you judge my memory this morning about the you're going hair on your Testies Yes, sir. I had had that before But the other thing I wanted to tell you about it. You get a kick of it. It's such a so anti on circumsize Was a few years ago, you know, I was at the beach a lot during the summer and I was expecting myself down there and I was like this little lump just passed You know the you know the head party, you know And I'm thinking Jesus I need to go to doctor or I do and I'm a circumsize You know and Anyway, I did a little like Got pulled it back as far as I could actually went back farther and a little pebble like a Shell or some kind of tuple has had gotten inside there and worked this way down So I mean I thought about that. What a great reason to have force gonna great place to save your a sand pebbles Is he show I Completely forgot about that. Please talk to about you know your incident I call it my second wallet It's great It's a it's a damn myth about the cheese. I mean, let's show some bag of something You're a dirty bastard. No, no 30 30 No, yes I'll let you guys fight it out. You know I pay away in the world so I've seen it all, you know, yeah, I mean I just want to throw us now I just want to throw in my anti-bush comedy end here Guys, the guys and idiot. I mean you read these things on your website and even on and other websites Just this this because hold the meaner You can see the body line. It's the guys complete. He's a not as young moron, but he's a swaggering Also overconfident one he's the double D guy dumb. I'm not just It's right. He's people that get into vilify for speaking right you know my name is Joe Lenzata I live in Fort Waterdale no push is an asshole Right, okay, if you vote for Bush, I think you have this place asshole Ideas I'm not afraid to say it. That's it's a America man. Did I snow in your Joe? Okay, well be here from Joe no more But it sure has been nice and all of them he had some big peer even with his sand pebble in it Here's another facts from Jupiter says with a new lineup change a minute It's good to see the WCM is making a real commitment to quality entertainment broadcast in new lineup 6 to 10 a.m transmitter maintenance tended to two to four mad dog 4 to 7 Hank Will there be a problem selling spots on new 6 to 10 show? Probably about the same rate they're getting now You realize how close this facts is to the actual lineup. Yeah, I know wow This is scary. I think this was an inside job and newness coming gone by the way. Moth your time is up Did anybody come in him or clearance to give you like a thumbs-up thumbs down? You be any directive? No, well, that's bad Because I'm just itching to you know give a little or something out there. We gave at least a 10 to two for this show, which Yeah, that's that's my favorite thing on a show, too, when you say sure what about 30 man That's my favorite thing out of show Anyway, does this we have a basic window calls and it's just the spance of Danish people It's you know holidays George is part of the audience the way there were a lot of time there all my down stood on Maybe there was like some major news thing we didn't know about maybe the thought police came and took most of our lives Today I beg your pardon tapes on yesterday. Yeah, I heard about the 10 seconds of that We had tapes and I just heard bits that's who we had a best of tape on yesterday That's what I was told to play oh But I I couldn't take anymore than like maybe half an hour of that and I mean you were talking about the penny sales tax and Oh no, I couldn't take it. Why do you go about the penny sales tax? You know something tough you and clearance between the two of you wither without the tenda two between the two of you Brains were dangerous are programming people be the safest people in America That's my fault. I didn't tell him which tape to play forget the whole open Cuba. That's what they want here. Oh Oh, that'd be better. Yeah, okay frog and Christ man A best of tape with the penny sales tax. That's only from two summers ago or three whatever it is Here's our pool so far. What's your take on Neil going back? See here. I'm all whipped up and enthusiastic about the stuff that's going on and I come in here today And the responses been a minimum of that. I just did number one and number two I'm here in all of this crap like what went on yesterday Why would just put up new billboards and say don't listen to us. Please go away Okay, we got it with the audience is getting too big the handle it gets on wheeled he went to get said big speak to that the trend coming out later this week Really I asked him off mice during when he called me breathlessly yesterday Jeff got off this instant and he said I think it's Thursday. He didn't know his answer. He's elbow. You know as usual You know what they'll he was talking about 151 votes. What's your take on Neil's going back to tenda two? I love it 67. I'll listen whatever 67. It's okay 11 and I hate it six They hate it Here's that editorial from May 25 New York Times past a butter please I think a lot of people owe an apology to Dr. Bob posthumously Postymously I don't know that asshole will be calling back just youlessly Dr. Robert Atkins the guy guru who died last month from head injury suffered in a fall would have enjoyed reading last week's issue of the new wind journal of medicine It carried two independent studies that enhanced the credibility of his controversial low carbohydrate high fat high protein approach to weight loss Though the Atkins died has been reviled by the medical establishment for decades is a bit wacky and even potentially dangerous The two new studies in the third published last month suggested that actually works better than standard low-fat diets in the short term without any Detectable signs of harm it was a starly reminder of how little the experts know in the so-be city plagued nation about the best way to lose weight and keep it off a man For the past several decades the prevailing dietary dog was been that a fat laden died is bad for you driving up weight and clogging arteries With substances that can endanger the heart going against the grain was that against the greens Dr. Rack and said the real culbert was carbohydrates. It was just fine. We'd all the stick eggs and butter that we were in for as long as we cut down on the carbs Unfortunately there was scant scientific evidence to support his claims now however Three controlled clinical trials and small numbers of patients have elevated the Atkins approach at least when pursued for six months Once that he of 63 moderately obese subjects put on half put half on a conventional low-fat diet and half on the Atkins plan The Atkins died his lost more weight than the comparison group and surprisingly had healthier blood fat levels fewer dangerous trackless rides and more good cholesterol The only trouble is neither dad worked all that well given the group's excessive weight averaging 216 pounds of the start Those on the Atkins that lost an average of 15 pounds by the end of six months and those on the conventional that lost seven By the end of the year however each group had gained some of the weight back with the Atkins group leading the way Worcried people dropped out of both diets and droves the sad truth is no matter what diet people go on They have a hard time sticking to it. It's enough to drive us back to the drinking man's diet Says the New York Times. They're at a tour. I'll of course with what's been going out of the time There's probably due to the drinking man's diet anyway What do you think oh what I would think? Poor doctor Bobby's dead and buried now and finally they're saying you know what you were right? Oh two late. Yeah, we like to apologize. Oh two late. It's like Galileo and a Copernal. Yeah, we're sorry Galileo and Copernal because you guys were right. We were all two late Our bottom pile of crock man as somebody in the one said pile of crock 567 05 60 palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. We're gonna have to go back to movies again, man. That's it Do I think these bastards can talk about anymore? Here's Miami. Hello Miami, Buenos dias. Yeah, sir. How you doing? Good Neil Rogers the true patriot because peace is patriotic. I want to talk about the lineup for Ellen the morning Neil Man's a tank Steve Goldstein becomes the chief fill in replacing the big zero and most sticks to dolphin games Well, you got a good part of it. You got chunks. You got chunks. Yeah, chunks. I didn't get it all no Still love you, Neil. Okay. Thanks, Pally He's got he's a pretty he's right around the edges of it. Huh? I think one more day won't kill them Well, what do we want more day? Well, make you think we're gonna get oh No, seriously, what makes you think that we're gonna be able to announce it tomorrow nothing just because it's gonna happen on Thursday I mean because it might happen as soon as Thursday I'm not gonna like blur it a bunch of stuff out on here. That would be banned get them all been out of shape Which it's their own fault? See, that's not the way you do things in a business. You do things in a certain kind of a way But they know how to do it that way and they give you kind of like see if somebody says to me Absolutely positively. I like kind of Lisa for example, okay? If we we were to play that again right now Should all be fired right Correct sir Because that's a management victim that comes from corporate that's the that's the image that's just it's been the laws been laid down And when you put something in those terms in the draw to line in the sand that's fine But here it's always oh, we'll have some fun and bye bye Don't be too specific. You know, I like you know, well, what is that? You know, it's like sitting down and taking half a dump. You know, and leave a couple of Big hangar there. You can't do that. Yeah, you know, I like walk around. Yeah, I pulled your pants up I mean I've heard that surfing expression hang 10, but that's just a little a little bit too much right down to the back of your kneecap I would think That would be really bad good thing Carlos has an eating right now. Oh Yeah Wow, who cares? I'm sure won't be the first Paul he dug into I'll guarantee that well, I mean a guy that doesn't like chocolate. All the other good food We've talked about on this program his taste is in his toish. What do you think? Somebody's dumpster diver 567.0560 at least we're having a good time anyway. They all didn't seem to be a little bit of a outsource, but that's okay too bad And you know what they're bothered by what the fact is we know something and they don't oh Always disturbs them greatly Yeah, we do and we like to send them back believe me. It's 11 past noon at 560 W to kill us I had talking about losing weight only moments ago. It seems to me. I think I was balanced for life might be the answer for you. You people are to try the drinking man's diet and the Great fruit diet and the auntians and all of this and maybe those haven't done it for you Well balance for life is easy because you don't have to count calories or carbohydrates You don't have to go to the store and go shopping and try to figure out what to buy what you can eat No cleaning no cooking no nothing All you have to do is open your little black sack. They deliver right to you door by 6 o'clock every morning and inside your sack Is the all your food for the entire day three delicious fresh gourmet meals two delicious snacks. They're all right in there And we'll keep you full all through the entire day. You won't be starving. No little tiny parrot like portions with balance for life No carbot no Refine carbs to speak of and of course no crap either no added. There's no garbage This is the only company the let's you choose between two choices free. One of the meals and snacks. Maybe they try to program too They have it a little many of this in every week. You make your choices and there's the food every day right by your doorstep So let balance for life help you lose the weight once and for all Get you back into shape. Help you lose that disgusting dangerous weight and if you dive at a special This could be a gods in for you call balance for life at 9.5.4 5.6 8.32 29 9.5 4 5.6 8.32 29 Or for more information about their program check them out on the web at balance for life.com Here Okay You should count with no speed, no you're gonna get right now Come on baby, pull on top and no shit If you don't do anything, you don't have a clue Tell me, then do reckon, do I better buy you Don't come on, come on, pull on top and no shit's a thing You gotta call me, you're still down Come on baby, you're ready Go back All the way to your friend Love me on your chest, you're the girl of motion Come on baby, pull on top and no shit's a thing You have to realize, you can feel me in motion Come on baby, pull on top and no shit's a thing You gotta count with no high FF Hold on, you're ready, pull on top and no shit's a thing You're gonna call on, pull on top and no shit's a thing Oh, I sure don't like the way that ends, you know, like all over the place Call 16 at 5.60, little Eva's rolling over and her freshly painted grave And she just died here a short time ago Right? Poor little Eva, she wouldn't be like an ad, I guarantee you You know, the term Bohemian, a lot of people when they talk about Amsterdam They'll say, oh well, that's a real Bohemian place I'm not going to call him in really as cold for scummy Scummy is right, people don't be the ever, you know, I get a haircut Do a lot of red rice like slabs who sleep in her clothing for like days at a time Right? People with bad breath who haven't seen a toothbrush since before Jesus was a baby That's what Bohemian means And where people are so wasted, they're like staggering your amount of And it didn't use to be that way there, but that's what it is now, it blows It blows chunks, you got it Any care for Broward? Props 17 at 560 WCW 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Stay tuned for the new Neil and Farella Psychic Show Right? And anticipate exactly what he's going to say Here's North Miami, hello Hello? Yes sir How you doing? Yes, I'm calling the give a comment on the afternoon Yes sir I think I've got a great place to go for vacation for someone I'm going to go and dabble on the coffee shops for like two or three days And go visit the hiking factory Oh yeah, hiking factories real exciting Well I think that's just to go to drink a little bit and relax two or three days Partial a little bit, let's run with that You would like to ask it? Once the last time were you there Well I should have planned on going in about a month I hear so many great things about a place for good wine So sir, you're telling me you've never been there? Not never been Well don't do it You'll hate it You think just for two or three days just to go drink and go... I got news for I'd rather be in a coma for two or three days than go back to Amsterdam That's how much I hated it And I'm somebody that lived there for part two years, okay? I hated it I despise it, you'll hate it So tell me, where do you think I should go for vacation? If you want to go to Europe? Yeah Go to Berlin, go to Colone, go to Barcelona But don't go to Amsterdam How much time have you got to go on vacation anyway? Why would you want to waste what precious time you've got in a place That's a toilet Well actually I have two months off from work Aha Well like I said then you can afford a couple of days in Amsterdam Have a good time, pal. Have a great time See he wants me to tell him it's right, okay? It's great, I love it You love it Go to Rome, go to Venice, go to Ferenza, Florence, go to Milan Or even as whatever it is Go to all these other places But you know go to Copenhagen That's a fun place Clean People are dressed to look like they haven't slept in their clothing for too much I just came back two days ago Sir, I'm trying to explain to you people If places are toilet If you're in the drugs It would seem to me that you probably got a pretty good source right now Call up Sarah Goldfarb, okay? He's giving us his name's number The doctor was his name No, her son, what the was his name? Harry, Harry, he's giving you Harry's number, okay? He's got a little problem, he always has to grab the phone with that one hand But, oh man Yeah God It just ain't what it used to be man It's just like saying, well how about if I had two or three days ago to Detroit It'd be a lot of fun What would you do there? What would you do there? We said, just try to stay alive I mean, we're all the great restaurants that used to be that they're all gone They're all closed It's a grotesque pressing horrendous place That's what I'm trying to explain to you, sir It's a nasty rotten place and have a great time There's no matter what I'm going to say, he's still going to go there And then the Heineken factory, I mean, Jesus God Oh, they're giving you a free little look here to beer when you go in there Go in there, go in there, go in there, go in there, go in there People like go on tours through the Heineken factory, those people need mental help Heineken Oh, Jesus God In the meantime, yes, Wednesday, one o'clock, Trent Who cares that? That's not important, what's important is when is this auto-trip? It's getting to find out the new QAM line, if it's when it starts When do we find out when it starts? That might be nice to know, when we find out Well, that's what we want to know And Quaring minds would like to find out Who just gave you this trend crap? That's cool, him, okay? I'm going to screw him, I mean, a boriborcer wouldn't do bad Who? Five, six, seven, oh, fine, no, I'm serious, I want to know We want to like it with it, I'll rest it all this for everything It's got to be a big song to dance This has been going on for a long time now Let's just, what do they say? Fisher could beat whatever that means? Fisher masturbate, well, what is that expression? Or off the pot Right, crap, or you get the hangar out of there and get off the pot You're still obsessed with that thing about the hanger Well, we got a lot of hangar's on a QAM, especially in engineering, George Corso What's your take on the Ogoelback to 10 to 2? There's $197, that's not too bad, not too good I love it 88, I'll listen whatever, 88, 44 points is percent We like that a lot, people are easy, it's okay, 15 And I hated six only, few percent, hated And that probably has to do with their work schedule, like that one guy, you know I feel like I'm rambling now, you know, maybe I'm a little bit of a little Come here, but that's great, no, it's seriously this guy, well, you know, what's wrong Like he knows something, he's never been there And I just have been spending as much of the day as possible Warning people don't go there because it's a shadow, a shadow of what it once was How much time can you spend in the coffee shops sitting there? You know, puffin' away, stoned on your ass, I mean, some of you obviously at the rest of your life Okay, great, go have a good time, start the timer now, I'll let you know how long Okay, or come up here, it's a lot closer and a lot cheaper and a lot cleaner And a people who are actually bathed once in a while Now we do have a little, you know, a few disease problems, but Mads are not, but at least you'll be clean when they put you in a box Here's for a lot of day, hello Sometimes a few, oh, good, I know what he, I know What do you have sometimes, I feel like a few words up And we feel like we should die, what are you okay? We just took an instant poll, everybody not in, so they wish that you would die Right away, not next week, not away from circus, now Die dying, that's what they said, even a glamorous thing in that, die dying Here's Miami, hello Miami? Hi, yes, sir, you done? Good I was in a couple years ago, you're absolutely correct about that being a beautiful place I say that the dorms were there, right, on the square there Uh-huh, you noticed the, the others still have that bed And on the, on the plaza there, these beautiful street painters And I'm interested in seeing is that, did you notice the clouds The street from the dorm, right across the dorm, by the clock is, there's a McDonald's there Yes, and you know, well, they, well in the, in the train station, I'm sure you saw There's a pizza hut and I got McDonald's and Burger King, they got all the A poison that we're sporting is But the interesting thing was that I went down there with Sunday morning to get breakfast And you know, the McDonald's and the Japanese sells beer on a Sunday I'm sure that Yeah, I was surprised that the McDonald's would be selling beer In fact, I was talking to some of the Germans, they said the only Steinee, like, is, if it's, uh, a filled with beer Yeah, and the other thing for the, as if you go to the bars over there, there's a lot of Irish people Sending these bars over there Really? Yeah, right behind the dorm, the tellers of the garry Spartan, and down just by the right nail There's another big Irish bar, uh, and a lot of Irish people working in Weathering over there on Germany Aren't you amazed at how well dressed and clean cuts of people are in that city? I mean, you know, people are, you know, people are, you know, beautiful, very clean And it's a nice place to visit, it's, uh, at that guy was, uh, and Saturday I'm certain, uh, he would have much better time in court Amen, thanks a lot, Pally You're welcome, sir, sorry Yes, you, that's what I would do if I was in, but I didn't waste my time trying to go on Because he was obviously not going to listen to me anyway, like he's, he's never been there I've been there about at least a hundred times But he's the expert, I'm talking about the punk that I called before He's the expert, and I'm like a, a bozo Which I would admit to that part Jiron again on a plane, go to Amsterdam and then immediately Don't even leave the hall and speak in a train stations All central station Amsterdam, they're like redoing it So it fits in with the ambiance of the rest of the city because it's just all torn apart And it's really dumpy and frumpy, I mean, just nasty Rotestie, rotestie, just go to the counter to the train place And get you on a train to Colone, you'll be there in two and a half hours to hours and 40 minutes Oh, I should have pulled a article out about Bear Aspirin Did you see the, did you talk about that about the Bear People were selling, uh, to him a few legs There were selling a drug that they knew, uh, cost HIV, no action Those freaking experimenting on Jews Nazis Yes, now they're experimenting on third world country because they couldn't pedal the crap in the US or Europe Because we were on to them, so they were still selling the medication in third world countries And then finally they just got caught and they've been fined another, I mean, to Bear People Man, they've got more and more ways of appoising the public, just fined Well, whatever happened, I don't know, it's an ongoing thing, see what I'm saying And this is the one you're dying on third world country who's going to go sue somebody for He's going to go sue Bear Aspirin Don't you people out there by a Bear Aspirin under pedally a death, okay? I'm flushing all my alchus ulcer Right, did they make that too? Yeah, and for well, don't buy it No, anything that Bear's got to do with just a void like the plague, okay? By it, we'll be having a biz In fact, when a train came in luckily, because I guess I was facing the opposite way Luckily, I didn't get to see the big Bear Aspirin when you crossed the bridge coming into Colone Oh, God, it just crossed my fat ass when I see that Bear Aspirin We have vays Doc, yeah Yeah, Bear, in fact the sign is his bear, it's a gas 26, I keep thinking about that hanger, you know, we've got to stop that Remember what your own Crawford said, no more hanger I know Well, that's what happens when you know, strapped your kids to the bed post sooner later They got to come out somehow 27 pass noon at 5.60 WC, if your carpets look like I may be to smell not too good either, probably because you haven't had him clean at a long time Every year for the last 21 years plus, I've been using dry concepts in my home And you ought to be doing the same thing too, because nobody does it better So, whether it's your carpets, your draper, your expensive area, your rugs, your oriental rugs, your leather furniture, your poultry All of these things, these are the folks you ought to trust to dry concepts And trust your vanibles too, well, how about I just said If you have problems with pet otters and milled of otters, because by water damage, they're not really a problem Because dry concepts will work the same miracle on those and make them look and smell and feel just like brand new So you owe it to yourself and your carpets to all the professionals And dry concepts and work their magic in your home, and don't forget no rip off, no games To give you a guaranteed written price up front people for they start their magic Call them toll free and be sure and tell them that old Neil told you to call 1-800-248-5071 Just log on to their website at dryconcepts.com Don't forget with dry concepts it's true, you're clean today, you can entertain tonight We're sports radio 5-6-1 You A-M Brumman, I found this line Welcome Hey, Krayon We'll meet again if we don't want to turn From the bush cartel to the left to solve his rage We both end you, blind circle, it was our two As the bombs drop from the stars gone far away Maybe we should have paid attention a little bit more To the bats we just knew The price of Gaffers to Clung, and I'm afraid that the law won't be that long We'll meet again with our home that by the way Civil rights will be restored once on a day We'll meet again if we don't want to turn From the bush cartel to the left to solve his rage We'll meet again with our home that by the way Civil rights will be restored once on a day We'll 31 at 5-60 WCM, the mad dog coming along at one hank in the studio at 3 tomorrow He'll be at Chulas 6-30, we've got the Marlon pre-game Marlon's and the expo's via gigantic crowd Lucky in 705 at PPP Park, any K-10, Chulas Mark overnight 2-6 in a morning At least that's the schedule for today It's going to change very soon we believe Any updates on that yet? No, why not? Here's the fact that I love that you're finally going back to tend to to it's about time Absolutely correct Amen Being a boy did a good job yesterday although we did play a couple of bits more than once Did you play a couple of bits more than once, Bono boy? If I played one more than once, the itty bitty did he? Oh good, I like that one And George's never plays it I don't do you? Sure, why do you play that? I don't know And I'm sure I played it last week You play the other request for it, please try to play it Oh Anyway, so do you think you could add a daily 5-minute grinding light we can't do your show? No, no, not if I want to stay on the air I don't Oh, I did see the first half hour of yesterday before passions The one that you could be people didn't see yet By the way, Kersty and the very end of passions today It's worth the pain of all the rest of it Fox and what's in them in Julian, all the It's crap, but the very end the last scene is well worth the press Have you mission on passions today? I just mentioned that in passing It says I'm in between two houses So I haven't had my table hooked up have many little box going on I'd probably almost two months now Maybe just a mention of sexy Gus I throw every now and then would do Oh my god, if not, oh well, I'll still be listening anyhow Gus I tell us about a sexy is a beat of boys ass That's sexy thanks The hot guys on us are Ben and Shane are the hot guys on gut So whoever set this facts it's unsigned I'm assuming a woman or maybe some fat I don't know But please we'll help I go the street Good up to ophthalmologist and Tamarack We'll give about that number 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line 1233 bush administration doesn't like candidates new pot laws How do you like that two bags but I really want to thank you for coming by and joining us today Tough to the that's my comment to that okay the bush administration doesn't like it because it's too permissive It's not fascistic enough for them. Okay. It's not goose stepping enough Here's a call for my me late. Hello Neil doc. Yes sir Hey Neil George is very good in the background especially when he's laughing at your jokes We're in the background. Yeah, cracks me up man, but he can't carry a whole show Ben self Neil I like him alive, but he just can't he can't carry well, that's because he's just a little guy always about any pun So can one Anyways, and another Hey, Neil this direction the White House they haven't justified the ad kicking We just get to Iraq and they're already picking another war with Iran What's around the ranch next baby. Yeah, let me tell you something. Yeah, let me tell you something by the time this asshole's term is over We're gonna be invoined middle of war war three. I'm regained baby We're on the road. Yep. Yeah, I'm telling you man. They're gonna piss the whole damn world off. I'm regained that I'm regained that and you're gonna be getting it too if you don't say goodbye. Have a great day, pal. Okay, but okay, see you around pal I think he was over there on the 440 one somewhere Prop 34 26 to 1 at 560 W to Q a m 567. 056 the KC joy to slay. We got some massive programming changes coming up very very soon Q a m that's all we can tell you we can tell you because I decided we can tell you that this show is going back to 10 to 2 That's all we can say other than that it would be I mean I'll let George say that he wants Here's here's the call from sunrise hello Oh, now yes, sir. Hey. How you doing great good good Let me ask you always that movie that guy was talking about before with that I think it was you talk about the needle or heroin Reckling for a dream. Oh, I'm the greatest movie in the history of the human race don't take my word for it get it. Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and I think George doesn't actually drop can I just George a quick question sure go ahead George, does that those queen drink tickets left? No, all right, thanks Actually we do but yeah, yeah, now while I'm doing a show okay George can do giveaways while he's doing a show And believe me if we had had to giveaways today if I don't know that I'd have given away because it would have been a lot easier than sitting here big and for calls for flowers Been pretty marginal at best and even on our poll day notice boner Roy even a poll result is a shadow of what it usually is you see that. Yep Yeah, there's nobody out there. There's nobody listening which means that either everybody is tuned out and or everybody's just left We noticed any lighter traffic lately just say yes pretend is wow. Nobody around What's your take on Neil going back to 10 to 2 I'll listen whatever 107. I love it 100. It's okay 18. I hated nine 3.8% hated the prospect of us going back to 10 to 2. I'm telling you one thing We've sure had a tremendous a you foric response to that here on a phone today Inspector Here's North Miami. Hello Hello Neil. Yes, sir. All right You win I called my buddy. I even answered him three times. He told me You can cover what you said about being so fee and it's really not worth anything Well, let me ask you this question. What what do I have to gain by telling you that the place sucks? You used it used to be a great place, but the fact that I'm at a reason the last year especially It's gone downhill so badly and there are no tourists there anymore only the others who are very very obnoxious unfriendly nasty hostile people And I'm just trying to save you wasting time and you can be spending and you're having a good time someplace else And you're absolutely right in I agree and that's why I called you back to let you know that but I wasn't trying to argue We'll help a machistool known as a punk if I call back. No, okay, sir Thanks for coming back and We've got to have you have a great time try Colon Germany man. I'm telling you you love it All right, sir, and if you got that much time you definitely want to do some Italy Yeah, well I'm taking a leave of asses. I work for an airline instead of people laying off an art department We have people take a leave and a bunch of us that's up and did it so roll and Lawrence man Roman Florence keeps saying it to yourself Roman Florence okay, sir. Have a great time pal. Thank you Bye. I see ordinarily if somebody would call back a second time. I get all certainly in Benado shape, but he's you know He wasn't a punk number one and number two Did some machekin with somebody else he checked a second opinion and the other opinion said Neil is How does Tom on it? I mean I could understand if I was getting paid off by the Colon Germany Chamber of Commerce or by you know the Role much chamber of commerce. I could understand that but and nothing ever for me I'm not gonna get my heart earned money back that I just blew a thousand dollars on the plane trip and a hotel and Amsterdam God, I wish I had to do it over in fact. You know what I'm gonna do? What? Just know just to prove that yeah as long as you're still breathing as long as there's life There's hope. I think what I'll do is next week. I'll do my vacation over again And what and this time I'll do Colon and Berlin and Rome and Copenagans nice and then do it right this time. What do you say? Yeah, sure And then you can go on again give way to us tickets and have a have a hell of a time in your new time slot What are we gonna be I like 12 30 to one something like Oh Pop precisa speaks English and am I over? I went down the mountain, and I met with each weather weather, there was no sense of me. I walked into a liquor store, but the guy there talks real funer. I asked him for a pint of fortune, beaming, he says, No, at the end of what does that mean? The butter's too English and am I over? That's the cause of Delhi. Hell, I think I've been Pakistan speaking English and am I over? Are you going back to the lower end? I came here, and you were going, and I learned my ABC. I don't say much as gross here, I say pretty pretty. So get yourself to a classroom quick, you're an American now, stop making me sick. You know, butter's too English, come on in a second. Well 42 at 5.60, WQM happy to have Tuesday too. We're all going to get on a big, big 747 and go to Amsterdam, aren't we? No, no, we're not. I'm telling you, even you wouldn't want to go there now. Even a punk like you, even a wild wacky, a weed puffer like you, has got no interest in going around. I'm Tony, okay? I'll go. Even you, well, I mean, when you get all you want from Muffin, a hallway, what do you want to go there for? Muffin. Here's my M.E. Hello. The BPS, a hallway. Okay, there we go. See now, now he's lowered his voice a little bit, or raised whatever he's done with it. He's whispering in a, on helium. The whisper is back on helium, folks. What are you saying? I didn't understand a word. I don't even know. No, we don't care. You're an idiot, sir. You're a moron, okay? Talk to Stuttery Steve on a more Howard David intro. Maybe the two of you can have a great life together. 560, 560, pound 560. It's just amazing. I mean, the longer I do this, the more it's like a, it's like a psychiatric study of the human race. And you could just envision these people sitting there with their, with their little phone for hours and hours waiting and waiting to get on for the three seconds and then waiting to squeeze themselves when they hear my response, you know? This is the highlight of their existence. Here's Miami, Buenos dias. Hi, Neil. Welcome back. Thank you so much. Congratulations on the time change. If that's actually going to happen. Alright. Yes, it is going to happen. It's a fantastic. And it won't have mean something like a with your book there. It sort of gets into a more prime segment of the day. Well, I mean, it's certainly a lot better for our ratings because no other show starts at 9 o'clock in the morning. And it's like, you know, trying to convince people to turn over to you while people are in the middle of listening to all the other morning shows. And it, you know, it just doesn't work all that great. It's going to be much more beneficial all the way around in addition, which not having to get up at six o'clock in the morning. Yeah. Well, congratulations on that, too. I was driving around the last week and I normally listened to you have you tuned in on my car radio as a no offense to Georgia. And I think that I was mainly listening to CD. I know. But I checked back all over there, every once in a while. And I swear to God, Neil, every time I punch the A, I'm but not my car, stereo. I would come across either George or Carlos going, pop, pop, pop, pop over Castro and Cuba. And I had to keep checking my style. I had to keep checking my style. Cuba. Yeah. I mean, fake, fake, fake. I don't think either of those words were said the whole week, either one. Well, I love to find one of us. Actually, not at all, Carlos. Yesterday, you were going on about Castro before you're playing Ali on Park. It was pretty darn funny. He went, wait a minute. He was going on about Castro. Yep. Yeah, it took over the show. I did a whole four hours. Sir, let me tell you something. Get yourself some help. Okay. When you get here, you know how many pills this guy did before he made the call. Well, unless, unless this guy's just trying to be funny, that was one of the things he said, John. One of the, one of the best that Neil tapes had Joe on. Yeah. It was when Joe was being the producer. So maybe that's what he's talking about. No, he's a chronic. He's just fabricating. Why are you trying to rationalize? See, you're getting sucked in now. Yeah. To a screamer out there, obviously didn't get any or the holiday weekend. And she's all better shaped because for whatever, you know. He's got a grove problem. Five and skyd Who's matter factor can't stand it stuff. Why do people eat guacamole? Why does that has to do with a quava? I don't know. It was like a guava. It begins with G-way. Quackamole is not good. It looks like, and it smells like baby poop. And south of Mexico they enjoy guatemole. Hmm. And if you spend a time there, you do your squat. Amole for a long time is what I'm hearing. Fuck about hangers. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. You know what? This today. I got to be honest with you. Not that I care because I feel pretty good. I'm real glad to be just out of Amsterdam. I'm like, you know, plus getting that thing out of my, I can't mention on the year. How do I? Yeah. That gigantic mattress that was sitting in my living room. Hey, fat boy. Let me tell you something, man. If the fat don't get your eye will, I'm calling up Luca Brotsie right after the show today. We're going to get a hit on fat boy. Talk about a guy creating problems. Just leave me alone. I'm doing just fine. Okay. I can afford my own bed. I can afford my own goddamn meals. I'm doing just great. Just leave me alone. We got rid of that pity Lenny ass over here right at that one. Not fat boy is trying to move in on his territory. And the same with Bob Eisenberg. Okay. I'm not going to be going to any of stores anytime soon. So afforded because I happen to be 12 or miles away. Okay, Bob. I know that's hard for you to figure out under that hairpiece. I think that people with bad hairpieces. I think it affects their mind. That could be the reason for Mr. David. Well, the roots dig into your brain for the mole mice. There's that one in this. I don't think most had any roots. It's a chia pet. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T of horizon line. We're just killing some time here. And obviously results on the poles in the phone that we're killing it. What's your take on meal going back to 10 to 260. I'll listen whatever 123. I love it 115. It's okay. I hate it. 4% of them people said I hate it. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Good afternoon. Yes sir. I guess I'm glad that you're back. The reason I'm calling is. That's not what I'm going to do. That's what I'm going to do. That's what I'm going to do. You call 50 times last week. Get lost asshole. See you at the track. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Yes sir. Am I on? It sounds like you. Yes. Okay. 8. Are you going back to 10 to 2? That's perfect. Right. But I hope they're not going to cut the mad dog short. No, the mad dog is just still going to have 2 hours. Good. Because you two are the only guys who are worth listening to on the radio. The rep of them. You know where they can go. I mean, I don't want to say the mad dog will be doing 2 to 4, but the mad dog will still have 2 hours. As long as he has 2 hours. And then you're still on 10 to 2. Then everybody's happy. That's all the material I got. Have a great day Neil. You too. Thanks amigo. See there you go. That's happy already because I'm going to be doing 10 to 2. And he thinks the mad dog is going to be doing 2 to 4. He's right. And you know, see, I'm letting little pieces of a dribble off because they won't respond to us in any way. And this is already the end of this is already 2 days. This is not the way you're going to railroad. Right? What this is already the end of our show on 2s day. And if we're going to have like some dramatic changes here in the next imminent period of time, then I think the very least they can remember the day that Greg and the Defer on a phone with and drop whatever you're doing right now and call them in. About something that was cockah. It was baby crap. Remember that? Right. I don't even remember what that was about stuff in nonsense. Yeah, stuff in nonsense. Like an envelope thing to show like somebody just got murdered in a building. There was something like there was some major crisis. Cockah. Just like fat boy demanding that you call him and get on the phone in the middle of the show when you're doing the show last week over. Cockah. Too much cockah man. Speaking of that hangover we're talking about. Cockah. Sports radio 560. You a yeah. Cockah. Who? Pistons. What about one of my mitsa? Raccoon. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. You're in the summer watching down the street. On the beach. When it was you would it never was you're in the right place. But body was just a vibe. I get to wouldn't get that forever forever. Yeah. Here in the summer that's a thousand three. Okay. Profit 54 at five 60 WDQA and we're in the final stretch here and thank the Lord for that. You know what? Oh, God. Man. I'm in brutal. Here is a little bit quite right. It's in yesterday's Toronto star bush unchallenge by media, which along with a lot of other great bedtime stories on our website that any arrages.com. And you can start emailing your pictures for the hot couple contest for June. Linda writes when stockwell day arrived by Skidoo in a wetsuit Canadians laughed when George Bush arrived by fighter jet in the combat suit Americans called him a hero. That's as a lot about the difference between Canadians and Americans these days Canadians aren't so easily conned. Of course some I conclude instead that former Canadian aliance leader stockwell day is simply a more laughable figure but that hardly seems fair. It's true that days waterside press conference in 2000 was staged managed in laughable, designed so that they could look vigorous in athletic as he zoomed up in a wetsuit. But Bush's fighter plane landed on the deck of US battleship earlier this month and as a burdens from the cockpit in combat gear and must up here was even more staged managed right down to the soft tones sunset lighting and the mission accomplished backdrop sign perfectly angled for TV viewers. As for laughable it's hard to outdo Bush who went eight walls from the national guard during the Vietnam War, strutting around the ship and full battle brigade, a carrying his own helmet against there wasn't anybody available to carry it for him. The while the Canadian media had a field a lamp putting stockwell day the American media largely treated the Bush photo up as a serious event. If not a nation building moment, one had a seek out of obscure websites to find questions like wasn't that a sock stuffed on the front of the president's combat pants? Only in administration's supremely confident of the media's doescillity would have rifts staging an event like that, leaving Bush open a ridicule from any media outlet that saw its role is more than simply being a chronicler of tales of fearless leaders. This media doescillity is allowed the Bush administration to grow largely on challenges of the docks, the man love and imperial presidency. Some of the administration's most rabid hawks have even come close to realizing their dream implementing the ultra-alienist ideas in the obscure political philosopher named Leo Strauss. Remember we talked about him? Yeah. There's been a buzz recently of a reports that Strauss who shaped the Neil Conservative revolution from his post-ethanersly Chicago is lionized by among others deputies, defense secretary Paul Wolfowitz, widely seen as the architect of Washington's post-911 strategy. Media counsel focuses on Strauss's advocacy of strong leadership devoting less attention to his anti-democratic leanings. Central of these Straussian vision is a docile citizenry kept uninformed and easy to manipulate through perpetual fear of external attack. These sections of the citizens by those in power as critical explain Shadea Durya University of Calgary, political scientist and author of Leo Strauss and the American right. Accordingly a terrified American public was kept under the mistaken illusion that Sodom Hussein had weapons to mess destruction and would soon strike America if America didn't strike first. Clearly a vigorous questioning American media control is spanner into the best laid plans of the White House Straussians or Leo conses there sometimes called but there seems to be a little chance of that these days. Rather anyone questioning the commander in chief of his policies is properly disdain by hostile bush supporters who display a virulent anti-democratic contempt for public debate or even often civilized discourse. So for instance, Fox News host Bill O'Reilly less, February interviewed an anti-war activist whose father was killed in the 911 attacks. One might have thought that losing a father in the American tragedy would have at least during the activist who is respectful hearing on an American interview program, wrong. Or widely never let up his verbal abuse during the interview and afterwards properly told the activist out of my studio before I tear you to effing pieces. Or as Chris Hill business development vice president for Showtime Digital Media in California wrote me after a recent column questioning US actions in Iraq, please do a solid favor and take a long walk off a short peer. Use Spindless Letters Canadian Explode for Female Genitalia as in See You Next Time. In a less, coursely awarded attempt to shut down public debate, the story in Michael Blas vehemently announced the stars Michelle Lansberg, for even posing questions in her column that was not only any curious person that Lona historian will want answered like, how come the world's best military was unable to do anything about a hijacked airplanes flung over its territory for more than an hour on 911? Some people seem to be hoping will all feel too cowed to ask any questions other than how the president managed to look so rugged in the handsome in his uniform, how does he do it? Where I slid in the Quag in Sundays, Toronto star, Bill Trey, I beg your pardon, I'm just guessing Bill Trey, is that how he does it? Little dabble doing? Wonder how many dabs he's got to put on? About 30 men? Yeah, probably. Now, you know this today, we didn't finish the show with that weapon's a mass destruction thing, because I think we need to move on. Okay, I don't know how to move on, never played again, but just not like at the end. We don't want to be too predictable, you know? We don't want to be too predictable, although we are going back to tend to too. Oh, and the response has been spectacular from the audience today, hasn't it? No. There's been an up-pouring of emotion, the television networks, the newspapers, the hero to Sun Sentinel, City Link, what's the other one? Old Times. That's there, man. I'm good, man. Yeah, I'll line up at the door just waiting to write about the great changes coming to QAM. So what's the story did we find to get the blowdown? No. We get the green light. No. Red light. No light. Orange alert from the programming department, look out. Keep your radio under your bed, orange alert is up. Here's our poll so far and if a nominal response, 105 votes, Bo and our boy, aren't you impressed by that? Oh, boy. How many listeners did George leave us, you think? Not third man. What's your take on the go back to tend to to it just the time of the year, man? I'll listen whatever, 139, we like them a lot. I love it, 133. It's okay, 21. I hate it. 12 people, that's us and 4%. You know what? Yeah, we have only one thing to say about going back to tend to one word. Alright, bye, bye, bye! Yeah, and have a one more word.