The jats are saying they got to play better deep ends against the dog of the glisten The man who's robbing you five minutes from now the guys in the ball put the positive six bags This is all girl of it when minute after that the olivator will rise to pages We here go to pick up the bags to carry them out This is ocean Yeah, Neil I'm gonna try to rob the mgm grand not only go to the fight but while the fight's going on I'm gonna rob the cages of over ten million dollars now. This is an all expense paid trip right. I hope yeah all expense paid by me What no, I'm going out there for top rank. They're putting me up and I'm doing two shows from there But I have to pay for everything else. What are you talking about? I don't know what what should I do advise me great one. I would think by now After a couple months you to be on to the whole deal here. You're gonna supposed to pay for nothing I'm not gonna pay for anything. I'm gonna give my receipt when I get back. Well, it hasn't taught you Schmidt man By the way, I hope you don't I hope you're like got the lights all off before you went in there did the show this morning Yeah, yeah He's a well, you have a son. Let's listen. Do you have footage of him talking this morning listen? I know you got it. Oh, I think I have her piece. Oh, I got her piece. Oh, God I've heard you know I got to catch my flight Neil have a great day. Have a great time Scott Thank you much I heard you grew up with them both at now and lower records proudly presents the greatest hits of Simon and Buwinkle You have Simon and Buwinkle Who who recorded live in central park and frostbite halls the music of Hall Simon the lyrics of Mr. Noin Hall I'm singing your dis-review station, but I got the more than animation You know you'd be a gentleman Simon and Buwinkle's greatest hits Yes, it is Paul, but it's not art it rocks steal the theme Because movies never play Unfortunately Simon and Buwinkle's greatest hits Now that Mr. Peabody's record isn't it? Love that Mr. Peabody dusting the cobwebs out their friendship the folk rock duo Paul Simon Art Garfuck will announce last night the reenuiting for a concert to earth America this fall In both just her 93 Shows begin October 18th of the Palace of Auburn Hills outside Detroit You ever been to Detroit like I said don't go. Okay, you know what you'll say after you make your first visit to Detroit But they got her piece. Yeah, like Moe He most got her piece Absolutely Either that at Weasel on his head that reached down and bit him right in the goddamn eyebrow He's got chirpies the 60's favorites I think at her piece Well last recorded together in 1975 sold more than 40 million albums in the US with the sounds of silence Griger retrieval water misses Robinson yati adiani and the boss bad enough in Mr. Peabody Great nice going Simon and Garfuck anybody want to hear them though. They were good I like Paul Simon was great sure our Garfuck will all on his own. What was the song he did the Sam Cook song Don't a wonderful world. Right right. Am I right? Yes. So no much about crap don't know much about her piece I think I've heard piece. No, I just I do know quite a bit about it, but that's another story for another day I know a lot about but think I have her piece. I come down, no, okay That must have been why he was out yesterday. He had like a chunk or something these state after a whole day Well, he was got his right. He said she'll push you know By the way speaking, I'm Scott Scott Junior in here. May get paid. Sometimes zoom clearance was in there yesterday of Paul's Yeah, you're full of crap clearance. You're we're on to you We're on to your baloney. Okay. He's stonewalling. He's just stalling and stalling and pushing it back and pushing it back. You know Just try to like save a few bucks for a cheap ass outfit. Okay, let's get right to it. We don't have a lot of time today We've got a short show. We got just tons of crap man just tons and tons and tons of crap Here's a little piece of advice boy by the way. Everybody in the audience do not take Santa caught unless you need it. You know what I'm saying? Wow Well, you know my my words are healing up from that awful bacon experience that it eight seventy five pieces of bacon from how he's was there And I'm finally like it's almost gone, but I'm thinking why you know you the stool softener is good. We can't talk about that. Can we stool softener I'm not legit. Yeah, huh. No, seriously, but it can't hurt. So for whatever reason I just took a Santa caught last night before I went to bed. That was a bad movement man Wow this morning. I just woo Oh heavy duty experience don't take Santa caught unless you really needed. I should be taken Santa caught Believe me. Keep your busy Mario big crap in your brains out all day long anyway the poor result from yesterday I don't know they just 123 votes. It's not too bad, but this was they just not concerned, you know, I know They're very very comfortable. By the way, stress drafters birthday on 9 11 happy birthday Troy. We're not playing the thing filter Tomorrow right what's your take on this Thursday's two year anniversary of 9 11. It's tomorrow It's tomorrow stay calm stay cool. We don't want to get anybody into a panic. Don't start losing your grip on reality George has a suggestion though Nothing will happen 698 58% of this audience is fully confident that nothing gonna happen tomorrow Well, you know what you're all wrong because something's gonna happen. Yeah, so we'll come up right tomorrow Maybe and maybe not Maybe your son will come up tomorrow or go down nothing will happen 698 what me worry 289 I'm buying duct tape and viscreen. I was a late edition on here. 92 say they're buying their duct tape and viscreen Bad Schmidt will happen 54. I'm staying close to home all day 36 and I won't travel tomorrow 34 out of 123 votes on yesterday's pull we got two poles today I'd like that two for the price of non Here's the first one for this hour only We got a short show now. You know that's a crank call Scott don't you mind me beach. You know that line six is a crank mind me beach Yes, see Everyone tellers that is right 25 what are Nazi bastard? He was a I wonder if he was related to Nistva on guiding light pop a bower But at any rate And we're tellers that you know you got the Tom Lairthing back to the Everetteller song on there, right? We do you know Yeah, we got the Tom Lair album back there. See you all we've got some number heard from Edward Teller the hell he didn't Or no, it was Verder von Brown while same difference. That Anyway, here's the first pull for today before we get to the heavy duty stuff I'll be before we do it though this story about the lottery ticket this dish Oh Amazing better dinner since today's hero. I just looked at this and I talked to myself is only one remedy for doing that I'm going your brains out Who had the 50 million dollar ticket florida's biggest lotter loser? It says when a clock tick passed 12 a 1 a.m. Tuesday yesterday Time right out on somebody's dream a $50 million winning lottery ticket bought in North Bay village on March 12 expired The largest jackpot in Florida lottery history to go on claimed It was the 20th winning Florida ticket to be lost and more likely forgotten about the previous record was 16 million dollar pot left behind in 1991 I think I just feel the heavy pot Lottery winners have 180 days to claim their prices the money now goes into Florida education enhancement trust fund What does that mean that the kids go to school for like two days a year now? Some of it will be reinvested in a new game slow to a lot of resource woman Sheila Griffin said keep in mind Lottery's the biggest rip off the biggest legalized rip off an history mankind in my right One person's finding about the ticket my Hamid I see him hosting owner of Cole's food market in North Bay village Still got his cut as the vendor who sold the winning numbers the lottery paid him 10 grand I gave some to a friend of works with me and sent him to my wife in Bangladesh, Wisconsin The only problem is he might not be so happy if he checks with the hernphines out. She had a 50 million dollar ticket to light bitch. I mean It says if the ticket holder finally shows up And we'd have a five box of clean-ex Party because he or she would be crying. Yeah Griffin said How do you like that? Who the hell is Griffin? Oh Sheila Griffin from the Florida lottery? Cryin and if you seriously stop to think about that you'll look in the drawer. Oh, look at that. There was my lottery ticket There it is. I've been looking for that damn thing and of course if you don't write down the numbers You just and you look at it and there's like 22 23 35 45 50 and 53 and then you reach in the other dry Call up the revolvers You have to you just have to can yourself. What do you absolutely rubber room at least? I want to mean another winners guy. You see here. We kind of like George you're becoming very cynical about our great colors Here's Palm Beach. Hello Huh I win I picked what do you mean you win he was good. I like him. He was enjoyable He was almost he sounded like the diceman on a bad day with a like a sore throat Here's the first poll for today. Which of these best describes by listening to the Neo-Wraggie show? Which of these best describes by you listen to the Neo-Wraggie show for humor? For liberal talking if you laugh There's nothing else on I hate Neo, but I can't turn it off Neo is the radio god. Oh God. I'm a QAM listener or I love the crank colors Which were two for two so much the first guy was good though. Yeah, that was date retired. That was the god with the 85 horses I started to enjoy him actually, you know what he's got something good like that No, he was good today. It's because to show you if you just keep plugging away sooner Lady might have something like mo you know Some day he might say something good on here absolutely haven't had nothing good so far But it's only been like a year and a half and you say that he's got such great hits in it in addition to what he does have a lot of hits mostly Once you don't want like I think I'd hurt you like that one It was out sick with like a churpee and like a little extra crotch right yesterday come on mo booch up a little bit If you got to work on this station you got to show up or be like the rest of us by the way mad dogs off today You know I'm saying oh right That's like because we work whenever we feel like it because we got a Marlon game pregame at 1235 The Red Hot Marlins vibe believe are they 15 games over now Scott 15 16 16 816 85 oh my god They are they are assured of not having a losing season I Don't want to doubt your word, but I want to look in the paper here. I'm not you know, I'm sure you're right But 16 games over would be astonishing and Still nobody shows up when I have the home games because there's nobody there. Nobody cares anyway They got the the Mets again the Samptanoon and we'll have that game for you like at one ten to starting game 1235 of pregame So we get out of here early to which we say 80 and 65 it's his here 80 and 65 my mistake For you are you know, I got to say one thing for Scott he is so consistent And it would like like the thing with Mussolini and Rome yesterday no matter what he says You know it's wrong. That's why I picked up the paper as soon as you said it because I already saw it They're 15 games over they have 17 games a 165 17 left So somebody who said earlier in the season marlins are going to win 91 games where we all have to say what an idiot What a moron that person may have been right. They may have been shocking So there you go. Let's Got the first pull up here. We got another pull in the 11 o'clock hour for the rest of the show and I got eight million things here How we got to rush? Plus we got these tremendous calls like the one from Miami. Hello I'm listening So weak So weak Have you noticed how we've got all these wannabes? Yes, the guy wants to be Mo. Which I don't think you really want to be Mo sir Especially with a bad case of a chirpies. You got to say more enthusiastic. I'm listening see like that more with that stintorian sound I'm listening right. We like that a lot better nice gone, Mo You be the best man. Best piece of crap. We were had net building Provided in fact. I flash better stuff down to bull this morning than the more Howard David. You know Absolutely trust me when I tell you lots of it Provided Saturday 10 at 560 am I gonna have to do like the helium show that I'm gonna have to talk fast because we only have 2 and a half hours Speed it up. Oh, I'll speed the tape up. Okay. That sounds good to me. I like I had a balloon. I could like suck the helium out I don't think say right practice makes perfect if you're underpaid like poor Scott and you're who can't even get like a nickel or rub on Clevver's ass overworked and underappreciated and you like to like change your life and get you a really fat big paycheck How about getting a new career in a way to do that is with training from our good friends at fast train column toll free at 1 866 fast train fast break and heavy train in certified before years end The demand for computer professionals continues to grow. There's no end in sight So there's no better time than right now to get you a new high paying career and a big paycheck that goes with it Fast train offers job placement assistance can be detaining weekend schedules and there are six floor to all patients Including four right there in sound Florida so there's a lot of me a fast train close by you fast train offers financial assistance For guys who qualify to so pick up the phone and call a good folks at fast train the answer all your questions no obligation 1 866 fast train Oh, excuse to stay at a dead end job working for some schmuck one more day check them out on the web at fast train.com Call us number and change your life forever call 1 866 fast train If there's a but I smell it think I've heard these warning the following may not be suitable for children So let me go wild it's the hot new videos series that shows real celebrities getting in the real trouble So let me he's gone wild you're all time different stars are hitting all time lows See honey would never have hand-tom size more get busy on honey with madam Heidi flying Is that it celebrities gone wild also features clips from LA Laker superstars. I'll be right How you doing baby about no room Calm down So let her go wild is jam packed with famous people who are famous for their infamous behavior their Xana Ross Nick no deep worry round Michael Jackson Robert Downey junior and the list goes on bus Robert Blake gets trenched in ice cold water for us Super sleazy wet prison jumps in contest Where to assume to Order celebrities gone wild in the next 10 minutes and willing to this free Unreporting a video called celebrities gone crazy. I want to be covering the of California 1018 at 560 WQM Hero Eric has been doing such a great job but far for me to bust his balls and it's really not his fault it's George's fault because we ended this category I did and you didn't pass it along he facts the revised thing did you sure like I said it's Eric's fault you idiot I love the crank callers we got to get that on there I don't see you see it no no it's not I don't know yet which I'm sure there must be how many do you think you're gonna vote for that I turned him in which of these best describes why you're listening to video rods your show for a liberal talk and a few laughs 11 15 like I said it just changed again in midstream Neal is the radio god 12 for humor 12 I hate neo but I can't turn off too I'm a QM listener too and there's nothing else on one out of the 44 so far but I guarantee I love the crank callers get that on there right away Eric or else I know what the else what but a rls Edward tellers died Do we mention at twice or 100 times who he played a key role in the US defense and energy policies for more than a half a Come-da century was dubbed the father of the H bomb for his enthusiastic pursuit of the parole full-leavened Idea yesterday a spokesman for the Lawrence Livermore laboratory who is 95 that's plenty rolled enough 95 Jesus wouldn't all of us like to make it to 95 I'll take that you know the only people who aren't crazy about only making it to 95 But a bunch of like 94 and a half Right I suppose even my mom who's a little over 90 she'd like to make it to 95 I don't think so I'm I just don't I don't think it's in the cards Well, you know when you when you wind up being a bag lady at the age of 90 You can't I don't think that way I don't think there's a big future you know well, you know that condo She's got that I own Hmm, well, I think that venue is increased rapidly in last few years. I'll question Hollywood film it This article is gonna just a stony oh wait wait wait We've one call at a time today because we're in a lot of pressure We got a lot of stuff again. We only got two and a half hours. We got the big Marlon Metz game and he interests me No, see that this is just what's the problem with that time Huh, there's still whining about the damn dolphin lost to a girl's team Well then so I don't be crying over spilled milk. Okay. They're gonna lose to the jets on Sunday Then what are they gonna do can you imagine if they were started going to oh oh my god There'd be people blowing their brains out for get about the lottery ticket guy We got a shot Yeah, they got a shot Here's Miami on six all calls are on six today, which is an Oman hello Neil yes, sir. Is this a real call? This is a real call. I can't believe it And you know we I tell you something The killing program is the killing program program in the province. I think it's done it is upgraded at the town level In trying regarding a sports radio program in QA and but lately when it comes to play by play stuff Yeah What is going on? I mean we've got the hurricanes and the dolphins are signature Sports on the station right and they have more hour Davy Who is your an embarrassment and all the how many times you're gonna tell us Then every player is a former giant a former charger a former patriot felt care Yeah, yeah, yeah, well, well in those cases the former human being So Jackie I mean you crushed it you crushed it you crushed it you crushed it we every plane is a terrible sock Okay, yeah, yeah So what you're quite that are play by play people are a little bit lacking now you've left out I noticed jugs McDonald from the panther game with a panther signed a old lil auto line big deal And you know the panther audio no one like what is it? The panthers are off the map nobody cares about them. You think nobody will go out? Right, that's right if nobody cares about the marlins you can imagine how many people really care about the panther About turn man and that's stretching it I knew thank you. How do you great. Yes But there's one thing he left out Oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my He left that out He hyperventilating hysterical josegaki bushleg in embarrassing good guy though, but really bushleg in his performance and fits in perfectly with you I'm just like a glove. No one did they want him do no other broadcast I mean why would they want to have like a bushleg guy like bills in for doing you know guys like a real professional They don't want that they want these screaming amateur hour josegaki, but nevertheless that's you M. Like I said if it's imperfect This story that I was about to do before we took that very important call Saudi police a Barbie doll's a threat to morality Okay, ready? I can see that Saudi Arabia's religious police have declared Barbie dolls a threat to morality Complaining that they revealing clothes of the Jewish toy which is what they call it already banned the kingdom are offensive to Islam Oh, you didn't you know Barbie was Jewish You know everybody else you wish because if you get a candle he circums crosspect right then he's got that ring around is color The committee for the propagation of virtue and prevention of vice so I like that what is that? What's the acronym for that crap? The committee for the propagation of virtue and prevention of vice as the religious police are officially known lists the dolls on a section of its website devoted to items deemed offensive to the conservative Saudi interpretation of Islam Jewish Barbie dolls with every feeling clothes and shameful postures accessories and tools. Oh, there's nothing worse than a shameful tool Are a symbol of decadence to the perverted west? Let us beware of her dangers and be careful so that a poster on the site Barbies a threat The poster plastered with pictures of Barbie and short dresses and tight pants all right with a few of her accessories reads a strange Request a little girl asks her mother mother i'm on jeans a low-cultured and a swimsuit like Barbie Such posters are distributed to schools at Hongian streets by the religious police or moot moot moot moot moot hawa moot hawa Whatever it held it okay go him and dependent body affiliated with the office of the prime minister vice police officials were available for comment Shek Abdullah al Murdaz a preacher in a re-admosque said the mutal would take their anti-barbit campaign to the shops confiscating dolls from sellers and Imposing a fine How do you like that? Oh, we're fine right although illegal Barbies the creation of California based motel are found on the black market where a Contrabandal could cost a hundred re-alls which is 27 bucks US or more It's no problem that the old girls play with dolls, but these dolls should not have the developer of a woman and where we're feeding clothes All-merdaud said these revealing clothes will be imprinted in their minds and they'll refuse to wear the clothing We're used to as Muslims the Sheksei as in Shikibudi is it incredible? We're not talking about people in the stone age are we no, oh, thank goodness for that Though Jewish Barbie doll. Oh brother. Yeah, these schmatterheads man just enough to make you want to puke your guts up Look at that we got a couple of calls in I'm just in interspersing a couple here in here because we got a Like I said a pressure pack show today two and a half hours which sounds good for every dinner. Oh, yeah Can you imagine don't eat this all the other fakers on this station they get by with two hours three hours and we got a four hour thing we got to do for this This is a kind of money 88 votes on a pool so far this is our first pool so you better get with it Okay, better hop on it because I'd love it a clock is gonna disappear 89 votes Which of these best describes why you listen to the Neo Roger show for liberal talking a few last 36 Neo is the radio god 26 for humor at 16 There's nothing else on four I hate Neo, but I can't turn it off three I'm a Q and listen to three I love the crank colors. I want to got one I thought that was the main reason they listened is because they want to hear chambha and Maddie Cole and those guys yeah Not to mention And the whispering guy which is all it's all the same people We can do people Gilbert's line, but we can't oh yeah Here's Miami winners this Okay, me go yeah, I was wondering um, did you know a couple weeks ago when you went away? I'm gonna wait You know that's going mark where in your videos Doing what There's there's either the ants and there are other studios so they went over to your studio at night and and Farget in your chair Yeah, yeah, can I ask you a question? When you're gonna grow up They farted in my chair Jesus got all money aren't you impressed? Wow that could be the worst call ever that could be the worst call of all time now And we well like I said it's in the run today The worst call so far today sure ain't you in the way that anyone tell her guy that guy that was great what on you Nark And we're tellers daddy was 95 and that old enough Yeah, you bet Jesus give it a rest Ed He said life was a real Bomb 26 past at least got you a new one die he just turned a hundred Panthers got lie all over line he just turned a hundred and seven and Todd Giel he's on written 10 ghost to show you never to hold a plenty in a chill Hey, how low can they go you might be wondering right now is that what you were wondering? Oh, all the time there you go What the nation group is doing the limbo rock under the lowest view finance rate you ever be here and I've just 1.95% We all have doing the limbo rock going. Uh-huh. You bet you Now you can we finance your homer by new homing get you a super low 1.95% finance rate with a financial group So call them today went and out check it out call 1-800-9 for Oland That's 1-800-9 for OLE and if you've been thinking about refinancing or buying real estate You really ought to be doing this now call financial group 1-800-9 for Oland and talk about savings Listen to these payment amounts if you have a hundred thousand out of loan your payments are only a 368 bucks a month Even Scott could afford that if you ever start getting paid a 200 thousand out loan is only 736 bucks a month So call financial group toll free 1-800-9 for Oland to get that low amazing rate that you keep here in about on these shows 1.95% all time Lo's get that 1.95% from our friends at financial group 1-800-9 for OLE and be there an equal housing letter Be sure mentioned Todd Reckwin you call credit restrictions apply rate something to change monthly 5.19 APR What is up Well, hey, what's the new one on 2-way? Yeah Look that back at McDonald's dance. I want what they had before these are my kind of guys What the hell are they doing anyway? With a man we sounded guy really gay. How are more Chris Moore? Custom voice is real high When I listen to this words a manly voice won't get my attention But we'll really get me step with the shorts Which weeky high voice will give me an erection So I hate us if we do without you a yeah But then back it back on again. I'm going to miss here and straighten in with voice this high Now I'll have to get deeper in the closet again So I've been impressed on a macho friend the check out Chris Moore and I can help the thing on the side Yeah, there ain't no the guy coming my choice for guys as voices has some cracks and stay with well here No, I can't relax that Yeah, stand up real close to the rain. You know If they're voices on up there really makes my phone stay for years In that chrome man, we are he's harder than my infrared brother 1032 at 560 WCM we sure are getting much Slop over you know I'm talking about in other words when we came to QA and five and a half years ago almost six now I guess It's like we brought our own audience right you know I'm talking about I know 140 votes on here and I'm a QM list there's only three in other words when they vote for that That means they listen to the station and the fact that they listen to QA and we're on here Listen to be sure Good, I mean what is that 2.1% that's pretty lame 56 people say they're listening mainly for liberal talking if you laugh Neal is the radio god 41 of course that's the operative answer For humor 28 there's nothing else on five that's a good point I hate Neil, but I can't turn it off for I'm a QM list only three and I love the crank colors only three out of the first 140 votes Big facts just in here What does that say oh? No, who is that a cave pronounce a name Larry hovis? Okay, is that as you know who that is Sergeant Carter? But is that his name? Yeah, very hovis that sounds right Actor and comedian best known for his role a sergeant Carter on the long running TV show Hogan's heroes. He was also regular on Goma pile U.S. MC well guess what he died and also Ronan Martin's laughing who guessed that on numerous games shows during the 70s Including match game and the liar's club died September 90 if cancer in San Marco's Texas age 67 Larry hovis I have no idea who that is Sergeant Carter. He was the I didn't watch hovis heroes great No, it was not great. Yes, it was what you never watched it Well, maybe that's why I don't know was great. It was funny didn't watch go more pie U.S. MC didn't watch that That was just silly. I did watch Ronan Martin's laugh And I don't remember no Larry hovis though. I watched match game religious though love match game is still on the game show channel all the time Never seen Larry hovis this kind of liar getting a pencil leki kind of guy the liar's club wasn't that with who's on the Lies club was that Mike Stokey who's also on Panama quiz. I don't was the host on that I don't know somebody will let our talk to Brian or one of those old guys will let us know But we very hovis who I could say but then I'd be lying Stars from Hogan's heroes. It says in its fact. You're dropping lifelies. Well, God damn Man, he's just to help a lot of that death going on. You know what? What are all these calls on here? I got just too much stuff. We only got till 12 30 and then you know me 12 30 I think a few of these idiots on here's poppin. Oh, hello I Yes, sir. How are you sir? I'm doing great good with first of all the first time I've ever called I usually don't have time to call you I work for living right What a thank you really you're a very funny guy in fact. I'm a who bright I don't even understand how you can attract an audience with you both you and your your Extremely intelligent right yeah, I don't know how you can an audience down here Or did this guy's a little bit about this religious fanaticism and have the answer to the world Hey, all the time you like Yeah, I don't know if you're a fan of Bill Mars I think no Mars. I think I don't know I think Bill Mars and Ansel but anyway But basically he said that you know religious fanaticism dangerous So the Islamic fanaticism the very dangerous because we like to get his blood themselves up and take everyone else with it The Christian fundamentalist or at least the music, Lisa They are they're amusing well ask the abortion doctors who got shot and killed well that they're missing Not take everyone with them Yeah, that's scared. I'm not a ask all the people who died in the in the Crusades and in the Spanish inquisition if was music. Have a nice day sir. I'll come you go What does this guy do I he's a bill Marfane? I mean a little bar is such an asshole No, I don't want this guy to take it personally because he likes us, but his call is horrible You know keep listening. We hope you'll listen, but your call was wrote test and unacceptable and it's just Unconsciousable that you would say such crap about the fun of endless Christians are amusing Not only are they not amusing they're annoying. They're obnoxious. They're dangerous. They're crazy people and This is what the problem is is that America takes it all too lightly see we're talking about religious extremists See this is the reason that the mainstream media because they're so afraid to lose sponsors and offend anybody That's why this whole thing would nine eleven. There's very little discussion about religious extremism except the course with Muslim extremists yeah, they'll be bad ones right there are the only bad ones and you recall that people like Billy Graham son Franklin Graham and all these others in the beginning were making these growth test as usual comments about Islam and all well That's really a violent religion and all that stuff. You know as opposed to Christianity and the other ones Which and Judaism which the Jewish god was telling like spite all of their enemies make sure they don't miss any. You know Religina sick. There's there's a thought of the pay double point. I mean you people at our brain washed and can't Mittally emancipate your brains from all the religious indoctrination and bullcraft. Hey, I understand It's not easy From the moment that you're old enough to understand even before you really comprehend they start hockin and bangin and then they're in bangin and then they're that's what the Alterbar said it keep bangin and in there. That's right Don't get sore about it But it's just Christian and now what is this? Reservation of the cup of what is Bob Eisenberg this guy is on top of stuff man since we got him that new piece from Chuck Alphayeri You're almost thinking he has some clue what he's doing. Hey, by the way Bob you're an asshole too Remember those days sure down on the second floor Bob Eisenberg running around telling people I was an F and asshole That was my good. I got to know you though. Yeah. He got to know me. He got to know me as a real asshole I'm an asshole Bob and I'm proud of it. How do you like that then Bob and me? Doesn't bother me. I'm an asshole with a big fat paycheck twice a month including today clearance I hope a better be there a better be showing up sweetheart Clarence who's real big all of a sudden trying to hold people's money back like poor Scott Jr There and the audiences heard this they know the game. Oh, this is poppinobito legile see this time You didn't put it on there. See Scott don't pay attention what George tells the con George is a bad the Board. He's a fine producer, but a bad phone type person gets to emotional He starts writing down a bunch of numbers. He gets all wilder. You know He's just got a calm down. He's got a few more done. He dinners before the show would be good But when you put on there like question mark and yeah sure stuff like that and then you keep putting it on or you know How those people disappear? Yes, you want it a while they disappear tell me because I hang up on them. I thought so I see here's Pompano Beach allegedly hello Pretty good is this a real call I see Well, I want to make a comment about GW first and say I was pretty upset when the whole election thing went down Can barely hear this call for some strange reasons guy. Yes, go ahead Anyways, I was upset about the election, but I had no idea what we were in store for and Just really pisses me off when I think about all that But as far as you're your poll today goes, I have a suggestion for you. Okay, and why don't you add poll building shows the reason why people like the list one The reason why people listen yeah Because they like to poll building shows Well, it's one of the the actual I think the choice to be our like meals pool like hang says There you go, I think it's become a central part of the show It has you right give it to chance for us to say whether we like it or not right Okay, well, let's take it right on there. Thank you. Thanks a lot, Pally. Have a great day That's a good see that was a good call online nine Scott you keep hanging up out of those people Align nine. I like that. Yeah, huh? How is you I know don't say hey listen, Mr. you're supposed to be if this is like a Mickey and eyes their conversation I'm talking about well George has naked pictures you don't just remember me the puppeteer you the Lemon yeah, I'll get Mickey and I on your ass Okay, now what's the I'm the puppet master beta. So what are we putting on here now? Oh, I like meals pool That's cute. Yeah, that's good. But if he or he can spell the hell What I okay if people are too stupid to understand it then we can't be bought that was a good call I suggest you sir. I love that was a good guy. See I like that guy before him that would mend well That you know, you know, evidently thinks he's intelligent, but he's telling me to Christian and a fundamentalist Christian He now maybe I didn't let him finish do you think so no he was no he was serious Yeah, I waited a second to see if like he was good There was some some gag or some pun or something So I can't say the one of my way I believe that crap About fundamentalist Christians are humorous. They're not humorous. They're pathetic. They're dangerous. They're Crazy people who's responsible for this war right now Are you knocking up you again? Yes good 192 votes which of these best describes why you listen to the neo-Roger show for liberal talking a few laughs 73 Neal is the radio god 57 See Quetta see at day For humor 41 there's nothing else on seven. I love the crank call or six I hate the but I can't turn off full and I'm a Q and listener full as in what you be listening for and we're adding on there I like meals pool. Oh, a while For a while for many years for a few minutes for a few seconds until I can't stand it no mode 10 41 at five 60 W to Q and VIP sportsbook dot com is the best in town And we got a Zillion sportsbook cyber times you got a station now Because only one you ought to be doing business with because of the best You know 99% of the other sports books are just there are a bunch of bookies in the jungles of Costa Rica Hangin out somewhere you'll be lucky if you ever see him again So this year move up and class to VIP sportsbook dot com. It's the oldest and the largest sportsbook in the most prestigious Netherlands Holland. I'm Shaddam 100% legal and license too. I just about everything there was legal and licensed or not Listen to me and call VIP sportsbook dot com now 1 866 VIP bets because they're the best in south Florida available anywhere Sign up right now and you can bet all the south Florida football and basketball teams do free all year long You want to bet on the dolphins good luck to you. It's 100 to 100 you want to bet on the hurricanes It's 100 to 100 so forget about the big All side you know how these gambling These professional degenerate gamblers. They have their own lingo. You know Forget about the big big all signups get a 20% cash bonus not some funny money Amatch play bonus that you get out of the jungle VIP sportsbook dot com that's where you find them online or column tool free at one 866 VIP bets. Be sure you told me heard about it here on most prestigious sports obsessive QAM 866 VIP bets for VIP sportsbook dot com where you be the VIP You Oh, it's me fired up when I hear someone say that May No W I think I heard you. Why do these little cries? Can 46, thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices. I can't get that punk out of my mind. I call that day. But the glorious, free-d-freeing of the Iraqi people and lowering of the gas prices, a bloody asshole man, what a bush liquor. Suicide bomber kills three people in Iraq as the carnage goes on. Other American soldier died this morning. Trying to get the little more information about that. It's just becoming so routine like murders in Miami that they don't even report much on any mole. You don't say that? Unless you catch the blurb on there real quick, you don't even know. Another US soldier dead. But this is a separate story. Suicide bomber exploded in an SUV outside the US intelligence headquarters killing three other Iraqis and wounding dozens, including four Americans. A Kurdish security official said today. The US military and Baghdad had said six Americans were wounded. Later said four intelligence officers were heard along with a Kurdish, a Kurdish, a Kurdish official who spoke on condition. I was thinking yesterday again. I could go off on a long rant. We don't have time today. But how is it possible that the public is so God damn stupid? Like the thing with a Taliban, all of those years went on. Nobody gave a flying figure about the Taliban about the women with a berkaz about the could not be seen. How repressive they were and about the Spartan existence that these people were forced to live on. Nobody cared until after 9. 11. Then all of a sudden we started seeing eight billions to every day. They were like another whole bunch of story. But the Taliban and the repression that the foisted on the poor Afghan people did. How many people in America really gave a flying crap about Afghanistan? Don't tell me about 30. We wouldn't like five. Even the Afghan hounds didn't have a map with both hands. And then all of a sudden here comes the Amir. I'm going to tell you right now the American media are the enablers. There were the ones when able Kenny Star and all of our wing Republicans do all that penis gate with Bill Clinton. There were the ones who made the whole big saw today and they made it possible for us to get as far as all an impeachment crap and waste millions of dollars of your tax money. And are the same ones who are letting this asshole off the hook? They're the same ones who are letting this asshole off the hook. Who just raised another three million bucks down there in Florida over the last couple days. Just gray shame on you as Michael Moore would say. But in this case I'm talking about the freaking American media. It's a pretty sad commentary when he takes to amy fate and to the true. The media is sick and he's not badly. A media sick and we need to help badly. That's the problem. Anyway, the answer all Islam organization with suspected times to be a kid was formally based near some place that I can't pronounce about 30 miles east of Erbil near the Iranian border. Answer headquarters was bombed by US just during the war. Surviving members of the group were thought to fled to Iran. They're now believed to have returned to Iraq. Which is now becoming a hotbed of terrorist activity. Which it wasn't before we started the Iraq attack. The operation Iraqi freedom. Right. How do you like them apples huh? I'm saying that again. Don't let me say that anymore. Don't say. You know what I get. We all do that. We get on for some of the right. Stiction in your mind. Don't let me do that no more. Okay. Because some things I may after well get to be irritating. Even though it might be too like I think I have herpes. Like most say an at this morning. I think I have herpes. How did that mo? That would be irritating. That would be. I think I have herpes. Firstly, your herpes on a scalp under his eyes. I think he had a scalp glued on to tight. That's why he was out yesterday. So he's got herpes under his hair. He had a peel it off. How is that pull coming? This is our first pull. We got the important one. This is just, you know, just for clarification. I think it's kind of interesting. You know, you know, like this pull? Of course I like this pull. Well, don't worry. I mean, crap. Nice. I'm like Scott there. See you trained in bed. You trained him so badly. Hey, Scott, pay attention to George. Uh, B.N. or boy was paying attention to George. Look what happened to him. So he wasn't. 226 votes so far. Which of these best describes why you listen to me around your show? For a liberal talk in a few laughs 84. I think I think that covers it, right? Sure. You're a little bit more god 65 for humor 48. There's nothing else on 10. For people who don't like Dr. Laura and Russian all the other crap that's on when we're on. But that's a good excuse. That's why I put it there. I love the crank callers nine. I'm a QM listener six pretty weak. Duff. And clearance pretty weak. You should be bringing us more to the table than that. If we had. Uh, we were like a talk station. I'm not talking sports talk. Are you like, I would be used to be. Right. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about that. I'm talking about that. If we wanted that, then we'd be siphoning a tremendous number of listeners from the other shows on a station. And we could get instead like a 10 or 11 sure. And then we could get. Right. But we're stuck with whatever we got. I hate Neil, but I can't turn it off for and I like Neil's pull, which Eric being very cute. spelled P.O.L.E. across the dot put P.O.L. Q.D.R. He's getting almost too good. You know, it's scary. He's great. He's great. So we take it. See, this goes to show you. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. It's not scary. The sound wasn't scary. It was a horn with a hammer. It's a ring. Boo! It's not scary. It forgot going around. It was a needle glove, but spray it. We made it. Very quiere. We made the piece. It surprised us. Um, how was it? It went through the door each long ago. That was gonna. Oh, this is gotta be on the pool. I will have to leave this up there to like 11 30 or something Do you want to know why I know what hi this is 75 I listen to you Rajas could I could hear the word asshole right? Because I like to hear the word asshole that Eric I hate to force you to pull one moron here. It's my bad Because here's the facts from Ralphie uses I listen to your show because I like to hear the word asshole So that's that's the other choice center because I like to hear the word asshole Speaking of which I saw God wearing a t-shirt that said my mother told me I could be anything I wanted to be I decided to be an asshole To which we say what's wrong with that? What's wrong with being an asshole? Anyway Getting back to this story about Howard sperm the federal communications commission ruled yesterday that Howard's Ranshee radio program is a bona fide news interview program This is was in response to request made by the New York based infinity broadcasting ink Which wanted to ruling that it's widely silicated steering show as a news program an exempt from equal time requirements for political candidates The decision will allow steering to put actor Arnold Schwarzenegger on the air without having to offer Equal time the discourse of other candidates running for governor in California citing an 84 decision that qualified the Donnihue talk show for news exemption and of course Don't you always think generally a Phil Donnihue and Howard Stern like in the same vein? Oh I'm doing difference being that Howard is still on the air The FCC said there should be room for less conventional interview formats to increase coverage of the political process Since the Donnihue decision other news interview programs are segments there are what unique and innovative format elements such as the Sally Jesse Raphael showed you're a springer and politically and correct with the umptious idiotic billmar and qualified for the news interview You know billmar is just a putts, you know I wouldn't even say he's an asshole. He's a puts He's just very he's ineffective. He's like a poor man's dick cavern Right I can't there he's just a wimpy little nerdy guy I know stupid that stupid book about if you ride alone you're riding with those somers I mean what a stupid bunch of crap, you know and then every Anna Huffington who lately's been writing some good stuff, but Now make what was the one that she wrote her she's had the same thing Something like that right some of some if you drive it as you be your terrorist something like that some similar kind of crap Can't stand billmar See pull up and then whole politically incorrect thing to people well, you know he's he's anti-establish man Big deal who cares? So for out the so's Ralph Nader what what he do for us so look what he helped us get look when he look on you people I voted for Nader in Shame on you man shame on you including Michael more as much as I love Michael more He voted for Nader and speaking of Donnihue. He not only voted for Nader He was a bang in the drums. He was the uh get the cheerleader It is pompoms out Remember that they do I mean, yeah, I'm not saying it Ralph Nader doesn't have some very good points But the pomp on the point is that what's the sense of throwing your vote away? So and it isn't that what I was screaming back then I was screaming and look what we got now You know Jacko look what we got you warned everybody. I warned you You vote for Nader and throw your vote away. It'll be close enough. They can like weasel this thing in there And they weasel their way in man. There's nothing worse than a goddamn weasel. That's what they did Snake this bunch of go ahead and then they're again the bush here mysters See this is supposed to be a democracy Not a goddamn monarchy and Between the kin of these and the Rockefellers and the bushes you see what it's all about Handful of very very dubious suspicious wealthy families who acquired their wealth most of them through a buy hook and mostly buy crook Just like joke Kennedy with his goddamn bootleg Anyway, how's Brian greasy's total in? Every time I hear that I think Is that Brian greasy? I don't know why I don't know oh maybe he's got it maybe spent a lot of time and answering And he belches a lot. I have told you by the way that an answering it's considered to be in It's not considered to be rude or in bad taste the belts in public in fact. It's like Yeah, it's just part of the ambiance Great you know that no I do know well now you know that Just think about and and there were about 400 people showed up at that protest yesterday We'll get to that like I said we got a lot of stuff a lot of fish to fry and so little time So little time plus we got these great calls there whole bunch of money Which we might get to or not is the case maybe I'll get to you just relax. Okay. You got nothing else going on there Did we add the other a category on air because they want to hear the word asshole? We got that on there. Yes one vote already for that That's my bad we should add on there right from the beginning Probably sunny fox voted 1056 at 560 WQM announcing a brand new aspect tack of her 2003 neo-ranges blowout sale going on right now at hell at Pontiac See get the lowest prices in universe from my good post personal friends Tom Lehman and Joe Prieto Neo deal number one you can save you up to $7,000 with a high-speed bait to the year plus deep discounts I mean really deep Neo deal number two get zero percent financing for up to five years Listen to this Lisa 2003 Grand Pre GT 2 for only 279 bucks a month or 36 months with 12,000 miles a year and two grand out of pocket is all to put down How it's also got great deals on you cons and denalities too Tom and Joe invited a test drive any vehicle on the lot and we see two tickets to this Saturdays hurricanes game against East Carolina another rule school hurrying though because of plies limited and of course Halts also got a great selection certified pre-owned cars practicing SUVs You know what I'm gonna say next because we always tell you because a lot of people are nervous about shopping for a car because they have lead Yeah, a marginal credit or maybe they're income is kind limited by torch But if you have credit problems, it's not a problem at hell at because the whole idea then being in business is they want to save you a vehicle It's the 2003 blowout sale going on right now at Halts potty xgmc 134 one-sap taxi highway if you haven't been here. I had no idea why because they've been there forever on US one Right across from the falls open every day seven days away if you might more info call the Neil deal hotline toll free at one triple eight 534 42 111. Why they listen to the show because they're obsessed that's one triple eight five three four 40 to 11 don't forget all Neil deals Subbed to credit or poofles to the folks at Halts for details. Halts potty xgmcr Professional gray Was driving down on 95 the other night Somebody nearly coming right off the road I decided what I'm gonna do any good to get man It's a road as long about him instead It goes like Where you are An asshole You were a Either way Oh Yeah I've got You been as old a rest of your life Oh Now I was talking to you mother Just the other night I told her I bought your an apple She said yes, I think you're right And all your friends are asshole You know that your whole life Somebody told me you've got an asshole for a while Or even more than asshole or did you work in your whole life Either way, work not by Because you're an I want to give you a kiss hold Have a lost baby You're at that magic touch Liberal 4.5 60 WQM. I think sometimes I'm just gonna stop it and just sit here, you know, okay For like about a half an hour and just with a suspense will build and build or you'll be a little smelt from coast to coast This is a great fact. You just said me. I love this fact. It is a great fact It says I heard you mentioned the idea that Rocky and Bullwake was a great show the first season has been released on DVD two complete stories Jet fuel formula and box top robbery along with fractured fur retails narrated by miss Edward Everett Horton and Mr. Peabody It's a brilliant hilarious show way ahead of its time and you are The fact was on the sale. Listen to your show for humor and read the website for news So call liberal or conservative talk is contrived and boring and then here comes the good part and again It thought a knock on another goddess But he's he's right Someone like Randy has her heart in the right place, but he's just spinning or wheels especially in this town She had organized buses yesterday to take protest just the only thing you'll be in his were saying was Randy the bus doesn't have air conditioning She's gonna give herself a coronary embolism for nothing. Sir you again you are The great facts in the history of broadcasting Randy liked the guy says your hearts in a right place and you know you're spinning your wheel Can we spin the wheel now speaking of miss Fudge Remember the guy that called yesterday was all been out of shape about what will be gold brewery and I said hey if you know like what We're goldberg don't watch the show. I sure didn't but guess what what We'll be upset it was rated the top show with a night High five's in studio city miss Bud says this morning as NBC Woppy pulled the biggest audience in prime time last night with a 12.5 rating in a 20-year Despite cat calls from the critics the sitcom had more than double of yours if of its nearest competitor It scored nearly three times the audience of anybody else in New York City in the 8 p.m. time slot But the 14 rating in 22 sure in WNBC Nearly one out of four homes in New York with TVs two now were tuned to goldberg Woppy it was at Hank Goldberg Woppy scored a 20-year in L.A. 19 Chicago 20-inch early 25 and used in rolled a 26-year in Vegas How do you like that says miss Fudge? What does that tell you there's something really really sick and wrong with America if people are watching Woppy Goldberg I'm I'm sure I can't I get physically oh, but I'm just she's nauseating. Yeah Plus I have an aversion to the whole roster lock thing anyway I mean Goldie locks I don't mind but the roster locks. I just I can't look at it So I somebody would like real cartoon red here like carrot like caratop that kind of oh I can't handle it that doesn't make them a bad person necessarily all the usually are President Bush collects $3 million at Florida fundraisers oh this just makes me want a pew Jalae mighty Yesterday was a $3 million day for El Presidente is his reelection campaign into fundraising jackpot by a bunch of crackpots in Jacksonville and Fort Lauderdale The twin Florida fundraisers brought in a half a million dollars more than the Bush team It expected to pick up the events propelled a president's reelection campaign conference passed the 62.4 million dollar mark The centerpiece of his forlness or article by the way in the sense that we're written by the umptus and Happy homophobic and disgusting looking buddy nevin speaking of assholes The centerpiece of his forlauderdale visit at less than four hours was at a crowded reception at the high at Pier 66 resort on the 17th street causeway for two grand a person about 500 contributors got cocktails or durs and the president's 25 minutes Speech across the street about 400 demonstrators chanted slogan some of them have seen buddy points up against the present and the war in a rack in One of the few large self-law to protest rally since the start of the war There were some of the things that were yelling where Randy there's no air conditioning on this freaking pause Where's the early bird Worshout line is achievements to largely Republican audience in a well secured ballroom He was repeatedly interrupted by a ploseman he talked about the war on terrorism the president was introduced by his brother They extraordinarily anxious governor jab bush who told the crowd imagine what the world would look like in my brother was elected in 2000 You know that really you know something yeah, what what are we talking about foot spa? I want to read that line. I'm just reading over to over into the ballgame starts Imagine what the world would look like if my brother wasn't elected in 2000 which course first of all he wasn't elected That's number one but number two And you know what this is see my psychic powers again. I was talking to me for about the art car Funkle song what a wonderful world this would be you sand cook some that he stole Imagine what a wonderful world this could be without El Presidente without this one If they wouldn't have been able to steal the election with her friends and they sued me Check that this app means done it peace But oh No, that's my bush allergies act enough again man. I'm real allergic to bush Okay, let's wrap up this first puller get the important one on here as we try to solve the problems at a world here 290 votes. I'll start a kid to 300 what do you say? Okay 300 in an hour is pretty heavy duty. Oh, so thing no question Anyway, we got two 90 right now Which in these best describes why you listen to the arrogatory? I won't read it till we get to 300 Huh Imagine what the world would look like now if my brother wasn't elected in 2000 that jab What a sense of humor, huh? What a real comedian Bush Oh yeah Now he did it to us He had group sex with the entire state of Florida, Jeff and then of course he says well I've got devious plans for that for that the constitutional at the school size amendment They don't get into public passes it and he starts unleashing his devious plans and tries to like Thwart the world of the public like you guys didn't really mean this did you? I mean comes right out he gets caught on tape saying he's screwed a public okay I've got some devious plans for that And the public says hey we like that. Let's put you back in there again I'm starting a wonder if maybe Janet might have done a little bit better than bulls mills McBride You think no How's that possible how can the electorate and Florida be so goddamn stupid are they a bunch of mug ones? Yeah, I forgot Man, that's that's astonishing to me. It's amazing Here's the good news though right on the hills of that about him raising the three million bucks He hasn't got a child in chance if you actually were tomorrow against any Democrat I don't care who that was they could bring guys George McGovern again. They could dust off water mondial We lost him in a soda even and he still would be bush With a sweeping 61 vote these Santa Cruz California city council became the first local government in the country Yesterday to ask Congress to look into a peaching president bush It's time for us to open up this can of worms of councilman Tim Fitz Morris No relation to Morris give late and great Was butchardons among Sinai City leaders say bush violated international treaties by going to war in Iraq and that the president manipulated public first to justify the war on the cuckots Right and he is The resolution authorizes Santa Cruz mayor Emily Riley descend letter the house duty here a committee chairman James Sensenbrenner asking if bush is committed any impeachable offenses that could lead to his ouster Yeah, let's only hope The council vote came in packed chambers were supporters of the resolution lined the walls some carried signs that read On of the Constitution impeachment now oh and god bless and keep bush out of power How do you like that? I like it a lot Those signs was echoed by members of the council to vote again was six to one I happen to think what's going on is a high crime in misdemeanor But let's leave that to the US Congress to decide said councilman in US and you see Santa Cruz professor Mike rockkin Tom Mullony retired this was one or three people at the meeting with spoke out against the resolution It's not an issue that the city council should be involved in this just serves to divide the community he be saying Such divisive political stands aren't unusual in the coastal town A year ago Santa Cruz became the first of what was photo 165 city councils to oppose the war against Iraq Santa Cruz was also what a more than a hundred cities declaring its opposite to the Patriarch So did Howard County but the local papers didn't want you to know about unless you were up to two in stormy night You assholes at the Sun suddenly you scumbags you low-life you need generates and In April the city in County of Santa Cruz sued the DEA in attorney general John Ascroft Marking the first time a public entity is sued the federal government on behalf of patients who need medical marriage a wini So we love Santa Cruz California Some people with some real balls, okay not a bunch of pansies. We just roll over and play dead every time the goddamn government Goose steps in their backyard. We love Santa Cruz right? Almost as much as we love Freddy Cruz And the quiet storm From it's past 11 at 5 60 WQ a mykin worked up again. Hey, that's not good. Yeah, it is it is well the short show anyway That's right to short show. It's a short life. We got those bits and 15 minutes and of course a short shelf life We got what You're bad Yeah, it's Wednesday, but we're dispensing with that what a two comedy bits thing Part of our not gonna do that That would be so you wouldn't do it. You would do it as one big good reason. It's so your times up with that summer crap Hey, if you're underpaid like poor George and the Scott there who's like not just underpaid He's just not paid He's just a peon if you're tired of people peeing on you here's the deal get you a new career and then you might start making some real cash Call our friends at fast train right now and find out how you can do it before the end of the year in fact You can be trained and certified in a great new money-making career in a computer field call 1 866 fast train The demand for computer professionals is continuing to grow thank goodness So there's no better time than the present to obtain a new high paying career and a big fat paycheck and like change your life for the better Fast train offers job placement assistance convenient evening weekend schedules and with six lower locations of putting for in South Florida There is bound to be I bet Scott's life on a defast train nearby you fast train offers financial assistance To guys who qualify as well so call fast train today Have no more excuses to stay to that end job because here's a chance to really alter your life Check them on the web at fast train.com and then call them toll free 1 866 fast train My You're sports retail 566 It's getting stop right my from the Mars. Better watch out for Mars, dear leaders coming to Earth, kill and in California, and eat, come to the better from Mars. I'm looking at Mars, I see someone so clear, holy cow is the nom, he's finding up there on Mars. 17 at 5, 60 WC in the Marlon game coming up Marlon's on deck at 1235, the Marlon's at the Metz at 110 of the big game. They're all big from here on in, only 17 games left in the irregular season. They're time for the Wildcarb with a Feliz, dead flat tie. You got the humpar after the Marlon game for the 7 or whatever the game ends. A whole boy, Hank could have a tough assignment today. Maybe also a whole tree hour. Ricky, wake him up, show us 7 to 8. Any interest in that? No, not after that game. The big, oh, for me to 10 Orlando Alzaquiri, Eddie C. Ted and two Joe and Mark overnight, Joe and Mark who said in my chair, that one of the most juvenile calls that asshole that pumped they're called before. But again, that's the kind of people that they attract, unfortunately. You're how many of them they got? What? Me, you're a Joe and Mark farting in your chair. Yeah, like a child. Anyway, here's the final result on our first pool today, other than George W. Bush, who is the most dangerous man in the world today. Oh, no, no, no. That was great. See, that's the second pool that Eric, when he like makes the shift on there. Yeah. That he changes the head or on here, if I can say that before he changes the, that's that's great. And I got sucked into it. I got sucked into it. The first pool is, well, which of these best describes why you listen to the Roger show. For level talk, how many last 116. Deal is the radio guide. 86, of course. For humor 61, I love the crank hauler's 13. There's nothing else on 11. I'm a QM listeners, 7. 2.3% pretty lame. I hate Neil, but I can't turn off six because I like to hear the word asshole 3. And I like Neil's pool only one. I thought that guy had a good suggestion, but nobody else did. Apparently what I'm saying. He's right to pull as an important part of the show, but that's not why they listen. And anyway, here's the second pool. Since it is such an important part of the show. I'll be the judge of W. Bush who is the most dangerous man in the world today. Now, here's my list so far, you can add to it, of course, as you want, or not as a case may be. Osala bin Laden Osama Yamala. Dick Taney. Donald Rumspelt. Moh Howard David. Neil Rogers. Kim Jong-Eel. Or Rush Limbaugh. I think that's a good list. Oh yeah. Huh? Covered. I don't think it's covered. I think there might be a few others on there, which is a good list. If you others on there, which I don't, I just mentioned because then people won't call in with them. Other than G.W. Bush who is the most dangerous, oh, oh, G.S. That's so obvious. God. The Pope. You know, how could I leave you a couple off of there, huh? The big potato. The Pope. A man, a silly old man, and a dress. God. All of a sudden, he's a really snappy dresser. And I should love that mitor and that schmata that he's got. Other than George W. Bush, the most dangerous man in the world today, or some of it, a modern Dick Cheney Donald Rumsfeld, Mohour David Neal Rajas, Kim Jong-Eel, Rush Limbo, or the Pope. The Pope was smoked the fat rope. 560560 pound, 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Now we've got some time to sit back and relax. Ah, take a whole bunch of really great calls between now and 1230. Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Your next portion, D. Kim's question. What would the world be like if his BDI to ask whole of a brother hadn't been selected to the White House? That's a good suggestion. Now also, I have a opinion and a story. A news story. I disrespectfully disagree with your previous caller who said that the mentalist Christians were amusing. They are as dangerous and as big a threat to the freedom and the life in the United States as any other group of religious fundamentalists wackos in the world. Absolutely correct. The news story is from Alabama. Yeah. He talks about how the governor's request for a tax increase was rejected despite the fact that he told the voters of Alabama that it was their Christian duty to help the poor by shifting the burden of paying taxes more to the people who could afford paying taxes. And the comment in the paper was from a political expert in Alabama that students do believe, but they also vote their pocketbooks. So what does that tell you about who their God really is? And once again, Alabama leading the nation in EDSC. Well, don't forget, Joja. Yeah, well, as the SIPI as well. Did you listen to the Democratic debate last night? No, I did not. They had some good lines in there. One of the questioners asked the candidates what their favorite song was. Yeah. And Al Sharpton had the best answer. He said his favorite song was the theme song of the Republican Party. He was talking loud and saying nothing by James Brown. He took here a deal and you too. Hang in there, Paul. I have a great day. 560, 560, 560, the new pull is up by the way. New pull is up. We only got four votes on there. More Howard David moves into a quickly. That's bad. That's terrible. I just put him on there. Kind of like his a gag. No dick, Cheney just hopped over him. Well, he hopped over him because he didn't want to catch no herpes. Here's my me, B. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. Why do you care? Final Schwarzenegger is the governor of California. Because you have to ask me that question. Let me just say one thing. Let me ask you this question. What's the biggest state in the US? Alasha. No, I'm not talking about the insides you're graphic. I'm talking about impopulation. Yeah. So in other words, you don't think it says something about the US and where the public is going. But as movie actor is governor. I could bench for a hundred pounds asshole. Oh great. He can bench for a hundred assholes. There you go. He can bench for a hundred pounds. Well, in that case, what about the Jack LaLaine? He used to bench like for twenty. You didn't use Simmelton. What? Look. The right there. That was the by take back what I said before. That was the best call of the century right there. That was the reason I listened to this show. Plus I like the pace. It was the new criteria for president. I think. If I maybe could sit on these Supreme Courts someday because he's good on the bench. 560 5060 pound five sixty on the AT&T. It Verizon wireless line another ball buster. We're going to bust your balls Neil. Oh, it feels so good. Just like what's his name? Like Humphrey Bogart like Captain Quie. I'm squeezing him right now. I'm rolling him. Like Mike Disney's to do. He's rolling him. Squeeze him. Now this says Tampa on here. Now Scott are you positive of that? Did you double check in triple check because we know like calls from Tampa because they start talking about Tampa and Orlando radio crap like that. Here's Tampa. Hello. I do want to go. Yes sir. When is to you? Yeah. I'm not going to show you the Tampa problem. I live in Naples. I think it's Jim John Neil. And how do you pronounce him? Yeah Jim John Neil. Yeah. I think he's one of them. But he's dangerous. What do you think? Yeah. Oh man. I love this show. You know what? Most of the paycheck. But I sure love moments like these. We've had such a, such a wide, and the paycheck. Yeah. It's really been great. It's been phenomenal. And we got another hour to go till the pregame show. You ain't heard nothing yet. Just wait. These people are coming up with a great Z-Matera today and Z-Stanning for no question. 26 past 11 at 5 60 W-M-Your-Hist-Stereustation for the New Millet. And hey, ladies, we're having a few last today. You know, I mean tomorrow's 9 11 the anniversary. It's Troy Stratford's birthday. Could be the end of the world. You never know. Some crap could happen or something's going to happen tomorrow. You people would sit on our pull from yesterday. Nothing's going to happen tomorrow. Guess what? Something is going to happen tomorrow. There's no question about it. Somebody's going to take a big dump or somebody's going to have bad constipation probably my mother. How low can those interest rates go? Man, now the financial group is doing that famous limbo rock under the lowest refinance rate. That's where I look under the bottom of your door and they're peaking in there doing the limbo rock. How does this sound? 1.95%. It's true now you can refinance your homer by a new homer get a super low. 1.95% financing rate with the financial group. Call them today. 1-800-940-land. If you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate, you really ought to be checking this up before you do anything. Call 1-800-940-land. Talk about savings. $100,000 alone you pay only $6.88 a month. A $200,000 alone your payments are really $736 but the bucks amount trump change. So call financial group. At 1-800-940-land, you get the low low amazing rate that you've been searching and looking and praying for 1.95% from financial group. Call them today. Tool free. Be sure. Imagine Todd Dreck. To add to call 1-800-940-land. That's financial group at 1-800-940-land. That's financial group at 1-800-940-land. and either an equal housing matter, predoristrsons apply rates subject to change monthly 5.19 APR. I'm a little bit scared, but I'm not a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared, but I'm a little   vincher, meenete, meenete, meenete yo, meenete yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, meenete yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, meenete yo yo yo yo yo yo, meenete yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, meenete yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo I want to stop the cold stop stop Can't even grasp the bar and stop the door Embrace the springman The cold stop stop stop Think it's moving ahead there The cold stop stop The cold stop stop stop Oh yeah, oh yeah Oh yeah The poor was getting high The poor was getting high Oh yeah, oh yeah The poor was getting high Oh yeah, oh yeah The poor was falling down Think it's in the grass You don't have to stop the cold You make it so good The poor was falling down You think it's moving ahead there The poor was falling down The poor was falling down Oh yeah, oh yeah Oh yeah, oh yeah Stop stop stop Are you sure? Stop stop stop stop Stop stop stop stop stop Stop stop stop stop Some people are outside Second poll, this is the main poll today This is the main event 74 votes on her already Other than George W. Bush, who's the most dangerous man in the world today Dick Cheney 17 Don't see too much of Dick Donald Rumsfeld's 13 yesterday Mohour David and the Pope are in a flat foot of time How do you like that? Ever seen the two together? No. Mohour David, it probably because the threat he might spread the disease I think I have herpes. Yeah, that makes some dangerous right there Forget about that terrible show in those bad ratings Mohour David didn't have Pope nine of piece Oh, some of it the same way I heard herpes hear do Oh, some have been ladden eight Kim Jong-Il eight Nobody knows who that is On your Roger six and Rush Limbaugh four Somebody says, put Pat Robertson in Jerry Falwell on her right away Thank you Ben and mine How you been? That's good suggestions right there Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell Speaking of dangerous fundamentalist Christian lunatics Lead this down the road to Hell in a handbase Good for fun and profit By the way, I guess Pat Robertson was really all better to shave About poor Chuck Taylor there in Liberia Hope? Almost diamond deals he had going ill Pat Robertson, all of his cooked friends over there in Africa I just mentioned that in passing also 560560 pound five 60 on a AT&T in Verizon line Here's for Latterdale, hello Hello Neil, yes sir First two things Okay, I have I have found somebody I want to throw your pole All right Generators the most dangerous man in the world, okay? Next second thing The second thing that Colbert had called in about Arnold's small attacker I don't think he's been 400 pounds in 10 years Okay, well that's a hell of a call man What? Hold this Woo! Wow Five by the way Eric, don't put Janet Reno on there It's just a little funny, guys trying a little a little lane humor 560560 There's no mention that is because anything you could mention Because Eric is being so efficient You've seen it happen, it just all of a sudden Topstrap there on a pole He's going to be picked on by the whole general I'll look at you soon, we'll have more much of them to poke Where are we going? Call Gables, hello Good morning, Neil Howard Yes sir, good morning to you I've got one for your pole Okay Richard Pearl Not Joyce Dr. Death When I see that fundamentalist I get I have to go under the bed Yeah, he's scary Oh, he sure is And if we put him on there we probably should put Paul Wolfowitz Ah well, yeah, they're connected to heaven I got raped over to Colbert by Ted Kennedy The other day was great It was beautiful to see that wasn't it? Yes, it was And you know I was I have another point But I was distracted by that 400 pound Arnold call Oh, yeah, beautiful You know the who the governor of the state is really isn't over all that important to the rest of us in the country Except for one thing Just like in Florida the governor gets to pick the secretary of state Who then picks the secretary of elections Like Catherine Harris Those types of characters And that is the importance of the governor Well, it isn't just that but the fact is that as again It's a tent by the right wing lunatic And these people wanted to subvert the will of the public And overturn and legal election Which is unusual in this country They have legal legitimate elections anymore And then that's what it's all about It has nothing to do with the grade Davis And so they prop up this you know somebody was Tramenus popularity because they know that all the pop stars Anybody who's a pop icon in this country for whatever reason is almost unbeatable And that is Arnold you know more on Well, the purpose of it is to get a hold of the electoral college boats of California Which has had that great in the afternoon And then it's going to happen Well, we'll see because you know we'll see Listen, I'll bet George and Scott's life on it right now And next year's election George W's got as much chance of winning your California as you've got to find a Ficc memory vacation you're back here at a lot of reticcate I agree with you, but it is part of their ongoing campaign that you were on That's true And but something that I did see this morning that was very disturbing That further confirms what you've been saying In my mind about the press being fully beholden to this president And their campaign As I was watching or listening to in the background that American morning show On CNN that has there in Cagan there And she cuts who Walter Rogers their correspondent in Baghdad Right, sure you've seen him Yes, he gave the report on that poor soldier that was killed trying to Disarm a one of those improvised bombs And he reported that in the last 24 hours six of our troops have been killed And I've been scouring everywhere all over the internet Yeah, where do you know that's true? Yes, yes This is I can't even find a story on internet about the one soldier there at Mitting God killed I'm just done to buy this at a time when the president is receiving a lot of criticism for this 87 billion dollars on top of the hundred seven billion dollars in tax cut Why I don't hear too many people complain like this check I'm just checking right now. We have to either find there finally admitting now two after days Without an American fatality Two US soldiers were killed in separate incidents over the last 24 hours US Central Command says well Walter Rogers just confirmed that he had spoken with him at Santa calm and six soldiers according to his report this morning That six soldiers have died in the last 24 hours and for what and for that's the question We got American kids dying over there every single day. They've been lied to another saying we have no idea how long you're going to have to be there We have no idea when there's no end in sight that the war is really still going on as well. We'll for which it And this you know the public is delighted when everybody watching Wuppy Goldberg Well, I have one question to ask you and everyone else out there if our troops want to come home and their tours of duty have been extended long Do it on the contract that they have signed aren't they now technically conscript You're asking me well, I'm just I'm just pointing to that out. It's just sort of like a point of order maybe for a computer Point of order folks point of order. I don't know somebody maybe knows the answer. I don't know you know what they technically conscripts and that they're there Beyond there. I think under the paper you'd act in under the main date of Donald Hermann Kiring Rumsfeld are going to be there as long as we want them to be there regardless That's too good luck to us all. Thank you. I think it's the Scott Junior philosophy We just decided they're going to be there without pay have a great day sir. Good. Yeah, we're going to take the care of veterans aren't we? The situation it's a scandal of people in set up crews are right man. They got it right on the money in peach today Before this insanity go it just gets to well already is totally out of control 87 billion Yeah, it's worth it and it has nothing to do with the war on Terra as he keeps saying nothing to do with it zero. Somebody do that the the PNAC people decided this whole iracatech years ago We've had even a stole a 2000 election But don't and of course you won't find that the mainstream media you won't find nothing about that I'll say it again without the media there are complicit there are part of this audio media assholes out there And I know you listen to people of the CNN bureau or Miami y'all listen to this show You're much our lunatics you're much a grave robber shame on you Just like in Vietnam it only went only went after the public went nuts Mostly on college campuses first and then finally when the public began realize how many thousands of kids were coming home and body bags and they really totally turned against the war only then Did the media finally decided like start telling us the truth? Because if you wait there truth from the US government I'm not just talking about bush. I'm talking about anybody in the US government. You wait here the truth. You're gonna wait a long time till health freezes over heavy duty for a hockey game And how about that? I 16 WQM if you've got a big ugly bald spot. You'll know a nice guy to bullspunk almost all guys You know by the time they get to be in the 30s In fact, maybe God third man So dividing line when a hair starts falling out look at poor Tom Brady. Oh, but you don't have any here left after that game last week If you're tired of constant looking for the baseball cat to cover up for your lack of here call my good friend Charles Alphiiri I mean you can put a mousey looking weasel on your head you can do any of those things But the best deal is get the natural hairline system the latest technology the best looking one going anywhere at any Price Charlie's been doing it for over 25 years for the rich the famous the infamous the slippers Because everybody gets Charlie's 30 guaranteed. I've nothing to lose but that bald spot if you don't love the way looks and feels after 30 days Charlie give you a full refund if you're not getting late at least three four five times a day to give you your money back No questions asked call today and take advantage of that $200 Neil Rogers discount to and keep in mind the Charlie's services and repairs all kinds of her systems Why you wait only 25 to 30 bucks? So the choices up to you. There's a zillion guys try to pet your all kinds of hair holes in the head musk rats on the head You name it all kinds of dangerous pills as well by the way If you know here and could be really harmful to your health if you want to get to a great look in a hit-a-head Here, I'm a better and younger than you ever dreamed again call talk Alphiiri tool free today and check this up call 1-800 3-2-1-2413 1-800 3-1-2413 or log onto their website Charles alphiiri.com yes SkyERS Like the bush we had before he's got the same name on the Oval Office store He's in there thinking unlike Clinton I don't make this country wonderful I've been George W. We like his dad when he quarters it for two bomb back at This is a dome on another fight At my scared George and make him wanna cry All his eyes when he goes to bed and dreams of the re-count make him smile Who feel better when you hear him say She would say will be wonderful someday He might promise us everything that don't miss middle And he's got to change me To blame if something goes wrong Once the press gets to him he'll realize He and President ain't so wonderful We're teaching the world we've got that hunting company problem over there Somebody faxes and I'm boy are we stupid or what we are I'm embarrassed And we always do this we leave off somebody so obvious John Askcrop Get him on there right away or please How can we have left our John a hermongering Askcrop You know we're distracted by the early John Rudolph has Askcrop John Joseph Durbel's Askcrop How can we have left them off in there? But anyway he's under now he will be momentarily 141 votes other than George W. Bush who is the most dangerous man in the world of the day Dick Cheney 33 their nervous about Dick Donald Rumsfield 32 Osama Yamama 20 How do you like that? The Pope 16 Mohour David 11 right on a Pope's Askcimjong eel 10 Rush Limba 10 Have you ever seen them together? Nope. The arrogors 9 Non-progery follow up our arboruson yet And we don't have Richard Pearl on there yet or Paul Wolfowitz or John Askcrop But they will be trust me when I tell you if Eric knows what I mean they'll be on their momentarily He's been doing a Yom and job man. I'll tell you he's been to a stupidist job on our website The arrogors dot com great bedtime stories on there today Each and every one of you ought to be on their read them instead of worried about God they will be Goldberg Jesus That's just it's enough to make you cry which is worse Arnold or the Wopigolberg thing Wopig I mean at least Arnold offers a little comic relief because you know he's not going to win and then at the end of the day he's not going to win Paul is he caught oh please please don't say he is please don't say it not in California Hello Here's Miami hello Yes sir Yeah you're in for the aerial trauma the one is after all Hello What is it? You signed the fact that he's got his word. What do you say? He was trying to suggest a name at the knee Walt Walt No he didn't get the name Oh he didn't go on He's trying to get the name First of all he was like screaming and mubb What that I can understand when you like hollowing and keep and carry the way okay So a little bit of telephone etiquette would be good. Let's have a you know some instructional courses in telephone etiquette And how you like speak into that thing the thing with little holes in it like your back dome asshole 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon line here's Delray B. Hello Hey first on the O. Yeah I was watching Paul both of what's got here You know I can go into the whole year Secondly did you see the Democratic candidate paid last night? No you didn't have somebody called about it Well I think parts actually had a agenda. I think the reason that parts do is want to scratch your head They want to repeat Absolutely unimaginable safe rescue my best. I'm going to actually watch Yeah But it was it was it was it was that comedic comedic comedic Well can't mostly grow on an Al Sharpton or just that they were comic Relief for the rest of them but the answers they were given and the fact that they went touch the cells or anybody else Or hardly touched it on George Bush at all. Do we touch it together? No we're touching each other. I'll be damned. That would have been a lot more exciting I guess. I guess so. Well I'm sorry I missed it. And I'm the way the way it sounds. I'm glad I missed it. I think I did the right thing Well, pretty much not enough pretty thing to look at. It was very difficult I mean probably it probably a choice if I were to just stay at home either woopy or that so Well, I appreciate you taking my call. I'm going to have a great day. Thanks for making your call Well I almost forgot about this. There a girl 12 years old settles piracy suit for two grand This is so embarrassing man I mean what when it when is the public going to like start being alarmed by the kind of crap that's going on you know George Orwell is spinning in his grave A 12 year old girl in New York was among the first to be sued by the record industry for sharing music over the internet Is off the hook after her mother agreed yesterday to pay two grand to settle the lawsuit Apologizing admitting that her daughter's actions violated the US copyright laws The herid sent a settlement involving Brianna LaHara and honors student Was the first announced one day after the recording industry association of America file 261 such lawsuits across the country Lawyers for the RIA said Brianna's mother Soviet torre is contacted them early yesterday to negotiate We understand now that file sharing the music was illegal to a certain statement distributed by the recording industry you can be sure Brianna will build we doing at no mal no No mal As a matter of fact, she was playing that on the phone. She stole that from us too. Yeah, you said Brianna won't be doing that No Brianna added. I'm sorry for what I've done. I love music don't want to hurt the artists. I love The case against Brianna Was a potential minefield for the music industry from a public relations stand point the family lives in a city housing project in the earth's upper west side And they said they mistakenly believe that we're entitled to download music with the internet because they had paid 2999 for software The kids and access to online file sharing services. How do you like that making it even more embarrassing? Even in the hours before you believe them. No, oh, but it sounds good even the hours before the cinema was announced Brianna was emerging as an example of a critic said was over's Elis enforcement by the powerful music industry the top lawyer for Verizon communications in charge jury yesterday during a Senate hearing that Music lawyers had resorted to a campaign against 12 year old girls rather than trying to help consumers turn to legal sources for songs online Verizon's internet subsidiary is engaged in a protracted legal fight against the RIA over copyright subpoena sent horizon customers Senator Dick Durban never quite available. I also alluded to Brianna's case Are you headed to junior high schools to round up the usual suspects? Durban asked RIA president Kerry Sherman during a Senate judiciary hearing Durban said he appreciated the piracy threat to the recording industry, but added I think you have a tough public relations campaign to go after the offenders without appearing heavy handed in the process Sherman responded that most people don't shop left because they fear they'll be arrested We're trying to let people know they may get caught there for they should not engage in this behavior Sherman said yes They're going to be some kids caught in this but you'd be surprised at how many adults are engaged in this activity And now that they got the public re-skired crap in their pants nobody's going to be sharing files download no more Now I just like hearing that I love that I did it. I get sexual assignment here in that 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. We got the big ball game coming up today This a big game Marlins at the match means nothing to the last place met say suck Marlins just need to keep winning and winning and winning Hope filled up your stumbles along away Marlins at the match pre game show is at the 1235 again at one ten hank after the game then Ricky when you show seven eight That should be pretty embarrassed. I mean pretty exciting Other than George W. Bush the most dangerous man in the world today is Dick Cheney tied with Donald Rumsfeld 30 at a piece You watch how I ask for a fly up there. We apologize for that by the way. We were stupid Or some of your mama 21 to put 19 is right on Osama's ass and enjoy every second of it. You can't say that about the Holy Father I just did a Kim Jong-il 14 more Howard David at 12 near Rogers 11. I'm on Moses pay back to Vitchmo All though I'm kind of like Lee and low because of that to her piece problem John Askcroft 7. Did I mention Ruslim ball 11 tied with me John Askcroft 7. Pet Robertson won none yet for Jerry fall Well Richard Pearl or Paul Wolfowitz Askcroft just went on her. He's already got seven. He's gonna go skyrocketing to the top You just watch a watch you watch how fast that old fart can move a guy who lost to a dead man by the way in a center direction in Missouri. What does that tell you? Remember that? Yep, yeah, yeah, never forget here's a four-laterdale hello Uncle me all yes, hey, you are my Messiah just want to say you have him great show today. Oh good I was on all please. Did you see the story about the terrorist that was gonna be put to death tomorrow by the firing squad? Yeah, I thought that was pretty awesome. They should be Yeah, let's nail a baby. Let's let's get bring him back to guillotine. Unfortunately, I'm gonna wait a little bit Wait a little bit I'm gonna set around for an isher a bit of possible Yeah, and well, if I don't have time for the whole bit, maybe I could just give you like you know I swear like that first I'm not going in there. That's good. I appreciate it and The three I hate Bush. Does that make me gay? Have a great day pal. I don't think I'm gonna play that I swear. Yeah, again. He was doing so well, but I'll play it. He's okay. He met well. He's just not funny. You know he's like you George. He's not funny means well Well, at least he means well So 1156 format it's the loan. You mean to say we only got another half hour. I feel like we're being cheated here today Don't you? You take the break. Yes, like when we alert the people to the website where Erica is a god What do we got on there new stuff Make else and it we sent it and he put it up there. It's like that. He is Eric. We're so good that we're embarrassed We almost feel like we want to apologize for all the bad things We said but of course at the time we said and they were true. Let's see. Let me take a look Well, let's see if they oh, oh, that is the best if you like all the other most of moda And then down those of the pole Okay under the pool Mama There's that kid would at the dreaming again. I like that and we got the cartoons Oh whole bunch of cartoons Plus of course phenomenal bad times there's Eric here to best man. He is the best. Who'd have needs that beiner boy anyway He's still alive. Hey, we need to set your home fast fast cash home buyers. They buy houses fast hassle free Fast cash home buyers By houses in any condition any location for any reason. Do you need to set your house fast? Maybe your house needs a new roof flooring any other repairs. Well, don't be throw on bad money after good or good money after bad In other words, they'll throw them a no-mo on money away on costly repairs call Ron today at 1 866 785 fast for no obligation hassle free offer at fast cash home buyers They help you solve those house problems. Do you have a vacant house? Turn it eating with a problem tenant. Maybe you're going to a nasty smelly rotten obnoxious divorces to any other kind Call fast cash home buyers Maybe you're one two or three payments behind and here in the property. You don't want fast cash home buyers can help call rod today at 1 866 785 fast and let fast cash home buyers give you real peace of mind Fast cash home buyers will buy your house today and listen to this You won't have to pay up penny in real estate commissions. What am I higher even if you don't know what that means? How rod toll free 1 866 785 fast 1 866 75 FAST for hassle for y'all for and let fast cash home buyers solve those house problems Eisner Mr. Mouse How are you doing the me? What do you mean sir? Why am I reading in the paper you're gonna put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn? Well, sir. We're just scouting locations Jesus I'm scouting CEO. You are killing me But sir, we're going to done with your tiny time square 20 seconds free in on Reem it Reem it You plan and remove us get that blue burn all of here. Okay, boss But sir look what we don't admit down man had 40 seconds treat is incredible I know what publicly I support it that but you took all the part away you're telling me I'm going through gavoscom like kids We're just scouting areas calm down. I'm gonna need but much don't tell me to calm down We got lucky with we low-instead 128 million dollars now you're trying to ruin the whole network. We're gonna programing on you running Hang on a minute Green Yeah, you're gonna fool bar crap all over your shoulder Wait yourself up for heaven sake And cut off the bottom later Good god, sir the network is fine You come up with American Idol good god you're still running James Bob movie. There's 60 years old Why don't you just put steam boy really ought to be done with it? Let's do it make a couple of damn dollars Well the movie division fine you mentioned we were in fishing now We have the new and the chum on movie coming out later Oh, sign what the hell that means stop sign yield sign You're gonna start swinging some of these title pass me please Raymond Raymond I know you can't hear me Remus yes Ronald Mark and That's the Yeah, I All right Yes, sir. I'd be very careful the next time I started my car. Why were you? What do you mean? I'm not done with you. What about done? Sir, I put hand of starman your job, but sir. Here Sorry baby, I put rumours in there. I don't like the president of Disney remiss Wonderful day Get out of here you nut bag 4.560 WDQA and we have 124 votes other than GW boys the most dangerous man in the world They dig chaney time with done rumsel 43 of peace Osama, mama 34 the Pope 21 King Jung Eol 20 John ascroft is steadily climbing up toward the top 18 Well Howard David is on ascroft's back 17 the Elijah's 13, Mercedalum ball 11 Jerry Falwell one pad Robertson one Richard Pearl one Paul Wolf of which one that's because most people have no idea who they are which is very unfortunate News corporation chairman Rupert Murdoch We know who he is a real asshole the brains behind the umptious ultra-right wing fox network Rupert Murdoch said there's a 60 40 chance that president GW bush will veto a bill that Blossom pen will roll allowing TV network such as Murdoch's fox to buy more local stations As once again the bush family continues subverting the world of the public They have thevious plans Bush will veto the bill if he has not supported Congress to sustain the move Murdoch said yesterday marks that a Morgan Stanley media communications conference in Boston The FCC passed the new medium ownership rules in June as we all know to our dismay If there is any chance at all of the president's will being a veto being upheld by the center of the Congress I think you'll find that bush will veto it in the new rules put up by the FCC will stand Murdoch said I give that a 60 to 40 chance The Senate appropriations committee last week approved a bill that would block the rule interest groups Including the National Rifle Association and consumers union have argued that it would reduce program University never simply buy a com NCBS GE's NBC and Foxx consolidation will help them compete with cable and satellite TV Right The new station ownership rule would allow numbers to buy local stations reaching as much as 45% of US viewers up from the previous limit of 35% We feel the campus completely outdated and should be there Murdoch said in response to a question He said Foxx has increased news and news services on its stations by 50% of the past two years more than locally on stations have done He also said the cost of sports programs for cable and satellite TV distributes will come down Right Fair and unbalanced man There you go just to just continues. There's no end to it no end in sight Whatever the public wants bush will give me the opposite But you know something it's gonna pass overwhelming me in the Senate and it's a result. He'll never be able to do Deliver and he'll never be able to have his veto upheld. Oh, what a shame 567 over oh 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line A lot of pressure today with these two and a half hours shows you, but I could get used to it I'm thinking three hours max, you know Who's starting like October one three hours max same pay? Everybody on a station three hours. Simple mole like about movie three minutes. Absolutely Here's for Lodderdale hello Pretty good good I'm gonna jump around a little bit first the guy who called a few calls back Want to give you a name, but you couldn't understand him. He said aerial charoan Oh, and we'll get him on there right away But then my take my pick is I think one of these I hear he's been a little bit aerial charoan belongs on there absolutely correct. Okay, I also watch I also watch some of the Deed debate in front of the black caucus last minute as well black caucus And some of the things that I did here in the media part of what you didn't say do caucus did you Collar the one caucus okay, okay, so one of the things that heard were and just you were speaking of earlier also One of the questions was asked to Security does he think that president Bumbleclod purposely to see the public and he danced he did a Greating silly impersonation then the person went to who Bob Graham and F.M. and it's after was yes Beautiful little straightforward It was perfect. Yeah, yeah, Graham is really sensational which is probably why hasn't that a chance? I know it's scary He's such a up front person. He's like right what we I was on the intelligence committee He knew and he should have known that there was no imminent threat that he had that But I'm a thing had nothing to do with anything have to do a 9-0 11 and Yeah, he purposely deceived the public and I was waiting for a follow-up question Do you think that's an impeachable offense for knowing ever after Too bad Karen right away is a wafer you know in the beginning he supported he voters for it and then they turns around now Well, he didn't have an exit plan yadia He's he's a wafer Howard Dean to me is the only one that's really a boot stop and it's right from the beginning oh yeah, I'm part of the part of something else It has the NF No matter foot, leave him in Oh We should count how to To Israel and of course he was by him and in high and about it and as I were dean of how it seems like no You can't be partisan on both on either side either you're gonna be you know You're gonna be a somebody who's gonna bring peace or are you gonna kiss somebody that you can't be a mediator and be on one side Is it just an impossibility and leave him in of course? Of course not he said my real hot-haught and I cocked the hoist of the air of that's what he said you know couple of things they when I get off the phone I do work for a High-speed internet company and we were sitting out they sit up email and they were sitting out in time that The RIA In quiet about somebody's name they were sitting email out and informing them that these people were looking into them And they were trying to find out information about them Unfortunately according to the email that we received that tech support They did give out the information they were bound they said to give out the information But they were trying to get around that by letting people know that look These people are looking into what your what your ISC is what you're downloading and that sort of thing Lastly and enclosing yes, can't if we have Okay What do you like about it was not a bad rendition? I love that that was a great call and it was an outstanding call see a close to show you're so cynical about these great calls Just because we don't get a nearly because we But I always told you it goes through about a thousand calls and pretty soon you get a good one like that one Right Muscle America watch his wuppie goalberry. That's how much they've been pushed over the edge by the bush mice To rally these patches bastards as they're just losing it. You know, that's why they're watching wuppie They can't stand a bitch, but they just don't know their scream rich chicita's banana or hop on old cdcruis 10 minutes past the hour 10 past new. We got the pressure at that ball game Big Marlon game now stay with us today. Okay. We need you. We don't need you to bail out because we got a baseball game We need you badly We need people listen to QM round o'clock except for five eight in the morning now we even went moe is on And we want them listen no to moe Come on I can play that game right I can't play again that he was playing about I urge everyone who listens to my show Not to listen to the show that follows me and of course now he's got for well on there So we sing in a different tune, you know because he's busy sucking Scott's by the way if you're like ass sucking Tomorrow morning between 645 and 7 o'clock in the morning. I might get even get up early to catch it. It's the rim job Not sure firmer. It's a mohawed David. It rims Jay fever right on the radio Man Because you know always got a brown eye for talent 11 past new to QM. Let me tell you about brandy shoes. They've been around a long time in South Florida You want to know why because they do it right they give you fantastic selection on beatable prices Personal service you walk out of there with a perfect fit and I happy a smile on your post every time So take your feet to brandies over 25 years in South Florida sing great location They got all the top brands. You know when love they got rock port shoes and echoes in mafisto Timberland Clark's S.A.S. floor shime you'd like it. They got it and a wide range of sizes whether you're feet are gigantic and huge Which usually indicates something over they got teeny tiny petite feet which sometimes it accates something to Man sizes 6 to 15 women's five to 12 and what's from the very narrow to the very big fat and why every time I'd say that I want to say platy puts why is that go ahead say there's nothing wrong with the platy puts and don't forget They're professional staff like I told you to give you personal service to assure you get a perfect fit every single time You're looking for it. They got it. Brandy shoes 1290 real federal highway in poppin obitrop and daily 9 to 9 Sunday stand to five all this wicked Brandies New balance shoes are on sale take 20% off men's of women's new balance Brandy's got a humongous selection of styles and sizes to stop in the store or visit online at brandy shoes dot com We're sports radio five six Hello Hello Hello, what now you can impatient again? No, I would have a break was that I just went out there to a start put my clothes on I hear hello I love that I love hearing you get left with a hold on a bang How do you know what bag I was holding It looks like a one-on-one at molest this morning. I think I've herpes. I've got herpes. I think I've herpes Carrying value and we watch your balls slapping my mouth come on rich and brothers Simply get off as engaged a home alleged it's a young as crawl jobs and off to just like your Door fraying The road is free, that's why I'm devoted to the hills. In the crowds are coming, this winter can die. It's priceless to live in a chill. I'm a millionaire, lovely little f***er. In revicari, comfortably dumb. And I believe in God damn things they say. In 2016 at 5.60 WCM we apologize for a few years ago. At least I do. No, no, no, no. No, no, no. I'll see it just that whoever's making a log these days hasn't got a clue on how to balance the log out. So we have like somewhat shorter breaks this half hour, which we really have no reason to have shorter breaks. It's still going to understand like when we have these ball games. Oh, what it's all about. So it's the way it goes. So I'm just leisurely taking my time. I got my pants like half up and my shirt on. Yeah, I'm going to fly out of here. Have a nice lunch today. Get out of the bitch. And all of a sudden who you. Hello. Hello. And I'm thinking, oh, he's in a panic and I love it. I was going like, I was kind of f***ing like, I thought Scott might have turned your pot off. Start. I see right off the bat. There's George again. Blaming Scott. You know, that's a good thought. Probably does have the pictures. Just dummy up, buddy. Please, before you dig the hole any deeper, you're already halfway to China. Other than George W. Bush, who is the most dangerous man in the world today is our pull question. We had an earlier pull about this show and it was interesting. You think it was interesting? Kilt's in time though. 274 votes on this one already. Dick Cheney is time with Donald Mumsfield 52 other than G. W. The most dangerous man in the world today. Osama's 41. Kim Jong-Eel 27. John Ashcroft continues steadily climbing toward the top 25. He's goose stepping his way toward the top. The Pope 22. He's kind of slupping toward the top. Mohour David in 19. The O'Rajus 15. Rush Limbaugh 12. I'm delighted I'm ahead of Rush. Paul Wolfowitz 5. And only one of peace for Pat Robertson's jury, Falwell Richard Puro and Ariel. Oh, sure on. How about you're not too happy about that? Well, he just went on there. Yeah, whatever. He'll get some. He'll get his. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's beautiful moral cables. Hello. Hello Mr. Rages. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. I have a suggestion for a ball. This sounds like you're chronic. Go ahead. Oh, um, how about we go to the screen. What is it? Charlie. Go, Shahvez. Spick an inglaze man. Hugo, Shahvez is the most dangerous man in the world today. How about senior Shahvez? 5 6 7 0 5. What? Trace that last call by the way. If I need to be deported. Send him back to Caracas with his maracas. And some sea lacrosse these. Speaking of that, here's Hylia. Hello. Niel. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. I didn't know if you got a chance to mention it or if you've got a story article. But last week in the Miami Herald, they had like a really small article. And towards the end of the article, they asked Laura Bush, which thought about what was happening with the soldiers that were coming back in, you know, body dikes. Yes. And she answered that she didn't want to. And they're beautiful minds. She didn't want to worry about what was happening. Instead of being sympathetic to the families of our soldiers that have died. Yeah. She was like, I don't want to worry about it. I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I believe he is. Yes. In other words, if he just blocks that out of a mind and pretends it doesn't happen, then she won't have to feel so guilty and so bad. The same way that she's blocked out of mind that her daughters like to drink a lot and party and booze, but. Right. All right. Thank you very much. Thank you for pointing that out. Because if we don't know what a bunch of degenerates the Bush family already are. Nice divorce there, Neil. I'm sorry. And I semester with a silver rattle, I Chanel. But the public doesn't care. They just don't care. Like I said, jab Bush gets caught with his guy. They impants down with his mouth wide open, making stupidity out of comments on tape. And a public says, hey, well, how soon can we put it back in? And again, we like this. Crook. We like this freaking liar. So why should we get upset about you know, we just we just live our little pathetic meaningless lives and do the best we can. That's all. Your life means as much as it means to you. Isn't that great philosophy? Sure. That's right. If it means a lot to you, then it's important. You know, if it only nothing, then. Oh, I like this. Law let students forgo senior year. I wanted to mention this yesterday. I think I didn't mention you but touched on it. I touched it briefly. Of all the ways intended if we have space and Florida crowded classrooms, this one could be a dream come true for high schoolers in a hurry, a diploma without a senior year, which I think most of you are aware of if you've been any attention. Supportors of a law granting high school diploma in just three years, that will help curb crowded and Florida schools, quit experience the private early graduates of extra curricular activities and senior year milestones. The state's top education officials already warning that the new law's essentially enabling students to forego their senior year is not for everyone it shouldn't be abused. It was meant for a small group of band of students who were not only mature enough, but smart enough to graduate. Education commissioner Jim Horan said it's not an attempt to be a teacher class-sized pressure to do away with the 12th grade. Right, of course not. It's not part of those devious plans you think. No. The fast track graduation laws among civil measures passed the spring and wake of the voter approved amendment requirements state to take immediate actions that reducing class sizes. The amendment sets caps for every grade including number of 25 students per high school by class by 2010. Under the option, students can graduate with six fewer credits as long as they have a lot of English classes to earn four credits instead of four language for two years. See, there will have to skip several elective credits including physical education art and life management courses. The audio audio, the audio and a part of it. It's just more the same crap. Ten complaint about the education in Florida because generally speaking they're ain't none. Do I say Florida in America? Very sad. $87 billion. And that's only the tip of the iceberg. Now they're saying the critics and the accurately. So that's only the lowball figure. Because Georgie always did like the highball himself every now and then. But it like the eight ball before he found Jesus and weighs a little behind the ball now. Without a Humpty Dumpty problem that he can't put the pieces back together again. $87 billion. To try to extricate ourselves from this mess, all based on a tack a lies. But nevertheless, the public says, hey, what time is the party start? When did we get to vote for Arnold? And what time is the Wuppy Goldberg show back? What's that treasure island show? What is it called? Oh, her island temptation island. I don't watch any of those shows. I do like the previews though. Interesting people on the previews. Depending on the line if they get that temptation island. I still say the best of those shows. Was the, um, am I hot? Are you hot? Is it hot? Is it boiling? Is it raining in large gorge? Or it's spurt? That damler ends up ruined it for everybody. I don't know why he got such a bone up your ass about Lorenzo Lama's. Uh, cause he sucks. Well, that makes him even more desirable to some. Rums fell 50. Yeah, let's take a peek at this. 58 for Rummy Rye. No, he is dangerous now because he's losing it. He's absolutely losing it. And the troops when he was over there on the last weekend said, hey, don't come talk to us. We don't want to go home. We don't want to nothing do with you. You're fascist. You'd not see bastard you. You ever see him in her mongering together? That lately. I'm thinking of myself because I was watching on the Discovery Channel, which I do like a lot lately. I was somebody documentaries on the Nazis and on the Nuremberg Triumph. I'm thinking Nuremberg would be a great place for Rumsfeld and Wolfowitz and Richard Perl and he'll have that courthouse don't they? All these guys and Dick Cheney, the translators. Donner Rumsfeld 58, Dick Cheney 55, the most dangerous man in the world of ABCD's Wichita goes without saying. Osama, Yamanah 43, John Ascroft, steadily, who stepping up that ladder with 31 votes has just hopped over King Jung E.O. is got 29. The Pope 23, Mo Howard David at 19, the Arrogance 15. Now that's interesting, traffic did there because it goes to sure to even over Dodd-Ringold men were still dangerous. The Pope Mo and Yers truly. Russel in Baudk 12, Paul Wolfowitz 5, Jerry Falwell 3, Ariel Shirons got a pair now. Oh, hey. I probably eat it. It's kosher. Pat Robertson won and Richard Perl won out of 297 votes so far. Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Amy, how are you? Pretty good sir. Excellent. What just two points? First of all, I was pretty amusing. And I don't know if this talks to us with the subject of the year that I have. But I put on the news yesterday and to see a group of women in front of the hotel that... Pearson Seasat. Right. I'm just going to call holding a fine thing that they love to push. Kind of. True. Kind of what we want to know there. I bet you jam might have been one of them. I didn't see her. I like being there. I'm going to. I bet you somebody had a good thing of you's like, yeah, let's put this on. What about Thomas Shirellale? You think she might have been there? I think she wanted to be there. Yeah. The second thing is you were talking about how popular the ratings on will be show work. Honestly, I think it's because this is actually the first show that has currish and humor on it. You know, humor that, you know, of course from someone, originating from someone who is from Iraq or from Iran or someone from that region. So I think that my prediction is in the future. You're going to see a lot of shows copying that chemistry. There's going to be a lot more shows. That's what I'm going to be telling you. The first thing I'm going to be talking about is that the first show is going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. It's going to be a show. The reason I'm pushing tomorrow is a little bit now is because at least this season, maybe they watched up the city, uh, Samson and the, whatever. They watched up a little bit. But the fact is, we're not being threatened. The people of South Har. I mean, you hear a little bit behind the scenes. The city of Miami is talking this and talking it. But it's not like it has been for so damn long. Now with a John Henry thing. If we don't get the stadium, we're going to be moving to Portland. We're moving to Nashville. And we'll pack you family. You know, that kind of crap. No, it's just that they're playing a lot better than anybody dreamed. They're doing it with Mike Lowell, a hero of late, and they're just that they're kicking ass without any threats. By the way, Mike, what's his name? Mike Mayo, hold a mail. Had the most stupid colonies ever written in his life a couple of days ago about, hey, we don't need new stadium. What's wrong with pro player stadium? The, the, the, the, what? The same place that nobody shows up at now? This is, seriously. I think I think Mike Mayo needs a little bottom. Since they got him out of the sports civil world and put him in like the real world, he can't handle it. He just can't, uh, and I know you're listed right now, Mike, you're good guy, but God, your columns really blow. VIP Sportsbook.com is South Florida's best sportsbook. No, blowin' over there. A lot of the sportsbooks do blow because they blow out of town. 99% of those other guys are located in the jungles of Costa Rica, or maybe we'd down there in Venezuela with Hugo Chavez hiding in the jungles and was where they are. Google. Google. I'm sorry. Hugo Chavez. This year, move up in class to VIP Sportsbook.com. The media's largest sportsbook in, the needle ons man, Netherlands. I'm just that I'm Holland with the Dutch with a wooden shoes and a wind mills. 100% legal and licensed at VIPsportsbook.com. So listen to me. Check them out on the web or call them toll free, 1, 8, 6, 6 VIP bets. Because these are the kind of people you want to be punching your guts out with. Their South Florida's best sportsbook by far. Sign up now, and you can bet all the South Florida football and basketball teams. Just free all year long. You want to bet on the dolphins? 100 to 100. You'll need a lot of luck if you bet on them. win. You want to bet the Hurricanes 100 to 100. They're playing a lot of girl's school, so no need to know what. So forget about the vigorous, all son of skitted 20% cash bonus, not some funny money match play bonus either. VIP sportsbook.com. Check them online at that thing or call them toll free at 1-8-6-6 VIP bets. Be sure and tell me, here on QAM. Imagine Gary Sarner's name they'll laugh their ass off. That's one. 8-6-6 VIP bets. VIP sportsbook.com. Let me say it again. VIP sportsbook.com where you be the VIP. The doctors told me, a hard and thin, but now we really know his heart is old. Oh, that and what we're told. Yeah, Dick Cheney's got a heart that's old. Opened on his love. He makes decisions. He has the position. He has the country under his control. While push is jogging, six-fans are vlogging, and that's what happens when your heart is old. And it's full of hope. Yeah, Dick Cheney's got a heart that's old. And it's done a blow. He'll keep on working till his heart is cold. He'll keep pretending that is hard. Hey, no. But it's really old. Well, you may have an old crappy heart boy, but he sure on top of this list other than George W. Bush, who is the most dangerous man in the world of day, Dick Scott 60's 60 for Dick Cheney, 59 for Donald Rumsfeld. Side by each. Osama Yamama's only got 47. John S. Rob 34 steadily goose stepping along. Kim Jong-Eil 29, the Pope 26, Mohour David 22, the O' Rogers 15, Russell and Bob 12. Paul Wolfowitz 5, Dre, Paul Well 3, our Al Sharones got 3. Oh, hey, a lead him all. Richard Pearl 1 and Pat Robertson has only a single vote. Well, boys and girls it's that time you've been waiting for. The pressure is building. Farman pregame show come up a couple of minutes 12 35. Marlon's at the match's huge game. The hopper is on after the ball game Ricky William shows 7 8. Let's hear those excuses Ricky come on Orlando Al Zagiri the big did he to clock any K10. Joe and Mark overnight don't forget a highlight on the Mohour David to show tomorrow which there aren't too many but a highlight. It's the rim job as most such Jay Peters as 645 to 7 tomorrow. That's the loot on QAM.