Forget tonight my bash at Royce. Come get wacked with a barrel again six o'clock tonight Neon having a party if you want to drink heavily with me. I'm sure you'll be there Again, right? Yeah, yeah, you're doing so great. You're giving tickets. I did want to take your advice though on father Gigan No, you see I know you don't want to see it because you do a sport you're what's gagan You're not But ever Gigan now a track and through some lot of the gagan gagan Gigan Dr. Gagan is in trouble This day You know, you know, I finally figured out why he was so bent out of shape about my show yesterday But I'm gonna give you two words that'll answer for you Rick weaver Rick weaver. Yeah, he is so paranoid about the fact I said then and we were did very well in a pull by the way Oh, he's so paranoid about the fact that he couldn't lick Rick weaver's ass He couldn't carry his jack strap, you know I'm sorry if you're not gonna wait for me I have Jeff weaver get sent to golf and you know who Rick weaver see? I'm not mister my home My enemy over here like you see that's why you were both were upset because neither you're both a couple of punks I don't know any of the people around the porous that may be true Johnny come lately I think I heard of the guy from my camera My Greg was just in here patted me on the head said it's nice to see you guys are doing great. Yeah Greg read He's in there right now And he's in my house. I think it would have mow. He said how are we gonna get rid of that old man? I don't know They were working on it. Yeah, I think his lawyers got Greg on the take. I'm listening Oh So he had so he had a little bit of a late start I guess this morning he put that thing. I'm like asked back where to start I thought it was Rick James when I first came into the building The real system. He this boy says Daniel Boone was doing the morning show this morning So what do you mean he said Daniel Boone is here was like you had a kunskan camp on And he also stole the football blowout preview from the Sun Sentinel today and tomorrow I'm gonna chop off his package. I'm listening He's not gonna be here tomorrow. Oh, that is not gonna be here. I know why So you get set on the free ride I said miss my last opportunity to bond with Mo he's gonna be here to rest at a week. Are you upset? I'm I'm the foreloin. I hope he goes to New Orleans and has jumbo eye ass Which is the combination of soup burn and Crodas and his rectum. Who'd that? I'll be good to go with his crotch ride I know because he's gonna go over there and eat some some spicy food And I hope when he's doing the dolphin game with man as they both have just asked fire. I'm listening Have a good day, Neil. You too. Scott. See you. I quit giving away tickets. You asshole. This thing This is for you, Mo. You're crusty or lion fart who lives to the show every single day If you're feeling Oh Jesus Christ and then you make a bird they won't treat you like a Feat. One Green The function is fun to stay at the office, the whole church there. You men, you men, we will let you run in. You men, you men, we sing shows who's not here. But there is the function. 10656, you WDQM happy Wednesday, too. They're moving to Monument, Alabama, baby. And CNN would like you to believe this is a big story. Is it a big story? No. It's a bunch of crap. They're forcing it. Yeah, they're forcing it. That's what's solely that all Brian has said a little bit to be on MSNBC. They keep it like we've all been cheering chairs. One week they're on Fox, then they're on MSNBC, then they're on CNN, then they go back to Fair and Balance Fox. By the way, I gotta get to the Al Franken book. Yes, you did. Huh? Red excerpts of that instead of the swelry book. Okay, that's not a bad idea. What's the name of the book? It does say Fair and Balance on the cover, but that's a lie. Why is? They must have been talking about Moe. I'm listening. I've got the lies. The lying wires who tell them or something like that. I see. At any rate, there are movement of monument and they just moved in. It weighs two tons and a head of movement and go through a big son and answer. This is a little bit like Alien. Yeah. I mean, won't last as long as Alien, but it's on the same level as the once again. The to all there is. Sorry. That's all right. They had the spoke. Here's Brian Kervelves. He's been doing that. As we get things worked out as far as the audio is concerned. We'll keep our eyes closed. And here's all these Getskees. All these board again lunatic sitting there and they're praying and they have their eyes closed. And they're going to be the love and the Lord just crazy people. That's America for it. This is the reason that we're going to shape that we're in. Your president is one of these lunatics. Your president. He's a fake or anyway. Well, he's fake in it. But in any rate, Moevers moved the controversial 10 commandments monument at the Alabama Judicial Building. And Chief Justice Roy Moore told reporters, that's what he said. Yeah, that's what he said. Workers inside the building moved rope lines surrounding the monument shortly after we'd a clock this morning. And they put this thing on like a on a dolly. Louis Armstrong was singing hello dolly in a background and they were a rolled it. They're rolling it. They're rolling a big fat one. And they got Getskees up there with their microphone and commandments in the rotunda of the state. Supreme Court is pretty clearly to every judge that's looked at an endorsement of Christianity. Right. And it's some constitutional. And that should be the end of it. But you got a bunch of religious fanatic Getskees like this. And that's America for it's very, very sad. I'm going to do two polls today. How do you like that? Just to piss off Moe. I'm listening. Because I know he's listening right now before his big trip to New Orleans. And we sure hope that he has a safe trip. Be safe, Moe. Be safe. Uh, this morning evidently, because I heard just a little bit of a down here. But I didn't realize his performance inside the building was a psychotic as it evidently was. Partly. Red in the face hyperventilating over to pull we took yesterday. And the amazing part of it, Moe, is that we had more people vote on the poll even why. And I said we wouldn't get a lot of votes. I mean we had 1200 and maybe four on whatever was. 976, that's more people than listen to Moe. And it sure. And it wasn't upset because of the fact that, wow, it's the first time I listened in four months. And if that's entertaining talking about dead people who used to be on the radio. But no, that's not what I've said. And all the fact was that I talked about Rick Weaver. And Mr. Weaver by the way, who's as you couldn't look with the longest tongue in a world mo, with John Holmes tongue and penis. He came in the strong second. So what I'm going to do is just out of fairness. I'm going to save the second mo bashing pool for a little bit later, for a little not too much later. Oh, we're going to take a preliminary mo bashing pool and maybe he'll turn out great. I'm listening. Because I know he's listening right now and his ego took a tremendous while up. Wait till I tell the Todd Dregs story about Moe. I'm letting it all hang out today. Huh? Good. No, I am. I'm holding nothing back. It's not a chaotic behavior. A man who is toast. He's like walking. Well, is it papyrus? What's the onion skin? You know I'm talking about what he's to write on papyrus? In ancient times, papyrus or onion skin, papyrus. Whatever that is, thin skin, man. A man who is humorless, a man who takes himself very seriously because he's got a drug and a ego. And he's an old funny daddy and everybody hates him like poison. And he refuses to accept it. It's not me. It's air-ray body. I'm listening. Well, good. Have a good time. I'm going to isolate yourself. Why do you listen? I hope you open up bloody wounds and sores like Ferrell said, especially in your back home. Anyway. So here's the preliminary public. Eric isn't ready for this. He's going to be, well, man, I'll sell that and be upset. Oh, a faxed. That'll make him ready for it. I have a ring and out. Oh, I'm just making him a pregnant man. No, I'm creating it. I see. No, no, because I know was the Rick Weaver references that really got him all bent out of shape and then he covers it up. Well, that was the worst show in my show has been to any day. The only problem is nobody listens to your show. That's the problem. Greg was just in here smoking about that. He knows. He knows. We'd like to just like they had the dolly to move that goddamn monument now. A bandman Montgomery just moments ago. We'd like to put you on a dolly and move your ass out of here. Mow. But they don't know how to get rid of you. That's the deal. That's the honesty in this truth. I'm listening. They'd like nothing better to move you to Alabama with a banjo on your knee or on your hairpiece. And by the way, next time, get up a little bit earlier and get that thing straight enough. Can you believe somebody that looks in the mirror and comes to work working like that? Well, it was messed up in the back to quote him. Yeah. And maybe he doesn't have one of those mirrors. You know, like the barber do you have a barber finish as you're here cutting holes up the mirror in the back to serve you a prove it away. He did hand-bearer. Right. Exactly. And he's a big hand one. It's, uh, it's talking to me the first pull right now. And Eric can, uh, you write it down. And you can maybe call him or not. Is he got it? Well, good at it on your hand. He's in touch with it. The pull is the greatest dolphins play by play voice of all time was. We did this once before long time ago. But we hadn't given Mo enough time yet. Now he can't picture about that. Uh, Rick Weaver. Bill's in for or Mo Howard David. And they will also put a choice on there. I don't listen to the dolphin games. Huh? And then we can put the mad dog on there. But he doesn't do the play by play. He'd win hands down because he's certainly the most popular of anybody ever connected with a game. But he doesn't do the play by play. We're the most the best dolphin play by play voice ever. You got it? Got it. Was Rick Weaver. Bill's in for or Mo Howard David. Or I don't listen to the dolphin games. And then we'll get into the real meat of the matter. Since he inspired me because uh... I'm listening. He listened for the first time to show yesterday for four hours and was just psychotic about how bad that pull was. And I told him about dead people. But how dare you do that? I better print it out. Then I printed out. Yeah, I did print it out. So not ira can change it anytime he wants. Twelve minutes after 10, I apologize profusely. Don't I? No. I'm just pretending him yesterday with the R. Pull. Up your ass. He need to sell your home fast. Fast cash home buyers buys houses fast hassle free. Fast cash home buyers buys houses in any condition location for any reason. You need to sell your house fast. Is your house need a new roof maybe flooring when the other repairs. Don't throw money when costly repairs. Do the smart thing called Rod today at 1-866-785 fast for no obligation to hassle free offer. At fast cash home buyers to help your software house problems. You have a vacant house. Maybe you're tired of dealing with a problem tenant. Are you going through a nasty or obnoxious divorce? Call fast cash home buyers. Maybe you're one to where three payments behind you inherited a property that you don't want you want to unload like Moe. Fast cash home buyers can help you call Rod today at 1-866-785 fast and let fast cash home buyers give you a peace of mind. Fast cash home buyers will buy your house today. You won't have to pay any real estate commissions either. Call Rod at 1-866-785 fast FAST for a hassle free offer. And let fast cash home buyers solve those house problems once and for all. 1-866-785 FAST. My and local. You're sports witty. 560-08. Finished with the sewer of his place. We'll be in action here. But he wants to play a brand to roll out. The terminating great Davis has become his number one goal now. And he's a leading candidate for the next season. The fall now. Our no bill brought Ron to the voters and gave us a way. Run to the voters and pick him. We'll be very new again on the grand day. We're real strats. We're feeding us. She's not your feed. And like his uncle and why. He's been accused of being a woman. I don't really know. I don't really. But unlike him, he is an excellent driver. Like a green hat. Just like a tarry. We'll run from Ron to the voters and give us a way. Run to the voters. Run to the voters and give us a way. What a suck up, duh. 10 17 at 560 WCA. Let's see. Here's a facts from. The name of the book by the way was Eliz and the lying liars who tell them. That's the name of the, Alfred can book. Which is number one amazon.com already. How do you like that? Thanks to Fox News and the assholes on there to give them all that free publicity. And then he had a drop at lawsuit with her tail with a raccoon tail between their legs. Okay, here we go. The pole is up the early pool. Now we're going to leave this up there till one. 11. What do you say? What do you think? What do you know? Won't need to leave it up that long. Oh, I look at little Jerry keeps right here. Jerry, I don't read your facts. You can't. Go back to typing him out. You got a better chance of my at least reading one or two words. Little Jerry, I don't read any your pool. Any your a facts is or your pool. If I don't think he's got a pool. Here's the pull result from yesterday. The one at Moa so upset about. We had 973 votes. We had then near a thousand votes. Now I'm going to tell you something. There's nobody here. There's nobody in this town. So I'm pretty pleased with that. I mean, you can see the results. You can track the number of people who are here based on a hits on our website. I'm serious. It's like a barometer of who's here and who's not. And it's looking to hit. Yeah. Those pictures of the beast should be up there. And there'll be a big hit. Quick. The pictures of the beast will be on our website. That's another reason to go to the website today. The roger's commas to see the beast with his raccoon cap on being like Moa Junior. I think I'm a urban kind of a younger shorter squatter. Better looking Mo. Well. Huh? Well, I'll lower at least. See, this is part of the problem. You've got to get up at three o'clock in the morning to do a show that's five to eight or three thirty one. You've got to get up at extra 15 minutes early to put the peace in place and glue it in. You know, paste it down real nice. Got time for that. That early in the morning. Somebody that's as vain as he is. He did not bat vain because he didn't take the time. He didn't take the time. He was in a big rush. He won't be doing that again because everybody in the building was talking about his Daniel Boone do the this morning and about how his peace was like flying off in all directions. It was like a musk right. It was like a musk right in a couldn't figure out which direction wanted to go in, you know? Or maybe he had like a family of coons on his head. That could have been it. But two headed possum. Maybe he's the one that put the coons on my roof a couple of days ago. Anyway, we got thirty votes on the first pool here. The best often played by play voice ever. Oh, and I sure hope you did. Because this will put him over the edge before his big trip to New Orleans. I don't want to do that. Do I? Yeah. Oh, look at that. I never even realized we hand this drop in. Molishes. It would be a malicious thing to do. I'm listening to all camps. Sorry. Thirty votes. The best often played by what play voice ever was. I'd listen to the often broadcast 12. Rick weaver 11. Bill's in for five. Mohawk David two. So far. Why are you trying to restrain yourself? I'll figure out who the second vote might have come from. Oh, muff was the first one and Mo was the second one. Mo probably got his laptop. He pulled out to the side of the road to vote. Because we know. I'm listening. He's listening. Even though he lies to his teeth. And was the first time I listened to that show. And for a must. He did a pull about dead people. Here's the results of the pull by the way, Mo. Because I know you're very concerned. I thought we had a good time with it yesterday. Sure. That's probably what bothered him. See what bugs you was that. People aren't interested in sports. Okay. See that's why for well as so much fun is he mixes a little bit of sports in every generally speaking it's with his craziness. This would just be in a nut case. And with big racks and big these and big packages. And would get in stone and stuff like that. That people care about as opposed to like a little bit of sports. Horses. Right. A lot of horses and slots that rational people care about as opposed to. Well, that little big baseball world series and that club tender would a great arm. All of a sudden the bullcraft nobody cares. It's boring. It's ponders. It's terminal. And your pop pop ass even guilty hates him like poison. Anyway, who was your favorite soft photo ready or TV personality who is now dead? And also unless the pissed him off as we didn't put him on there. Because he's very close to qualifying. When you think. Uh-huh. Micronary 164 one hands down. Nice going Mikey. And let me say it again. Micronary was a good guy. Yes he was. We enjoyed working with Rene. And Bob Green, you helped to kill him. You helped to put him in an agreement you're a grave. That's what his business does to people. That's why I keep telling all you young punk South data when I get into radio. Don't do it. Don't do it. You regret it. It's not stick. It's not a joke. I'm begging you. Especially if you look good. Get a real job. Huh? Get a real job. Honestly. I mean, some of us are, but very few. You know, they probably say, well, look at you. I mean, you sit there on your ass for hours a day and you're making a fortune. How many people have been as knock on? I'm knocking with both hands on wood. Right. In addition to which I've gone through the ringer man to get to where I am now. And you can tell by looking at me. Oh, is that what? I used to look pretty good till I got this business. Oh, man. Ringer marks. Exactly. And stretch marks. Rick Weaver 107. Very strong second for Mr. Weaver who's on top now with 30 votes. See, the people who are the real dolphin. Like for relis morning, I'm amazed that he said that. Can you believe that? He didn't know who Rick Weaver was. What? He's not from. He. You don't have to be. Am I from Pittsburgh? Do I know who Bob Prince was? I don't know. I don't know who my lalin was. I don't know who those people are. Am I from Detroit, although I did live there? Do I know who Ringer Harwell is? Am I from St. Louis or Chicago? Do I know Harry Care? Even you know Harry Carey? Oh, yeah. He almost does. Drulled on this. There you go. So I'm really a little bit, of course, it's a sports thing. If a rally isn't in sports. Plus probably Mr. Weaver had a small D. Let's see. Rick Weaver 107. Sunny Hers 96. Another good guy. When you said Rick Weaver, see, I didn't know Rick Weaver enough. In addition to which my feelings about Rick Weaver were somewhat tainted by Bill Calder because Bill was my best friend at that time. And Bill, I don't know. Why didn't he tell the person? He just thought that Rick was a real dick. Maybe he was. He used to think he was. He had a huge eagle. But I guess that goes with, I will say one thing. Yeah. For Zimfer of the three people, as much as I knew them or know them or whatever, Zimfer was the one guy that didn't have the big, the big eagle. Right? Just an answer. There we go. We slap happy guy. Didn't a nice workman like job. He and Mad Dog got along well. He didn't step on each other. He didn't in fringe on Mad Dog's ability to do the thing. Oh, right. You do his thing. Anyway, Sunny Hers 96. Glenn, the Bernie Hill had 88. How do you like that? Good for him. We're going to hell with you. Oh, there we go. And Bishop 85. Big Wilson 68. Ralph Redneck had 49. See these Johnny come late. He's been in a market for like five minutes. If you said Ralph, Renaker, who's that? David Bloom 41? What a tragedy. Good guy. Bill Carter 36. Great guy. Jack Cole 35. Dave Dixon 30. Kevin Kitchens 18. Robby Young 17. Alan Burke 16. Larry can't 15. Wayne Chandler 13. A wonderful guy. When a Georgia slave away. Lee Fowler and Mark Leathermech had 11. Jerry Wichner and Crazy Kramer each had 10. I don't think he'd have seen the two of them together. Glenn Winker 8. Jerry William 7. Charlie Baxter 6. I see I don't know who that was. You it was for kids, mostly creature features. Remember creature features on Channel 6 in the afternoon. Yeah, a unibrow. No. He was the goal with the unibrow. Right. Jim Dunlap 5 Ron Harrison 4 Claire Mosher 4. Richard Whitcom still spelled wrong, but less embarrassing. And Alan Courtney and Del Franky to had three Del Frank. May have been the greatest newsman. Whiver was in this market. He was professional. Bill Ross Alan Corbett Lee Gillette Dick Fennel. He's had a pair. Jim Harper and Presca Robinson won. He's a little bit more than five minutes. And Ron Hunter didn't have any. Maybe that's why blue is brains out. There's nobody like them. Oh, I shouldn't have said that because then Greg you Del might think about it. You know, they don't like you Greg. They hate you like poison. Everybody hates Greg you Del. Don't think. And of course. Huh? See people have taken all serious. It's just a radio show. That's all. Don't take me all up tight. Don't take this like the end of the world. It's just a radio show. That's all. But some people take it serious. I'm listening. Okay. Well, how you doing so far? Well, we're going to get that 83 quick votes on there. The best off and play by play voice ever ever. Rick, we were 35. I don't listen to it off in broadcast 26. Reaver 37 now. Just change. Bill's in for 24. Well, how are David? Four. I'm listening. Am I making that up? Look on your screen in there. What if I went to reload right now? It'll show me over. But you can anybody who can come in here to look. I'm not making a stuff. They can go online and sell and see it on the arrogors.com. Four. Let's see. His wife. His office. Errogant. Condescending. Yeah. The whole deal. They just see this is what happens. And this is the best part of his work. We'll be on a question. Even he agree with that. That's his best work. And they still don't like him because they dislike you so intensely. Because you're such an old heart ass. Even Clarence said that the beast is lightning up a little bit. He's not as much of a heart ass as he used to be. He's more like exactly like a soft ass and old softly. Now, seriously, I think you know something. If you keep rubbing with him. Is much humor is making about this. I think there may actually be something there. I think no, I think there's something. No, seriously, I think there's something there for the both of them. Because need a lot of them is never going to be laid with a female. Or like another human being. We saw it, you know. Maybe they don't care. So it's then against the world. Yes. Then against each other. They'll always have each other. Is that friction? Then against each other. 26 past 10 at 5. 60 WCOM. Do you have kids going back to school? Well, you do why not give them one of the comforts of home. A great new bed from dialometres. If you call 1-800 mattress, you can order a new mattress from dialometres. For your college student and send them up right. And that off campus apartment they're going to be hanging out and it's broken a lot of Dopein. When you call 1-800 mattress this week, ask about their low prices. On certain perfect sleepers, they're good option for students. Consumers rated certa perfect sleepers a best buy. And a dialometrist they're even a better buy. Special student deals on twins and fools and great prices on all sizes and comfort levels of certa betting. It doesn't matter where their college student is headed either. Whether they're staying in South Florida headed to Philly Boston, Yashiva, New York, Washington, Michigan State, where they're going. The betting experts at dialometres can make them feel like they're right at home. Get that certa bed now by dialing 1-800 mattress. You get service like you dream about from the delivery team right number 1 in the world and customer satisfaction. And when you call 1-800 mattress, don't forget it's a deal that you never heard of before in your life. You pick the day and time your delivery, any two are one of those convenient for you seven days a week from 8 an a.m. till 10 p.m. they'll be there on time and your kids will be sleeping well a very first night. With low prices same day delivery free setup and removal it's easy to see. White dollar mattress is ranked the best in customer satisfaction anywhere. And please remember that everybody gets a student discounted dialometrist too. So column right now 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTRES or check them on the way. If you like it, maclist.com. And low prices is 4-205-60. We'll chain moose. He cuckered television. He cuckered movies. Well sort of. And now he's cuckering the world of heavy metal. It's full wake all sings. Hussie. I. I. Boom. Yes America's favorite moose pays tribute to America's favorite reality TV dad. Ozzy Osborn in Bowwinkle sings Ozzy. featuring such handler banging classics as warm moose. Game will gather in the matter. To fight with you that like messy. Hmm. Both the dead of old writing. Get your dirty. When a classic cartoon character meets a classic rocker who's become a living cartoon, you get Bowwinkle sings Ozzy with songs it be cool to hear. Like, and time to stage. He by com but I need to gain. Bucky I'm coming home. And you'll want to come home with this CD. It's Bowwinkle sings Ozzy. And Bowwinkle sings Ozzy. And Bowwinkle sings Ozzy. And Bowwinkle sings Ozzy. Hmm. Get that old old way. Best of all. You don't need a permit to hunt down this collection. Make a moose called ear local record store and pick up a copy today. It's 1133 1233. It's 133 already. Let's go home. Boy, time flies when you have it a good time. We got American kids dying every day. And more now, I've died since May, for instance, the war was supposedly over the during the conflict. Almost 300 dead. We got India is all bad out of shape because of both of Indians died. Again, another terrorist deal in Indian Pakistan. Already said there's strokes again. Both of which had nooks. North Korea sends a message to South Korea. We're going to send them a message. And in meantime, and of course, we got a, and a literate grade Z movie actor running for Governor the largest state in the country. That's our smallest problem. And what is the news media worried about? They worried about the monument in Montgomery, Alabama in the state house. Smart event. Woooo! And they moved it. They've been moving it about the country. Posted commandments. Mm-hmm. My, my, my. So once again, that part about involving for collarby, where he shows the Canadians watching like the CBC and like real honest to goodness news. And then the Americans watching all this, if it bleeds, it leads hysteria. They're doing bloodshed. Right on the highway, and moving out in crazy religious nuts. Oh, look at that. There's, there's a thing from a Sue Gail in Canada who commands George Moore. Well, it's the port that bitch. Here's the fact that I can barely read that the ink. Not on our part either. It says Adam Stainins did play by play for North Miami High School, something. And I can't read the rest of it. Adam Stainins, whoever it is, Big superstar, we didn't realize it. Lifeguard. Okay. So what was the movie they said he was in? Some, come on get with it. For God. Well, you're just not keeping track of the impotent stuff. Mr. I'll see what that right now. You better get your ducks in order and a row. 144 votes on our first temporary pool. That's probably more than Mo has people listening for quarter hour. I'm listening. 152 votes now, like I said. Best of, see, here's the bottom line. Well, we're not programming to you. We're programming to the best. I know that comes to the great track. We're programming to the best audience out there in the game. We're not going to have a sense of humor and hate you like poison. That's who we're programming to. So the best idea is if you don't listen. I'm listening. Just like Joe Rose said, don't listen. Tune on like easy 101.5. Tune on some slush. Tune on KAT. Listen to a Bach and Beethoven through all the slush and nostalgic and have a good time. Get out of our face. Rick Weaver, the best off and play by play voice ever was. And that is the right answer. Rick Weaver, and I see you got to also keep in mind that Rick Weaver didn't do that. He has none of the games for like 10 or 11 years now. Even Clarence would admit that. The Rick Weaver was the best. See? Clarence says yes. That's right. And then he just say that. He raised his hand. I had you. Didn't you funny, baloney? You asked sucker. Man, I'm going to tell all the stories about you in the beast. If you look at it, he now he's attacking George. Oh, he must have been the beast. He must have put out last night. Now he's coming up on George from behind. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, woo. He said, he'll see the night at the ramrod. George would have been meant by that. Something about ramrod. Anyway, what was that just say before he came in and got me all thrown off the court. Something else right now about Rick Weaver. Well, that's right. Weaver didn't do the games for like 11 years ago. Cause then forget, would you listen to me? Forget about him. We're in the middle of a goddamn show. Forget about small because they was in your promo talk. What is that? I'll probably see a whole mo talk. I believe that. I believe that. So, Zimford did the games for nine years. And most than for like a year, this is his second season. So it's about 10 or 11 years since Mr. Weaver did logger. So, in spite of that, he's still number one with 57 votes. Zimford 44. I've always been an often broadcast 40, which is probably a lot of us who watch him on TV, no turn on the radio or just don't care on the other hand. And more Howard David did only 11 out of 152 votes. That's only 7.2%. Wow, if he were listening. I'd listen. That would just just burst his ego. You know, you, you, in fact, you could probably hear it on a highway. Huh? You could, you could smell it all the time. You go with the bag. Both. It's in the bag, Mo. I'm listening. You lie in sack of crap. I have it listened for four months. I turned it on for the first time. You call that a show. And he was evidently getting psychotic, apoplectic about it all over the place this morning. Maybe that was to die for detention from his, his slumping hairpiece and slumping ratings. Huh? Maybe he's just in a slump since he is sports oriented. 161 votes. Mr. Weaver's got 61. That's what I like to see. Real dolphin fans of it around more than five minutes. Shame on you, Mo. Shame on you. Plus they all know he's still rooting for the jets. Right. Celtics. Sure. Paints his face. Right. Paints his family attends the dolphin games in the stadium, no less in P.P. Part from AKA or Joe Ravi Stadium with green and white jets crap painted on their posts. Right. Pats. I wonder who Paints the green and white on his wife's posts. Anyway, we got a big day coming up today. We got 15,000 250 bucks as of yesterday for the best of Neil 2002 2003 campaign. Yeah. He's going to be in there. Just like it's fingerpains. At any rate, and today it's going to go away over that because today's our fur, when you calmed down, it wasn't that good. But your such a filthy perverted, the piece of crap. And you should have seen the look on Clemens's face when he was behind you there. He had, I can see the refueled man. He had a look of delight and anticipation, even Carly Simon. He never had anticipation like that. Everything on me has tightened up. Wow. I sure hope so, especially your back then. Wow. You should see the point. Man, he looked like he was ready to whip out the old KY. Or maybe maybe he was just making a trip to KY. Oh, there was a short bunch of mugwams from KY that drove down and took the extra number of hours to get down to Alabama, eight hours or whatever, to drive down among Germy so there could be there for the Lord. And for the 10 Commandments and all the sort of... Oh, you were just not out there. You don't understand it. You just don't get it. Or you just dumber than I thought you were. Believe it or whatever, crap you want. Believe the rest of us out. Okay. Taxpair dollars. We're not going to subsidize your fairy tales. Your superstitious, all your bull crab. You got it? No. Didn't think so. Never will. Anyway, what is about to say before you start getting a hyperventilating about you and Clarence? Well, he could like alternate. He could like do you like Monday, Wednesday and Friday, in the Beast Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. And on the 7th day, of course, we all rest. Best of the knee-alons sale today, the first of our van hits for the year. At Brandy Shoes, noon to two, the love in Miguel will be out there. Can we put that email that he sent me yesterday on the website too? That's beautiful. I show you Eric. I'll do it for you during the break. I can do it. All right. I can handle it. I know that comes to the great chalk to you, but I can actually... Oh, you know, you're old and, you know, people. It's like no fun. You're a well-known, very computer nimble. Just forward to to Eric. You'll play around. And it's a picture of a guy with an erection. No, no, seriously. It's a cute thing. And we'll forward an Erica-la-pop it on there. Somebody already. Yeah. It's a lesson to how to pitch a tent. Two of them, the one he was lying under in the one in his pants. Anyway, the best knee will be on sale at Brandy Shoes noon to two, the 12-90 North Federal Highway and Palmetobie between Atlantic and Copens roads. Oh, look at that. The choice to happen. I didn't realize Troy was going to be there. Wow. There, Troy can tell you about those horrible days he was in here this morning, Thomas. About those awful days when he was the dolphin running back and out of his sucks so bad. He'll autograph your boobs. He'll autograph anything you'll stick out. And there'll be free food from Atlantic City Substool where our good friend Ira makes the difference. And we'll have the best in the LCDs 2002-2003, the new ones were on Farton on Most Grave. You got the cassettes as well. Howard David, Mohour David Keychains. Happy point. You have the best in the L 2001, a limited supply of those left. And, and as a little bonus, we also have a few. Maydog Nad is teaching. We thought we were out, so this is a very special choice. This is a treasure trove that we've uncovered. We found a mystery hidden box in the Bavvon. We found a secret box and it wasn't Scrains we're talking about either. Well, it was dust covered. Was it moldy and musty and squashed? Were there all sorts of verments crawling around in it? Was it moist? What a thought. What was under the airpond? I don't want to hear no more about it. No more. I'm listening. So that will be known to two of Brandys. I'll just look for the QM fan in Miguel. And Troy Stratford. Look for Troy's shining a black ball spot. You can rub his head for a very small fee. VIPsportsbook.com is south-loaded as favorite sportsbook. They've been around here for years now. And of course, with football coming, this is the time of the year that all the sportsbooks start claiming that they're the biggest, the best to make misleading offers. By the way, I had the tremendous misfortune of running into Gary Surnar on my way out yesterday. And you know, the 99% of these bookies are located in the jungles of Costa Rica, but all was little girls down there. This year, move up and clash to VIPsportsbook.com. VIPsportsbook.com is the oldest, the biggest sportsbook in the Netherlands. First world integrity and English speaking, too. A rar! I'll still believe. 100% legal in licenses as well. VIPsportsbook.com is south-loaded as sportsbooks sign up for the NFL regular season. And you can bet all the south-loaded teams do free all year long. You want to bet on the dolphins? It's 100-100. Good luck to you. You want to bet the hercodes? It's 100-100. So forget about ever having a lay 110-100 on your home teams. And all preseason synapses are the 20% cash bonus, not some funny money match play bonus. We're talking about the best in the universe VIPsportsbook.com. And that's how you reach them online or can call them toll free at 1-866 VIP Betts. That's all number again. It's 1-866 VIP Betts, B-E-T-S for VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP. 9-5-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1 And it's really can put back all the settings that've been taken places against me! It's heaps full! Today is my life around here, my own inside the trash there! It'll take back all of us back to the trash everywhere, so let's just create a opening round… The better I wrap my bed and... What need for me to break your head off to the dark side? I'll jump on the Purple Door behind you... Oh... Jump on that쿠 card! Licking down! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! It's an all new British invasion with the mad dog, singing like a man. I like the action, I like it. The truth is finally out that Jim Manage was truly the fifth beat of it. I've been living, giving it love. Oh, they want us to live. I'll forgive them. And now your has to stay. You always say we say you're gonna be alive. I'm gonna be alive! Oh, right! Here's the bad dog's handroom, touching tribute to the king. Oh, right! Oh, right! The red, the blue, the blue, the blue. The mad dog was just a little ambivalent when we asked him if he wanted to do it again. Nah, I don't think so. So we had Lucifer Rossi panel with a little mist until he there is rain, Zori signature would wind up on the contract. That's kind of a big excuse, cute. Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! And it's safe. I'm gonna do a little now if you won't quickly. Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! I'm listening. It's 11-11. We had a natural here at 5-60WQM-Happy Wednesday, too. 277 votes on a poll so far. Let's get those phones going. What do you say? Don't answer them by the way. Oh, good. Why? No, well, there's screamless all this week because it's the very least that I can do. 277 votes, the best off and play by play voice ever on you. Just missed if you aren't watching CNN with people out there in the audience. You just missed Jack Quarkheimer. The stargather. She was on there with the on CNN with the worst piece. Even making mows here, piece look like real like Charles Alfieri. I'm over here. I have never seen nothing like that. Look at like you said, look like it fell out of the sky. Maybe it fell from above. It's the red planet. It was a red piece. Just fell on this horror camera's head. I didn't have time to like shove it back into place. Bad hair pieces man. Not a good idea. Another good reason to go see Chuck Alfieri. Which I see that spots coming up momentarily. Nice segue, Neil. Thank you. 277 votes on a poll. Rick weaver. The best off and play by play voice ever 78 votes. And when you consider the passage of time. Like I said, it's been like 11 seasons now since Mr. Weaver did it off in game. That's a great tribute to a once living legend. Yeah. Bill's in for 60. 60 votes for Bill's in for Abichano who voted one of the votes for him. Oh right. Yeah. I don't listen to Dolphin broadcast 57. And more Howard David 12. 5.7% out of 207 votes. And I realize these polls are very bad radio. It's a bad show. I apologize profusely for doing such bad radio for nearly 30 years in this time. But it's the best at a feeble old man like me can do. And I was saddled with George. What do you expect from us? So we're just in addition to what's speaking of that little gravel oven spick that he's always like picking on your ass and try to get you fired. And I am going to do an entire show about him today. Everything I talk about. No, seriously. It was the farthest thing for my mind until I got in the car this morning. He was ranting and raving about. I'll show on dead people yet. And then I come in here and find out that he was ballistic and right in the face about it and screaming and guilty and for all and everybody about that show. Rick the janitor. He was screaming at Rick the janitor because he thought that he was related to Rick weaver. Anybody named Rick he ain't too crazy about. I guess he don't like dick. Only 14 votes for the moment out of 213. That's sad. Now what was I just about to say that was so important. You were going to make me or something. Oh, no, no, no, no. Since I know of that. I'm listening. You're listening. Probably right there in your house in Boka which I have the address right here. Now we don't see we wouldn't stoop to that because we don't have to. What's the point? We keep it right here in the building. There's more than enough to go right now. But the fact that the matter is that like in the last trend and in the last book. Well, let's just take what the last trend because you were on more than I was in July. Beat him. And when you when you were scrapper rate what the for well probably didn't that morning, you know, they had a five and men we had a seven one. But when you consider that Mo had about a two and for a hundred eight probably, let's go. They moved him into the night otherwise. Listen to me. The point I'm trying to make and also last summer didn't you beat him last summer. Well, yeah, yes. So here's little George who takes so much crap from almost everybody out there. He sucks. He's boring. He talks about eating as too much. He's a global oven spack. All of these things. And it still beats the crap out of you, Mo. So what's what's the deal that we do such boring crap and the pull was in burressing and you're all flustered and full. The bottom line is you're all flustered because of the fact I talked about Rick Weaver. And the fact is that he was legendary. He was identified with the dolphins like from the inception of the team practic. Right. And right on the day that he hung up his job strap. That's correct. broadcast both years that often is one of the superbowl the the undefeated the phenomenal year. All of these things. I remember that. How do you like that? As opposed to a guy who comes in here with suspicious origins with the green and white they hated jets. And sucks up to people like the anxious mark the jet's fan. People like that. Oh, you see what I'm saying? So you've gone out of your way to see you ought to be ecstatic. You ought to be happy because he's worked overtime to turn everybody against them, which I guess he does everywhere that he lands. And he succeeded. And his book success is making everybody hate him like, and you've succeeded, all. I've gone baby. We all hate you like poison. And I'm if I would have realized that he wasn't going to be hit tomorrow and Friday because naturally he's got that big game in New Orleans tomorrow that lasted the exhibition's games. And you don't think that they're going to be able to get back here in time for him to be up Friday morning. Do we show do you? No. So I see that guilty is solo tomorrow and Friday, which means we'll have a real good time in here. Can you imagine how pleasant the environmental being is? I can come in like 730. Because even somebody, I don't want to get anybody in trouble, but somebody was saying to me a little while ago. How it's fun to come to work now. Now that we got for well in there. Sure. As opposed to before for well was here. And you know, it's coming during the same period of time and everybody's walking on eggshells and afraid to fart in the hallway. They get bitched down for it, you know. Now it's fun. We just huddled in our little rooms. Because now from 8 a.m. till midnight, we're kicking ass on QAM. They don't much think about it. Look at that. What time did we start this pool? What time did I get it up? Like 1015, 1015. So 40 minutes less than 40 minutes we have 229 votes. And this is just a preliminary pool, this ain't even the me to the matter, this ain't even the heavy duty. The best often played by play voice ever. 229 votes. It's just changing again. 233 vote. Mr. Weaver, Rick Weaver, 88. I'd also call him bro, I can't 67. Those in for 64. And more Howard David in 14. And even 6%. Is that embarrassing? Is that humiliating? Is that degrading? Is that just unbelievable? Don't forget, go out and see what's his name Troy Troy to boy the sackenon. And Miguel. I wonder if that picture's up on our website. I did email that successfully. The air by the way, I'll probably take my moment or two to get that on it. I'll check with him. It is cute. I mean, I'm not saying it's like earthshaking. It's not like a mole morphs into a celiac rose. Is that 80? I can't get back on me now. It's not quite that entertaining, but it is. It's amusing. It's instructions on how to pitch a 10. Even if only by accident, case you weren't in the voice outs. Exactly. 5.670560. I better take one call for WQAM. Hey, Miguel. Yes. Last week, when I was listening to the real Howard who went on to a major commercial, I flipped towards the other Howard. And this collar called up and was just telling him how wonderful he was. How great he was for standing up to Neil. Yeah. And I'm thinking myself, you got to be kidding me. I go to this guy. He's destroying this guy verbally. He did the Steve King. And you think that this guy's actually staying in up to Neil. And it was unbelievable. He was like, same while I'm from Brooklyn in New York. And coming across people like Neil is no big deal. Yeah. He's from Brooklyn. So what does that mean? What was that proof? I'm from Rochester. What's all that mean? I'm from Gettington. There are a whole lot of us and we know what he's perfect. Exactly. At least you're not from Buffalo. Thank God. Have a great day, pal. See, there you go. They all hate you, mode. It can't stand you. Even Wayne High Pingu despises you. He wishes that the ground that you far down would just crumble. I have that on very, very authoritative source. But I'm not going to mention no fat names. 10. 10. Hey, listen. We got a lot of fat people around here. 10. 10. 57 at 5. 60. But he came in. And I just did. I threw away. What am I doing here? I'm just going to say that. I'm just going to say that. I'm just going to say that. I'm just going to say that. I'm just going to say that. I'm just going to say that. I'm just going to say that. I'm just going to say that. I'm just going to say that. I'm just going to say that. I'm just going to say that. I'm just going to say that. I'm just going to say that. I'm just going to say that. I'm just going to say that. I'm just going to say that. I'm just going to say that. I'm just going to say that. I'm just going to say that. I'm just going to say that. I'm just going to say that. I'm just going to say that. I'm going to say that. Look at that. Look at that. They were laughing. They're ass off of you, Mo. I'm listening. Good. Don't come in here like that again. Your life, your ass out of the building. If you want to look great, I mean like it's really your hair instead of like some horrible animal just died of wicked death on top of your head like Miss Horkheimer. Here's the answer for you. My good friend Chuck Alphayory for more than 35 years. He's been making guys look their best and he can do the same for you. If you've got like a little bit of a ball. It's got or maybe like a big glaring empty. Like a big shiny mirror on top of your head. Whatever it is or something in between. Charlie can make it look like it's your real hair and that's the difference with an actual hairline system. It looks like it's grown out of your scalp. Not like some awful thing is called around on top of your posts. Right now is the perfect opportunity for you to give Charlie a try during these summer months because Charlie's offering you his summer special hair system for only 549 bucks for first time customers. If you already have a hair system you can say 50% on service and repair all kinds of hair system including shampoo and trim and just about always look better too. No dangerous drugs. No mossy looking piece. Just a great look ahead of here. And you have nothing to lose because Charlie gives you a 30 day guarantee. You wear the piece for 30 days. If after that time you're not getting laid at least 14-15 times a day. Return it for a full refund no questions asked whatsoever. So call Charlie today and change your life forever look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again call 1-800-3212413. 1-800-3212413 or check them on the web if you like a Charles Alphiary.com. 5-800-4212413. 10-800-3212413. 10-800-3212413. 10-800-3212413. 10-800-3212413. 10-800-3212413. 10-800-3212413. 10-800-3212413. 10-800-3212413. 10-800-3212413. 10-800-3212413. 10-800-3212413. 10-800-3212413. 10-800-3212413. 10-800-32113. 10-800-32113. 10-800-32113. 10-800-32113. 10-800-32113. 10-800-32134111113. 10-800-42113. 10-800-423. 10-800-42213. 10-800-32113. 10-800- been one year since then. 10-800-700-600. 10-800-700. 10-800-921 14. 10-800- ağing. 10-800-2513. 10-800-73113. 10-800-WNISFORK 10-800-15. 12-800-WANUNSIN. 10-800-800- awar party. 10-800-618. 10-800-2213 totany. 10-800-cakes. 10-800-600- będą, handful. 17-800-618. 10-800-15. And she knows you want to shop at Pairbath in Beyonce Remember you can't say bad bad to Beyonce on this you Say my name say my name She's a survivor. She's not gonna give up until you say it Not the case. And bad fast F. B. L. C 11 or three L. Pascha one add well, I wish they would just go away, you know what? Look at that 272 votes on our preliminary pool on our little four-play pool Two hot nearly 300 votes in considerably less than an hour How do you like that? Moe The best often played by playboys ever was Rick weaver 106 Don't listen to the often broadcast 82 Bill's in for 69 and more Howard David 15 5.5% out of 272 15 They're just voting that way because you talk bad about it Someone's on our head because when we bitch about her Right Right No chance No chance Okay, here's the arrest of the poll. We'll get rid of that thing because it's pretty obvious Mr. Weaver wins him for a second They don't I mean dead last they were only four categories, you know It should have been too hard when there only been three people who'd done the dolphin games over the years It should be kind of difficult to come in worse than third But he came in fourth And I mean a distant fourth even 69 votes for Bill's in for but only 15 for more Howard David They don't vote because I tell him how many times they die. Oh, say you yeah Whatever they vote they vote. They feel it They emoted here's the real poll now. Let's get to it Eric and oh and by the way, we speak in America. Nice job Eric as usual lately If you go to New Rogers that lately Well, well lately he's been a good boy. Okay. He's learned his lesson. He is doing a good great job First of all, there's that then. What is that called? What never dream in public? Oh, yeah, because we don't have the caption on it, but that's okay Never dream in public and there's the guy there pitch in the tent And then there's a picture of yours truly in the sports studio They're in for else studio place him at lovely piece on the beast head a piece on the beast crowding the king Crowning the queen and there he is in all of its glory the beast with that dead musk rath on his head with a big smile on his post photography by George That's a beautiful thing That's a lovely thing 5605050 560 let's talk a lot about that monument Alabama showy or not That's all they're talking about on see it That's all they know Birchie council which represents over 5300 clergy across the nation evangelical Catholic and orthodox Will announce it in news conference today. They'll do that. Well, there's that asshole the Reverend Pat Mahoney That Mr. Ego has on all the time from a forelaw to deal from the Christian defense coalition Are we on so squishy oh he really yeah a preacher sounding squishy that would be like a pre-th sounding squishy I think you're just making me just trying to deflect again. Hey Clarence knows he was right up on your ass W to Q a M hello good morning when is the S Which is both those people right when we pray is the dolphin announcers yes? I mean I like I Rick grew on me we were we he I wasn't a big fan of his because let's face it He had a bit of an ego but yeah a big ego he's funny right out of his jack strap He knew his stuff but There was one guy before him who I really used to like and he's not mentioned here Solving up openings I know Bob Gallagher But you see a new director jail for all right for director All right And he was one the dolphin got bombed one night and he said that you know warm up the team bus They're gonna guess for him personally a football team I love that and then remember Joe Crogan Yeah from channel transport. Yeah. He did this off again for a year too. I think but by far weaver and Goldberg Excellent just excellent stuff I know that you guys are you you praise the The retired tight ends on the station a lot they're okay, but the The Robert problem with athlete who Leaves sports they go into broadcasting and then they slam the media all the time Yeah, and I was gonna say you know if you're gonna check for a media company you can you're part of the media But of course Mad dogs I get the check For the media company right now sure. Yes, but once you're real wild why the Well he threatens the server with April when it threatens to follow suit Well, you know why you're usually do move mountains in that way I got a better contract than he's got huh better contract probably better lawyer too. Yeah, not sure about that. Okay, I have a great day pali See Abel sends us this long. This must be that professional is really or whoever this is In the Middle East and Islamic world what vital interest are there for which we should risk a wrong piece in security or And Israel we are told israel looks after Israel first and Americans must start looking out for America first Is Abel so it's not some professional. I don't know. I mean they're just all crazy There is one sentence in here that's right dozens of Jewish children have been massacred at pizza parlor's night comes in on buses and Hundreds of Palestinian children are shot to death and thousand wounded And that's right. I say I say a hubmen dreared There's nothing saying Spain hubmen dreared buffin ghoulah They say Ireland keep our money keep our people yeah Well, what does he do one of those joints have oil nope now? You know this bull crap about well, let's the last democracy in the middle. I say let's just get that a lot of there It's a lost cause and all this crap their road map for peace and then bushes on they're saying well, you know the Rack attack was was a vital part of the war on terrorism if he means creating more tears And then he's right yeah, because then it worked like a charm was vital and right I mean you know the American public is gonna stop being quite so stupid when he watched this crap on CNN And he watched this obsession with his jackass right wing born again Bible thumping asshole in Montgomery, Alabama And the fuss they're making about that which you've come as no surprise because we know all we know all we need to know about religious fanatics Yeah, we need and every time there's any kind of a story where they can find some kind of an angle here's Jerry fall well Here's Pat Robertson here's some other getsky on here. How can a Chinawood bull crap? Okay, what what they'll think I have to do with keep your nose out of American life because if you're religious If you're a groupies if you're gizkies if they want to follow you and subsidize you that's up to them But leave the rest of us alone and quick coming on there pretending to attack it's just like the Pope The Pope tell them us to do this and not to do that and getting her having nervous breakdown about game marriages What that was it his goddamn business what they're doing in Canada or in Netherlands or any other goddamn place He's the Pope yeah, well right Stones had a few more people in the ham although they did have a jug in a gathering that's scary when he was in Toronto Remember that yeah, I have to have a minute in getchies Young people I guess they were just try to check out the latest fashions from Italy It was Johnny for such you couldn't make it that day. He wasn't feeling he was ill and Final total here before we get the or haven't even given the other pool. I see him killing time Well, it's almost an hour that we had the pool on 290. Oh, I'd like to get some more votes to get to an even 300 an hour I would be good not record breaking, but damn me or almost alien type Especially with nobody in town, well, we're still kicking ass. I'd like that because you ain't no Mr. Weaver I wonder where I'm always right now. He is and on clear straight right now 293 votes the best off and played by and we probably should have put Joe Crowden and Bob what was his name Parker Gallagher should have let nobody remembers them and it's a long time ago They were there briefly. They're not really identified Chris Mosul they've been here briefly too not briefly enough Rick we were 111 Don't listen to the often broadcast 88 bills in for 76 more Howard David 18 6.1 percent lame week really week desperate. Wouldn't you say embarrassing? Well, some people might say that humiliating and degrading no forget Because I gotta tell that Todd Drix story about email I'm in suspense about the hostile email just because Todd made a you know comment about it hostile email that doesn't have anything to do with me. No, oh, okay Not that I know of although you might have been the back of his mind. I'm sure you're always at the very least in the back of his mind that Grave loving spick it's 11 past 11 at 5 60 WQM if your carpets have guava on them But they might they might have guava. They might have like watermelon droppings. They might have watermelon seed They might have like Who knows those kind of like fennel seeds? If you're like you know flicking them all around anyway Whatever the deal is if your carpets need to be cleaned here's the answer for an especially right now during these last part of the dog days of summer Dry concepts that see answer what a stupid-ish job they do for you just like they've done in my house for over 20 years when I came home this past weekend It's the first time I've been in the house and said dry concepts was there a couple weeks ago and man just like always No dog residue no reminders of my dearly departed dog No crap just beautiful carpets that look just like brand new and smell lemony fresh It's a pleasure when you do business with these folks and especially because there's no scams No games no rip off. They give you a written guaranteed price up front before they even start doing the job of dry concepts They dry clean your carpets are the only people in the world who be doing it and now dry concepts are For you a chance to say 15% on your next carpet cleaning just call them tool free at 1 800 2 4 8 5 7 1 has to be put on their stand by list and then dry concepts will call you next time They got an opening in their schedule just like when you fly stand by if you're available when they have an opening They'll knock 15% off the regular price so not one you get a great job But you save some extra cash to so call dry concepts today has to be put on their stand by list They might even have an opening for you the day that you call you'll still get that 15% off the regular price of the job For a great look in brand new carpeting and a postory and rips and furniture all of these things These are the folks you wanted to business with because they're the best dry concepts Colliment 1 800 2 4 8 5 7 1 2 4 8 5 7 1 or check them on the web at dry concepts.com Start liking the candles. I'm listening. There's no power today And we are getting tired of it new york new york Earth these electrical grids Our way out of Dave Get someone to rewire it New york new york I don't want to wake up in a city with no AC And find my food has all spoiled Can't watch TV These big blackout blues Hey Two men reportedly shot at Chicago factory until they fix what's wrong with it In old New york If it can Happened here if can happen anywhere What will they do New york New york Okay, and you know why this is going on, no tune. That's the American fucking way two people reportedly shot There's this standoff gunman reportedly standoff of the authorities in a plant in Chicago And are showing it now, but at least we're not showing at monument no more. Have that do we have the tape of that at least to show we don't have the tape of ready But we were saying where our producers were watching all of them. No, but we do have that old tape of Kirby Puckett said they Happened well three on Harris. You know he's a little bit of a problem on here running from inside this building still even know which building this is This is great. They've got the camera crew there They're picking up the feet from WLSTV in Chicago and The CNN puts it out of didn't even know where it is what it is all you know what's a plant in Chicago somewhere Not sure as you say which building is it? Yeah I love it Can it and I did a fine markings or logos anywhere on the buildings or on the vehicles there and once again that these people are if you're seeing here in the same folks We can't tell you for sure if these were employees that you see here in the other words. They know nothing Well, at least they're consistent Okay, here's the new pool which is already up there and I see we got some votes Why don't you listen to the more Howard David it's show? He's effing boring. He's a pompous old ass his Muscad is on two tight I don't give a Schmidt about sports or I do listen. He's great. Huh? Did I cover all the bases there by he's on tourally? Get out of here. I think he's on a little bit too late It is life. I think maybe 3 30 to 4 30 the AM would be sensational Like a nice hour break for joy mark then they can come back and And I think they'd have a good crossover with Scott Scott for real six to see that's that's the talking ability here Is how we're gonna get for well on her six to 10 right and I think the only way is to pay the queer across the old fart off and get him out of here Don't you yeah, or let the break fluid out of his wig Maybe that's what happened this morning Maybe the beast secretly maybe let the break fluid out of the muscad and it couldn't slime on a brace when I got the neckline So far we already got a few votes the thing went up there served viciously very quietly without any notice But we got 15 votes. Why don't you listen to the most Howard David at show five day a day I'm on highly rated WQA in the rest of the day et cetera He's a pompous old ass 10 He's effing boring for his Muscad's on two tight one, but not turn up this morning Don't give a Schmidt about sports none and I do listen. He's great so far the big no No, won't keep our eye on CNN for the latest and breaking what number is MSNBC on here and also can anybody tell me how long Are they been not carrying I'm a sin of morning? I see I do get MSNBC in Toronto on my digital cable since 1963 they have been carrying I'mus back when he was a child when he was 40 Oh look at this they're not even doing that no Copies celebrity justice the 19 year old broadhead the hand his hand print on her neck Right somebody is squeezing your hard enough that you have your hand print on the now. Yeah. I don't want to like in dead port poor Kobe You know after you're flying crap about that there are a lot of sex moves But I don't know too many that involve choking you remember the guy in New York who got convicted for strangling for raping that girl The real good looking young guy who now is quite not so good looking in that so yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, the parf the auto And the parf the auto we're running. Yeah, yeah, sure. Yeah Right What a shame I'm not talking that she died because he looked so good, you know He did he was a good looking guy But that just goes to go. It's a good lesson for all you people out there just got somebody looks good don't trust them You know Don't take him home and do all kinds of wild stuff with him and trust him You know, I mean when you're done just make sure they leave real quick Huh Huh or make sure you got a piece under the I like the guy and then blowing for connoisse Which one equals brother there? Terrenical over the same nickels has the 44 magnum under his pillow Sure another day wouldn't let the camera in there, but the Michael Moore went in there and shown off there was Is it loaded? Oh, yeah, oh, that's the point that having a gun you might as well have a hammer if you're not gonna load a gun. Oh, they're gonna have a hammer Didn't it The hammer was under the other pillow Anyway, how's that pull come we're gonna get a lot of response on this and again I'm it's not that I'm like piling on here It's just that this guy is so obsessed with me and went so ballistic this morning Not just on the air, but also off the air from all reports Even carrots was astonished and how redden the pussy mo was this morning He said that the last time he saw a post that red was the beast 567. Oh, 560 But that's your opens up ball kinds of avenues doesn't it wow Man oh Here's a horrible story somebody just thanks you'll like it One of your piling on stories priest is accused of serving alcohol to minus oh speaking of booze now I don't want to say any particular player's name on the dolphins But there seem to be a lot of rumors going around town that somebody who keeps getting injured like thumb injuries and his out for a month Like set a pop every now and then I mean Yeah, everybody likes a good soda pop No one in and that interesting how they call it pop Where I'm from and also went to Ronald slide in the in a pizza joints. It's his slice and a pop Do it West also fucking a hand is to call a pop and here of course It's soda because of the New York influence because the New Yorkers if you said pop in the York made pop you real guy have a pop right in the post In the city, but enough state New York is pop All the course that short for soda pop that's also like we're illiterate around in soda That's short for soda pop. I see to me soda is an ice cream soda. We've been through this before about 100 times But to me a soda is an ice cream soda right club soda No, the order drink you have a this and a soda Scotch and soda Yeah, your club soda is in Scotch and soda, but if you say soda period Haha there he goes again picking on the old man Poppy A Roman Catholic priest in Pittsburgh was charged today with involuntary manslaughter in the death of a drunken pit football player who fell See how he liked that drunken football player Who fell through a church ceiling after a cookout of which the priest was accused of serving alcohol to underage drinkers? Now I'm here all kinds of stories about Brian greasy and I think it's disgraceful I'm not sure if the stories are disgraceful or if he is but nevertheless The Reverend Henry Crochet reside last month as pastor Saint Maximilian Colby parish in suburban homestead. That's Pennsylvania Billy Gaines and 19-year-old sophomore died about oh my goodness died about 20 hours after falling June 18th at St. Anne church, which is part of Crochet's parish Crochet was charged with six counts of furnishing booze to miners One kind of reckless endangerment and one kind of involuntary manslaughter Authorities say Gaines teammate David Abdul no relation to Paula was exploring a crawl space in the church ceiling with gains Who fell through and smacked his head on a church pew? The crawl space was about 30 feet above the church sanctuary church officials in Pittsburgh have refused to say where Crochet is staying Is attorney David Sir Coney did not immediately return a call for comment? Gaines a wide receiver in kick returner from items. I jamsville, Maryland. Are you ready for that? I jamsville. I jam as I jamsville, Maryland and I have to go with St. I jam it. That's what Clarence said When I asked him about the beast He says when you get that opening what he do he said I jam it Gaines wide receiver in kick returner from I jamsville, Maryland and I have to go with St. temporarily in St. Anne church because of fire destroyed their apartment police investigated why the players were boozed despite being under 21 and our top C. Show Gaines blood alcohol content was 0.16% higher than the states of the Illuminant of 0.1% for adult drivers in other words he's a little bit Trocicated here's another good book for as somebody faxes big lies by Joe Connison who's a great columnist Also co-wrote the hunting of the president about what the right wingers did to Bubba which I had that book and try to have him ready yet Got a lot of books that I got a read yet Including that new uh, what is it called again liar liar handsome fight back about third liar 30 lie in liar it's called lies and the lying liar's who tell him by al Franken get grab it squeeze it 26 past eleven no lies from my good friends your creator when Tom Layman at hell of Pontiac they give you only the straight poop man Including right now the 2003 Neil deal blowout sale. Let's go on on as I speak here's how it works Neil deal number one They give you 0% financing for 60 months on every single 2003 potty echo GMC and start you know I it's so much bacon this morning Then I have like a flaming ass right now. I really do if you were to call me a flaming asshole I'd say you know you got a point. I'm serious. I just I mean you saw how much was in there That could have fed like an army Quit doing that. We did we love you how is but quit over feeding you maniacs Neil deal number two get up to a $4,000 rebent and every 2003 GMC and potty heck in stock and all you current and former military personnel Get an additional $750 rebate from all your close personal buddies and hell it you can still buy a 2003 potty ex son fired an unbeatable price of only 11,998 or a full size CR for just 15,998 Hurry and now because inventories are limited and at hell it you can still this is amazing test drive any vehicle on the lot For 24 hours take it home take it to work bring it here to QAm and turn it over to us And of course hell us also got a great selection of dependable pre-owned car's truck'sness UVs and it's have been taught you for a very very long time for a coupons age now If you have maybe marginal credit a couple of blemishes on your credit report like George it's still You don't have any blemishes? They maybe not on your credit report but after that French kiss from Clarence this morning There's a big one on your neck. Oh on your ass Anyway, if you're credit's marginal it's not a problem because it's how they want to make you deal and they will How a potty at GMC you'll find them in the same great location. They've been doing a great for 35 plus years now 134.1 septic sea highway that's US one across in the falls open every day seven days a week If you want more info on those kneel deals call the kneel deal hotline tool free one triple eight five three four forty two eleven That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven don't forget all kneel deals Subject credit approval. See our good close personal buddies in hell if we're all the tails and how let potty GMC where they are professional grade . I just arrived I'm coming California Free Show I'm free show I'm free collection day Swords and nigger, oh I'm so nigger, oh He doesn't self turn the day I'm so turn the day And I'm afraid that he'll hustle there I'm hustle, hustle, hustle I'm like the two of us Laces to the lay And we're Gary Comin' Gary Comin' We're almost fit on your plate Almost fit on your plate California Free Show I'm free show Guess so we're the lecture say Things on looking down I'm so lucky in that What a golden state What a golden state I got to a seven I'm so nervous I'm the shyness of the things I've had I would book from the ground I'm so afraid that he'll push him To take him To tell today California Free Show California Free Show It's such a freaking state My gosh, that's a good one 26, 10, 10, and 5, 60 WKWM, look at that schedule We got Joe rose in today Oh, look at, he's another rush-mint-desturber This is a little dog Joe Ross for the Mad Dog who of course is on his way to New Orleans for the ballgame Then it's for a look at this we got the Humber back today Thank you so I'm from Vegas another tough assignment for Hank 4 to 6 30 other tough 2 and a half hour show that it in fact It's not even that you want it a why why because of the ballgame being on the Marwood It's kind of like a Friday before a Sunday So we got the day before that show five to six on tape So Hank's on For an hour and then for like a half hour after the once that show nice going up or I love it What a scam him and the dealer and from the best in fact mad dog told me when it was in here the other day and Monday He said I learned from the master less work more pay and they're doing a hell of a job of it Then you got Marlins on deck at 6 30 Marlins who've lost 6 out of 7 but miraculously are still tied with the fillies who are who lose every day For the wildcard at the moment, but Arizona's on it. They got like seven teams that would in two games for wildcard Marlins at the pirates tonight 705 after the Marlins on deck Eddie K follows the baseball game Joe and Mark overnight now you almost only forget something very important today Hey, don't forget cuz people are always saying oh, all you do is rip and riddle fat rich reminds me of my mother It was about fat rich. Yeah, well you didn't tell me to remind you to say it on the air That's when I was talking about I said don't let me forget. I want to mention it on here know because He deserves credit it'll inspire him and he deserves it I mean, you know about 20 or 30 near about 30 near death meat our experiences may have inspired him But nevertheless better late than ever right better late than dead. He's lost 120 pounds So I'm a competent last night for the summer casting my friend Derek had the larynchitis or a flu summit So he stayed like thanks for staying away Derek here great guy. We love you, but you know, no, he did he was considering enough He didn't want to give us whatever he's got especially me. I don't want before I have a trip in him getting a hell out of here Yeah, wouldn't it be something to come down here and get sick again? That would be that would be bad wrong that would be bad Especially been so usants have been so healthy except last time was here had that little stroke From being with arctic and being fat and he inspired me fat rich last night That that's inspirational. He really looks good slim looks for him. He looks great He needs to get like like maybe one size smaller shirt We're too big. No, he still wear no same pup tents and it looks kind of like ludicrous and pull him up the pantaloon He's but us fat people were used to pull in our pants up, you know Huh, they have suspenders though. Oh, I see Nice call where to keep it up. He looked great Jason and sunrise facts is mean article from the news insider.org about The message behind the blast you and I was hit for reason already had that on our website that maybe not exactly the same article But we hit it on there Also Jason says the people in Alabama wouldn't careful is the Korean instead of the 10 commandments and Jason you are So really correct first that because they don't care from the core ran They don't care from the Mormon Joseph Smith and his 14 tablets take to and call me in a morning They don't care about that stuff All they care about is the Christian Bible the 10 commandments and the Christ name and yeah all the other crap, you know In tolerant guy and that's the biggest problem in America today Stupid people and intolerant guy and that's our pool for tomorrow. That's a good pool. Huh? I mean, well, we did that thing about what bugs you the most on Monday, but I think this is what the America's biggest problem There you go George W. Bush Stupid stupid stupid idiotic people Exactly evil to wish evil to wish intolerant religious assholes We got a whole man don't let me forget a great don't let me forget all right. You won't like this facts though Whatever although I don't like the fact either cut. I am so sick and tired of people who keep asking me about this It's stupid Hello Neil welcome back it says we'd like to know if the battle between you and Moe is sick or not. Oh, yeah I am hard of that There's no stick. Okay. The only stick is I say to him They're sticking up your ass. I don't do an appearance without three people asking me that no there is no Stick and then spite of the fact remember that time he was trying to like suck up For whatever reason because he was looking for an ally when Joe Rose started to unleash unloading on him So he thought he would turn to me as an ally you're turning the wrong way. Well, maybe that's why that piece is drooping Forget about it. I mean ordinarily I'm not the kind of person that holds a grudge but in his case I'll make an exception because there's so much crap that he pulled Starting with try to get your ass fired and then of course all the crap that he pulled on me and this show and everything else It's unconscionable not to mention the other people in there that he between Carolyn and the beast and in you name it right on down the line right The man is just pulled off too much crap. He's alienated everybody but including the sales people including Todd Drek You know that sexual harassment that the corporate meeting that you had last week or whenever it had a while Week or two ago Yeah last week so he goes in there It wasn't a meeting you were at because you were on the air so you went to the second one But they preliminary meeting with Greg Reed supervising which I still think some music and Anyway, he goes in there and Todd says damn hey, Moa something about you know, Moa this mode Well needless to say he don't care for that I forget to rest of what Todd said something I'm using something that nobody would pay any attention to so low and behold the meeting ends Moa drives home to Boca and within moments of his arrival in the house There is an email pops up on Todd Rex email Todd Drek do we have some kind of a problem is there something I've done to offend you is there do we have you know a whole defenses psychotic email pops up over or nothing from him From Moe He deals people he calls the hotline calls the hotline he emails people Right See my best suggestion. I do you know you play a lot of golf which is for people who are bored to tears get a life Find a hobby take up Moa's wrong take up a part cheesy Shuffleboard would be great. It's good exercise. It's probably more exercise than at them golf You could have just turned around and said you talking to me asshole. I'll take you outside and you something's a Todd Todd comes up to his knee right you could have just taken right a stepped on him take him you got a stepped on him could have hit it with his bag That's the team that you're missing the point it was all over nothing right But you know somebody says something to you that you don't like like why like a Hey, Faggot. Yeah. I'm sorry. I mean five say that's me. That's my name. Don't worry about hey, Nelly. Hey, no, you know something You don't call me that. Hey asshole. You know you you just tell him right now I don't have any problem with any of things. You just said right, but just the for example You just say it right there. It's like hey, asshole. Don't you know you'll call me that. No. We'll call you something. You know make something up Anyway, this fast says Go San Jose and glad that I had that exchange with you right there. It says If not how does management love those great picks of law on a website management has no control over our website management I'll say that my I can't say much for them. They got nothing new with our website And please replace George would sons your share would double or more. It's not personal. It's certainly business It says somebody again pick it on you even though you kicked ass in an angeline in the summer book And even though such wouldn't be in the building if it worked for my efforts and even though such as much as I love him He can't do the show alone When Rick would be out sick there was a tape there was no reconcerto. He's a good sidekick. He can't do the show alone For some bizarre reason Which we've never been able to figure out. I asked them about that and he said they just wouldn't let him so the Theory is you could fill in all these blanks. No is No, that's something to do with it. Why? Maybe Rick has a Oh, there he goes again picking on my close personal friend Rick Riley. That's not that's a lie. Oh my god This is what they're gonna do with us possible Now I don't believe that he just doesn't He doesn't have the presence to do a show alone. You know what I'm saying? I don't know how to explain it to but I just thought his thing hurt him to a show. Yes, okay. I didn't he I don't know I don't want to pick on such he's listening right now. He's a good guy. Love such but it's just not not his bag I'm listening. See he's even the imitating your Mona 18 till noon at 560 WQM on our great Wednesday man. It's phenomenal. We got the mad dog in the snow We don't we got the mad dog in a way to New Orleans We got Dave Higgins who took the call that day that prompted your roast to go ballistic on the air Yeah, that fake call that never happened Maybe we may be a suds fake and most boys here. You know listen. I'm listening. She suds does a good mo 18 till noon at QA and by now I am positive that he heard me talk a lot about lamina's aros and how lamina needed Would flooring from lamina's aros is the easy to smart the low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring and that natural wood flooring is so expensive by the way lamina's aros is the best place to find lamina native wood flooring at affordable prices from the top names in a business Pirate or a pergo will soon aren't uniform quits that they got them all all the top names all installed by pergo certified in Stomors here's another reason why I'd be calling lamina's aros their prices will floor you Right now you can get there some are special for just 1995 bucks. Let me say it again just 1995 bucks gets you up to 180 square feet of beautiful lamina wood flooring. It is positively unreal and lamina's aros will match any legitimate Redan offer to for a free and home estimate with positively no obligation call lamina's aros toll free 1 877 777 3336 what could be easier they give you free carpet disposal fee furniture moving at 25 year warranty and years and years A beautiful easy care lamina wood flooring call lamina's aros toll free until that old that old asshole Neal for the call won't bother me call 1 877 777. That nasty old faggy authority to call 1 877 777 777 3336 Ted She said she said, as they both were in fact, on the outside she's lucky and wasn't shining Can't keep it in his hands Can't keep it in his hands Then day in people come froh, he won the best of love, but no changes are all No more more she could she, no more more she's but she, unless it's just a little she Now go be knows, he's got a good lawyer to be the chili I owe he's through His wife won't say a thing, with a feel I'll get rain on he's through Coming to still noon at 5.60. Nobody came here's a fact from Dennis, no not that Dennis but like another Dennis a good guy Says hi guys, just head of my brand new P4302 gig custom built computer And I said you were sight as my home page, excellent, but I can't listen live can't vote can't buy a CD All saved page cannot be displayed if Carlos or someone can tell me Hey Dennis, you got a nice sense of humor Carlos ain't here no more won't hear him no more I'll can tell you what my internet settings for my tools menu ought to be out of appreciate they'll also have a visa Read it by the new CD what do we do? It's tells like a problem with his internet service provider to me he needs help with this tool Please help me if you call me I'll personally give my credit card number to purchase the CD No, what we should do is give him a Miguel's number what do we what do I do with that? Do I be having it? You got it three oh five wait I'm a 305 six five oh six five oh one five six Oh one five six I should be right in the town here 305 six five oh one five six just call Miguel direct leave a message If he's busy servicing Dorine and leave a message in there and they'll get back to your Dennis and he'll arrange it for it As far as the internet thing is concerned, it's probably something in his settings He's got a brand new computer he needs to set it up right because it's his I can't vote no more And that's bad because a lot of people want to vote on no more What else is that drop it? Oh, so here's the results so far I'm there second pool nine interesting he's doing a little bit better on this pool that he was on a fact quite a bit better down to play by play Which everybody thought was his strong suit You know the one with the lemon green pants and lime mode jacket 144 votes why don't you listen to the more Howard David at your on Q a him he's a poppies old ass 58 He's acting boring 40 I don't give a Schmidt about sports 22. I do listen. He's great 15 10.4 percent Wow, woo, we man and His muskrats on two tight nine out of 144 Now out of those 15 I do listen. He's great. How many of those do you think he probably voted himself? Okay, well, I mean I'm sure he's up there in poker right now listening even though we claim to be no listen to this show and lies through his teeth about it I mean I just how can you possibly go through your entire life being having to lie about even little tiny things and make it a big deal I it just a man and search of a life like bother what's the person and well exactly what's the option it's called being obsessed. I've assessed So anyway good luck Dennis and thanks for doing your thing for us now. We got something very important come up at noon What are you looking like that for? I'm looned a two today. We got our advantage. Oh, that's right. What's picking ahead? So anyway the guy in Chicago Was shot he's still alive and the part I like is he's in custody, but they don't know whether the cops shot him or shot himself But he's still alive. So in other words if he shot himself, he's a bad aim. You know if like shot himself in the foot Probably not a good idea And he shot a couple of people inside the factory and the weather their dead are alive They still haven't bothered telling us yet and that's it and now we on Harris goes on other stories because it wasn't It was just a couple of shootings in America is no big deal small potatoes disgruntled Disgruntled the employee So the best a meal goes on sale that's our first band hit of 2003. Excellent Oh, that's right Miguel won't be there when he calls because he's out on the band hit right now. That's figures So call and leave a message and I'm sure Miguel would get back to post haste fronto The best of you goes on sale that a and Brandy shoes in fact I don't know where David was although I think he was in date County. Maybe he wants to drive up to Brandy's why not I mean, I don't know whatever it is. Noon the two just moments away. There it in fact I'm sure they're probably there right now. Not only Miguel, but also the lovely Troy Stranger to let you rub his ballspot for a very minimal fee 1290 North Federal Highway in Palmano Beach, you'll see the Qm Van right there at Brandy's that's between Atlantic and Copens roads Troy Strattords there, they lovely Miguel is there free food from Atlantic City subs If you're really nice to Miguel if you whisper in his ear, he'll let you like take a look at it And of course we got all kinds of stuff in the end of penalty here for the abandoned pet rescue all ghost maturity The best in the old 2002 2003 CDs which are just sent a single leading You got him and now also on cassette you got the Howard David keychain and how we David did He chains and then you got the a few limited supply left so grab model or hot today is a good time to go out and get them What else you're gonna do not much the best of meal 2001 a limited supply those and That's also on CD and cassette and Jim and it's Teaching if you have both you could do your own dolphins broadcast. That's correct. You could do That was great always It's a suck by this. It's a little muffled. I wanted to clarify the mad dog did say suck not that you have to suck I just want to clarify that because Greg and Duffy very nervous in it say My ass yeah, oh always word. I better quit right now So that's a good idea get one of each get the more Howard David in the mad dog and you can't talk to each other My favorite is when Moses No, that's wrong when Moses Yeah, that's my favorite Okay, so that gets us up today go out there and pick up a bunch of crap Boy, I'm telling you this is what what's going on here today with what would this show almost it's like almost noon already And then we got our big gigantic one to two hour that you tried to talk me out of the other day, which never does that again Oh, don't be doing that no more That was a bad bad idea Cut there there's just nobody here don't look at me. I mean, it's nothing I can do about it There ain't nobody in town. I know and you know the I was thinking last night driving home from the track I feel so bad for those of you are forced to be here around you know you're around Because if the traffic is as much of a nightmare as it is now like this morning was very heavy duty coming to work If it's like this now when there's really basically nobody here right What's it going to be like in November, December like in January, February? Well, what's it going to be like then? It's like tap but look on the bright side. Yes, we're in Broward Yeah, but we come to work in date right across already. Just get a way Hey, well, I guess you don't have to go on 595 Listen, I don't a candle drive go down that you live down there No, I know but sometimes I'm talking like Amelia down there sometimes And it's just it's nightmare. She can't get there Well, it's probably a good thing unless you go into a halaponiac then it's a good idea to get down it She ought to stuck that in there so time later. It's a happy. Yeah, I want to keep everybody happy Why don't you listen to the more Howard David to chose our poll question today on the arraju's calm where we have the fantastic picture the beast and his new do it's a lovely thing and me sticking it and And the other beautiful picture of a guy who looks like he's ready to stick it and almost anything Mohara David at poppice old ass 61 he's having boring 46. I don't give a Schmidt about sports 27. I do listen. He's great 16 10% his muskrats on two tight another 10 So so far considering everything unequal he's not doing that bad when you say right considering who we're talking about WQAM Yeah, where's it that I can get those key chains Working you get him today. Yeah at Brande's where's that 1290 North federal highway poppin debates between the Latin and Copens Between now and two o'clock Is that like a bar or something a restaurant now brande's the shoe store But after you have to pick up the CD you can hit the local bars as plenty more round Try to try to strad for the lights around so then all right. Thanks a lot. Okay. Have a good life Now let's see are we doing we don't have a lot all right because I'm not really sure what's going on here No, we don't know. Oh, in fact we got one of these repeats. Well, I don't know cuz I'm getting so far ahead of myself I keep like throwing the pages of log in a in the aschmit can You don't know I'm saying no what it's not important for you It's important for me that I get all this stuff lined up over here I'm not I'm not really painted off a lot of attention. That's all right. No, but I mean I get I get paid the same with the right pay a lot of attention or like not at all I prefer to latter Mark Morgan is the 12-to-one hour on Q-8M I Know We as nuclear program are either progressing nicely. We're that more US soldiers killed in Falugia and Iraq every day. They're dying through dying over there and A public is whoa whoa whoa whoa what time's American idol on it's worth it. Oh, it is sure How's that pull coming by the way there? No calls were doing screenless now and just because I haven't taken any long time Doesn't mean that these people ought to be slacking off. We got this whole hour here to kill Then we got our gigantic big one to two hour you people better get with it. What is line nine away But on here yet today. He'll be on briefly WQM chronic line Okay, well, that wasn't even him. I don't care Okay, listen if you call me online nine you're gonna get hung up on right away It's just it's just the way it is First of all local people should be using that number anyway. How do you know he was local? He's on a ton. I didn't he sounded so well Come back okay, sir. If you really are a real real person, but I doubt it like I said don't bother No, that's only a chronic line. It's for that one shivers. It calls day after day that one day He's Chris one day although I will say this. He stopped faxing Yeah, now no now that I said that you know the facts will be over within 30 seconds I didn't say spinning the wheel. I said faxing it's same so Huh Look at that. That was a good home and receiver that's excellent. It's probably with him WQAM Not bad WQAM QAM Jo Angel how you doing Jo? Giants having a big year nice going Hey, I know you're selling the the more in managed key change at Brandy's but is anyway you can get on like on the computer or something on the internet right right on our website Neo Rogers.com any I L ROG ERS Neo Rogers.com Okay, because you guys never come down far wide live and homestead now we wouldn't go home no way We're not coming down there. Yeah, well in it. You know why? Yeah, I know too many bad drugs It's too tempting for George. Yeah, okay. Well, that's all I needed. Thanks a lot, Pally. Thank you See you really had good drugs at home said when I live there that's what I'm saying too much good crap down there and by the way For else talk about crack-hours. Okay crack-hole everything's a crack-hole crack-hole crack-hole. No, that was the clearance talking about that Whole crack. Yeah, he said he loves the whole crack 567. Oh 560 and in fact he found a way you noticed that his door is usually a jar so to speak Now one morning I came in early when I was here back in the wintertime and I caught him like humping the door jam WQAM hello Yeah, yeah, sir. Yeah, this is Dennis who I sent the back to a little bit ago. Oh hi Dennis. Hi Adjee said I was trying to call out that I was one of the way you didn't answer I guess you thought I was the Declanity guy Yeah, I must have been it. I'm so I keep coming up on that thing there I can't even vote for A for Mo that he's a nasty cry kiss So be for nasty chronic S.O.B. Well, we didn't get that one on there, but that's an excellent choice Well, like people used to do when he used to do his own thing The first one was always A Could I give you my credit card and order a CD? No, no call that number I gave you Dennis if you don't grow No, no, no, here's the number again. Yeah, let's go. Oh No, he was just he was just repeating the phone number, but I thought he was given a credit card number That's not yeah, so I cut him off immediately. Okay Well, I don't want to go again is credit card number any year Although if you want to go into the office, you're I could have a good time with it I can order a bunch of airline tickets to all kinds of good stuff call back Dennis. I'd like to a buy some stuff No, the number to call is 305 650 O156 you'll get Miguel's voice mail and leave him a nice friendly message Don't get too friendly because he's very suspicious 305 650 O156 come on Dennis call him up leave a message and just keep it on a business level Here's the facts from Gerard who says My family and I sent oh wow look at that Woo, we man way to hear this George you strapped in And then my family and I Send back our filled out arbitron books last Thursday They called a week early instead I was randomly chosen they asked me and in order to my questions on the phone I was happy to answer them for my time this 702 dollar speech diary we filled out God are running all I can sing is Thanks, you're right How do you like that we love to rock oh tremendously So we hope your arms got a whole bunch of people in his family too 560560 pound 560 on a year 18 in addition to which I don't think he's gonna be putting any molest in down on it Because it sounded like he said Something like that I could have been wrong, but I would have sworn he said that how is that pull coming now? I'm sure he's looking at he's doing good Why don't you listen to the more Howard David and show on QM? We're asking today 201 votes he's a poppizzle last 76 he's effing boring 56 I don't give a Schmidt about sports 34. I do listen. He's great 22 10.9% How do you like that he is moving up there? Can you see him at home reloading and reloading and his gun? Yeah His musk rats on to tight 13 6.4% out 200 votes Please he's doing a little bit better. I mean if he really handle him percent of the audience he might have something Right right a tooth Don't in other words, let's see if we have a 10-year-in-men Which will do better than the fall but if we had a 10-year 11% of that would be like a little over a one like a 1.1 right right that's about right 5.2 sounds good to me for For our watch his name for well and mo combined that's like an 113 here one one and a 10-2 WQAM hello Yes sir Hey, I think you forgot somebody on your desk rock after the lift okay The lady DJ I can't remember her name on a patty Marie Yeah, patty Marie. Yeah, sorry about that. In fact George actually mentioned her be before we started and we forgot Yeah, yeah, she was great. I love she was good. She had a big following too Yeah, yeah Anyway, welcome back. Thanks a lot, pal. All right Neil have a good one. You too. Yeah, how could you leave patty Marie off there? You aren't much faster. What I remember about patty Marie is that they put her plaque The plaque with her name on it on the GTR van. Yeah, I'm okay Or they changed the format sold the van and through the plaque in the garbage They threw the plaque in the garbage? Yes Now was this one Bob Green was there or Mike Disney Disney? Ah Well, he's a real bastard anyway that Disney I don't think it was the station that threw the plaque away. They just sold the van to uh, you know to have it Not and I don't think so Look at that. I don't think that thing is even in here That's more opinion to what we says that's my opinion. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. I don't think it's even in here That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. It just plain by osmosis. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney Even though you know, I mean just goes to show you boys and girls nothing is perfect Nothing is perfect. Now at IOD we had a good time. It's very good. We had good people over there We had Reneri we had Rick and Pud we had the Phil Henry for a while when he used to be a good guy. Are you sure and we had uh, you know Randy Red and the all hot female news staff and in a course big to prove nothing was perfect. We had Joey Reynolds Right Dave Grayblin And now why would you pick on David Grayblin? I thought he was there enough weekend. I thought he was our friend now Then why you knocking and why are you lumping him with Joey Reynolds? I want to lump him in there I was just name of the weekend people and what about the asshole from Palm Beach that worked the nights for about five minutes To keep sparkle sure with his really bad comb of oh boy. He was bad He's through the listen to Rush tape. So my point being that IOD was you know it was a good time yeah yet was but here We're all making more money yeah right sure especially me. I know And it's not such a good We have a really it wasn't a good time till for well got here Right right that's a party he helped us turn to court now. It's a party baby party In fact radio we're bringing bared Time Cox There is the definitive party animal right there He's gonna bring in some of the good stuff probably Brian Grecia will come in with him And we'll have a hell of a party. I'll tell you Be great you go into a for else next And while you'll go you'll go to anything if the food in the booth is free depends on where Where is it tomorrow? I just haven't have another big bash tomorrow. I haven't a thing. I think that's what he said I'll be at Osfast sorry Thank you will be a bit what? Osfast As fast not to see Ozzy will be before the Ozzy show this time Corn disturbed Marilyn Manson are good friend Marilyn Manson they're gonna take him to a marlin game I here is gonna bite the head off of a bat 11 past noon at 5.60 WQM if you need to set your home fast fast cash home buyer is buys houses fast Castle free fast cash home buyers buys houses in any condition location for any reason You need to set your house fast does your house need a new roof flooring any other repairs Well, please don't throw money away and costly repairs stop and call rod today toll free 1 866 785 fast for an obligation to hassle for your offer at fast cash home buyers to help you solve your house problems If you have a vacant house maybe you're tired of dealing with a problem tenant or maybe you're going through a really messy divorce like they all are Call fast cash home buyers or maybe you're one two or three payments behind and here to the property Wanted dump you can't stand call fast cash home buyers because they can help you out call rod tool free at 1 866 785 fast and let fast cash home buyers give you peace of mind fast cash home buyers will buy your house to Then you won't have to pay any real estate commissions either you'll save a shrimp load a cash call rod at 1 866 785 fast that's FAST for a hassle for your offer and let fast cash home buyers solve those house problems This is Hortsadiophy 60 Boss This is your box that's in whose update was aren'ts hear every right Good evening The by has been is Today that the center-day inspectors put on her open to all registered MO Heights to be processed for appropriate work einfach assignments that has been approved by our father Corann, the in prison. Women with a press that has a bait up our life. As me, Mr. Kusai, all vessels must be removed, additionally, and even a national need of motion will be a beating with a lawyer and, of course, to stand outside for a week. Would the law be to record President Bush in his own against terrorism? Polish. The report is President Bush will be attending the several morning briefing of the West Constitution. And will be signed at ELA Police Security in the law as soon as the light has his re-built. After last months, the devastating al-Qaeda attack. The verdict of the report for President Bush is to do it more against terrorism. And I will. This has been a box not to news update. Box not to news. Stay comfortable and leave the thinking do us. 15 at 5. 16. WQM, or we don't do anything, which is why we're so popular. We are can relate to the American public. Speaking of that, so Rami was on her. I saw a couple of days ago. He was making a speech to the VFW bar to those cross-de-old veterans. He was a veteran who had a bunch of administration. But anyway. He's up there to give him the usual warm welcome and a planting. He put up not his right hand because that would have been even worse. But he put up his left hand. And obviously it was like to wave hello. But the image was really scary. You know, if he would have had the little mustache. Man. One click reverses that picture. One click of the boots. 5. 5. 6. Maybe he lied to us. Maybe he's a crook. Maybe all these fascists that he put in there. hold over from the Reagan fascist era, maybe these people are so great after all. And maybe the fact that all these kids are dying over there really are dying for nothing, they all based on a lie. Maybe it's not such a good idea. Look, like somebody I know used to say about Steering the Hornets Nest and you were right, which you know, that was a good way to put it. That's what we did. Back in the Hornets Nest, all of a sudden all kinds of people are dying all over the place. And then this thing about the space shuttle, about the Columbia. This is, this is, this is again part of the same syndrome. We stayed in the obvious. We knew months and months and months ago about the piece of plastic, the foam and the oil and about the fact that they left them up there to die. Right. And that it was a more human sacrifice, just like the school teacher in that crowd, the back, the challenger. We knew that. Remember that that was the, that was the, oh. Rings back then the cool weather. Crystal McCullum. The O rings. They never knew that there was going to be a problem because the weather was too cold. They should never send them up there. It's called the American government in NASA, sacrifice human lives and just, you know, it's like a craft shoe. Well, maybe it'll be okay. And if so, we can like say, hey, look at that. We'll all be out there waving the flag again. 300. $31. In 50 minutes. That's not bad. Not bad at all. Are there people there? Yes. All right. Now, let me plug the hell out of this too, because that one to two hour naturally, we can't play a lot of crap. But McGowan, Troy, Streffen, I want to see us get a thousand dollars today. Don't you think we can? We started with 15,250 for a band in Perverezcu as of yesterday. And I realize we've got, we've got really as long as we want. And I still say, and nobody is taking me up on this, but I may have to handle it myself this week before I leave. The Ferrell Keychain will be a reality. All right. I mean, what's, for example, I'm going to kick his ass and then I'll steal his two pay. Right. We can have him do custom drops. Whoa, here we go. What's with her with her? Yeah. Those people are evil. Or what about? I was especially like when we were talking about screwing. Says online. Right. And water pipe, sir. That's my favorite. Yeah. And then speaking of screwing. Yes. What? Ha ha ha. Thanks to your cool. Uh huh. So there you go. And he'll do some custom stuff. Sure. But afterwards and S words. Oh, yeah. That's right. We can do that on the keychain. Of course. Then now just be careful. Plainos on the air. Presbytee were luck. Yeah. It's fun luck. The wrong ones will pop up after a long time. Just like that kid that was dreaming in that tent. Yeah. Oops. My bad. And by the way, speaking of that picture, I was very impressed. So anyway, don't forget the QM fan is at Brandeys from now to a clock to south noon. It's our first band hit of this use campaign. Yeah, realize we're got a limited crowd out there. Nothing we can do about that. And I'm not, I'm not not getting anybody. That's just the nature of this town. You know me, I always say if you can afford to get out of here for a while for a week, a month of the rest of your life, more power to you. I'd never criticize you for that. Because that's my game plan. I gave plan. Is when it down, get the hell out. Did this? I don't know. And people will say the same thing. Oh, is Neil just joking about that? Uh, I don't understand. How many times do I have to say the same thing like about Moe? No, not for 30, before they get it. If I've told them once, I've told them about 30 man. Times that this place is the end of the universe. It's a place for old dying people and the rest of the people who can't get out of here. Like you. George had much rather been North Carolina. So question. Up on the anywhere. I'd hope aanhand will candid up. Canada, a, sounds good to me. Progressive Canada, they used to be so damn backwards. And I was just, they just left this country in the lurch. They left them behind. And the best part of it is for us Americans is the Canadian dollar. Even I made a bit of a comeback. It's only about 70 cents now. What's 62 last summer? It's still only about 70. Now if we could just tilt the earth a little more so that some sun would shine there, what's it to do? Well, how about all the people living in New York and Boston and Chicago and Detroit? Same thing. Go on. But I'm saying, there are a hell of a lot more people living up north than there are in the south. Yeah. Unless, of course, you include California. I mean, there are a lot of the California's got Zillion people. How many million California? About 30 man. Oh, seriously, they got a lot of people. I mean, they might have a damn near the population. I think they got 18 million. No, it's more than that. That's a lot. It's a lot. But other than that, you take the big northern cities and people tolerate the weather. You dress for it. Whether it's not everything. I'm not saying that I want to be in the middle of like the worst blizzards in January and February when it's really brutal all you never know though. You ever know. I guess you don't have to shovel snow. No, I sure don't. Living in an apartment. No, I do not. I put on my rubbers. Right. And my ghoulashes. And my muff. It's just not that bad. You dress for it. People survive it. I know it's amazing. Oh, yeah. In addition, which, you know, there's the 10,000 people who just died in France. They didn't drive from the cold and the snow on the ice. They died because it was too guy damn hot. Policies. No, they died because they like suffocated because there was no AC and because they're a bunch of cheap Frenchmen. Apparently. I see that's the thing. I mean, if I'm going to knock you up there would be the one thing I would really not. AC is not such a bad idea. There are two things to take it use a lot more of. No, number one is air conditioning. And number two is the odorant. And if you're not going to get more air conditioning, then definitely hike up the odorant. There's a mix. What? No, they no deodorant. Exactly. That's my point. They go together. They go hand in gland. Because when you're sitting like, oh, and I don't want to think of it. For what? I want to shake of it. I want to think of some of those trips on the train when I had the apartment in Amsterdam. Woo, we man. I mean, ripe. Right. And then there's those people who just, you know, you show them a bar soap and they run the other direction they're afraid they're going to drop it or something. They win in find my body. Oh, they're a safe. I think it's evil. Oh, no thanks. It's this smell of a man. So anyway, well, I like that. From my nottle to a clogged brand, all the brands of which smudged your talking about. Not most smell. Woo. He leaves that behind. Brandy is a 1290 North Federal Highway Public Beach. The van is there right now with the choice, dropper and McGill. That's between Atlantic and Copens Rose. Brandy shoes. Which is shoes to please. And all the proceeds from our best in the Elfingo to a band and pet rescue. And what they got is our news, our CDs and cassettes, the Mohower David of Keychains. Right. And he might be there too. And a limited supplies left of the best in the Elf 2000 and one was ending. Realized we had those. We fought a treasure trove evidently somewhere. We got those best in the Elf CDs and a Jim Mandage Keychains. When we ran out of those, at least when we thought we ran out of them. We were wailing, tearing, and smashing, pouring ashes on their heads. Oh, I love those. They had a salad fast. Yeah, you ought to be by one of each. You can have Mo and Eddog talking back and back as side by each. Back and forth. 560, 50560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. Joe Rose sits in the day. He'll be ripping Mo and asking. Be sure about that. 242 votes. Why don't you listen to the Mohower David at Joe Rosekin? 91 of you said he's a pop-as-ass. He's effing boring. 70 of you said that. I don't give a Schmidt about sports 40. I do listen to he's great. 26, 10.7%. That's better than I expected. He's a musk rat, you know, his musk rat is on too tight. Oh, he does say. It says he's musk rat is on too tight. No, Eric, it's his musk rat is on too tight. Not he's. Did I write that? Or did Eric just screw up again? I'm sure it's Eric's band. Come on, Eric, it with his musk rat. Not he's musk rat is on too tight. Jesus, are you a little bit or what Eric? Get with it. You know, for a pompous fact guy that talks such a good game. Now, because that Eric or Mo, that we're talking about. But Eric has done a spectacular job since we as Schmidt can. That little, a, beiner turd burger that you had in here. That little professional puddle of trouble rub it in. And now here this morning, for Rellis still making a carlowe. So this guy quit talking about carlowe's for Rell. I mean, you can do whatever it had you want. But that's just my strong suggestion. It would be a good idea. Maybe he could hire him back to produce that shit. And while he keeps talking about dumping the beast, I think they fit in like a glove up your ass. I think they fit in perfect. I think we are a great match. Well, we just want everybody to know. And I'm sure it's I'll put up a thousand dollars to build that statue for Scott for Rell. Just what we were, we were, seriously, we were for Rell. Yeah, we had basically given up any hope of ever getting back tended to of ever being able to come in here in a morning or even just start to show in a morning, whether or not by long distance and have everybody in a good mood, we had given up all these things. And then long came for Rell. Right. And of course, clearance and Greg, we just, I mean, they, they, they were using them like a human wishbone each one had a hold of one leg. You know what I'm saying? That's how that's how that's how that's how that's how that's how that's how much they were obsessed with for Rell. Now, of course, Greg loves him, but when he was in earlier Greg reads says to me, he said, I don't want to tell tales, but he said, he worries me a little some time. You know, good. I said, yeah, he worries me a little bit too, but he's great. That is good, the fact that he worries him because it means he's like right on the edge, you're maybe a little bit over the edge or maybe like way over it, whatever. And I'm afraid. He's very afraid. Yeah. I mean, if you're going to have great success, you're also going to have to have a few shrilles over a two Greg, I'm sure that one of trying to think, how much what you used that we have in like a executive positions in this place. I was going to say somebody's name that he made. And that he balanced Jewish. That's where I want my thinking. You can tell about Maddie Bell by the smell, but he's swell and you ought to go to hell. But seriously, he's he's Jewish. Yeah, he's the. So we can explain what you can. He's a great. He can give him a few. 27 past noon as five, 60 WQM speak on his film keys. She's in a raid. I was coming. I don't know who she is either. She's a young lady who works here. She's heavy set. I should know who she is, but she works over like on the other side. Maybe she works at power. And she was telling me she lost 88 pounds on the ackeens. You know what I'm talking about? No, very nice. But anyway, a lot of people are on the ackeens. And you wonder why because for many, many people at works, it's a great way to lose weight. It's delicious. You need all kinds of stuff. The only problem with it is can be very one dimensional and really boring, which you was complaining about that too. So if you want a bunch of other great things that will help you stay on the straight narrow path, keep you on your ackeens or the low carb diet. The story ought to be sharpened as the Delights of West Booker because it's entirely dedicated to you to ackeens diners out there. They've got over 900 low carb and sugar fee products in this one fantastic store and they're getting new ones in all the time. Like the new low carb instant cup of soup, all you do is add water to it, pop it into microwave. It's a low carb meal on a cup and forward deedly. This is flavors. Be sure and check out the Synthling Delicious low carb muffins for a quick breakfast. They have your own individual size cheesecake, a little one. They got duties low carb peanut brittle, unbelievably delicious. Carber right-rated drink chocolate and vanilla shakes their low carb meals in a can. They add last talk of crisp and chocolate min bars. This is like heaven scent because these have no malt at all. So you won't have to worry about spending all day in the can. And they've got almond snack case, bunnies and six different flavors. All kinds of good things waiting for you like low carb hot cocoa apple cider, blondies, brownies and no forget the great selection of low carb pasta sauces, dressings, chip toughets in their world famous carbolite ice cream to you can try anything of a stir before you buy it. And all the atkins brands products are on sale all day every day at the lights. They're open daily tend to tango find them on the northeast corner of blades and 441 right next to Boston Market. Call them toll free at 1-877 low carb or shop them on a web at low carb.com. The lights of West Boca make no mistake abuded. It's your official atkins retail set. Six years 해서 L' yours it was. There was in No Farber ville, Don and Iran. He said in the middle, just **** came his fist and some boys who were down by the brick, they're feeding the water, their hands on their marbles andlay things and Aunt입a sborn. Their Game of Young lady, she looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass, she pulled up her dress and she showed them her rumbles and leases and white rubbed feet done. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin. While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling, refueled and lit her from yesterday's hunt. While the girl in the middle was rubbing her eyes at the fellow, down by the dock. In the black-up man with a size of a home in the country with a big fence out front. If he asked her phone, like least she'd show him her little bet-dog who was subject to fits. And maybe she'd land him, wrap hold over small tender hands with a movement so quick. And then she'd bend over and suck out his candy so tasty made of butter, scotch. And then he'd spread whipped cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf. If you think this is dirty, you can go f*** yourself. 26 to 1 at 5.60 WQAAM, the home of the mad dog who's on a way to a New Orleans. Now he loves a place like New Orleans, that's his kind of joint. I personally do not like New Orleans in any way shape or manner. It is filthy and scot-task. And I still don't understand. Although, I realize what the comeback would be. You can go and get drunk anywhere. I mean, this business is about keywashed and New Orleans. You can get drunk anywhere. You have a great time and get plastered. Yeah, but how many other drugs people are there? Where? Wherever you happen to be getting drunk at. You mean up the block? 5 to 3, man. No, seriously. But then it would be people would say, well, why do you go to Amsterdam? People are going to have sex anywhere they want. People are going to go to Amsterdam for sex and drugs, stuff like that. I mean, I shame on them. But I guess maybe that's a good point. But perhaps it isn't as readily available. It's not as erotic or exotic or all of these things. You know, the quantity. Quantity of what? Drugs are sex, both. Yes. Just a whole different ambiance. Just a different aroma and atmosphere of food. You know? Just like here in America, everything has got to be like, oh, it's like unclean and uptight and, you know. It's, it's no wonder people are so stressed out here. See, that's another thing about living in the Toronto part of the time. That's not fat boys. It's not. See, all I did was see the shirt. I didn't even see any other part. I knew it was that fat turd. What do you want? Well, by the way, I got my panthered tickets. My season tickets yesterday. No parking passes. See, I'm glad he came in there for a moment. Well, seriously, what kind of crap is that? They're trying to get season ticket holders. I get my package yesterday. My big package. And no parking passes. Now, what was I just saying before that? That was a hell of a lot more important until I saw it. I was just saying, I'm not going to be pressing it American. And it is because people are uptight, right? Life is so much less stressful in Canada. Much less so. Even with the stars in the blackout, in spite of all of these things, it's still more laid back and less stressful. It's less stressful in places that have less of whatever we have indoor plumbing. Convenient stores, pizza delivery. And we're going to find indoor plumbing in Canada. Yeah. Yeah. I was visiting. Well, I'm sure. I mean, I wouldn't let you in any part where they had like indoor plumbing. Oh, they let everybody in. Not no mole. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Meals, is you? Sounds like me. How you doing? Welcome back. Thanks so much. I just wanted to get a phone number. How I get all the CDs. 305. Uh, 650. Uh, oh, 156. Okay, we take all plastic a lot. Oh, yeah, whatever you got. Library card. Library card. Library card. Good. Oh, thank you. Thanks, Pally. Thank you. Yeah, so you can't, uh, they got, uh, they wouldn't let you in because they already got their quote of heteros already. So they wouldn't let you in now. We like homo, homo. WQAM. Hello. Retired. Oh, there he is. But not too good today. You have to have the rasp. Retired. That was him. Oh, I heard that was it. Now you have to have the rasp. Oh, I heard that was it. Now you have to have the rasp. How are David? Toma. Elme out. So what I find again, they're not finger. They're Jim. Man. Oh, it went to dump that. Not what? Spend it. Okay. I don't know what Kelly said. Absolutely. Speaking of English, okay. Talk at a talk. Walk at a walk. Why don't you listen to the more Howard David to show. We asked. He's a pompous old ass in 97. He's setting boring 82. I just changed again. I hate that. Pompos old ass 98. Fingbor 82. Don't give a Schmidt about sports 50. I do listen. He's great. 29.4% his muskrats on 2.18 out of 277. 277. 277 and we had what before 303 on the dolphin broadcast. That's 580. It's 12, not even 1240. So even under his nobody in town. He can knock our poles all he wants that dotting stupid old ass fool. He can run around here making a clown out of himself. What is muskrats? What is David's dangle boon? A thing. Wave it in a breeze. I was going to say David Crocker. What is it? David boon and Daniel Crocker. Or Betty Crocker. And what is Betty Crocker hairpiece? Wave it in a breeze. Whatever. At least we're in this week. Why does he? Why does he? He just puts on such a show in here and everybody's talking about him. Right. And he'd be like, is in denial. I like all know everybody loves me. It's that goddamn pipe smoker and I've got a wild, a loving spick. Right. And he turned everybody. Yeah, we turned everybody against him all. Anybody believe that? No. No, no. W-W-I-M-Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Great to have you back. Huh? Hey, there's a real interesting article on today's Fun Sentinel website. It's pretty funny. Mom refuses to pay mail stripper for poultry performance. Hmm. You know, once he didn't live up to our expectations? Yeah, yeah. I came up a little short. Uh-huh. They actually assaulted this guy. Some people went to the emergency room. Other people went to jail. Are you serious? Yes. Where what? Where did this happen? Wheeling, Illinois. Oh, wow. Yeah. Fun Sentinel's website. It's pretty funny. But it's great to have you back. And please don't hang that. Other pool holes does not put up unconscious numbers. Yeah. We does put up unconscionable numbers. I see. Thank you, sir. And when your name's there, be sure and stop at conscious dreams. You'll like it. I'll see you there. Okay. In fact, there's that there's an interesting little Italian restaurant. It's called San, what is it called? San, St. Thomas. I know it doesn't sound Italian. Well, they have a state in Argentinian steakhouse. And they also have an Italian right next door. Which is pretty good. Okay. And you can sit in there and try to in restaurant. And of course, you're people watching here. But it's walking up and down the rudive gasoline. The warm or warm or stovat. And across the way is the conscious dreams. Please. When they have they have seeds and mushrooms and shrimps and herb and stuff. Conscious dreams. Well, you could bring some spores back. No, I could not. Spores. I'm not going to jail for you. Okay. Especially with all the crap you get down here. You don't need any help for me. Here we are doing a show in the middle of a little Jamaica, man. In the middle of a crack capital USA. And this guy's worried about my brain. You some crack crack crack crack back. Oh, that's a good drop in. We need clearance disorders. I have to say spores. That would be great. I think so. You're a judge hit on it. Spores. Yes. Come on. You can do it. Just sprinkle some in your hair. And then we'll dust your head when you get here. Okay. Don't forget to check out the beast. Be speaking to here as I'm putting that lovely thing on his head. On his big round bowling ball head this morning. And then that picture. That's a beautiful thing with his musk right on his head. He hasn't looked that good in a kunzege. He's wearing his kunzege in camp. Not to mention, of course, the guy would have pitched in the tent. I'd seen him. I found that yesterday on my email from Miguel. I thought he was emailing me something about the camp. I got the best of you. And it's got like all these. You have to scroll through all these other people out of email. I'll do it like a jazzy chain. St. Leonard. And man, like everybody in there brother has the email that. And then I finally got to the bottom and it was like. Well worth a trip. 19 till one at five sixty wqm. Maybe if you have kids going back to college very soon. It sure is that time given one of the comforts of home. A new bed from dial to mattress just imagine all the things they can do on it. By calling one 800 mattress you can order a new mattress from dial to mattress for your college student and send them up right in that off-campus apartment that you're probably paying for. When you call one 800 mattress this week. Ask about their low prices on certain perfect sleepers. It's a great option for students. Consumers rated certain perfect sleepers are best buy and dial to mattress. We'll give you even a better buy as you'd expect. Special student deals on twins and full-sgrade prices on all sizes and comfort levels of sort of bedding too. And it doesn't matter where the college student is headed. If they're staying in town or headed to Philly, Boston, New York, Washington, the bedding experts at dial to mattress can make a feel like they're right at home. Get that shirt a bed right now by dialing one 800 mattress. They'll give you a service like you can't even begin a dream about from the delivery team right to best in the universe. When you call dial to mattress at 1 800 mattress you pick the day in time of delivery with an end to our window seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. In other words, when it's convenient for you and your kids will be sleeping well the first night. I've been using them for years and years and the girl uses them. George uses them anybody with a brain called dial to mattress with low prices. Same day delivery free set up and removal is easy to see. Like dial to mattress is right the best anywhere in customer satisfaction. And please keep in mind that everybody gets a student discount too at dial to mattress. So, call or write now and do something good for your kids. Call 1 800 mattress. That's 1 800 mA TTRES or click them on the web at mattress.com for dial a mattress. The easy to smart way to get you a great night's sleep. We're sports radio 560. You a yeah. Coming up tonight on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music Biography Profile Story. They are one of the most creative bands of the 80s. But all that goes out the window when you get a song in a John Hughes movie. They were orchestral maneuvers in the dark. Wow. Did you like it to make bothering walls? I think so once maybe. Oh my god! She was so totally my idol. There's just like not one girl that I knew who did not want to be my only ring wall. The marketing people inside the behind decided to let an ordinary woman who came of age in the 80s conducting interview with Andy McCluskey of OMD. What you see, we were really influenced by some of the experimental keyboard bands like craftwork. Did you not want to sleep with Andrew McCarty? Well, I mean if you were a girl, I mean maybe if you were gay. Were you gay? Look, could we talk about the importance of OMD to that whole period, could we? Did you like so lucky to get a song in pretty pink? I bet you thought, like wow, I get to meet John Crier. You know, he's overlooked you know, but he was like, not too. John Crier was just like as much as the 80s as like Andrew McCarty was. It's true. What about the music? Oh, I know. Every time I hear the beginning of that song, I am like so back there. Think about the movie. Who did that song anyway? Well, you little. Oh, you mean nothing. You know, you mean free? Or Castro maneuvers in the dark. It's the oldest equation in the music business. Get a song in a movie. Guess your career. Goodbye. It's a big juicy, something that look at show business tonight. Uninside the behind. Problem is still one or five 60 WQAM. Don't forget how many days left to lunch and Grammys? But third man. I think it's eight. Okay. It's going to be great and there's only eight. And who may be singing there, but the late. Is that eight? That's what I mean. Sanya. Cuce. They're going to zombie fire. You think they're going to bring her back? Well, they never did barrier. She's still on tour. All right. Let's hear it for Sanya. Is that eight? Is that eight? Is that eight? Is that eight? Is that eight? Is that eight? Is that eight? Is that eight? Ah, but she started that. I'm so glad I usually only put that first to line. Oh, man. Over the top. I mean, just out of control. Sounds like a... An old Cuban abuela. Hmm. Probably wasn't old Cuban abuela when he came right down with. This is disgusting. A politically prominent Brooklyn rabbi. Oh, I used a $700,000 federal grant for disabled preschoolers as his personal ATM prosecutor charge yesterday. By the way, how about that pat to an yellow? We had that on our website. Using the money from the teachers union. You see all the stuff that he was using all the trips in the, what a piece of crap pat. And it comes under he's got the tubes in his nose because he needs oxygen, you know? Maybe there is a god. Oh, god. Anyway, get back to this, Reby. The charges were leveled against rabbi Milton Ballcaney the 50-70-year-old director of the Bios Yackaw Girl School in Burl Park. Bios Jackoff Girl School. Prosecutor said the Department of Housing and Urban Development Awarded balcony the grant in the 719-99 to build a preschool for disabled children. But Manhattan, US Attorney Jim Komi said Ballcaney used the money to line his own pocket and reward others. I mean, this is what makes it extra disgusting, a federal grant for disabled preschoolers. The rabbi allegedly gave $300,000 to a son-law in Israel, Cox O'Hois, and $5,000 to another son-in-law's import business in Ridgewood in the Queens. Some $83,000 allegedly went to other rabbi's Jewish schools and organizations in Brooklyn. Another 78 grand was owned personal back account. Prosecutors also said Ballcaney used rent money to pay his life insurance premiums, credit card bills for dinners and clothing. I'm sure was a kosher, of course, and personal federal income tax. The French lawyer Benjamin Brathman said his client is innocent. We are confident that we'll be able to demonstrate that now one penny was misappropriated that every dollar was in deep use for the benefit of learning disabled children, Brathman said. Ballcaney is known and controversial for his political fundraising prowess. He was dubbed the Brooklyn Bundler in the 1980s for his ability to present candidates with individual donations in bunches. He has supported among others former mayor Rudy Giuliani and Governor George Pataki. So he's a Republican by Cracky, generally speaking. New York Daily News probe in 2000 detailed his role in curalling daycare vouchers for families in four Brooklyn Orthodox Jewish communities prompting a federal probe. Christians were also raised to a former senator Robert Dole, who helped to cure a federal grant for ballcaney. Dole was running for president of the time in ballcaney was a big fundraiser. Like I said, George Laino Barraulis, Cox La Heiz, you have no interest for a business of crap you 50 years. No questions asked. And you know that guy that was in there with father, Gregon? Yeah, put him in the cell. Maybe he can make a visit. What kind of crap is that? Yeah, I seen him. Okay. Why? The skin head. He was molested when he was a kid. Right. Just wondering. Can you didn't talk about it? Well, what is there to say about it? He was a skin head who was molested by a kid and get revenge and a happy day. And he was just in there by coincidence? No. Of course not. Oh well. Yeah. Oh, he just happened to be in there and in. There was only one guard on duty at the time and he was out to lunch. Can we get the address so we can send him up for it? That's good. He was busy. How many years should they give this rabbi? About 30 men. At least minimum. Now speaking of a scumbag Jews of bastards from New York. Why don't you listen to the Mohour David and show? 314 votes. He's a pomposal to ask 112. He's having boring 97. I don't give a Schmidt about sports 52. I do listen. He's great. 34.8%. He's great. Say 10.8. And his muskware is on 2.9. Although, at least this morning, kind of let his hair down a little bit. I was good. Maybe he's taking my advice. If he would just let his hair down a bit, now we had 400 bucks as of 1230. At Brandease. And would I pick one or two comedy of its hour coming up? Which will continue through this week. Now next week after Labor Day. George will be here on Monday because it's Labor Day. I'll be damned if I'm working on Labor Day. I'm playing all kinds of long. Good. Have a good time. I don't give a flight for that. Whatever. What's per hour? Great. But then starting next Tuesday, September 2th. Right? What's got to be? The first is Monday, it's Labor Day. Not that. Huh? So next Tuesday, September 2th, we will attempt. Although that may be a bad mistake. No, seriously. There are a lot of people who go away for their last gas summer vacation this week and last week. These two weeks are like hopeless. Feel it out. You don't have to make no commitment. Even if we do we lie a lot, we change our minds. We always keep our options open. That's all. I'm not going to sit here dying anymore. I mean, today has been good. We had a lot of calls. Only a couple of idiots, which is good. We like couple. So anyway, getting back to Brandease. I want to pump this hard because you got another hour and seven minutes. And Miguel is there. And like I said, I want to pump it hard. From now until two Brandease shoes is the location 1290 North Federal Highway in Pablo Beach between Atlantic and Coven's. We think our friends at Brandease were out being a part of this whole thing. Trust Radford is there. He'll give you like an autograph I bet. In fact, he'd be amazed if anybody took his autograph. He might pay you to take it. You'd be amazed with what? How many people care about Troy? He's a great guy. Yes he is. See, you'll never hear me knock Troy straight for it. I mean, every now and then he screws up on the count, but that's because he's in our sales department. But he's as personally he's a wonderful guy. We like to write a lot of care just sometimes, you know. No, no, he really is conscientious. I mean, he's a little bit slow. But he's a good guy. So anyway, he's there with Miguel who's not slow, but just paranoid because he's Cuban. And there's free food from Atlantic City. Subs where I remember the difference. Some of those great sub sandwiches, which you notice I have eaten nothing but the bacon. Please, how he's going to be again tomorrow and Friday. Please, please. No, I didn't know what that was. There was a starry foam container in there because usually it's just those little aluminum foil things. And there's a few strips of bacon. I open up that thing. Right. And there's like 700 pieces of bacon in there. So I brought it in here and figuring out he like a few. I need to hold them to every strip. All the white one. Well, they're, they're had to be 50. Well, maybe not. Chloe. Huh? Maybe. Yeah, at least. There was a lot. I mean, I ate like a rashier of bacon. And then all of a sudden, I'm talking to my good close friend from a fast train here this morning. And I, it's a, I'm glad that, you know, our conversation at that point was winding up. We talked about all kinds of stuff. We ripped Molina's was wondering what the beads of stuff. Oh, we're forming on your lips. I made a beeline. Magic room. And thank goodness nobody was in there. No, no, it wasn't aromatic. It was just like quick and powerful. It was like a jubber. It was like a purge. I mean, woo. Talk about heavy duty. Bacon and doos. When you're, there's a lot of grease. A lot of fat and grease in there. And of course, the grease makes like for sliders. So in any way, it was great. There's the total now. Nine. Wow, that's pretty good. I, we're not only make the thoughts like I said, I want to go for 2000, today, Brandy. Yeah, this is good. I'm telling you, this year, we are going to raise 100 grand net net for abandoned pet rescue. They do wonderful work. I know there's a lot of other good animal places, you know, and we can't do them all. But I also don't believe of doing like, you know, a whole bunch of different places and you give one place five grand and three, you know, you divided it up. They really doesn't have any impact. And I, I hate to say this because my mother's probably listening, but, and by the way, I'll see you tomorrow we're a Friday, honey. And I'm not going there on Saturday because I'm going, you know, I'm not going there. So I'll go there tomorrow we're Friday and if she don't like it, I'll see her one of these days. You know, why don't get around to why I'm good and ready? Now, what was I just saying about my, what inspired me about? No, no, no. No, what the hell was I just saying? It was her rescue. You were talking about a bad pet rescue. I'm talking about the dogs, because remember I did the show that day, which I'm embarrassed for doing that show. No, that was a show. Mocha to rip me four. That was a bad show. I mean, it was, it was okay, but that was terrible. The dog show and people coming. That was a terrible show. The dog reached them. Yeah, that was all started out. Yeah, that was bad. It's crappy radio. That's not my bag. Which dog smarter? Right. I mean, he wanted to rip me for that show. I would have said, hey, you know, what, what, what, what, what you're right on? You silly old goose and by the way, your hair's falling down. But I'm thinking about getting a dog for a hair or a their. No, not can't handle dog right. I'm talking about for here. You think I'm going to be the one cleaning up dog crap? I'm all done with that. Well, I'm honestly, let me say, John is thinking about getting dog. But I'll just, you know, see, I'll just visit him once in a while, you know? I'm the days when he doesn't crap on the floor. And the dog, too. 1257 at 560 WQMVIP Sportsbook.com A South Florida's favorite sportsbook, and they've been around here a long time. I bet you have CUNZAGE. And of course, this time, it year with football season starting. All the sportsbooks start claiming they're the biggest they're the best. And give you a big song and a dance. But did you know that 99% of these bookies are located in the jungles of course, that Eka, you might never even see him again. This year, move up and class to VIP Sportsbook.com. VIP Sportsbook.com is the oldest, the biggest sportsbook in the Netherlands. First world integrity, English speaking. You might even run into some of them in a red light district. Or send legal and license to VIP Sportbook.com is South Florida's sportsbook. Sign up for the NFL regular season. You'd bet all the South Florida teams do free all year long. You want to bet on the fins, the fish? It's 100 to 100. You want to bet the hurt cones? It's 100 to 100 to 100. So forget about ever having to lay 110 to 100 on your home teams. All preseason setups get a 20% cash bonus. Not some funny money match play bonus or crap like that. VIP Sportsbook.com, that's where you'll find them on the net. Or call them toll free at 1, 866 VIP Betts. That's 1, 866 VIP Betts. VIP Sportsbook.com, where you are, the VIP. You're my an old, this is sports where you'll find six years. You weigh in. Just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon. Rosanne is back. And she's starring in a brand new unscripted reality sitcom. Sound familiar? Well, it will. When you see the Rose Boren. Yeah, forget the Prince of Darkness. I'm the domestic goddess of darkness. Yeah! You loved her in Rose Amp. You hated her in her talk show. Now, you love to hate her in her new reality show, the Rose Boren. You know, my neighbor, the girl, the urging me and John, I'm going to draw a ham over the fence at them. Well, you all have to take a few bites off it. She weighs as much as in an a cold and swears as much as Azzy. She's the one and only Rose Anne. I'm not heavy metal. I'm heavy and man-tall. And don't you fucking get present. You'll find out what a f***er. Rose Anne's back in the Rose Boren's coming soon to ABC. I tried. Now, we're kidding me. My basic cable. I got a loser, Azzy. I'm coming after you, I'm a baddie. Er, I saw you, saw that ham, I'm coming up, find a f***er starving. It's the most anticipated new book of the year, the latest in the Harry Potter series. And this time, author J. K. Rowling, Chuck Svans everywhere, by killing one of the main characters. But will it be? Will it be her landing? Will it be Dumbledore? Will it be Harry himself? Who will be run down by a former priest driving a 10-view-a-car? Find out when you read Harry Potter and the Bishop of Phoenix on seal now at Budsabillion. And Ramazon.com. I've been to every world, I've been to every time. So, now, I ask to find a be***er tune. You're one freaking be***er tune. I have had, I have found, spell out where's one river more, one river more. And I've got to find a be***er tune. But I still haven't found any Pokemon. Just still can I find any Pokemon. I've been to every star, and I can't find both of us all. You're so freaking hard. You find a charizard. Where do you know you are? As a last resort, but that we're not at, every host, but I've got a plan. I've got a plan, you plan. Cause I still haven't found any Pokemon. No. No, I still haven't. Let's not, I dreamt of can say go. Just like he never let my side know. I'd wait with hope they can say go. He showed me just how to find all the ball. I should hope they have to vote. To back what bread was kind of vote. I should go up my cones. Keep up on his please. I miss coming round their face. It's not an into his face. Get the shower with those day. Must finish the lv. Bye. Now in a supermarket near you, canned, mili, vanilla. Yes, mili, vanilla is in concert. Lip sinking to pre-recorded music tracks. It's all canned. At about 20 bucks a concert ticket, you'll pay premium prices for canned mili, vanilla. Redelabel. canned mili, vanilla is all artificial. It's all hair and no talent. Hopefully it'll have a short shelf life. canned mili, vanilla. At your local supermarket in the fruit section. Just look for the wrapper with a dreadlocks. Now we're up to our long distance dedication. And this one is about kids and pets. A can of situation that we can all understand, whether we have kids or pets or neither. It's from a man and Cincinnati Ohio. And here's what he likes. Dear Casey, this may seem to be a strange dedication request, but I'm quite sincere and it'll meet a lot if you play it. We certainly, there was a death in our family. He was a little dog named Snuckles, but he was most certainly a part of us comes out again. Come on out of the record. Play the record, okay? Please. See when you come out of those up-temper, damn numbers, man, is impossible to make those transitions. And then you got to go into somebody dying. You know, they do this to me all the time. I don't know what they'll do it for, but damn it. If we can't come out of a so record, I don't understand it. Is down on the phone? Okay, I want to damn concerted effort to come out of a record that isn't a f***ing up-temple record every time I do a damn death dedication. Now, make it, and I also want to know what happened to the pictures I was supposed to see this week. It's a god-lask-dem time. I want somebody uses f***ing brain and not come out of a f***ing dem record that is, that's up-temple, and I gotta talk about a f***ing door dying. Why is this f***ing ponderous, man? Ponderous, f***ing ponderous. I'll broken through her bedroom with no... and by the end she took my wig. Now, what I did, I knew was gripper-lo. But that ain't doesn't do if you play for the fish. I guess my girlfriend forgot the challenge. That is a little bit what someone else is why. I'm afraid of her name of the mothby, and they're the other. And I'm out now, where the chase be with her dad. Why didn't that bitch tell me? I was too dark to see. She'd be in bed with her love. It's not gonna be a star of me, though, it's out. Absolutely. 109 at 5.60, WQM happy Wednesday, too. We got 251 votes on our second pool, and I'll too shabby, I would say. Why don't you listen to the more Howard David to show that's our pool question. They were trying to fight out, how come most everybody hates him like poison? He's a pompous old ass, 126. He's effing boring one-third team. I don't give a shabby about sports, 57. I do listen to his great 35.9%. And his mothgrets on 2-type 20. Speaking of people with mothgrets, don't forget to check out the beast on our website. And speaking of the beast, he, I will say this, I don't see him a cheat, I don't see me in the stuff from how he's full. We will, either how you fat people are, you're sneaky, sneak it in. Yeah. By Clarence, he likes to sneak it in when the beast ain't looking. Anyway, the beast is back on balance for like the reason being because he realized that it's going to save his life. He went off the wagon there for a little while. His parents were trying to kill him, he said, I screw you guys, I'm going to go back on this black sack. And that's what it's all about, a little black sack. Remember the little black brown coupe? No. We got the song in there, little brown little brown coupe. Well, you got to have your little black sack from balance for like because that's the key to losing weight. All the food you need for the entire day is in your black sack and they've libert right to your door. By six o'clock in the morning at your work at your home at your pub tent where you're pitching a tent where you're going to have your hanging out. There's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no calorie counting, no nothing. They do all the work for you. And the weight just melts off your body and believe you me when I tell you with three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks in the sack. What I say to maximize snacks, snacks in your neck, back. There's plenty of food and they're to keep you full all day long. Keep you going. You won't be starving on this program, believe me. And you have a little menu for a lot. Once a week does it, the only choices you have to make. You choose between two alternatives for each meal and snack every day to run a program. That's it. And they deliver it right to your door and it's delicious. Made with a freshest, the best ingredients too. So you'll start seeing results almost immediately if you call balance for like, call them today and finally once in for all you were that excess weight and get into better shape too. Call 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 9 5 4. 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29. We're getting all the information about their program on their website balance for life.com. Why and local? We're sports video 5 60 2 a few a year. You. You. Well, I got no choice. Because I'm a boy. In my court of boys. I expose my choice. Well, in my solution, if it give it a pass. But I might use it as a face ball back. But true. So. So. So. All right. And true. So. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And so. And like. And. I've got no plans, and I've got no principles, and I've got no intelligence. That's right, don't bother my mind! But you'll sell, oh, sell that! And you'll sell in a weather! I'm at your home completely! That helps, Mark's down! The first stop, got taken the grass, the first stop you go! He likes his smoking mask, the first stop stop! He's a creepy head, the first stop stop! He's a creepy head, the first stop stop! He's a creepy head, the first stop stop! He's a creepy head, the first stop stop stop! He's a creepy head, the first stop stop stop! He's a creepy head, the first stop stop stop stop! He's a creepy head, the first stop stop stop stop! He makes his smoking mask, the first stop stop! He's a creepy head, the first stop stop stop! He's a creepy head, the first stop stop! Two foot cuffs and take up hill Mash and carry on so it's like Take them till the very choke and bow Eightfold and bow First and second be the choke and narrow on a smoke Out of the box box down Take them in the ranch Two top bars, five and down Relaxers, they're mad Two top bars, five and down These are prove you have them Five top bars, five and down Two top bars, five and down Two old men Oh yeah Oh yeah You look look with getting high Five, six and five You look look with getting high Five, six and five You look look with getting high Five, six and five You look look with getting high The foul spiced up Can't keep in the ground The foul spiced up Relaxers, they're mad I'm looking smelledRY You look good You look see it's oven Spiced up Two top bars but once Two big dice Hi El Cado, Sip them on fire, El Cado, So it's on the TV, The brand in more attack, Of those laundry heads, Love all this smoke and crack, And I've got a funny feeling, They won't be too injecting. No. If we take out all those maniacs, So I'm singing El Cado, El Cado, I'm so damn tired, Of El Cado, Go on my boom drop, Up on now, Go on my boom drop, Up on now, Now, Cado, Anyway, El Cado, Now, Cado, Ready, aim fire, And now, Cado, Low on my boom drop, Up on now, Low on my boom drop, Up on now, Low on my boom drop, You did, El Cado, El Cado, Now, let them to station out, And there they are, Direct from the Motor City, Motown, The sweet sound of the temptation, Come sit down, relax at the temptation, Tiki bar, sit down on the leather capsule, Or, Hit on over to the eight to proud of big songs, With a lady, big, free, And if you happen to get separated, You know, because it's a big place, And you lose your baby, Intention Island, You can go over to the, Since I lost my baby, Lost the found, And it's not, Don't worry, Because it's letting in, Love you, lady, It's all around, Oh, and guys, When you're done, Sicken, bacon on the beach, Rollin' around in the fan, Which is lady, And you hit on over to the guy, Shall we? Huh, just don't look back. If you hit the guy, If you're dead right, You roam with a fool, Intention Island, Be the map and discover, Lately, if you hit the. Who's that group of Muslims, Helping terrorist, It's the bunch of backward thinking, Fond and underlifts, The talada, Who are those fanatic, And their darks filled with hate, If you're part stealing, It's your handle and you hate, The talada, The talada, The talada, The talada, The talada, And there's a panda, Close the rule, I've been a stand for, But there'll often no goal. But there'll undies the book, The story is in life, A jet single, Earth a Hardtime in Get, How the fuck are you taking this To, Tick, H�one kull, And you met up here, Stripping all the immon! taką! Okay, Puke's a whim in Aамkey, Matt Dump, Kunk, Tt Support, AlAt父, It could be your slama under there, you'd never know The Taliban The Taliban can The Taliban can cause they rule Afghanistan but they're up to no goal I didn't know you liked doing an aeropids mode That's a man like the thing to do and I like men Who wins? No, don't hit me with that wall Oh what? Wow Now did you come to sign in this thing like I asked you? No, my sister is for a whole radio Just like you said, I stand for sign Let me get a good look at you Oh, my mom, run, I got a phantom in the sea I can't get a ball I got a phantom in the side wall to see it See that's it? Why doesn't the ball go? Yeah, don't take it, push me over, boy And why? I can't take it What is called the way? The head and the head and the head and the head Take a ball and put that whole trick Why I'll have you? Oh, my god Oh, my god Oh, my god We got leads to the ranch, oh, oh Yeah, the wood And not a fine mess that got me in poop Yeah, let's see who dropped in here, yeah Hey, fellas doing I'm Georgie, that's my uncle, sister, jam Howdy, and this here's my brother and my pal, Marvelle Mom and name does have your all the bushings And honor the greatest president in this country ever had George Washington Busch Well, it's really sweet and I You and you and in with, sister Oh, see, here are my good Christian friends Did you drop your Georgie and get on your knees? You too, dear, friend But wait, I'm a boy You sure sound funny, but I lack your legs Don't Yeah Yeah Yeah, I don't Now they you get me going What the hell No, no, no, no, no, no No, no, no, no, no, no Yeah, you'll be dead like a woman in no time I got it back here You get the fruit I suppose you want me to spill now Don't cheat, how are you going I'm not going to put that on Who's gonna give a blow Who's gonna give a blow Who's gonna give a blow Oh, my life And love This is 42560 You way too way, yeah This is the Neil Roger Show Huh? This is your brain Any questions? Or get board shorts and speedos If you want to get noticed on the beach She'll up with a sandy Johnson Sandy Johnson swimwear from men As the latest looks to get you noticed That's because every sandy Johnson swims in Come with real beach sand, sewn right in the crotch So when you walk, go let it down to beach Everyone will know you've got a sandy Johnson And for cows, there's sandy gaps And where? Where is Tuddy Thong? And you'll know why it's a sandy Gapswinsuit, sandy Johnson and sandy Gapswinsuit, sandy Gapswinsuit This is not a head Water 14 feet above the keel And seven, like I think, raw, we've got to go In a forfe, in all three holes And in both of them six Swagged it, you're always good, rich When you can get on the way, damn it Get that finger out of your ear You don't know what that finger's been That's five compartments and it looks like a big tile and off With the first floor compartments, reach to the most five Can't the barber stay away? Not to five, huh? She's like I take her all week When I'm fed of each, the water will spill over the tops of the buckets There's no stopings Here, here, here's a fire in the barn From this moment of matter, what to do? Me, John, big three Titanic, move from there Both good luck, raw, counting on you Well, I believe you may get your headlines, Mr. His Majesty's may There's a sail at pennies John, I want you to draw me like one of your French films Waring this Where did you get that dress? It's awful on those shoes and that cookies People are watching women are staring on their dreams and they don't know But I'm not sure real, some say he's real else And much from talking, not much to look at But I ain't looking to smell just a little too much There's a lot of little clothes There's no one that's just a little too long But while they're grown in I've been lonely, so I've been here Gotta really be travel-trial The world's green, it's related heart It's got to really be travel-trial Fish and bubble It's got to really be travel-trial Fish and bubble It's not a good idea to travel-trial It's not a good idea to travel-trial It's got to really be travel-trial Fish and bubble When this quarter back it's lonely He likes receivers that are white There's some people say that number eight is gay They say it's worth the big grind Eight men He goes down on his knees, eight men It's guys he likes to please eight men He loves to slap cowboys on every hand Right though He's got a spot to spare petation A Marcus team is roaming down But his drogate, I've heard some people say You're in the heart of the Eagles down Eight men He goes down on his knees, eight men I can't some horse to squeeze eight men Don't flip him cos he likes it from behind Eight men I'm a virgin My current memories will be just when they put your pens on me So ancient I can no longer be Cause you see my pristine with on me But still I've think I'm swiftly free I know they didn't I've found aeity too And I've got to keep my teeth healthy and with you Yeah, I'm so aeity, cheers But I can still keep rocking you Let the former bath president of the United States Al Gore I've recently poked my head out of the shadows of oblivion To take potshots at the president I have reappeared Must like Pucks the Tony Phil The Groundhog creature that reappeared each year To determine whether or not we'll have an early spring I wish it to be known but it was I who was responsible for saving the lives of those nine minors And Pennsylvania over the weekend I had asked the media to keep my name out of it As not to appear of spotlight hog However, I feel the American people have a rat to know the truth Here's what happened Upon hearing of this unfortunate accident I'll race to the thing I lowered myself into the mine using an old Ron Popeo pocket fisherman and some bailing wire Down, down, down into the depths of darkness I seek Never faking of my own safety But rather of the safety of those men on the ground When I reached the miners they said to me Hey, you're the garden vendor the internet, right? I said yes We all had a mic's heart lemonade Which I brought with me down into the hole And then we'd sat around and re-enacted the fart thing from blaving saddles I thought you should know the truth And now, must like the Groundhog creature Pucks the Tony Phil I'll flink back into the darkness of oblivion until I am needed again This is how I go, sleeper hero Oh my God So glad All the hard burn Don't go, don't go, every time I see Don't go, don't go, don't go And return it to you, which Don't go, don't go, don't go My TV He's president of the... Repel the kid muscle in And in our kingdom it is I don't know why They won't want to die But not easy, first proof of that for years With president thumbs up Oh, what I get to And most once more And get to we know what it is Oh, what I get to know And in your want this Don't go, don't go It's rubber stupid heat Don't go, don't go And this drug is rich here Don't go, don't go, don't go He's even Drumber than me Drumber than me He's president of Yeah, don't care what it is You got to me by the firm The pressure on Oh, what I get to know And I will help the dealer We've got a great leader With president thumbs up Oh, what I get to know And in your want this drug And in your want this drug And in your want this drug And in your want this drug Give a Hey, Malino, hi! I spend the day at work planning that when I get off a go-tending, I get naked and fake fake it. How much longer is my skin gonna take? My astrologist and new merrelatives have to help me find a dermatologist. If I'm in the sun till we get Malino, we bake like a bun, you can spell the aroma. I like all my butters, nobody home, hey Malino, Malino, hi! We bake like a bun, you can spell the aroma. We got love-sunders getting bigger than the mesmera-doma. Hey Malino, Malino, hi! We don't care if we get Malino, Malino, Malino, we got the best tan from here to Arizona. We're laughing, don't have genitals kind of love. Hey Malino, hi! We have bacon! We have bacon! We have bacon! Oh, right! Yeah! We have bacon! We have bacon! We have bacon, you can spell the aroma. Oh, hey, guys got your back! Remember about that because that's where we're looking for love, it's where you're cracked. This better shall buy me! I got a lot of facial hair been a levy so make fun don't poke your nose at the queer cake boy life Silent joke suck your game jokes and start being silent because you might get a taste of homosexual violence We don't play your book my target like a dog in a territory I'm working when you see us with a Ray band bomb with his mind apart that we want to get our hands on For the F.A.G.S.S.R I don't you forget it Really all that hard as well Let me see you just friends with me just friends with me now slide Ooh right there See you do some ways bang Perfect I make Rick limp That's a baby just Oh Now look at you and Jen Oh, I got a white dissolve Oh, Jay to this everywhere This is what you have a moits tell us Okay, look what cut the crap out You're no beauty girl Everybody gather around the country man here What kind of protest do you want? Sit in loving In it and you want a sloth or it's non-violent you come to the right man because I'm the god in a Boat and organize a boy I'm the god of the Earthy and a cheek Put that in the brain of the poor You're both a friend and poor Oh, we the god of the man The god of the man Oh, the god of the man Oh, the god of the man The god of the man And cause he makes his it with love And ecstasy is come to the man Boat and spot your non-just for Spat and place that floor We're giving up what's the freeze Boat and place that floor Boat can make his own floors Not afraid to cause his he The god of the man The god of the man Oh, the god of the man Oh, the god of the man Oh, the god of the man And cause he makes his it with love And ecstasy is come to the man The god of the man Concentrate that he represents Most of him to seek and isians All the other religious persuasions What a very few concedions No, hope can really take a beating A really take a beating Cookin' really take a punch We let him out The best without the dinner or the breakfast or lunch The god of the man The god of the man Oh, the god of the man Oh, the god of the man The god of the man Cause he makes his it with love And ecstasy is come to the man The god of the man The god of the man Concentrate that he makes his it with love And ecstasy is come to the man Oh, the god of the man Oh, and the awesome king of cast of resistes You're the god of the one I say Or I swear I will start myself today Now that he is on the ticket here I'm on a hook of governor's all week Yeah, yeah You're teased for it and there'll be a big change You're gonna feel the burn you'll feel The pain you're gonna feel Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah The loudseed plans to pass into The world's upon you up like a balloon Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah You're going on I'm telling me Can't look at it, I hear you who curse You're like the only thing you'll do First, see the kids who'll get them trading The louds pop just around me I'm waiting until me The vote for the beast I'm meeting with the heavy bars I hope you're ready For a governor's watching around here Yeah One fifty ten to two five sixty WCM we got fourteen hundred and a over grand He's not too bad, not shabby For a band in Petrest, you can still catch him over They're nice ten minutes if you're in the hood It's your hurry Four hundred and seventeen votes on a post I'm not too shabby, that's our second poll of the day Why don't you listen to how he's audited in the morning? He's a pompous old ass hundred and fifty one He's effing boring hundred twenty nine I don't give a shmit about sports seventy four I do listen he's great forty nine point five percent And his muskrats on two type twenty three Speaking of brandies, there's a lot of good reasons to go to brandies Not just today, but any day there are twelve ninety Nor federal highway and pop at a beach open daily ninety nine So they stand to five they're the numero uno shoe store at South Florida They've been doing a great for you for over twenty five years And the reason that they're still around is because they give you a tremendous selection Unbeatable prices personal friendly service to make sure you get a perfect fit every time And this week it's the end of the summer sale thirty to fifty percent off on all famous brands at Brandies Rockports, which you'll find Brandies has more styles in house than anybody else in town S.A.S. the largest selection in South Florida New balance all sizes from narrow to wider in stock with it to slap on your foot And floor shine with over four thousand pair in stock right now They're unbeatable for you and your feet brandy shoes in pump at a beach twelve ninety north federal highway My little girl is sixty five sixty three years old yours I'm a cute man Okay, I'm a you think that you're in love You stole our all star game Cus your own sports really suck You got dogs red runs you shoot moves with guns what a way to entertain And you fish for ice you think hockey's nice cause it's played without a brain You can't die Who knows you Give me my old star game my one Since back now The space ball in Canada makes me a blue child We don't intermica in the car of being Take on the best of earth that you ever seen Ask anybody in that table of wood They tell you this country where the guns are people Rustam and ask someone to sell And from my yellow way you can detect these metal off-sports Stop can't stop Stop He like pop this cliff and talk Stop can't stop Stop can't stop Stop The gun's a few good You pick every lots of earth in the gun and sack Spoken every day until you're long swim like With all the money that we have made Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid A American tourist home here and say Got nothing like this in the US Say this, stop Stop can't stop Stop They light up this cliff and talk They begin to pop as a joke Smoke, gun, smoke, smoke, smoke, smoke They're here They're gun, just be good Bum that's out for some you are an awesome man You like to smoke the giant stick whenever you can Then the people come in here from miles around So buy the group for you, buy the ounce and the amount Ask the man, say to her, come by you right They gun to be good tonight and then they smoke Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke They light up this cliff and talk Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke They gun to be good Yaman I got horns, they're close to flyers Oh, no, no, no, no We're gonna fly To give exercises Rectom Rectom When you stand up, you can't pull all those things away Can't feel hard, I'm hangin' on you You feel hard, you gotta check not Don't steal the land in the bed And get those guys that think to move Then it's all down, I'm hangin' on me, Lord, too I got fat on the wall, I will yell at you, Lord You're too, too, too, I'm hangin' on me You're not hangin' on me, Lord I got to see the Lord And we have another part You're too, too, too, I'm hangin' on me You're too, too, I'm hangin' on me Charles Morris