Neil, it looks like just the three of us. Yeah, remember all that's left? Well, the most more understand Moa, work his way into a new deal. Yeah, you got a job at Santa Fe! I heard he forced his way into a new deal, is the room where I'm hearing. I don't know anything about it, I just know that he loves Santa Fe. I heard that he coerced his way into a new deal extension, is the room where I'm hearing all the way up here in Toronto. I hear that you're involved in a whole career in a conspiracy. I heard that I'm plugged in and I'm seeing it. Yeah, just to show you the ball, little bit of it. Because I heard the challenge, I got it on tape. This month, let's go. Okay, I got it on the... That's a ball that has to be six months as I climb in a flag pole. What do you mean by that? I did no way in one day can we determine whose vulgar between you and me, because I need six months to show you how wrong you are. Well, we'll take the pull now and in six months from now, we'll take it again. No, I think we should do it. We should do it every very day. 30 days? 30 days? 30 days? You're quite sick. In any progress? In the sixth day. 30 days? You want? I'm telling you. You're doing it. Yeah. Yesterday, I changed late five times when I heard about pumping ass. You better have to be check your tongue for Dingo Burrs this morning, because you were sucking on Moes, but so hard as for you. You're kidding. You're not a little lick of Dingo Burry. Then you come into the studio. Well, more talking to say his show is unlicinable. Do you work out on a bow flex? Was that... Wasn't that... I don't know, but I knew like that solo flex got out a lot. I put it up the solo flex. See how he's trying to change the topic. I've never gone to lunch before. What were you going to do for Moes Show? Did you see unlicinable? Come on, I want you to say it. Who? I told you, no, I said, he asked me what I thought in the show. I said, I remember that name, similarly. They really got in the youth training. What are you thinking to show? I said, you know, here are heroes. Scop now are savior. What thought you were the savior? I said, the problem is that what are you thinking to show? It's wobbling. I said nothing. I said, I think nothing of it. You said this might be something. I think nothing of it. I wrote it down. You said it's unlicinable. I have nothing of it. I don't listen. I don't care. I like it as a friend, as a golf partner. I don't have any other problems. I want to know how you think talk about assholes and rectums all day and have every sponsor in the world. I'm unselvable. We don't say anything like that, I'm issue. We don't say those things. The last holes are records. Correct. Come, come, come, fix. Hey, well, what is that happening with vulgar in the obscene? See, you don't know. I think there's a space in the world. You don't know the background of that. You start to sound like a son of a right wing assholes on Fox. No, you know the background of why I use those words. No, but they invited me on their show yesterday that a rally guy wants to give me a warm stand. Me, sued. I don't know. Some baseball player beat up an Italian sausage last night again. I thought it's very right here. There was that baseball player beat up a big old beefed glass. Yeah, it's on the AP, the Italian job. Yeah, it's an Italian job. He made it. He made it with a family pirate's first base. No, it was booked for Mr. Meater or Battery for hitting one of the Brewers' popular racing sausages with his bat during last night's game. Yeah, he tried to hurt him. He hit the girl with that. It was actually a girl inside of big, killbasa sausage. And she's used to that at night, too. So he got the job. He's got the job. He's snuffered scraped knees after the incident at Miller Park. He drew a booze for many of the fans. He was later used as a pinchitter and they booed him. When they all pulled out their sausage, there was just still alive. I just thought I mentioned that. Yeah, and it isn't half of everything he's doing this is a big swimming unit. Yeah, that's why I'm here. And now I hear they're swimming you because you know, and I thought I was that happy to do with Bill Araley about the sausage. Oh, they tried to get me to go on and talk about Kobe raping young little girls. Don't don't get sucked into him. All they do, you realize that his radio show in our market has a zero. It doesn't make a big deal. He's a good one. He's TV show and I'm going there. He just gets me in trouble. He's trying to try the same crap with me. They wanted to suck me to go in on a show and fighting him on my show. He always has to eat for bad story. They keep rose or Kobe Bryant's dick. I don't care about his talents. Kobe Bryant, what? His dick. Yeah, like he raped some chicks, you know, allegedly, and I'm supposed to what? Listen to the cricket. I'm on vacation folks. I'm not here this week. This is a recording. Before the show opens so technically, I can envision this morning's meeting with Duffin the Scott. Oh, God. I have so many meetings, you know. I can't imagine why. Well, yeah, I'm such a bad guy. Yeah, I'm saying that. I learned everything from you. It was a little spastic in your mind. You're my mentor. And if I could have a better, this see, that's why I've been my plan all on for 19 years. So I could lead into your show. I finally hit Utopia. I won. I won. And so, well, fix your up with my mother. I mean, there's not a better than your show. Real deep. There's not a better than your show in my show, put together all the other shows. That's right. They're horrible. Absolutely. I wanted to listen to any station in the center. The other show is blow. I won't be picking on a mad dog in a hump. Oh, no. I love, I love that hand. I don't even listen to me because, you know, what's the thing that I say? You're reprehensible. I couldn't have picked it, but I'm a regular. I'll wadges outlandish. So here she's still alive by the way from Miss Pajot. Who is cast right in the hair? That's all they asked. The great journalist, Miss Pajot. Who is on the erroney? Who is this whole? He's a bitch that used to be the Circa terrorist data floor. She's the one that was supposedly Dillon Jen Bush. That's the thing. When we had the, how do you come in? He was all that. I wish she was. Dillon Strabbery's dead too. You know, but he was a Disney land yesterday. And the governor is brain dead, but beside that. Because it's a governor. He's a governor. Governor Bush. Good governor Bush. Is he our next president to ski? He'll be his bad as his brother. He was standing there. We're so pissed off. We're cleaning. They did all the pain escape stuff. Because they had it mapped out just like the cat. I had it up problems with the head. I like that. I like that. Piers. And then it was going to be two terms for W. Did you like her? You like her? I love her. I love her. I love her. If you were murdered to that bitch, you'd be this. I like him. I like her. I like her. Great movie. I watched last night. I guarantee you loved it. What? American beauty. Oh, yeah. That's a great, very good. Is that not a great movie? It's a pretty funny stuff. And Kevin Spacy was so good and then we were scared. I love him over there. We're lifting weights in the garage and smoking reaper. Don't spoil the ending though. The ending was sensational. Oh, that is just awesome. It could be true. Well, it was a great actor. One of those typical retired military assholes. But anyway. He's a great actor. You always do watch the best movies. I told you that once upon a time in America, the long version, when the kids eat in the cream pie thing, that is great. That's great. See that the thing is I'm such a pussy. I've never seen Reckley. I'm going to have to give me a tape. I've never seen. I've never done this. Got it. That's got my tape. Killing it too. Don't do it. He's shit is mustache. He's the one who's here in the meeting with him this morning. Be sure to mention I want to get him to him. I can saw Greg Reed. I think he's going to be in the meeting too. They're all waiting for me outside the room. He's in a gray suit today. I'm a great meeting Scott. Well, Greg works about one day a month. You worked two days a week. Have a lousy day French toast. You too, see ya. Leave our buddy Scott alone. Okay, are you watching a building? Are you his stericolour? No, there's no ways. Where are you? Drudge Packen? Friday night on E. It's the making of the Enrique Iglesias song, hero. I can't be your hero, demon. Everything is still here. Oh, charity. This is not what Enrique's fans want. Yeah. You need to get in there. You need to get him to cry. I know. That's what they want. Let me see if this works. You run. I know you won. Enrique, Enrique. Yes, my dear. Guess what? Santa. He got kidnapped in the kidnappers. What they want for ransom is you're just seeing the song. Or the kill Santa. That is so sad. Santa Claus is a beautiful man. And yes, I will sing the song. Please kill him. And what you run? I never look back. Enrique. Look at this puppy on the TV. Isn't he cute? It doesn't have a home. He's starving on the street. Why would it be donkey? Stop on the street. But it'd be sellin' up records by seeing the song. Maybe we can find homes for all the little dogies in the world. What you're saying, bro? What you're saying is, you're being by the street. Enrique, what do you want for lunch today? No, I have a big bacon classic from Wendy's. Oh, they don't even sell that anymore. They don't make it anymore because you were bad. I thought I was doing anything. You know what, though? If you sing your song, I'll make it for you. Okay, thank you. It's not a bad thing. It's a bad thing. This weekend on E. It's an exclusive behind the scenes look at the making of the Enrique Glacier song hero. Enrique Enrique, look, the news pulls out. And guess what? It's not sexy anymore. Don't miss the making of hero. Enrique Glacier is proud in Ian E. Everything entertainment. 10 past 10 at 5. 60 WCM. It's been nice being with you around as great Thursday. Happy Thursday, see? Now that we do that lengthy crossover like that, it's almost time to go home already. Right. What is facts that you just sent to me? This is like a book about chronic dentists and about the misfudge. See, first of all, I don't respond to scumbags. Okay, to silly self-hating queens like misfudge. I'm not going to respond to the crap about the nursing home. And I don't have the balls to do this. I got more balls in one testicle. Okay, then you ever had your whole life. Okay. So, lick them, misfudge. Yes, see, this is the reason. I'm a little bit slow, I guess. But this is the reason that he decided to make a big stimulus about that hoax calf in Harris' story, which, by the way, we corrected twice within a matter of moments, but the sunset left that out. And the house was it, and the channel six. And also misfudge, who puts the book. This is a journalist. He puts a totally bogus story on his website. It leaves it up all day yesterday, the one from a son Sentinel. After I got through chop and down every sentence in it, which was totally incorrect. And also didn't bother mentioning that we corrected the fact that it was in and out hoax, but Catherine Harris, as if it was presented as a fact in the first place. But he knew that he was going to be filling for the Schmittmys, to there on IOD and FLA all week. So, let's take a big thing with the arraget. And great. Listen, keep it up, Matt. Keep it up. Just be sure and pronounce that a Martin Scholar right on your pathetic website. His big headline in the website this morning is it's going to be 115 degrees in Phoenix. Woo! Heavy duty, boy. What an exclusive that is. Anyway, we got two big polls we're going to be taking today. American beauty. What a great flick that is. Boy. How come it took me so long to get to that? How come with all these other, you know, I mean, a beautiful mind, you touted both of you. Yeah, heavily. But American duty was like an afterthought. This isn't, this is definitely in my all-time top 20. Yeah. You don't agree? Absolutely. And there's something in there for everybody in terms of flesh. Sure. What tells us name Wesley? What is that? Wes Bentley. Well, I do. Okay. That may be not important to you. Wes Bentley. Thorough, Bert. And there you go. Now, what was the name of the blonde? Minus Vary. Who speaks? If you watch the other stuff on the disc when you get the DVD. If you watch the other interviews and all the other crap on it, get a bit of a прик investment. I don't thought I'd have Sandra Oslo on this. I guess that's true though. It's far away from tense. Just maybe you'll know. Jeez, Peter. He's like, what is it. Tom Puggley's bir größ. So that's tough. You see, Emily Hayell dit the first thing else for the house. And a flame of passion is found. Holy Impact. Like Tom Puggley's habit. Yeah. He said. I don't know about the kernel. But at any rate, we're gonna see it's already time for a break and we haven't even sent a loyer. They've got a good meeting. Oh, oh, there are rumors floating around about Mo and a contract and about all sorts of stuff. It's just amazing what goes on in that place. 1013 at 560 WQM. It's amazing what have speaking of Mo. What happened to his head is the same thing that happened to the most guys. Although most people have got comments since not to leave the house looking like that with a bit animal underhead. If you guys want to look younger and better than you ever dreamed, you could look again and you want to do something about that ugly glaring shiny bald spot beside the dead animal. Here's the answer for it. Check out Fiora in his natural airline system. The most amazing hair system in the universe. And right now Charlie's offering his summer special hair system only 549 bucks for first time customers. And if you already have any hair system, you can save yourself 50% on service and repair all types of systems, including shampoo and trim. So here's the perfect opportunity to give Charlie a try and guarantee is this. You gotta lose what your bald spot because you try Charlie's natural hairline system for 30 days. If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting a lot more action than Kevin Spacey, return it for a full refut. Don't delay. Call Charlie today and change your life forever. Look like a mench called 1-800-3212413. 1-800-3212413 or check them out on that wicked worldwide web at CharlesAlpere.com. You're supposed to be a 560-year-old. You a M. Go up those checkered pants. Don't miss the latest must-have sensation to hit stores. It's the tickle me bush doll. This channeling little character from the Pennsylvania Avenue Belpue gang will laugh at anything you say. Tell your George W. is surplus is all dried up and he'll laugh. Tell him his military couldn't fight a boy scout jamboree on a warm summer day and he can't help but lie. And you'll laugh too as the tickle me bush doll puckers his face to one side and wiggles his a black ears uncontrollably. tickle me bush is sure to be the biggest thing since the outboard grows a beard. You'll laugh. You'll cry. You'll kiss 4999 goodbye with a tickle me bush doll. Every repubnant has hope they sure have what if you like now 10% of every doll soul will support Stan Salwissel. The missile defense shield and Alaska oil drilling. He's deadly. He's hysterical. He's got ape-like ears. He's a tickle me bush doll. He also then stores where the guns ammo and NRA propaganda are sold. 1019 at 560 WQM happy Thursday too. See Miss Pudge if you read that entire fact the one that's like a book. Right. I didn't. Got rid of Dennis actually cut off the desperate Dennis old double D. If you read the whole thing come to find out he was called by Michael Savage got fired. We got a guy here in South Florida about and went on about you know the miss quote all the stuff I say in the end word. And miss dredged her credit. I said I got the right to say whatever and how I want and as long as I got sponsored. See the bottom line is Matt grudge is obsessed with me. Obsessed is listed right now. Good morning, Missy. Hope you had an active night last night. Even if only with yourself. He's obsessed. Remember today that he was standing in the studio. Right. And he went to your pizza law to parents. Well, he's staring. He's staring. I think he's got the hotse for me. I knew somebody would eventually. Maybe with that eyesight. Obsessed with me in his program. So and that's the real reason. He couldn't do it any other way because his right wing buddies would have been pissed off. That's the real reason that he put that story on there and could with the picture. Katherine Harris yesterday and kept it on her all day long. Because it says WQAM host the five 16 year old. You know, top rated the tacos and soft food all of that good stuff. It was a clandestine way of promoting the show. Thanks a lot sweetheart. But you're not my type. I don't think he's anybody's type. Especially with that silly goofy hat. And anyway, now what is this Senator Graham on meet the press? Oh, and you can perform well on meet the press. This Sunday morning July 13th. We love him a lot. Bobby Graham. But unfortunately, I've north of the Florida border. Nobody ever heard from him. It's really sad. Looks like Howard Dean's demand. It looks like the insiders of the side of the day. Check our website today of being a boy ever gets all the stories on there. But number 16 that I sent you with the number. The number is no mean called beyond bush par one by Michael Rupert. So very, very lengthy story. If you got some time today, be sure me that one. You'll find out what it's really all about. The people that are pulling the strings behind the scenes. Anyway, here's today's paragraph from Hillary's book, which is sold over. Made in copy. And it asks. What the hell is his name? Mother Tucker also. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. But mother Tucker Carlson on CNN is going to have to eat a shoe or something like that. Supposedly. And for sure, nobody watches that show. Which is why they buried it like a I don't know, three 30, 430 because nobody's watching for just half an hour. See, the reason CNN did that is because if they have it on for more than 1,5 an hour, If you take commercials like 22 minutes. So that means that there's the 11 minutes of the liberal side, or whether it's Carville or a Begalovati. And they figure 11 minutes of a liberal, or he hears as much as they can tolerate. So let's bury it and when nobody's watching. When everybody's watching anything. Pirmary writes, over a million copies sold by the way which shows how desperate a lot of people are. By the time she turned 14 she could no longer bear the life in her grandmother's house, her mother she's talking about. She thought work as a mother's helper carrying for two young children and returned for room board in $3 a week. She had a little time for the extra curricular athletics and drama that she loved and no money for clothing. She watched the same blouse every day to wear, with her only skirt and encoder weather but for the first time she looked at her house over the father mother gave their children the love attention and guidance she had never received. My mother often told me that without the soldier and with a strong family she would not have known how to care for her own home and children. Isn't that emotional and a whole paragraph that I just crossed it out? You're the most men I've ever seen. Almost to the weight of a bottom of a page three. Oh, you're going to burn in hell. Why is that? And flicking that on us. But it's like just a few seconds in addition, which is going to save you 28 bucks. As I'm sure you'd went out and buy it. I'm going to burn my body. I'm going to hit the river free. Here's the result of George's pull yesterday. What's your most trusted news source? Fox news downloads 14.1% 168. Now some people would say the right wingers would say, well, you see Fox beats everybody else in this funschwood say that too. But that proves my point that all the right wingers are they go to they all gravitate to that one spot. In fact, usually it's 17 rating percent with this crowd in this audience. And now it's only 14.1%. Whereas all of us who are either to the left of it till the home or way to the left or anything other than a right wing nut case, we're all watching something else. So what's all divided up among all of them as in another ones you got on here. Fox 168. Internet news sources, not including websites of other things on this list. 159. BBC 123. CNN 108. NPR 87. WDQM65. Many are fine websites since the right known news on this radio station. Meaning this show in our website, I guess sports news. Like I said, there's no news on this station. 14. And SMBC 58. 5% of this crowdboy. They only wish they had 5% of anything that I must in BC. You're the we might as well be off the air channel. New York Times 44. NBC 639. NBC 6. They're really checks their stuff thoroughly. They really get their craft straight. Why are they an embarrassment? ABC 1034. National and choir 29. Now we're talking. PBS 24. The scum Sentinel 23. A partner in crime within BC 6. Nice journalism by the way. WSVN 720. Wall Street urinal 19. CBS 19. That was my choice. Of course I get to see it like right on my TV here. Wanna hear the CBS C for a couple of seconds? Yeah, please. Let's see. Ferrari. Is that you? Which keep you? Oh, they're in a spot. It's okay.Any family Front cable. There is no way. Do you honestly believe? Do you honestly believe? If you were to vote right now. Yes. Leo, maybe you would not walk me in traffic if you would not see her. Job. Boxedії. Go. If he argues with me but I can play his two CDs that he gave me. Yeah. And I,imming this guy. I listen to them every day. I love them. I get along with him. I love George. And Carlos. I mean the gypsy hill pharmacy. and they're every day and listen but there's no way I could play five songs of Echa to CDs and every one of them offends at least five to ten groups of ethnic diversity there is no way that I am more bolder than that guy there okay so that's gonna be our first poll today we'll find out and then like you said in 30 days and in six months and whatever else the world still live although most of them dying and misplotsism like under nursing care right now is that a male nurse or yeah yeah in fact he's uh... he's the twin brother of what's his name of westvent like enemies you get an emissive cbc oh i don't want to get to deep into that cbc nineteen votes b-e-t eighteen do they do news on black entertainment television you know what somebody called it and so i don't know but uh... put it on w-i-d-seven team u-s-a today thirteen cbs four thirteen i mean herald thirteen way down the list lost in post thirteen hernational news channel twelve time magazine eleven c-span seven the globe seven meeting the tabloid news day five star five tele mundo three word of brother thirty nine two univision one and u-p-n thirty three none so look at that i'm totally we have no spichless in any more we're certainly don't have the ones who are watching tele mundo and you know we have the uh... english speaking sticks yeah ha ha how many of those are there but uh... well a small but select crowd here's a fact that says we got a lot of facts is we got today's poll but let me do days poll real quick to first off for real neither one or who's got for real okay you bring the other choice uh... i hate torture now get on it i'd see that when you put some that on there like that it's like an outlet and that a whole bunch of wacko's go to that and it like it's used the whole poll this poll is much to important to scot i would give a crap but two important to scot so we don't want to dick with it see now i use that word i know how to use it and he uses it he has a he uses it there's a meeting all of a sudden yeah but it was because of the last day in the last half hour you understand why who's more obscene or vulgar neo-rounder scot for real neither one or who scot for there you go there's your four choices on poll number one that's our preliminary thing okay i don't want to shortchange these facts as we got a lot of good stuff and my next day takes some calls here today maybe crazy denisfal call for about two seconds but we hope not go away then as everybody knows you're in asshole 1027 at five sixty wqm it's the big neo-rodger something save as some in savings event right now presented this summer by time limit in japania gmc the old year number one waiting for right now at halith gets zero percent financing for sixty months on every single two thousand three pa deac or gmc and stock at this moment as i speak the old year number two get up to a four thousand dollar rebate on every two thousand three gmc and pa deac and stock attention current in former military personnel like the guy in at movie american beauty last night get an additional seven hundred fifty dollar rebate from your friends at halith and time layman says if you show up with a smile he might even give you a kiss on the lips neo-deol number three released a new two thousand four grand pre-g-t one for as low as two hundred eighty nine bucks a month as a thirty six month least talk to our good close personal buddies at halith four details and right now in halith they still offer you this you can test drive a vehicle for 24 hours take it home take it to work take it to a marlins game if they ever show up at home again and as always be sure to check out their great unbeatable selection of pre-owned vehicles as well and don't forget if you're nervous about going car shopping because your credit is little on the shaky set that's never a problem when you do car shopping at halith potty xgmc you'll find them in one thirty four one sat fixie highway that's u.s. when across in the falls open every day seven days a week if you want more info on those special deals just call the meal deal hotline tool free one triple eight five three four forty two eleven that's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven no forget all meal deals submitted to credit approval c-are friends at halith four details halith potty xgmc you'll agree with me on the shallot bed judges life on it they are professional grade let me say it again they are see what I said I'd be you have a hobby boy saucers If anyone acts about me just now I'm mad It'll hit my fly, it'll hit my fly It'll hit my fly He had already set up He's out of mind And so he stroked her soft white milky throw But I thought he was halfway past So we gave it a try And now came the fly Now came the fly Now came the fly Whoop, throw up He's shot to leave me as thick And then they got high When I'm for a little text mix And then they got high Two stars she'd gone And I know why He's over this fly He's over this fly He's over this fly It's a 1032 I'm looking at this pool, Eric I don't want to say it's got a little bit of a problem There's yours look a little bit strange as well Or there's just no way Some kind of a problem on our pool Eric and since we got two poles They would on and put a lot of pressure on you But get with it Get with it Here's a thanks to American Beauty With Span Tastic Kevin Spacey's a great actor See him also in Dicohuna And usual suspects Haven't seen either one of those Now do Snatch big Lewinsky L'Abowski and Fandango Yeah, do Snatch No I got that though, down at home So this is my nursing carers over with Alan P.S. Fandango is an 86 movie Look past Kevin Costa and movie Although it's the only credible performance of his career No he was also okay in the untouchables Yes I'll get about him Yeah, what are we going to do about this pool here, Eric Because it's got a whole bunch of ones down here And I'm sure that's a temporary transition area Yeah Yeah Yeah Right Okay, what are we going to do? I'm sure it'll not be alright Before we get to the other facts, we better take your collar too Here's Naples Hello Pebbles Naples, one last chance Hello Hello Yes sir Well I have a week on the one who I'll be regarding here Your internet, but I'm at it For Watertail's on list And I got a question for you Are you there? I'm here All right You're up in Toronto right? Yeah Okay I'll come up there Go show CNN But down here Like the Canadian Rock Act in Corp. on FCBC I think FCBC is great Because the federal government, this money is either real news They want you to be brainwashed That's a second How are you your life? And I'm just talking right now The American government doesn't want you to see the real news They want you to see the telemetry Atrocious you've got All right Now up there Because I have family up there But up there Do they have like the BBC Like to have your all-fo or not? The BBC? Yeah Let me put it on for you, Palli Excuse me The proceedings are hijacked There it is right there There is between India and Pakistan Have a great day sir It is often it is overshadowed by such events Some Indian guy What are we going to tell you is 560 560 560 This pole is not the fly in Eric This pole is screwed up I should be fixed already Uh He screwed up my whole damn thing here Warning pages expired And all kinds of crap going on here Oh there it is Wow Who is more obscene or vulgar The 33 votes on there Scott for Routen Neither one ten He or Roger seven Who's Scott for RL six Well there you go There will be nippen tuck nose To know is I can take it I can handle it As long as I got my friend misfluged on my side Right? But he What are you laughing about? He's one of my Most devoted fans You're press HV He could just as easily be Do you realize how many trillions of people see that website is every day? I'm 30 minutes 40 trillion people see that thing every single day That's why he left that story up there with my name And the call it is the whole thing spelled it right Blue Dennis office show yesterday in IOD Nice call on Miss Fudge You're the best baby He's a great journalist Here's Riveer Abichillo Yes sir America American beauty Yeah He died Got to go Go Good call Great call Genius See you know he's going to die in the beginning of the movie Because he tells you that That's not the surprise I'm having a heart Right He starts out by telling you this is the last day of my life So that's a big surprise But what an Just like Magnolia was saying this to George B for the show Ervy character In the movie Ervy single one of them Is brilliant Now in Magnolia each each of the other nine characters They're like kind of equal They're like there's no one character that stands out And is the central character and this one of course Kevin Spacy Everything revolves around him and his family and his neighbors and whatever But it's just it's great It's brilliant Online 6 this must be Retire Here's Miami Hello Yes sir What do you want to say about your own vacation? I was really kind of find out about that Who's there's days during the summer pal just to keep my foot well foot in it Tuesday Tuesday Very good Listen to you for a very long time I just don't understand one thing I mean you're very smart You're right about so many things about God and religion and all that stuff You are so completely wrong when it comes to economics I just I can't understand how you don't In contradictions I mean I can understand rejecting the Republicans because of the right So I reject I reject both parties That's how one of the people in this country You'll tell you the God damn truth Both parties suck their both old by the same special interest And the Democrats are a bunch of whims which is why we got this scumbag in there right now But you call yourself a liberal Yeah Yeah Liberal is somebody who believes that you know the far Sir listen listen listen listen me And you want to respect what all I'm on You're one of the rich too that's you know dragging along all these Does all this dead weight I don't understand why you love let me let me say this to you Okay, somebody asked me that a few months ago about this latest tax cut of bush And he said but you're gonna get a lot of money back I said I don't want it. I'll take it of course because I'm going to give it to me because I pay a portion of taxes But I don't want it. That's the difference If you're money me, though, that's the whole point It's like the left wing they want to take the most productive people in the world and divide them Sir I'm not gonna argue left wing right wing I quit that like 20 years ago on issue I'm not you you believe whatever you want I'm not gonna change your mind. You're not gonna change mind. Okay We got to we have a bunch of Nazis who are running this country right now You're free to move your freedoms are dissipating by the minute and have a nice day Okay, oh that's it's like light bulb radio What everything else has been going on this guy wants to call he loves this show He's glad you're my voice, but he's gonna convert me to whatever you know It's not gonna happen you're we're spinning your wheels. It's boring. It's ponders Oh, it's the right against the left it. Oh, look at that the Dow is down another 90 points And that's that 21 is this pantheon rally that we just had. It's not looking too good again today. You know And the year roast the left there at about one thirteen Canadian dollars up to like 72 to 73 cent American dollars still in the crapper all I know all I can tell you is that unemployment isn't embarrassing 6.4% 6.4% This man has lost more jobs for America two and a half million in just two years than any presidents in Herbert Hoover Anybody remember him? Yeah AKA the man we've given us the great depression. I remember his backends and they were great. They sucked Yeah, they sucked big time just like this president. Sir have a wonderful life I'm not gonna like chastise you because you know to agree with me you're entitled But don't try to convert me with your economic with your pseudo economic political a bull crap, okay? I don't believe in fascism. That's one of the reasons that I could never be involved with this show What's going on in America right now? And that's another reason I'm delighted to be here a part of the year in Toronto And by the way, Miss Fudge I'll be bashing Bush just as much when I'm down there all winter long in South Florida and sunny South Florida from the direction home And in my nursing home, in fact, maybe he can visit me in the ACLF it'll be right up the block on the beach there Yeah, oh yeah, it's the continental meal staying at the continental nursing home and Miss Fudge comes and visits and feeds him every day He could wheel you around he can he can spoon feed me you know that that real soft whatever that stuff is Problem yeah, problem. Well, he's specializes in that Boy, I never realized just how obsessed that child was with this program. Well, yeah, it's probably a fact came to your last appearance I understand that he comes to you guys always around came to the pizza loft and and poor Lynn Samuel she's in a background I thought she was his mother. I'm sorry No, I really did I don't know I'm figure this guy is bringing lives with his mother That's what I told you to do to me Well, that's because she didn't have the nerve to come up and introduce her suffer. He was too rude one of the other And by the way, Lynn, I did block you on my email So I can't talk to you anymore, but I'm just I just can't deal with it anymore Just you know she's in denial about certain things and she's in pride. Oh, she's in that little pick her friend Like mocan pick his ass you can pick her friends. How's this pool coming? Oh, oh Wow, Scott You dick See he he knows the words. He just doesn't know when he uses or how to use them that's the problem the context Now I could sit him down. Instead of all these stupid meetings with Duff and Greg neither one of whom has any idea what it's all about I could sit him down for an hour. Maybe I'll do it when I come down there And explain to him where the problem lies and we everything would be great because we're doing too well Now to screw it up, okay, if you want that old fart on and a morning with Gully for when everybody is asleep I don't really care. It's but his comments this morning Well, much to me or rather should grin I don't care if he's there as long as he's not in a building what on there number one and number two. It's like the Fredo thing remember But then so when Michael was going through the thing I don't want I don't want to be in the house and mom and mom is house the same day that you are And that's it get him out of the building when I shoot up there. That's number one and number two Have a nice separation between his crap and us and that's what we got right now Separation between his crap and us 85 votes who is more obscene or vulgar Scott for rout 31 Neither one twenty who's got for rout 19 and neo-rodger's 15 How do you like that Scott? Huh I guarantee he thought it was going to and then he's giving me well Let's wait for mom. It's late 30 days 1041 at 5.60 WDQ. I'm hurricane season. Sir before storm hits you always put up shutters to protect the windows and doors of your home But what about the roof of that house? The so-made paint factory makes roof master kids a roof coating to can up your hurricane proof your roof So may his roof master saved hundreds and hundreds of roofs during hurricane Andrew While unprotected roofs are absolutely peeling off and flying down the Hershey highway So may's also got water proof coatings for every kind of roof Call the so-made paint factory at 305 6336333 The so-made paint factories the oldest quality paint waterproof coating manufacturer in Florida So may will save you money because they eliminate the middle man markups they sell to everybody wholesale prices That are 60% lower than what you'd pay for the same national brand in your retail store So protect your home and property and save a lot of cash from South Florida's top tropical climate With the best paints and water proof coatings at the best prices Call so-made paint factory SO-M-A-Y at 305 63363333 Or find them on a web at so-made like I said SO-M-A-Y dot com You save yourself a Schmidt load a cash when you buy direct from the so-made paint factory Be sure and comment ancient new tutored in call 305 63363333 Lime and local we're sports radio 560 2AM Roger 560 WQAM is relieved to present the Farell and Gildy show That is the final stop boy is just those veteran in that it's no time Yeah, I don't have to bring a towel to light the chair off no more No more No, this is my voice I'm not putting you on every day I wake up sound in the same way Hey, you're going to say I was saying I was saying You want to change your voice? Yeah, I want to grab me when I do I know you gotta do this grab your balls like that I'm going to do my balls Why aren't you like that and come this way Try to touch the good once you pump for Jesus Yeah make changing your Eric nuestros 1046 and 560 WDQM here's a thanks from Nadine says I saw power to the Caribbean yesterday was a real treat great Johnny Depp played a very very swishy pirate camp in Jack Spiro. In other words, maybe he flew with a swishbuckler. His acting role was another unique one comedic and sensually deserves an Oscar Jester as looks and charisma, a well needed diversion from Sarah Goldfarb momentum and pie. A pie was on again yesterday on one of those unlike IFC. He still stuck the drill this had to be in the movie. Lighten up and everyone take the kids to it says I must add that watching the movie was also very sentimental trip for me. It brought me back to Miramar 1977 when I was a class mom on a trip to Disney with my daughter Julie, Johnny and plenty other kids from Perry Middle School. Johnny as I've pulled you hung out with my daughter and spent many hours in my home in Miramar, the movie brought me back 25 plus years when the pirates ride was just completed. I would never have dreamed that Chai and Dark Johnny would become such a big talent and a movie idol of mine. It says Neil you'll do cartwheels when you see him. Love the show staff and website Nadine, pecking Nadine. Good Chai a big kiss for me right in lips. Boy, I missed my chance. Just like a silo said, I'm the hunted one. I missed my chance. What guarantee is going to give you? And that's something like it goes like that. I'm a nerd in the car. What guarantee is going to give you Mikey? Here's one from Paul says with all the movie talk of late. I can't believe nobody mentioned the flick and even bacon. Coincidentally, I saw a little bit of that over last weekend. I think it was also an IFC. All of the movies are on IFC. The movie was written directed and produced by Michael Morris during John Candy with co-stars Alan Alder, Reo Pearlman and Dan Acquid. It's a comedy about how the public can be manipulated into believing that Canada is going to invade the USA. This is maybe that's why jambles here yesterday planning the seeds. This is fabricated to boost the president's popularity ratings and give a boost to the slumping military industry. They've been mentioned creating a war on terror. Michael Morris right on with this flick and Tomase he didn't get more exposure when it was released in 1995. Maybe it was released about six years too soon. If nothing else, your life, your ass off are all the jokes about Canadians, but the stereotypes are called Yahoo Redblooded Americans. I brought my copy from Amazon.com. I'll watch it over and over again. Yeah, it looked like pretty interesting, but I guess it was almost over by a time I got into it. John Candy was still alive in it though. That was a good news. Hillary Clinton's book tops a million in sales. What you're getting to hear for free on his show? How do you like that? Oh, good. Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton is sold more than a million copies of her memoir Living History and almost exactly a month. That announcement came yesterday from her publisher Simon and Schuster. The company's pleased to have what it calls the books unprecedented sales levels. The company ordered a million copies for the first printing and extraordinarily high number for a nonfiction book. Living History's hit the store is June 9th, Yani Yani. It says Clinton's gravity or first series of book signing appearances while Congress was in recess last week. So far it sucks. Boring. He doesn't tell you a goddamn thing. Look at the poor results so far. He's got. Oh, that's right. He's probably in a meeting. 133 votes. Who's more obscene or vulgar? Scott for Rale 51. Neither 134. Who is Scott for Rale 27? The arrive is 21. You following those numbers? How can change? It's going to change. We'll leave that on there for a while because the second pool. In fact, the second pool we're going to have. Now I'm trying to think of why I wasn't inspired to do this because I was going to do the pool. That somebody suggested about who would you who how did I word it? Which of the I got it. I got it. I actually wrote it up. I'm saving it for next week. Which of these performers is an absolute must see for you and a movie around TV? I'm, huh? I figured part of it. I thought you were talking about the other one. What other one? The other one for today? No, I'm saying this is the one I was going to do. And then something inspired me to do this, which well known American is the biggest asshole of them all. GW Bush, Mohour David and that's my short list. So well, I will let the audience decide who they want to be on that. Which well known American, that's going to be our second pool. I think we'll leave this one on there for what moon? Okay, have to show. For a couple of hours and then Scott will have to live a result in either cleanup exact or make excuses. Wow, we're doing it again in 30 days. We'll do it again in six months. No matter how, what time period it's going to come out the same. And there's nothing wrong with being vulgar. All the way up scene is the get nervous about that. But there's nothing wrong with being a little bit vulgar. But if you don't want to have too many meetings, you probably like, uh, make cut back a little bit, you know, cut back one rack. Florida woman on house. This is one of the cutest stories I've ever seen in my life. From Braden to no less, Florida woman on a house arrest sneaks out for a spring or show. Do you see the story? Nope. The episode of the Jerry spring or show is dubbed sneaky sex affairs, but Braden to no official say the real sneaking was done by a woman on a house arrest who was called a jail for an opportunity to appear on the Ronsey Talk Show. Barbara Payne 21 traveled to Chicago in April with her living boyfriend and twin sister to be on an episode of the show which airs tomorrow no less. On the show, the trio spun a tail that Payne's boyfriend was having an affair with her sister. Payne who was seven months pregnant with serving house of her felony burglar hand grant that charges. A perfect guest for Jerry spring or by the way. She needed permission to leave Manatee County for the Chicago taping of the show and floated Department of Corrections officials said Payne stayed in elaborate ruse to get them to approve the trip. She faced a letter reporting to be from a Chicago funeral home to where probation officer reporting the death of her grandmother and asked her permission to attend a funeral. The probation officer rejected the request and they suspicious probation officer began and investigating. Community control officer Steve Queens and Dury went to her house and discovered she was gone according to probation and arrest reports. Neighbors told him she had talked of going on the spring or show and it called with a funeral home revealed the letter was a fraud. How do you like that? She's gone. She's looking at going the prison for going on Jerry springer so the assistant state attorney Steve Michaels was prosecuted the case. Put her ass in jail is what I say. Oh yeah. Try that bitch. Anybody go on the. Also another movie I watched the other night. Yeah, I'll be for last. Pretty weak. You were right. You had this one the size of very well. But it's it's you know if you like Jerry Lido. Oh, that the teen slaughterer thing urban legend. Right. Very unscathetic about it too. It's what it is if you like those a teen it's a flasher movie and it does it has some twists and turns and it does keep you wondering and I still like the the scene where the Black lady security guard she gets shot and she's lying on a ground and I don't remember who says the line but somebody says meaning money as dear Lido's about to get shot and the Black lady security guard who's lying around a floor bleeding she all of a sudden she shoots somebody and no she says Mo and I just cracked up what she said you know absolutely yeah because she said it would such tremendous enthusiasm when she fired off that when she squeezed it off and the bullet too. West Bentley why don't have all that's right Ricky fits was his character in American beauty. Okay. Although Jared Lido looked so good in urban legend I want to hop into the screen. You could see that he had a few meals and that will be unlike Rickley and for Dream where he walked down yeah he slimmed down for the part. He slid down and must have done a care and carpenter die for a month before he went into the rec one but in urban legend he looks like my kind of guy to catch my drift anyway it's okay but don't go and spend money to buy it. Somebody who's got a copy of it will be more than happy to get rid of it and hand it to. 155 votes who's more of senior vulgar Scott for Rale 60 neither 140 who's got for Rale 29 and he arrived just 26. Got a big lead on me right now I'm going to work to try to catch up. 567 0560 pound 560 on a AT&T you know how can probably catch her real fast? Oh yeah. Yeah that would do it. It would do the job. Believe me. Here's Rush Palm Beach. Hello. Hey how's it going Neil? Pretty good sir. I haven't had the opportunity to listen to him quite some time and there's been a pleasure I caught you Tuesday and obviously today. I think I'm in the exact I didn't get in on these actually so listen to you all the time just I'm fortunate my job didn't allow me to anymore but a couple of things the other day the poll and you guys are doing the lesbian poll I don't know if anyone ever mentioned Martha Stewart or Michael Jackson on it. Martha Stewart would have been good Martha would have been a good guest. Do anything Michael's particular means no? I think Michael is good for nothing. All right anyway two movies real quick did you ever think Michael has a penis? All right I don't I really don't. Have you ever seen a movie freeway? No I've seen a ticket. That's the it way. Yeah almost the same thing. Check that out sometimes you want to see a movie or welcome to the doll house or the two kind of sleep or movie. Well you're welcome to the doll house is by the guy who did the happiness right? Yeah I think so. That's a good flick though and freeway is great I think it's Reese Whitersman's first movie and it's got two for seven enemies like a freeway killer and she's a white trash runaway and they have that as pretty cool sounds good to me. All right man listen to pleasure listen to you. Thanks pal have a great day. Oh by the way yes old school Yamama boy boy. All right exactly how long freeway it was okay you see Spigot he was right there Was he in the crouching position? In that last the 50 minutes of her community that was pretty interesting There was a lot of brother and I don't want to give it away but I will say this to you okay Haven't I always said that every single homophobic that I've ever encountered in my life is a closet Fag every single one of them I've always said that and I stand by it well it has to go from somewhere There are no exceptions everyone that's obsessed with that is for a particular reason it's something inside themselves That they hate they can't deal with that they yeah, you know why would they be otherwise exactly who the hell cares? That's what same people say who the hell cares? That's what the Supreme Court even our right wing Supreme Court said two weeks ago who the hell cares But the consenting adults who don't be high-close doors as long as nobody's getting hurt Rebuys or whatever sometimes it hurts out here Well, that's if they like it you know what I'm saying. Oh right 1057 at five 60 hey listen if you're gonna do that kind of stuff do it on a great mattress If you're waiting to call dial a mattress and your old one is lumpy and bumpy and worn out in the mattress Two I have no idea what you're waiting for because like I've been telling you for several years now This is the intelligent way if you want the very best brand to discount prices every single day of your life with no hassles of showroom shopping Here's the way you do it you pick up the phone you call 1-800 mattress. That's it because these people have got delivery down to a science You picked the date and time to fit your schedule the two are window like between noon and two or one and three How refreshing is that whoever heard us such a thing and guess what they actually show up on time you get the two our windows You're not sitting home all day long and dollar mattress delivers evenings weekends and holidays whenever it's both most convenient for you Maybe you're thinking about getting one of those sweetest phone mattresses that you see in especially stores. Well guess what Dallow mattress carries 10 for pedic and of course they've got all the big brand names Sort of Simmons Kingcore on ceiling at low every day unbeatable prices too So I have in the biggest mattress during a country just an easy phone call away I've been using them for years George use them and of course the lovely Miguel recently called 1-800 mattress and is Raving about the new mattress you got in the way the whole dealboard. They showed up on time Set up the new one took away the smelly crappy heavily soiled old mattress and did everything for them So don't wait another minute doing easy pieces shopping and get yourself a great night sleep for a long time to come with one easy phone call 1-800 mattress 1-800 Emmie what is it? Hi, you're supposed MATT RES M-A E-Mount of MATT 1-800 mattress or check them out on the web if you'd like at macros.com Nioan god turned about Ryan Listen Get your awesome right me. Have you been here before no third sky? Which is freeway freeway back to米. weren't they Get please nature they get it around here You here to get Oh, I don't know. You work around here? I'm a waiter, but actually I'm an actor. Oh yeah, yeah, I know. What can happen? You probably need to relax. Oh, I'll say, but you know, with everything it's a news and all, it's just hey, you can start relaxing right now, all freeway. I brought something. Ooh, she. Mm-hmm. And freeway. Not just any she either. Look. Wow, gold lament. Oh, she's pretty good. Oh, my god. I'm a good person. Most important part, freeway, is the Pro-Tech label. Pro-Tech? Uh-huh. Aren't those in dorm? By the city council of San Francisco? Uh, absolutely. You know the Pro-Tech slogan, though. I sure do. Certified state by the city by the bay. Well, what do you say? Sorry. Look at that. I dropped the soap again. Oh, wow, can you? You bet your life he will. And with confidence, because freeway and spik it have, condoms. Don't let worry, spoil those cans, meetings, and public showers. Always carry, Pro-Tech. The Pro-Tech sheet. So they won't send you a re-protect condoms. The vision of black black housing garden has been called division. Keeping such a wish in space in 1887. 11.026. Do you know what it's all about? The Pro-Tech sheet. So they won't send you a re-protect condoms. The vision of black black housing garden has been called division. Keeping such a wish in space in 1887. 11.026. 11.026. You know, Scott, when we hit our little cross over this morning was making a big deal about that word. Blackcomb. What is wrong with that? I don't know. Very scientific, is it? I mean, it doesn't everybody have one last time we checked. Because people are walking, there's some people are walking. Blackcomb. Now that I mentioned it, you're right. Here's a facts from Maria who says, I told you American Beauty was good. I love the fast food scene. Yeah, we were talking about that before the show this morning. That was one of the highlights. When Kevin Spacey quits his job, gets that great severance package, kind of black males himself and with severance. Kind of like some people kind of like, uh, coars their way in like an extension of their contract. We rumors that we're here, huh? Huh? I'm not talking about anybody specific. I'm super good. I just hear these rumors about how some people pull off deals like that anyway. And then so we go to work at a fast food joint and they say you're a little over qualified. A little bit too old for this. I've got a experience. And so he's working to drive through window. And I don't want to give it away. But it is a great scene. That it's in by the way, it's not a good movie. It's sensational. I give it like 10 out of a scale of 10 is one of my all kinds of stuff. Yeah, and I got in my head right now in the DVD as well. When we were a five Academy Awards, I mean, what's not to like? Over 275 top 10 list named Best Picture of the Year by over 65 critics. And what year was this? 2000, better or less, 1999? It's up like that. I couldn't look at my book but a way so damn much. Oh, oh, oh, yes. I wish you could see this book. This one was real gigantic humongous books. About 4,000 pages. Let's see. What is my bone book? The name of this book is Video Hounds Golden movie Retriever 2003. You know, me with the Golden Retrievers, I like them anyways. I was attracted to plus it's so damn complete. Let's see. American, what is it? American Beauty. Let me know in Carlisves, just a nod in here. I'm just joking. Three and a half bones. 1999. Only three and a half out of four. That's what it deserves. What could possibly be the knock on F-flick, huh? We want our half a bone back. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T. And Verizon Line. We're also taking your nominations for our second poll that will go up around noon, which well-known American is the biggest asshole of them all. Reason I say well-known, it's got to be like a public figure, you know, right? Not like Tom Schwartz who lives down the street or is something like that. Public figure. Here's a call from Blighton Beach, hello. The Opring Arts Peppers and such each. I needed to ask George a question. Yeah. You'd receive my facts concerning an internship possibly on your show. Yeah, I got it as I filed it. What happens from there, George? I'll get back to you, Diana. It's all just Carlos's late one more time. It's not Diana. Oh yeah, as a matter of fact, you might have a good shot at it because Carlos is like Right on the edge. I would love to be on his edge. On whose edge? Your edge. And you know, it's good by a fall. Filed it in the other file. Right, I just, I mean, I'm a floor then I just defiled it. Yeah, Carlos is right on the edge because he just doesn't understand the meaning of you know, getting there like on time and getting the, but times the reason before he start to show him being prepared to like be a part of the show with us and do the things, you know, he just can't get it done. Kenny. Definitely silence again. Absolutely silence. I mean, I'm not working. He's busy. He's busy doing the stuff. He should have been doing about 9.30 this morning. Right. Get mulled in, and of course he probably craft his paddle loonies when he came inside. I had 18 bedtime stories from to put up on our website today. See, I don't believe in dick and around. See, though he said that again, I don't believe in that. If we're going to have a website in there that we can be proud of and mostly thanks to him. But nevertheless, then let's consistently be on it. Okay. Not the slip shot and slack and what would it have to get around to it like it's an afterthought or after birth or crap like that? Get with it. Which is more of an, an addition of which isn't today payday? Yes. Oh, the hell of a nod? Yeah. And for him, he gets paid with a like a check. He has direct deposit. I got direct deposit. Because you're on the payroll. Those are not great. I asked him if I can get direct deposit to avoid my banking problems with those best news at the first union of my coviour. Oh, you're a separate because you're not on pay roll and you're an independent contractor. Yeah. Yeah. That would require the beesleys to make a little bit too much effort over their in Naples, which of course they have no interest in doing. And we'll also save them having to FedEx those in the packages over every, you know, it would save everybody a lot of hassle. Because when you get direct deposit, it's not like a check it. There's no hold on anything because they're like the positing the cash and you account. Which is probably another reason they don't want to do it. I probably have to take up a collection over there on the street corner to cover the check every payday. It's parents still on sick or what? No, it's sore in this morning. So I'm this morning. Well, I want to make damn sure that that check is in my box. You know what I'm saying? Clarence, get your nose out of the beast box and get it back into my box. So, okay, when I make damn sure that everything is a copacetic, you'll need any more damn financial problems, banking problems. Let me say it again, Mark. Kovia bank blows, okay? I just want you to understand they suck. I mean, it was a nice guy that rumor of all people got me in touch with. And he listens to the show. I hope he's not listening now. Hope he's working. But, you know, he's a good guy. And he is trying to be helpful. But I'm going to tell you, I'm dubious and best. I'll be shocked. I'll be shocked if I go another two months without another disaster from the ineptitude of the mid-course union. You're not just a statistic anymore, but you're like a 75 digits statistic. And just when I had my damn check, my personal check in a count number memorized, the nine digit number. Yeah, which isn't that big of a deal even for an old fossil like me. Now, it's not nine. Now it's 15 digits. Mr. Schmendrick. Now it's 15 digits. Well, excuse me. Look at the response we're getting on this poll today. Who's more obscene or vulgar? We'll start with this about 1035. Like a half an hour, 244 votes George. George had a big response on his poll yesterday too. I had no idea why. Because because now you've got to lead in, we're back to 10 to 2. So we're starting to turn a corner now. And if they would just stop, you know, I didn't hear what you were right. I heard about two minutes. So yes, I couldn't handle it. Because it was getting me wound up. And yeah, your phone call got me wound up. Sorry. But again, no. Come on, you're right. There are a bunch of pussy. See, they want greatness. They want the big numbers. They want to dominate the AM radio market. Which we should be. But on the other hand, they're so nervous. They're so nervous. Oh, gee, you're going to do this. You know, just stop being so nervous. Okay. I mean, I understand that the guy needs a little bit. He's a loose cannon and then it gets a little hysterical now and end. Like every day. But, you know, just calm down. Especially like that business with that cancer and heres thing. You would have thought it was like, you would have thought that it was a legitimate problem. There was there anything? No, it was nothing to it. And then not only do they come in and grow, be George. No, I didn't do it. They didn't do it. They didn't do it. Then they pretend that they never did that. That they really weren't that concerned. But they just wanted to pass it. But right. I made it all up. Like he's the one that's defending them. I'm not talking about it. Oh, now for five and a half years. And even by the long distance, I can smell what they're dropping in their pantalones. Okay. 213 votes. Who's more of senior vulgar Scott for Rau 75. Played it up, Scott. Fin up your act. You maniac. And we say that is because we, oh, God, God forbid. We should lose him. Oh, no. No. Because we don't want to be no rams with mow. Absolutely. No mow with that crap. We don't want to be back to back side by each with that old third burger. With Dennis and the one every day. Oh, and number two we remember when I'm not leaving tentin to another. We got this time slot back. That's it. We're not giving it back to you. Neither one 58 vulgar. Who's Scott for Rau 41. You're Rau just 38. So 75 to 38. He's got me like double now. Here's a call from IME Beach, hello. Hi, man. The warrior. Okay, sir. I listened today to that first cross over it. And really was pathetic. I'm pathetic. Well, the, I thought we had a lot of fun today. No, not you. I mean the first cross. All right. We're talking about mow and rye. You can't make a guy that is not funny. Sound for me because then he's contrite. Absolutely. And really, I was surprised. For ever, it's been a very good addition to this station. Yes. And with you, he makes a good, a good, you know, a good couple of to listen to for a while. Good couple. I'll say good couple. But if he, if he was a talk show that does, a sports, he, he will have half of his listeners. The reason that people listen to him because he's entertaining. Yeah, he's on a case, right? And a sports show that boring. Right. But you know, you know, who the first one who said that before he came on a year last March, year ago, March was was Mr. Moe himself made the comment in very Jack As has come that sports talk is boring. And you know what he was right. Well, he's always been, the tradition to the same people, guessing who he's bad at, who he's called a win. Well, on a loose, that's a, that's stupid. If I had to hear one more word about Zo. If I ever heard that name again, I mean, with all and I'll do me spec with his physical problems. But if I have to hear about Zo anymore, I just can't deal with it. Who is, uh, me's flush that you talk about. Matt Drugs, don't you know the Dredge report? Oh, the guy that he's stuck to to the first match? Right. That's it. Oh, how I'm with it. For that. This is my call, brother. You know, he might be a good substitute for Statsau, they mentioned it. My, my candidate for the second poll without any questions. And he's good. That he said 12 o'clock is rush limbo. Oh, good one. He is in my opinion more vulgar than you or anybody else in radio. Yes, I've seen everybody comes out of his mouth as a way. I've heard of it. Not to mention that he lies to his teeth every day. I think that's more vulgar than any kind of word that anybody came say that. Amen. And I voted neither you or for real are vulgar. What a guy. I asked the hero. I believe me. And to close. Yes. I understand I have a friend that told me that there is a one of the movie called Correctum for a dream. Correctum. I'll get right on it. Okay. I'll take care of me. Okay. 1113 at 560 WCM. Here's a store that's been around for 25 years. Let's hear it. Her friends at Brandy Shoes in Pompatau Beach. All right. 19. What year would they have started? Okay. That's the year. Guess who was born in that year? West Bentley, who was in American Beauty. He played Ricky at Tiki. What was his name? Ricky Fits. Why do you pretend you don't know who that is? What? I saw it a long time ago. He had a rough life. You should know who was. He was a drug drug kid. Right. And you were a bitch in before to show about his overpriced pot. Anyway, right. At Brandy's they carried the top brands in the universe, which is one of the many reasons they've been around for 25 years in South Florida. They got rock ports, echoes, muffisto, timid on Clark's essayist, Floresha. They'll take good care of your Tutsies in, of course, no matter what size you are. They'll take care of men's size of 6 to 15 women's five to 12. Wits from the very narrow to the very, very wide. And of course, their store is grown like tops. Over the years, they got over 40,000 pair of shoes in stock. And their gigantic humongous 8,000 square foot mega store. So you're looking for it. They got a guaranteed brandy shoe is the Retrap 19 North Federal Highway in Pompatau Beach. Open daily 9 to 9 Sundays 10 to 5. Be sure and tell them, please, that old Neil sent you by. And this week, it's a great time to buy essay issues at Brandy's. All men's and women's great styles are 20% off and more. So come into the store or visit them on a web if you like it. Brandy shoes that's all one word. Brandyschoose.com. And look, this is for Real by City. You way too way. Were you fudge back then? Were you dudge back then? Coming up tonight. Uninside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music bar with the Profile Story. There were three of them. And yet they had the balls to call themselves The Thompson Twins. Really? I mean, who are these Thompson? Nobody I know. Thompson Twins former manager, Slappy Gold. These guys were in absolute bitch to manage. They started back in the late 70s with four guys. Tom Bailey, Pete, Rod, John, Rugen, Chris Bell. I say to them, where are you getting a guy named Thompson? And by the way, you're not twins, you morons! Things became even more complicated when Tom Bailey met and married a lot of curry and she became a member of the band. Now we got five people. You're with your twins named Thompson. Finally, the band's Rody, Joe Leeway also joined after he displayed a talent for playing the congregorums. This is just great. Six people, one female, one black guy, and the ones related. Some twins, my cottage cheese ass! But of course in 1982, Pete, John and Chris left the band. Thompson Twins found her Tom Bailey. And that left the three of us, and Slappy was so happy. You're so close, he used to say, lose the docks in guy and people might actually buy you and your wife as the Thompson Twins. But Bailey refused to kick Joe Leeway out of the band. Luckily, no one knew he was there anyway. So the Thompson Twins finally hit a big. Ah, they hit it big and spider that dumb ass self. Man, they put me through hell. What's that word that Brits used for a masturbator? Wait a minute. Wanker, that's it. Yeah, that's what they were. Wankers. The Thompson Twins. What's that phrase that Brits used for? No longer famous. Oh yeah, no longer famous. It's a big juicy, soft and white blanket show business tonight on inside of a hive. That was another great scene that I'm working with when he was thinking about the Blanchick. Yeah, what if I was about, he looked about 15 years old and he's lying in bed yankin it and his wife finally, she bounced out of a deep sleep and realized that something is happening in the bed. You're masturbating. Let's disgusting. She was great. And that bed. Yes, and that bed was fantastic. In fact, in watching the additional stuff, you know, the interviews, they said once she got into the character, they couldn't stop her and they were showing some of the outtakes it was a little while. Here's a pig report. Pines pigs are on tap just east of Fulmingo. What a surprise. I said if you live in Pembroke Pines, good luck to you. It's all I can tell you. They're obsessive. They're other minds. Tap just east of Fulmingo. They got it set up. What a radar. And also, what does this say? Union planters on Pinyl and your clearing. What does that mean? Oh, onion planters. What do what does that mean? I don't know. Onion planters on Pinyl and your clearing. Okay. Whatever. They're out there. Here's a fact that says Miss Fudge, whining about somebody else reporting a hoax is pretty funny. He carried on for days about the stories that turned out to be total harsh. One that I recall is the interracial love child that Bill Clinton supposedly father. The story made headlines on his website for days. It was complete crap. I guess he forget such things now. Must be crystal poisoning. Finally catching up with them. By the way, can you play fisting the night away, Miss Honor? Another funny thing is how it constantly tells his friend and his son to talk about self-hating. She's a piece of work a virulent anti-gave bag. It takes all kinds, I guess. It's remarkable that too such twisted and hateful people found each other's Dispactor. TS. We call on American Beauty, Kevin Spacey's excellent and unusual suspect as well. And one final film, this regard your pet beeners and try Heath. But she and a winner give to her best-liter day performances. Epic crime drama. I think you're like, okay. So I got you. Usual suspects. And heat. If you must. What? Why you don't like heat? I, I own it. You want me to buy you one? No, I can't be. I'm crossing out. I heard bad things about it. The usual suspects, everybody says pretty good. It was long. I mean, it was all right, but it was just long and fat and thick. And not what they want. Oh, he's long and fat and thick. Oh, I guess you like that sort of thing. Are you talking about West Bentley again? He was an interesting guy, West Bentley. When I first saw him in a movie, I talked to myself. He's kind of strange looking, you know? But then again, he was supposed to be strange looking because he was like a little. And of course, when we find out about his family, how'd you like his mother? Forget about the father. Woo! How'd you like the mother talk about ineffectual? Talk about one of those military wives who's been putting her place in tough and just showed up and become a toast 99% of the time. I said, 2406 votes on the full Scott. I hope you're meeting his over. You're having to save your pack up to Boca Scott. He looked as French toast in the microwave. And you left your French toast in the microwave. You could have shared it with, with Moth in their meeting. They could have like met at the middle of the first slice. Who's more obscene or vulgar? Scott for REL 92. 249 votes. Neither one 64. Who's Scott for REL 51? The O'Rages 41. For REL 92, yours truly 41. Okay. More than two to one. All right. And it's not enough. But I mean, he laid down the challenge this morning. I was the guy. There's no way. Do you honestly believe? If you were to vote right now. Yes. Neil can argue in the, I have to drop that. I'll drop that of a stroke. If he argues with me by the time. I can play his two CDs that he gave me as a gift. Yeah. And you know I absolutely adore this guy. I do. I listen to him every day. I love him. I get along with him. I love George and Carlos. I mean, the gypsy home pharmacy. I hang out in there every day. And listen. But there's no way. I can play five songs of it. Each of those CDs. And every one of them offends at least five to ten groups of ethnic diversity. There is no way that I am more vulgar than that guy. Okay. Whatever you say, anybody buy it? Oh, not too many. Okay. So this five does get a lot of pre-publicity. Don't forget, drug report. I'm sure my name will be under again soon. Okay. Once I get back into my nursing home. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T. We're not getting much of a list here for the other pool. We got to start it at noon. We need to build a list. Which well-known American is the biggest asshole of the mall. We've got George W. Bush. Mohour David and Rush Limbaugh. Only three so far. Here's a call from Boko. It says online nine. But beware. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Got you for the list. Okay. Donald Rumsfield and Charleston have some. Two good ones. And I got something that you got to see. Biglbowski. Keep waiting for the hear you talk about it. It's a great play. I'm looking for it. The other day couldn't find it in my music store. I've different from George. I think you'll probably enjoy it. I haven't seen it. I've been your voice the one who said that I won't like it. Great flick. Okay. I'll get it. I got one of the questions. I've been listening to you for a long time. And I've tried to figure out how long. When you had a show when you threw the bird out of the building. And you had to call you over the phone to try to get back in. I got one. 91. No, that wasn't 91. What are you talking about? That's when you fired him. Get out of here. I went to IOD in 88. And he was with, huh? I thought it was 89. Get out of here. No way. I didn't. He was with me. I would say it was an 89 at half. 89 or 90. All right. I still remember it was funny as well. I got that or no. To have a great day, pal. Good old bird, rest in peace. We had our moments. We had our mom. No, was my mistake. I was trying to like, bring him along. You know how like, and try to nurture people. And like, you know, stick up for them when they're going to go. Stick up for them when they're being put upon and people are trying to get their ass fired. You can relate to that right now. No. And so I like felt so. I felt sorry for him for extra reason because he was like, Gimpy, you know, he was like he had MN. No, that's that funny. I didn't ask any walk with a cane. And a lot of times he would try to do stuff that he couldn't do. Be kidding. He would fall down and stuff. It was like, you know, I'll say, I'll say this much. And I know you're going to disagree. But when I wasn't there and I granted the shows that he had filling in where left to make my blood curdle. But at least he kept, you see what I'm saying? You kept like you do. He kept them momentum going. I think there's a great parallel there. Ever see George and the bird together? Oh, I rest my case. I think it's the same person. I think George is the Cuban bird. El Pachalito. Oh, we got a call. You understand what I'm saying? I do understand what you're saying. But even though he in his mind, he thought that, well, look at that. We had the rating only went down. He thought that he could do the show. But at least, you know, he would encourage all the people to call in and take cheap shots of me. But that's where the chronic's on for hours. He would put them on hold, take a break, put them back. Are you not going to dead yet? Yes. Okay. So it's like, I can't pretend for many time you make sure the word comes. No, no, no. I'm not talking about that part of it. That's why I can't his ass. That was why I got him off the show. He was killing the show. And then I had that stroke. And that's when they brought in a Rick and suds to fill in. And Alex Benuch, Sammy, we've had all of these things go on. We should write a not like a regular book. I should write a soft Florida book. Okay. Because Tom Jickasher is holds too lazy to find out what they'll ever happen in South Florida broadcasting about about my almost 30 years in South Florida radio. All the stuff that's happened down here, my God. And of course, the QA and you could write like 50 chapters about that crap. And I'll Greg Weed is tried, this way to destroy the radio station. And now, you know, something I think it's it's so sweet. I'm just rubbing my hands together. Seeing that the fruits of his own, grow test behavior are coming home to smack him in the vacuum. Yes. I hope that rumor that we're hearing around a building about mowing an extended contract. I hope that rumor is true because wouldn't that be something? Like letting a snake into your house and you know, and just sitting around a waiting for it to attack. Letting a cobra into the, putting it on the dining room table and just waiting to see what's going to attack first. I've gone Greg, you know how to do it, baby. Not. 28 past 11 of QA. I'll tell you some people know how to do it. They were my house Tuesday, two days ago, dry concepts. Flu on the sandside because now that both my dogs are in doggy heaven. I mean, that was a big reason that I had to have dry concepts because when you have two dogs, man, they make a mess, they do a number, yes, they do. And dry concepts was there. My spy report tells me that they did a stupid pen this job, just like they'll do in your house. So when you, it's time to have your carpets clean and look and just like, brand new, concepts, you'll never go wrong. It's the number one carpet cleaning company in the world for over 20 years and the only carpet cleaning company that actually will dry clean your carpets hence the name. And now dry concepts offers you a chance to say 15% on your next carpet cleaning. Just call them toll free, 1-800-248-5071, ask to be put on the stand by list. In fact, Benny King will be singing in the background. And then dry concepts will occur the next time they have an opening in their schedule. Just like when you're fly stand by it's the same concept, if you're available when they have an opening, they'll knock 15% off the price and come and make your carpets look and smell and feel just like brand new. So call dry concepts today as to be put on their stand by list. They might even have an opening for you on the same day that you call. And if that's the case, you'll get 15% off the regular price of the job. What's not to like? Call toll free, 1-800-248-5071, 2-4-8-5071, 2-4-8-5071 or check them out on the web at dryconcepts.com. 5-800-36556, 3-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800 800-800-800-600-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-BREAN SUCAR, 10-Rememmalov. I thought I'd hold that net down For three and a quarter for three I thought I'd hold that net down And all the redneck were drained And then with turn, fat, heavy, all We'll pin their ash with a nuclear bomb BAM! I got to bring them off I got to bring them off The black rapids of a full play He was an oilman And my grandfather called me I had a shinner's through play And he said he was a dieted bat And he's already fat For a challenge steal To the matche third ride Now the word resorts us, I'm gonna take Death to all Who's fair standing my way Who is above that wild I saw a little fat get down To get get rid of the stirs ring And that's why I'd pour those shashu's down And all the dashals believe in you and The earth's weak Yeah, the earth's weak Yeah, the earth's weak Absolutely 112356 You've got Joe Rose for the Mad Dog To our new hero Joe Rose Oh right Fill in today The word on the street See you think this business would have jick Or while he goes all the way up there in Toronto How's he going to keep in touch? Believe me Tom, I'm touching it. Okay. I have got my thumb right on it. I know exactly what's going on down there and guess who I joe is He has drawn the line in the sand. He said it's all over between him and ours from Boka and him Right, yeah, it's all over the gloves are off Joe rose. He might actually attack him again today on a year. Our from Boka. He's had it with him And he insists by the way that they hit there is no question that was him that made the call that they which he's nice It was ours from Boka right so Joe rose will be on two to four to seven and four to six We got guilty At Shulas I have no idea why that is do you have any clue what that's all about? I don't have any clue what anything's all about in this station other than of course it gives him three hours solo without mole And so it'll be actually have we doing his own show even though he's feeling for Hank and so he can make some great audition tapes Then at seven o'clock we got the big and any cat 10 Joe and Marko when I two to five a pristine schedule No Marlon game today after they lost two out of three inch a cargo of the cubs And our 12 and half games behind the brave and four and a half or five whatever it is out of a wild card I mean I don't want to pee on her parade, but it just some people get a little bit premature You know just like here the blue days now and it's below a seven or three lead yesterday lose eight to seven of the red so that was the that was it Don't let me forget on Tuesday to talk to Ferrell about hockey and the fact that the least in the panthers both will not make the playoffs this season Okay, I'm seriously Tuesday got to mention that and also about Dave and boring How he's the most terminal play by play guy in a history of baseball Now also see what I'm doing only these two shows a week this year. This is a bad start the way this is starting out I feel a little bit over involved Do know I mean last summer I felt like you know like I'm making a cannyua appearance a couple of days week this year I feel like a little bit too much involved Especially yesterday morning at about ten after eight, but at any rate Sorry, yeah don't do it again I mean it's a major major emergency, okay other than that I don't want even all about it The hot couples contest is coming along big time, but we had some really good by the way to one picture with a huge long I know that it was cute That's not it's not going on a website So real one in the because they they look fine if they're real people Yeah, if you have if you're real people and you really want to be in the contest and we're not putting any penises or vaginas on a website Bluebees no problem But you have this week and till Monday morning it's in a clock and that's a deadline for the fourth and final hot couples contest for this year And then the pictures will be up on a website starting Monday and then all the way through the following Monday Whoever hits the most votes from our audience wins first prize is either one you choose Three day two night stay for two with the royal oasis resort and casino in a Bahamas with round trip airfare on liquor air or Three day two night stay for two at heatmissum two or three and Jamaica all inclusive Transverse food, drink with two these entertainment no airfare You pick whichever one you want and then the second place the runner's up will get whichever one of those the first place Couple of them take and third prize is dinner for two at the World Famic Flaming Pizza Log and all contestants receive a Dick and cider t-shirt All right, and I've got some really good looking couples on there I'm not saying we didn't have some in the past but in the past we had some that were like stood out from the crowd We got a real good competitive bunch this time. Yeah, we do nothing like having a good bunch Almost 300 votes on that pool in an hour right now Scott there whipped up to a frenzy Who's more obscene or vulgar And yeah, I want to lay down a challenge to him, okay? Not golf because I don't play golf golf is for people board with life But I want to lay down a little bit of a challenge to the for all myster and here it is why not have him tomorrow morning on his show on a QA and website I'm sure that We can't they do that they can do whatever they want No, no seriously, I thought Joshua courtes is the one that handles that website Well, what time does he get in? I don't know he's around the building Ellen sure. Oh, I'm not talking about now I'm talking about tomorrow morning like during the feral show between eight and ten they can spend why me We did this for about two hours they can do two hours on his show and ask the same question You see what I'm saying cuz he can always say well, that's your audience day another suckin up for you I mean, that would be a valid point, you know So I was challenging him to take the same pull on QM.com since he doesn't have his own website. He should But he doesn't maybe mobile on here and we oh, it's picking him up. We got some great new pictures on there Oh Did you make you this the other day no, I didn't know oh those of you who've been remiss I realize it is the summertime and people will find other crap to do but On meoranges.com, which is coming up very slowly Moe had the undernie dancing dwarf moe We now have little baby moe in his shorts Whose practicing is karate and underneath that We've got uh, do you have a is do I have a name on it or not? I don't know how they put a name for you alone. No, just as I have the body of Bruce Lee and also his skills so there I am doing my My best Bruce Lee in personation and that's just a beautiful thing and Moe is just he's he looks like he's getting ready That was cute this morning moe is new gonna die pretty soon. What is he gonna die already that that was you know I'm not sure what you're like better that one of the Dennis call was I didn't hear thank God But we had spy reports we get report and you want to know why Moe? Yeah, see you're supposed to drop in It's the best of some good thanks mo and we're delighted that you're gonna be around another what two three years till he's like 75 excellent See he thinks that bomb is me see I'm not one of those people that wanted to wish his other people ill in their livelihood I don't try to get people can I don't run around a building backstabbing people if I have something to say I'll say need to do your face right here on the ear because I know I know that you're listening Are you listening? I'm listening. I know it I don't go pull and all kinds of crap behind a scene's been pretend to be a littley white and clean and goody two shoes to the public You know all his stuff. Oh, what you can't say this and don't say that yeah, we're pretending that he's not pulling all this crap We're on you been on the if since day one mister So the old koot 20 till noon at five 60 WQM hate this special Judging by the last week for the balance for life this week. I guess through it tomorrow You get 10% off at balance for life when you mention you heard about it here on the meteorologist show the best Delay ever offered it balance for life so you can save some cash and lose that weight now I'm asking for the last time is the beast on the bat on the bag the twenty first is when it will start 21st the 21st of this month. What is there some special reason for that? And I don't know that's just uh that's what I was told well the beast is gone back on it Which ought to tell you something? I mean, we know he's a slob but I can relate to that because I'm a fat slob too But he's tried him all he's lost 60 pounds and balance for life Then he went off the wagon a little bit and he's going back on it 21st and you ought to be doing it too because it's simple It's delicious it keeps you full all day because there's plenty of food which they deliver to you in your little black sack right You're dirt by six every morning and the gut tree delicious gourmet meals in there too delicious next plenty of food like I said Five beatings to keep you going all through the day so you don't have to cheat because you'll be full No cooking no shopping no cleaning no calorie counting no carbohydrate counting They figured out all four years based on the zone diet and believe me it works the weight pours off your body So if you're sick and tired of being overweight out of shape Leathergic diabetic or maybe on the verge of it and believe you me it's no fun Let balance for life. I hope you lose that way once and for all and do it this week I mentioned my name because you'll save 10% off the regular price if you call this week call nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or visit their website at Balance for life. Come They're often taught in kindly from the proud side with the favorite smooth glide trying to leave their give a tooth Be played horses for like doing when he's racing from the middle lands sure. We're not okay And the now the 700 club proudly presents the unruble man of God and morals pet rubberson Hello friends God and I want to thank you for sending your harder dollars to help us starving Children in Rwanda may God bless you You've at least to know that I invested your money into my dad and minds in La Burya and your heart felt No nations have provided medical care to those children who get their arms chopped off or not Digging fast enough, but now we have a small problem friends The civil unrest in La Burya is now preventing these children from digging in the mines For this reason I've called on the services of our godly president to intervene I can't get to the mines so the president I'm calling Because diamonds are the Lord's best friend All right just sending the troops goes mine Profits are falling and I need access so put it into the civil unrest Now I may sound cold, but next to oil and gold For diamonds what's a few more days I know see the harm in chopping off a child's arm House diamonds are the Lord's best diamond are the Lord's best friend Make out bless you Amen 1146 14 doldone at 560 WCM your side contextation for the new millennium 327 votes now this pole is on again by one another quarter of an hour so if you want to vote on this pole get with it Who is more obscene or vulgar scat for rll or neoroders or need to want to who scat for rll scat for rll scat for rll 116 need to one 89 who scat for rll 68 the arrogis 52 1116 52 that sounds like a lot more than doubled on it Me My man Here's a call from Delray Beach, oh yeah sir I got to tell you yesterday I called yours on the one call of it to come on George you've got to say with inside your heart Manning it all it out and he did an excellent job Oh, nothing out there for us. Yeah, I want to say that America beauty is one of the best movies ever absolutely correct here Of all time yeah, it's got a little bit of everything for everybody It's riveting and you sit there and you're like trans sticks you can't turn away from a screen for a second Absolutely am I wife loved it to and for us to really love the same movie yeah, you know It's that's pretty unusual because it had the female thing She loved it the way it was up and it was just great Anyway, the other thing I think the way you got it now on the air is absolutely perfect Okay, I get up in the morning by the time I got my coffee and I got to kid off the school I could hear about five minutes of mode with Farel okay Absolutely Age, you know, and then I got Farel which is just total insanity leading into you and all the stuff that's going on now And the way it is it's all beautiful man. It's all great it all makes for the best radio That I've heard it a long time it's perfect This isn't this is the best thing to happen in this radio markets and still Henry came to down Are you sure and that's that's quite a few years ago? Yes, I totally agree. I mean dull Equal to this perfect. I mean, you know the week the week length's now or man just and that's because You got nothing to talk about because the Dolphins are play it. Yeah, you know and others and now And he's you know with the negative foods and beer I'm gonna be in the keys. I'll have some more boobs Come on don't be knocking a mad dog He's great, but just say I'm the one it's not gonna come on your one He's just so you know, he's trying to find something to talk about well When you got when you got a sports show in a summertime and south Florida without you Talk about that's right And then tomorrow that Ireland business for else squeeze that for all it can get out of it But believe me, he's not full on anybody and as far as Georgia You know he really is the glue that kind of holds your team together I mean you're the superstar, but he you know, I mean you really does man He's the little pages glue. Yeah. He does a great job Okay, he really does for it to be able to fill in for you or put up a guy just talking He's gone so far forward yesterday was the best I've ever heard of there you go When he's gone on there and let it out man and didn't have wasn't a pussy and he says that he says thanks for the inspiration You put him over the edge. I'm glad I did that you guys have a great time and YouTube Thanks, see if one airs have got it loves this like crazy. We can have a meeting at him and they'll embarrass me What do you mean by that? Because I was gonna just shut my big yet or he embarrassed you win with is what you're saying Well, I mean why should you shut your big yet these people deserve what the the truth? They deserve for their behavior to be out or why why don't you have to take the brother their crap This is I in fact I want the audience to understand that even when I'm in town Which I'll be there all winter long and at other points, but what I'm there The the general thing is there's any kind of Instant in the matter how minor it is and usually is so minor that it's laughable The wakeos is that I leave at To a clock or whenever was one or clock. I'm in it after the show I'm off the door I get past a damn front lobby there with a freaky Carlos now Oh, I pulled over that crap which I can't stand him and I'm in the elevator. I'm in the car. I'm gone. I'm up the Hershey out with a turnpike I'm out of there. There's no point in hanging around and then believe me. I went out With in 10 15 minutes Georgia sitting in his room in there and with in 10 or 50 minutes here comm is Greg with his hand on his head trying to find that hole to stick it Kind like mole and reverse so look most got his hand in his back them and Well, Georgia there's this pretty kneel really say that you know, it's always yours that has to take the bright because they're afraid of me They're scared crapless to talk to me and Greg never context me. It's always he has Duff and or Clarence do the dirty work Well Greg wanted us to call well why didn't he call? Because he has no balls because he's scared crapless of you Because he knows that you'll out in per bean incompetent and you know what's really going on So instead it's always tough and or Clarence who have to do the dirty work and call well Greg wanted to know about this And did you really put Moses dress on the website? No, we did not know we did not talk about juvenile and child Are you sure all check again for the 400th time? It's like kindergarten because you're dealing there with management that's squirming and squeamish and and number and then an addition to that Can't leave things alone and the most important of all is haven't got a clue about talk radius all about Keep in mind. This isn't the talk station. This is a Sports bar with the transmitter is supposed to play sports. Oh, sorry. See you see you're you're letting the euphoria from this last guy You're letting go to your home. I'm sorry. I know I was distracted. This isn't the talk station. It's a Sports station. Thanks, tough So the idea that these people know a guy damn thing about talk radio they haven't got a clue What it's all about? In fact, when we had all that condela and by the way, you ask holes at the Sun Sentinel and a Harold and NBC 6 You know when there's a real story and broadcast thing going on when they were trying desperately And not just because it involves me because it was a big story when they were trying to get me off the year The right wingers and certain other people at newsmax.com and certain others that I won't bother mention again Oh, well, that wasn't a story we're talking about now that wasn't worth putting in our newspaper on our TV news cover With all the condelaesia business and QMK vignan and being censored and threatened with all kinds of crap that was supposed to go on Oh, no, that wasn't a news story But when somebody's factions as a bogus story about Katherine Harris dying in a plane crash and we get a correction on it with a couple minutes after I read it from a caller that she's on live on C-span And then we get a fast correcting you know if it hadn't been anything to that Correcting past we got by the way nothing to do with this show. I still have it here somewhere You know the one I'm talking about. Yeah, the one that you facts to me almost admit here it is sure Katherine Harris victim of net rumor and had nothing and nothing to do with this show right? It says representative Katherine Harris is alive and well her office announced and response from internet rumor to the country and the rumor was on that Tom Flocko.com Which is what somebody facts to was and anyway to make a long story short as you know by now we corrected it with a matter of minutes Don't bother us with the facts. We're not gonna put that in there No, this is something really worth getting everybody upset about a new PI is calling an AP is calling and the Assuncental to embarrassed to put in the newspaper yesterday morning by the way, but it was on their website for several hours And then Miss Budge being the comedian that he she is she goes in puts it on our website with Katherine Harris's picture on there And I'll say it again thanks for the free publicity, but as far as accuracy's concerned Oh, it's speaking of accuracy is the on-at station and Didn't he also on his website report breathlessly the night that they dropped the bomb on Saddam's up Hideout supposedly the pumpkin and here breathlessly was misfogged and people on the station that he's on now W-I-O-D like John a hell of it going on. Oh, well, Saddam is dead in his two-sund. I was driving home from the track that night I heard it with my own three years This simple quick John levitties to be my producer a tub of crap on two legs and idiot For all of a sudden I was a news guy at I-O-D. He's a news guy like my little dog was a rocket scientist, okay? Oh and Saddam is dead and I haven't right here above I didn't hear anybody complaining about that except me Because I heard it and it was totally bogus I didn't see Miss Fudge getting all that out of shit and putting that because he had the same misinformation on his website as he's famous for doing His philosophy is if you throw enough crap up against the wall some of it's gonna stick that's his philosophy and sure enough it does So the stuff you get right once in a blue moon everybody says oh look at that He had this story first he was right on top of it. He had the blue dress. He was you know sucking on the stain But there but all the other crap. It's you know, it just goes by the wayside. It's all forgotten Including that stupid son sent a story that he put on her all day yesterday, which was totally erroneous Miss quoting me and the part I liked to vest about it was this business about I refused to comment How was I gonna comment? Duff told me then everyone asked for for me to call them or asked how to get in touch with me. So how was I gonna comment? You were gonna release the transcripts. Yeah, Rodgers would not comment on the mix up on Tuesday We used to release the transcripts of the program to reporters like like I said yesterday like we have a stenographer making transcripts of this show I mean what what are we talking about here? This is what you get in your local newspapers and so forth This is why more and more people are turning with the internet to get some news and find out what's going on instead of the problem Most of which is written by a bunch of cheap stringers cheap punks And that's what you get as your softload of newspapers sad tragic Okay, let's close out this first poll and a second poll we better get some names on there because we've only got five names You think there'd be a lot of choices you think Who is more of scene or a vulgar 3505 votes Scott for well 130? Neither one 96 who's got for all 73 the arages 54 130 54 you got the two numbers Got it. I just mentioned that in passing. Okay, here's the next poll that's gonna go up Once in a while we do this because I don't want to leave that up there all day. It's pretty obvious Which well known American is the biggest asshole of them all George W. Bush more Howard David at Rush Limbaugh Donald Remsville Charlottes Heston That's a short list so far me and if I today to it, but I mean, yeah, it's a good group use It's a select but the short group Four minutes till noon at QA and if you're in a dead end job if you don't have two nickels to rub together Maybe colleges to a Spencer four and it just takes too long You don't have four years to wait around trying to get your life on track if you can afford ten bucks a month to commit yourself to three nights a week for four months Fast-tracking up you achieve a new high-paying computer career Only ten bucks a month and three nights a week for just four months for individuals to qualify So what do you got to lose but are we the crappy dead end job and a meager paycheck? Premier like Kevin Spacey added to drive through with at the fast food joint call fast train toll free at one eight six Fast train and now they have four locations all over town You remind me Kindle temper finds and for a lot of day also there's bound to be one nearby you call fast Rain speak with the train career counselor. They're offy a day evening weekend schedules job placement hands on training Call him two day toll free dog explain the two you call one eight six six fast train and don't forget fast trains defer payment is valid for a year Regular plane payment supply thereafter, but you're in high school. He's doing on summer break Whether you're somebody in a really underpaid dead end job or you're just looking to increase you net worth this is the thing you ought to do and Get yourself on the track to a real career and a big fat paycheck call fast train today at eight six fast train or check them out on the web at fast train dot com This is court 20. I like to relax by having Mary Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the meal rotters 12 to one hour Harry Potter is through the imaginations of children everywhere But where can you read stories that will take that teenagers in your house on an adventure? Wow, it's so smoking here somebody must be doing magic That's just Harry Harry Potter Yes, Harry Potter I'm a fire breathing dragon Harry Potter will take your team on a trip and they'll return with a new look in their eyes and smiles on their faces See dear that's all this is good Harry Potter now available at your local street corner. It looks it Next to the leaky called it is a seven eleven Don't forget the funniest and look for the upcoming Harry pot has movie staring Robert Downey Jr Whitney Houston Charlie she and Woody Harrelson as Harry Club noon at five 60 little hand just hit the big hand WQM we got the new pull us up. I'm looking at three votes You know the three most are four absolutely Which well on American is the biggest asshole of them all? I guess that tells you I voted for right? How are David it's got three no votes yet for George W. Rush Limbaugh. Don't know where I'm sold or Charleston We need to expand this list big time. Okay. Let's get with it. I just gave George you one Oh, did you? Yeah, just to make him not feel like that. See I don't consider him to be an asshole. He's just dumb You know, he's just a pawn There's a difference. You didn't say nuance. I consider him to be an asshole a dumb one at that Dangerous dumb evil Do you talk about Morgan? Oh, sorry Here's a call from beautiful for a lot of Dale. Hello. Yeah. How you doing Neil pretty good sir? Just turn 61. Be listened to you for 20 some years. All right I'm not particularly fond of your tacking our chief Mr. Bush. He's doing a fine job. Yeah. I think he did what needs to be done if some women children had to suffer Uh-huh. So be it right and all the American kids that are dying every day. We had two more yesterday It's okay. So be it. All right. That that's just my first thing Yeah, we just started getting a bonus program here at work I here you get bonuses George gets the bonus. Yeah, you take George's car payment for a bonus also This is Reverend Jones. Yes, it is. Yeah, Reverend Jones 567.05. Today's day. Do you do in his real voice today? So it's that put on that affectation. So it took me like an extra 10 seconds 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T get yourself some help Reverend Jones. Okay Get some help before it's too late before they lock you up in Pompano Park and by the way In case you and kiss you forgot Here's a call from a plantation. Hello. Hi, do I have a suggestion for your pulse? Yes, sir. How about Ken Jimmy? Ken Jenny is excellent. In fact, maybe I can change my vote. Hey, did you hear did you hear for real interview with a Ask a post-part today. Yeah, oh, he is that's the funniest the best sports interview always because he just doesn't give a rest Asked in obvious he's asked you know how long you know all kinds of crazy stuff That more hard David was fighting his just just tongue just Who are you on the interview? Who was the interviewing so was always always up to the top of those oh Oh, you know what's so much so much There's always telling him to take a breath like trees in here You'll notice if you hear the crossover we do a 10 o'clock. I've learned the technique is I just keep talking I don't wait for him to stop because I you don't still talk him but I just keep going You're talking Yeah 567. I thought he didn't do a doing interviews Scott Hey It's all about It was uh, it was an interview that how it was supposed to do and for some reason he did it in and So it was headed to come on anyway. Oh, well, I'm sure was there a lot more entertaining with them. I allow I shouldn't say that But like I said, I'm sure was a lot more entertaining Okay, if I was just there to pour it now you're right George W. is gonna pull away here I wanted to give him some competition. We'll get some other names under W is got 15 biggest asshole of them all in America. Well, how are David at nine Rush Limbaugh four rum spell three and Charlotton has been chucked out one That old one He's got an old one a tangin. It's drooping here's Miami. Hello. Hello, are you all? Yes, sir. I think the biggest asshole is Jesse Okay, that's my book good choice. Oh, thank you Jesse Jackson. Give many votes 567.0560 pound 560 on a AT&T line over get Joe Rose. I bet you I know who he'd be voting for Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha I don't want to like put words in his mouth, but I'm here in the rumor is he's gonna vote for our for Boca. Yeah Yeah, he's made it very clear all around town that the gloves are off and it's all over and he's gonna like And hold nothing bag and what's he got to lose anyway? He only does weekends on the station anyway He's not gonna take any crap from that doddering old man. Maybe Howard will try to get him fired God, that would be something new when the Here's Carl Springs. Hello Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I could do a John Ashcroft off that list. Well, we're waiting for you You know, we don't want to if we put all the good ones in there then you've got nothing on material You're right, but he's got my vote. Okay. Thank you sir. You're welcome excellent choice John Ashcroft still give many many votes See this is very tough I mean the the levers of the far right they Nazi boon them. I mean these people of course will get many many votes But we have to spice it up and sprinkle some other assholes in there as well because they're so damn many running around so many on the loose Five six seven oh five sixty but that's that's a real shocker to Scott, you know at the result of our poll today You think he's gonna take me up on the challenge The call gate challenge the political challenge. I'm I'm serious. I want him to take the same plumbing They might as well do something useful on IQA and about comment will get some response to it Man, that's an embarrassment that the lovely judge court has asked the waste all of his time on a website that nobody's pays any attention to because most of the sport holds are too stupid to go online anyway So the website what's that? You know sports right What a waste he could be doing something interesting innovative on your every day What who am I to start interfering you know I want to tell anybody else what to do by of suggesting Here's a call from Miramar hello Yeah, I'm a cool power Mike with all Daddy in the sun well, I'll put colon on here. All the Michaels a good choice. All right, thanks palink colon pal Total sell out He's got those maps right there by the way with all those WMD's he's got him right here Well, they used to be right here. Well, maybe they're over here, right and those cartoon pictures Yeah, and then of course all that information we had about the depleted uranium and the audio audio they all that stuff How sad how how much sad are can it get you know But what an I tell you they could hold a press conference on national TV and say well guess what we just wanted to go in here We decided about four or five years ago and we lied you made up all these stories about WMD's and all these stories about the deals with the Nigerian Disnet know you do Yeah, the public would say well, that's okay. You must have a good reason. Uh-huh. Nice job See, that's why I shouldn't know immediately the Reverend Jones thing within the first two Good voice today, though Reverend Here's Bokeh. Hello. I knew how are you okay? Put your thing with Daniela's he's a great choice too. Okay, and Do you still play that restitution song or did they make you stop playing no chance, man? That's that fit to dust with condolisa Okay, thank you. Sorry Can't play that even of course it was so obviously a spoof and everybody knew was all about but oh you can't see that was a major story It was a major broadcasting happening in South Florida last year did times you could get it No Kevin basted before he became a sports expert and he find out about it. Oh, did he write about it? God Glenn Garvin. Oh, no See, that's why such a joke here. We got four major newspapers that we didn't Toronto You got your global mail to star the sun the national post which is embarrassing, but you got four And all of them have got people I won't say every day, but like Chris Zuckerovich in the Toronto star He writes a broadcast. I'm not just talking about regular sport our radio I'm talking about sports radio. He's got a broadcast column that runs almost every day and Doesn't pull any punches and rips people and ask when they deserve it But in some 40 got people it writes just general puff pieces about you know Well NBC is bringing out their news show and the Warner Brothers and it's crap Tom when you're gonna get somebody in those newspapers They write something when it says something The last two 10 times that I appeared and then that the newspaper was the one about how I slipped out the Schmidt word on the year the day And it was all in error in an area everything in that story was wrong other than the fact that we got on the year But how I didn't hit the dump button which isn't correct and and all the other crap That deserves to have a story written about it and then first this this other following a story about how hey We were ahead the Catherine Harris move to phony in and that story which again Biggie real biggie Which was such a big story to even making it the actual physical edition of the newspaper Now I'm gonna tell you right now. I've said this for years. I haven't said it in a long time though The one thing that would change the nature of life in South Florida and it'll ever happen Would be a third major newspaper to come in and compete with these two bush legers I'm sure then you'd see some change Then we'd have a chance to casino gambling that we'd have a chance to like come into the you know into the enlighten age as opposed to being in the stone age In an area that's run by a bunch of banana boat Mafiosy but that would take someone with balls. Oh Line nine is in Miami hello Was that him? Yes, it was him. That's why I said line nine is in Miami called five times go away I saw go far away go away. We hate you like poison you and yes, I didn't see at least Reverend Jones He's chronic he can be annoying, but he's funny. He got something different every time yeah Exactly, that's something a little bit different every time he's at least a little bit amusing You're not funny you're pathetic you're sad the audience would like to go out there and take up a collection so we can put you away for a few years Find a uh a roosting place for you get you a roosted you idiot. Yeah, he ought to be a roosted God almighty what is our rooster oh She's just like maybe we can look with Dennis you know Dennis and the guy from American beauty I don't want to say which one See it's very hard to talk about that movie because I don't want to give anything away a little bit go right In fact I had a friend of mine called me last night. I was watching a movie That's one of the great things about DVDs. You know you gotta take a leaky put on pause you get a phone call you put on pause And so I got it on pause there And as luck would have it the rookie Fits was on the screen I got it on pause and they were talking and he says oh and Moby is really great the ending is I said Yeah, I was trying to pull right now. Well, I mean he wasn't gonna do it but just didn't want to take any chance Here's how it ends. Oh, thanks This is open up such a tremendous avenue because I just I don't know I just then never was inspired and ever had the time Never really give a crap about it And they just look so good now on DVD Yeah, although this one is in letterbox extremist you know what I mean it's like in real You know what I'm talking about it like as narrow as a slit yeah, you're like you got a black thing at the top of the screen I wanted to bottom there both about two feet wide and there's like oh yeah, if you look real close There's something going on in between and not I don't like later, but that's why you need one of those theater Ask a plasma screen wall melted. Well, wow. How does that change it? Well because that's the shape of the screen to begin way so it's like you have a theater right there in your living room. Yeah Well, if you saw the size of my living room here My 52 inch Sony that I have here is like about to twice too big for edge. It's just not that big of a room Now my house that's something to think about but with the flat screens. They just melt right on the wall They're only like six inches like I said. It's not that big of a room. Okay. Providence Esca Holyo the engineer when he comes back to town as well It's well, that's fast noon at 5.60 WQM something important to pop in your mouth, okay? Not that ORIO Med only went soft. Tells contain the finest olive oil you've ever seen in your life ORIO you've ever had ingested in your life. It's not just ordinary olive oil What you can buy in the supermarket any day. This is super concentrated and ORIO Med is loaded with all kinds of help benefits for you ORIO Med every day can up reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol and now there are 14 different ORIO Med formulas to choose from each one combining Like I said the best olive oil you ever dreamed of with vitamins Minerals and herbal sports specific health needs from your bones your blood pressure to your immune system Just pick out the formulas that arise for you and the pop them in your post and now we got three new formulas Want to help you sleep? Want to help you control that disgusting weight And self-utin for your heart pick some up today while you're out doing your shopping pick up ORIO Med at Publix, Echrets Walgreens Whole Food Market Sedanas Navarro's or order it online if you like ORIO Med America dot com is their website if you want more info on her stupidest product and what they can do for you And where you can stick them call toll free one eight six six ORIO Med That's one eight six six six six five three sixty six thirty three for better help start pop an ORIO Med in your fat push right away You a Watch boobs and button biking Close your eyes take a lift In you my Oh tudo I'm a limited holder of so grand All of those many things coming out of my act I'll break when for you If you won't need to hold you on those real time I can do it all night I'll break when for you If you won't need to If I'll make my guess no You won't need to I'll break when for you If you won't need to Hold your nose real tight I'll give two of them That are not a break when for you If you won't need to If you won't need to If I'll make my guess no You won't need to If you won't need to hold me From 18 to five sixty WCM we've got a hundred and seven boats Already our second pull we're smoking Baby we are smoking it Don't mess it up, Greg Okay I'm just so terrified I've gone through these different phases Medley the last week or two On the one side we know that things are really We're in a great position right now Things are small to run on this radio station We finally made a comeback After languishing since Greg screwed it up About a year and a half ago But you just had this feeling based on their Everyone behavior that they're on a There every moment they're on a Virgil screwing it up You know what I'm saying? I'm sure you do What? They're always like a hard Be the way from a screwing up a good thing Because they just can't control themselves See the people that are the most nervous Who in a part of their brain they have to admit To themselves they haven't got a clue What they're really doing Hundred and ten boats on here Which one of them are not American is the biggest Asshole of them all George W. Bush 44 Rush Limbog 28 more Howard David at 18 Absolutely Gromisfeld 11 Jesse Jackson 4 John Ashcroft 3 Chuck Heston 1 New King Rich 1 No votes yet for Ken Jenny or Colin Powell Here's the guest editor of the USA today Rick Santorum Right wing of Republican Senator and probably Closercase from Pennsylvania rights Americans Vusper's of the institution of marriage And his whole column here is all about Wow, they Supreme Court justices may not be willing to admit it But they've opened up the door and Yadi Adi And that's why he agrees with Senator Majority Leader Bill Frist Republican a Tennessee who would support a constitutional amendment to a firm Traditional marriage they don't want to follow the way of Canada here Did you see the story that I had in there yesterday or Tuesday? Yes About British Columbia has just started the American gate couples Just like Ontario here And before the end of the year it'll be nationwide here in Canada And it's no big deal and nobody's having a nervous breakdown Had like goes on there is one little minor religious group Of course it's trying to like block it and it'll work Trying to interfere Trying to stick their superstition and hate on everybody else Ain't gonna work not here, eh Also did you see that they're gonna start making available medical marijuana? Saw that story Yeah, that you fact Here in Canada a medical marijuana gonna be available to those who are prescribed it I'm alien grown by the government You all have to buy from Ricky Fizzard that exaggerated price that inflated price he was charging last night Yeah, where did they get that? But you know when he first opened up the box and Kevin Spacey says Bill me says well How much is in that bag? This is about an ounce and I'm thinking to myself 300 bucks Because you know me from the old age old school old rakes culture And the kids saying oh, I have 300 bucks And I thought a rat That's not bad right And then what was the other kind of thing? The G13 that he had which is just creepy and it's a $400 If you don't even know anybody for an hours Yeah, well that's pretty crappy That creepy and that price Oh, it's good. That's the going price No, no, but I'm how much? 400 for now But I'm saying he wanted to grant Yeah Well he had a lot more hit a lot more stereo committee need to buy A pair of more cool and like a room boy We would like to have that outfit Yeah, and he told dad that he was making a money For working these catering These bankwits and crats Collecting aluminum cans that Yeah, that was another phenomenal scene where he's watching There were a lot of people watching through the windows Kind of like rear window Yeah, people to the people A lot of people through the keyholes and that thing And he sees and he does realize what's going on He thinks that the kid is given Kevin Spacey head All he's doing is leaning down and the role in a big fat one Kevin Spacey sitting back with a shirt off Because he's been working out and garage for And a bulk up for that blonde bimbo It's phenomenal A mercon beauty if you don't if you only see one movie this year That's one of the ones I'd recommend 560, we got a lot more assholes to get on this list Let's get with it, okay Pretty weak Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello He'll Kevin, I can't compete with the US I'm doing that so that's why they're marrying Sight Yeah, okay, great Ah, I can't compete You stay there pal, I'll stay here a while 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line Isn't that amazing that people like that listen to this show Are you actually astonished? No, just like the 14.1% yesterday This is the number one choice for a news The number one source was Fox News There obsessed with this program They're like Dennis, they can't shut it off Just like Miss Fudge Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello And Neil, hey, sorry Okay I'd like to add to how to find mother of public entity Celia to that list Anthony and Scalia Probably one of the best still guys We can have up there on the bench And then properly not the court bench The big adventure is, could you play that whole phone And hold no one with that But sit on the bench and you're alright I would probably be appropriate You know, I'm a ranting in Scalia Absolutely Okay, now I'm great I'm sorry I'm sorry Men in 47 in the exact My wife took their card at a wall She drives my view and she's three feet tall Oh, hey, you're in the right with her No way I said I needed a lady today So I'm just sitting on a bench and they'll raise Alright, waiting for the only place to take me away I'm just sitting on a bench and they'll raise With my thin hand I'm just trying to tell my kids Crushed up my hands, no one would stay the same All that corner do would get a thousand feet tall The private hole raised, she must be in the same Just sitting here and resting my bones When we're in line my wife won't leave me alone We've talked it over and I never win I just find up stepping through the wall again Oh, so I jump on a bench and they'll raise Waiting for the only place to take me away That's a looting Oh, you're the one who keeps in line of benching their way With my friend, I... Can't ever use it But I can't find a way to open the bench and they'll raise And then with your face Oh, I'm just gonna play like the last QAM bits Oh, I got like on a Wednesday and they're last hour Cause what I'm doing is going through these hundreds and hundreds and thousands of Ziggins of this Fuck, that's a good man I'm fine, I'll kind of stuff that we haven't played in ages Very treasure Very treasures, is that good way to put it? For what to stick it Don't forget August won the best in the year 2002, 2003 will be available On our website The cover, I mean that the front cover, but all the y'all What you call it back cover, stuff like that And it looks great, all good Oh, you see all the pieces It has yet to go into production, but you know, like all the stuff that may go doing now Yeah, it's all red to go I think that got from passions was involved in putting it together These are Reese's pieces Of course you don't know Reese some passions, so what do you know? You know One of those things you refuse to look and I tell you Sheridan on that show She's I tell you who else is really beautiful And that is the actress that plays Beth I'm guiding like now I realize you don't watch these so far Because it's not a manly thing you do That she has got to be 50 easy And what they can do with makeup on TV It's just amazing She knows she is one of the most beautiful women I've ever even though her character is real snoddy and bitchy And you have to hate her like poison Look at it, she's annoying Well, I hear you use to that 26, 26, fast known At 5, 60, WQM If you want to take the whole gang out of the stress they do in the hot summer days You don't want to stand in the kitchen cooking And you want to go for real feast Air mode coast is the place to go Through locations for yourself, order their and sunrise North Miami Beach and the newest one is in Pembroke Pines Starch or mouthwatering eating experience with one of six different soups Or all of them if you like just travel it down your pants And there are dozens and zillions of succulent entrays But third man Even in your strip made order the gourmets and the ther sizzling Asian grill Featuring grilled shrimp scampy style Jumbo scallops wrapped in bacon and their brand new seafood sainjok If that isn't good enough, or try their dunginess crab and ginger and scallions Handcarb primer cooked away your like it The brand new oriental chicken salad and lots more too The animal coast promotes only healthy living Because there's no crab in any food No MSG, no cornstarch And they cook all their fine cuisine only with cholesterol for your oils The buffet features a full son of ours sushi bar fresh room cocktail too And because you deserve it, they feature a full dessert station to finish a perfect Fig out with pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings Fresh fruit as well they even have watermelon most of the time too The perfect ending to a big feast Emerald coast in sunrise you'll find in Pine Island a 44th street In North Miami Beach, Collins Avenue just north of 163rd And also in Pembroke Pines of the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke Rose Take the whole family book your next business lunch and right now all size parties Be welcome let them do the cooking for you with the Emerald coast take on delivery available to call 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 2 When you go out to the Pembroke of the sunrise location tell my friend Richard bad news At least will not make the playoffs decision 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 2 for the world famous unbeatable Emerald coast Chinese buffet My I'm over here So that you'd get the Do you pray Once you want to know To prove his cake You don't have the homies What you can What you talking about If you got the kid Hey, you're much my hair all up What you've grown up Who is your son Don't touch that switch What you be If you saw his pain Make little people like the baby What you we we Off you'll say we we All over the flame I'll try you ever need a diapher What you say You've paid what a metal garden Hey What do you know in the metal garden Like I'm swinging at his boy Easy now Talk about this okay I think his chances are zero But I like the ad on that zero And don't come very good I'm not a snowball chance And help She like a father He's hunting hell snowball No good Oh my You are no hero Let's let him take this Personally And I've been You really Oh you're right Property to a five-16 Now that call online nine from Kissimmee Let's check it out Hello Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay sir Two people for your list Okay First of all, Pat Robertson You forgot about him Pat Robertson's good He's the guy who wants us The son massive American troops in the library To save Charles Taylor Because in his mind he's a good Christian Right And Michael Weener from Weener Nation Michael Weener Oh Michael Savage Yeah I never knew that before Yeah, he knew he was from Savage Nation on TV Right Right Yeah, his name is Michael Weener Yeah, he was very in sense that MSNBC He claims now he didn't know he was on the air And he is a set of the offended the gay community He's a so full of cramped this guy Oh, I mean I've heard him say he wants to murder a billion Chinese people Lovely Oh yeah, get them on there please Okay, they're on thank you Okay, Pat Robertson Michael Savage Also on the list that we had a whole bunch of facts is here a flurry OJ Simpson Right Absolutely Al-Sharpton Mathrad, how could we leave Miss Fudge off He wants the attention he's desperate for attention from the show Miss Fudge, get Mathrad on there Wayne Heisinger, how could we have left off our good post personal body You know what? I'll decide that on my yeah Henry Kissinger is a good choice, right? Yeah O'George is leaving the bully Hey listen you haven't had anything to say for a week now, okay? Since you're a little escapade And a little bit less to the car I didn't want him to fall behind Then there's a facts here that says from our friend Bacho and Dallas Vesame Bacho Muto Maybe he makes those bachi candies that they sell it Italy And you're all your Italian markets, you ever have bachi's though But what's bachi ball You know something that's a good question because Bachi is one of the most famous candy makers in Italy VACI, Bachi And they do have a thing called bachi ball, which I have no idea Asmoh he probably plays it in a spur time in between shuffleboard matches at cemetery village But that's right, he doesn't live at cemetery village, he lives at Anyway this facts from our friend in Dallas is what about Phil Henry? Are you sure? He's really a prick now, he's got a little fame in fortune, his stance on Iraq and the Fathy charges Seven bucks to listen to the clips on his website really pissed me off He was even making fun of radio people who play play parody songs See I wonder what he could have been talking about But he has turned into such an asshole, I think he belongs on a list Insanely jealous, why do these people? I mean what does my life have to do with his? And then he's making enough money? Yeah, is that the problem that is NBC pilot fell through again? And then he was like, well that's what he took his position in favor of the war right Yeah, so he's so full of himself, he needs something to bring him back down to earth I'm as mad as hell and I'm not going to take it anymore, so he's bachi one Ellis Good choice, Phil Henry Okay, yeah Now this, well, see somebody says put Russell Crow on your eye, Grey Just out of just out of frustration with spending 30 bucks for that And then DVD that awful, uh, a beautiful mind He's like, oh, you're all waiting to know who it is It's a, I can't believe who this is from again Why did you send this to me just because? Ah, cause you're a Schmittesterver That's right He's back to being Craig and Miami This is the guy for the line nine guy We don't need any other name from just the line nine guy, the whole audience So no, no who he is He called before and mumbled Russell Crow and I said, wasn't that him yet? Yeah, and then he goes on to say, I'm not trying to be chronic That's why he's vaccine us again. He's not trying to be chronic I'm such a huge fan of your show. I feel the need to speak with you every once in a while I'm sorry if you think I'm crazy, but I love you when it's show I'm a surfer of trouble. No, you're not. You're not sorry. You keep vaccine me the same Kaka, you're like all the other chronic who affects the same girl I'm never going to call you again, just like a Jeff Heiz neighbor there, Dave A crazy people Only crazy people are chronic, so it's one thing to love the show Guess what? The price is right. It's free. Turn it up real loud and enjoy it Squeeze yourself. Have a good time But quit bugging us okay. Line 9 man Here we time it and look at that four-later day. A line 9. Hello Hello, I got a nomination for your most hated. Yes sir. Alex Pinellis. Excellent choice All right. Thank you. Thank you. Now it's not most hated. It's the biggest asshole, but certainly he qualifies Let me say again. I wonder how those new restaurants got in it the airport, you know? They got a pizza on a spreshing. I got a big burger king. I wonder who had a good smear to get those things in there at the airport You know, we're only if your Alex's buddy, do you get in there at one of the you can't even take a plane unless you know him. You've mentioned his name Well, I'm sorry Mr Rogers. You're not going to be allowed in this slide. Well, how about if I say Alex Pinellis? Okay, go right ahead. What if I shake your hand this way? Yeah, right. Secret handshake Oh, and let me say another thing too because you know I always use my a. I'm just used to it And I get limoed anyway. Thanks to my good friend kid helper to national limos Was that good enough did I give him a good enough fuck what what's her number? But but I'm serious. I wouldn't it would be nice to have just somebody who speaks English when you go through the all You know, they take the shoes off and at whole deal of security. I'd like to have just one person ever speaks English beside those of us who are on a way to a flight That's portlaughter. Yeah, sorry. Oh Like I said I'm gonna I haven't flown out of for a lot of it in years. I think they finally because I drive by it the construction is leveling off Oh, that's why I stopped going there because there was no more parking and it was like I had a park 10 miles away and pay $50 a minute Was I go to a Marlon game Here's the final this fax is outrageous, you know It says I suggest you disclose the ending to American beauty so you can discuss it There were some moments when the viewer had no idea who did it lots of candidates no kidding Now here comes the best part the movie is four years old and if the more on public hasn't seen it yet Tufturs well I just watched it last night, okay? So I guess I must be a moron too It was not a big to do while it was out Well even who was a big to do? I mean, I had I seen Rick be in for a dream Or a mental or like all of these damn movies I've been watching last couple of months. Yeah, you know Not everybody has all the idle time on her hands to go watch movies. It like this person whoever on on on sign Says five Oscar nominations that they don't know about if they've had their chance to do it do it do it well Guess what no I'm not ruining it. I'm not gonna recommend it movie for people to watch and then ruin it for him Am I no do it do it do it do it now? No, no Here's another suggestion for our poll today. They're pouring in now Al Sharpton Says hands down the biggest prick bastard out there's got to be Reverend Al Sharpton Perfect example why separate the church and states to be reversed send him to a state mental hospital I love this this is a great fact Send him to a mental hospital and give him some churches fried chicken for his stay I love that and then they threw in their Wayne High Pingo from Robin Pompon Beach I was going Rob Excellent So now we're getting rolling on this. I know we'd get it going There's still trying to figure out who's most of seen in vulgar Which well known American is the biggest asshole of them all? 164 votes already George W. Bush 67 Rush Limbaugh 29 more Howard David in 26 most given Russia run for his money. I go on mo I know you could do it absolutely Jesse Jackson 16 Donald see I read the name Jesse Jackson the right-of-amp thing and asshole, so that's good No, no seriously right don't we're rum spelled 11 John asked croft 10 new Kingbridge three He's you know ancient news Chuck Heston just ancient he's got one Ken Jenny one and colon Palnon And we got a whole bunch of these others that are going on their any minute our tape owner boy Aren't they being her boy? Yes, they are going on any second O.J. Simpson Al Sharpton Mad Drugs Wayne High Zenga Phil Henry okay Pat Robertson Michael Savage in of course Alex Pinga Piccania My This is I Okay, now listen I know just ordinarily skip the bit to go to a celebrity caller, but in this case we'll make an exception Damn it what's up, suds You know I do not Ever Normally agree with anyone from Texas But the guy who facts you about Phil You know something that my psychic powers must be working in again because I saw your name on a thing here And I thought to myself what would suds be called on about now and I knew it was about Phil okay? I love Phil he's a he's a incredible talent yeah, but last night he really broke to me I'm in the shower and Listening and he's been talking about how many years he's been in the business and how hard he had worked and all this kind of help Yeah, goes into a spot said comes out I think it's like at the bottom of the hour and the music's playing and this is you know This is kind of perp crazy here, but it's pretty close. I think he said I did your Rogers, Donner Miami who is now so desperate he's ripping off my show Here's a guy who everyone he's known he is stabbed him in the back and then he ran away to live in Canada And now he's ripping off my show Way to go and you Music up I do blah blah blah blah Are you serious I'm serious I don't I never hear you show an additional which I've In addition, which I'm up here where to help what I hear a show here. I don't know if that would be a reference to the cat in Harris thing I believe it was although he made no reference to Catherine Harris Well, you just think maybe it was an attempted humor? No, no, no, I don't now the wizard was mean spirited. Yeah Are you sure? No, guess what Phil go hell. Yeah, let me do there Uh That's unbelievable I just you know I stopped and been drying off Yeah, what the hell was that? Now, but maybe he was just joking maybe because the Catherine Harris thing would be like something he would do I you sure that it wasn't just a No, well possibility I suppose but I don't know he's bitter. I have no idea why and you know this inspired me for a great pull for Tuesday Yeah, which of these people do you think is most jealous of and a rough set would kneel? I've never done that pull And I'm gonna have his name right at the top of the list, you know Joey Reynolds. I mean as a long list of people are I had on understanding it I mean, I didn't hear I was like I said I just I just stopped I could nobody you see there's a lot that I've never talked about because I I didn't hear I'm a see if when I said that just joking that the first part you wouldn't be a joke about stabbing people in a bag Yeah, who the hell have I stand in the back that I ever liked see it started with him with with my making a comment when I came to QM somebody Because I when we first came on QM remember I sold Do we raise 20 grand for his charity in LA? That's right. Yeah, he had the best of fill KFI CD and a lot of we had that all you can eat Negro was on it And a lot of our listeners wanted to get a hold of it. So I talked him on the year we we raised 20 grand for his charity in Los Angeles for the Whatever that it was a good charity yeah, and and and when I buddy you're later We got into a conversation and that was when they put him on at nights on I OD and I said I Somebody somebody asked me a question all I said was I think Bill was a lot better when he was here And I think that that act is hard to maintain that's all which is not exactly the worst shot in the world It is hard to keep that up We talked that talk and from that moment on he turned on me like a cornered red He didn't interview with some magazine and Palm Beach some puppies and he said when they said well Who else in talk radio now do you think is really entertaining said well other than myself? I can't recommend anybody And this is the guy to use the suck my ass to my face. Oh, you're the best in the history of the business You're unbelievable and then all I didn't would say that I didn't think it sure was as good as it used to be or You know when he was on town because it doesn't relate to it's a stuff we talk about here and right away Wow, you know, you're a piece of crap You do I mean I mean I raised 20 grand for this guy's charity I've touted him from here to the end of the kingdom come and and there are two things that bother him the most number one when they stuck his tapes on against me Remember those days and we beat the snout out of many couldn't break a one-share what you know you're on the same station Right Well that they were number one and they do now and they're number two because of the fact that I had the audacity not to suck up them 100% I'll still say it he's a unique talent. He's a tremendous talent That is a per as a person then you'll also recall when we let when I would do with sold a passion You'll recall that episode because they had a clandestine meeting with Phil and the rest of us were kept in the dark before the meeting that day and that evening They had a meeting with Phil and we arranged it ahead of time that I was gonna call him And I was gonna find out from him what it was going on and then I was gonna talk to you and Rick Well, I call Phil Henry. Oh, they never showed up. They didn't show up for the meeting Which of course they showed up? It was the idea was that he wasn't gonna be included in the sale of passion and Then they were gonna be because the Brian Cox lawsuit was heavy on Cox broadcasts. He's mine at that time and they wanted to keep Brother fingering his paycheck So so they kept him out of that deal. They shipped him off the KFI and LA and he lied to his teeth to me that that's not my idea of a friend Well, anyway, I was hoping somebody else would have called with that today so I didn't have to but if it's just been great And on me all day, you know Well, here's a message from suds and Neil Phil. Go. Hell. Yeah Well, thanks for cheering me up and making my day. Okay, man, enjoy yourself up there and kind of where you ran away to Yeah, I'm running I'm running right down to Hershey highway right now. Okay. See you soon. Bye How do you like that, huh? Talk about backstabbing Who the hell have I stabbed in the back? Mo No, I haven't stabbed him right in the front Absolutely and the top in the front right to his face, okay? We don't have to go through the background of Mo and how we try to get you can and you know everybody I'm not even gonna waste my time doing it. I'm the one guy in the building and give him a chance in the beginning Have I stand for well in a bad by any intention in doing it? Oh, hey, no mad dog It he came killing more no Rick Riley, oh even though you hate him The late microneree, no, I end with this man's talking about Then the stab you in the back all I did was make the most minor criticism and right away if you're that up tight Baby you're in the wrong business. It's all I can tell you Phil you're in a wrong business. Are you sure positive? Okay, look at this so many assholes. It says here on this is a facts Chronicle and muggator where ever he is W is on air Catherine Harris now. I see you don't believe her alone. Jeb Bush is good Yeah, how come we don't have some of these on air Jesse Jackson's on her and OJ Jeb Bush Jerry Falwell. Why's not he not on air? I'm sure he will be served Now look and I look at this for well is absolutely more obnoxious than you simply by now It wasn't obnoxious that wasn't the question Phil the question was vulgar and what was the other word? Obsene I've seen Not obnoxious Let's see Alice Peney we got him on her rich Sanchez. Okay, Rick is an asshole. That's good Eliana Gross laden. We don't have a dead. We have any women on there Not I think we have any other we don't have any women on there She'd be the first one. Let's get her on air. He'll get a lot of votes. Eliana was Anna Dana By the way, do you get Antonin Scully a spelled right? Who you I'm asking whoever put it on there. It says Anthony Scully. That's not his name Leave it a lot, huh? This name is Antonin a nt o n i n a n t o n i n a n t o n i n you got it. No, didn't think so But I think that's just like left like a I mean I'm glad that's what's called I don't want him to feel bad, but let's like a turd I get over my whole day, you know Yeah, this isn't that shocking to you. Here's the guy that we used to have in an additional wedge in addition He's he's syndicated see this is what gets me about people like misplied all the way least he's on an i would d and f l a and then Tampa We were on for a couple years so there's some people there who know me, but Phil Henry is I'm like I don't know 150 or 200 stations at night including some of the biggest markets in the country Most of those people I've got no idea who I am an addition to which I don't listen even when I'm in town I don't listen and I couldn't listen here if I wanted to unless I wanted to go on the internet and pay to listen or whatever that deal is I'm not interested and listen to the radio Stand everybody in the back now. What are you gonna say? I'm sorry. I forgot no Know you said we did something this is the guy we used to hang out with Phil He would you know we would have beers down in the on the picnic table behind the station there go to next door to the bar with all the you know the co-workers hanging out shooting Crot I'll tell you one thing if you're that's thin skin man You're definitely in a wrong business security on that if to I mean I remember very specifically the comment that I made And they it was nothing it was just a minor criticism and I stand by it I've had many people tell me that it's a very difficult act to maintain and especially all of the characters You stay up here talking about the Wayne Hyzinga and about different things that happen in South Florida. I'll see I said here. I mean there. Yeah In addition to which what differences to make where I'm doing this show from you're a hot one to talk He's doing a show sitting out there in Los Angeles and then the people in New York are they up sick because he's not sitting in New York The people in Chicago whatever or in Miami what difference does it make if I'm doing a show into Ronald part of the time or in Miami Or in in moon vuck was cost of what does it make God That is just a shock here's Miami gardens. Hello. Yeah, sir if you give away the ending of American beauty I'm gonna kill myself. Okay I'm not gonna want what I do that. I mean it would be I would just be ridiculous I know for what I know forlings and shuffleboard All right the bulletins are other balls and everything else, but just one thing the right up is Excellent. I can't wait So 955 to hear you and start going at it. I just I'm just dying in the card list Me too. Yeah, we're having a really good time now. There's a first time I can't actually say on this radio station It would have been a good time in a very long time I believe it or not. I tune in also at 7.35 to hear moan him going at Thank you See I think we got it down. I don't mess up with it. Okay. Don't screw it all up Greg That's we we need to get a restraining order against and we need to have it in a straight jacket I would say we need to get Duffin a straight jacket, but don't have to be so straight 218 votes on our second pool of the day today in Europeanian which well known American is the biggest asshole of them all George W. Bush is running away with it. He's got 80 Rush Limbaugh's got about 34. More Howard David. It's got about 32 Jesse Jackson 26. He's in a running for runner up John Askroff 14 Rumsfield's got 13 and then it's like single digit son. It feels already got one of it. It was such you think you're probably probably And when I think of all the stuff that I would which I just got through tone so all those things that I never bothered go into on a year because I don't have any Aggie ride with him you know right But his ego is has been out of control for a long time and I know for a fact that when they put his tapes on there the best up tapes up against me And October about three years ago He thought he was gonna just not be right off the map and saw photo did it happen? Did he break a one-share? Nothing zippity do da So good luck to you, okay, sweetheart. Have a great life 560 560 pound 560 on a AT&T. I guess he was upset that I got all that publicity it must have been what said him off How else were they in on about that cats and hearers thing and it was on all the wire services? I guess he was upset that they actually had the audacity to publicize this program Here's Miami. Hello Miami Yes, sir Hey, deal, hey, I'm a little bit uncomfortable. I would take off Phil off the list but here's a real asshole you want to put on this it's so flaky I don't need the asshole There's a dumb asshole and I'm okay, great good call 560 750 560 pound for Seattle. I would put him on there, but I mean this guy just want to say asshole over and over again asshole, yeah Here's what you're pointing V. Hello Yes, I want to contribute to the show Neil. Go ahead. I think that uh rear admiral appointectors rear admiral point-extor is the biggest asshole in America. Yeah, he's the one who wants to put everybody at a computer and have a file and every Yeah, so we got some good stir great stories on our website today about that. I'm glad you mentioned that okay. Thank you. We're gonna put him on there. No, no You won't get any both. Did you see the stories about that? Yes Including one that I know you love about our friends in Walmart. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah Speducts for time reading those I read the oh Is that a beautiful story or what and then they say oh well, we're not gonna go ahead and do that I mean pretty soon everybody's gonna have a computer chip deep inside their ass They're gonna know what you had for breakfast what you're planning on getting for lunch What books you're reading what DVDs you've been watching and talking about? Who you're talking to on a phone and a partnership in poetry You Oh my favorite Republican this is mad Raj and it's time for the skills they are floating It's time once again for the Neil Rogers one to two hours Oh, yeah, this is kind of I am now Going to fill in For the holiday the it is a holiday and it is my Think of a ring to Jofellen for your hair or your oh God I hope and you're not easy please But it is a good location and in the have a nice time In going to play beats Maruti beats that � in defan We'll see So we have See Singing Engine I will go somewhere, help me please. Okay, I'll play. Be. Be. It is not working properly. It is because they are using Windows XP and I cannot lose the doggy stuff. Where is the DCS does not work in the operating room. All dust programs are getting delivered. Nobody listens to me and I get very angry. And this is... I do not pick. I know it is from my ass. But I am fortunate to be in the glamor profession. Thank you for building me out of jail. You have saved my life. Hortering. My brother. Horting my brother. I love you. I am coming upon a break. What is this supposed to mean? This length of UP. I think that you sent me here. I wouldn't have actually told you the whole story. But the funny part is that they give that drug credit for starting the story. Because he was listening. He did not start the story. They implied that you got the story from him. He didn't get it from him because he had not seen it. Most other people in him had a facts. This is sensational. This is a good gift for UP. Just on and on. Peter principles. The savage world. On and on about Neil Rogers. The odd yati on. Oh my god. Let's see. Here's another fact. We're trying to get some filenry facts. Yeah. But wait a second. Just to confirm Hortfield. He was not joking. The bitterness was thick and evident. He was referring to the catman Harris thing. I guess he thinks that all of America, he's the only person on a year. I mean, I'm sitting here on WQA in Miami. Five, sixty on the dial. Like that. Which if there's a goddamn power line within 500 yards of your house, you can't hear the station. And he's not even in stations from coast to coast. I'm sure making some pretty damn good cash. I'm not complaining. I got a nice income. Here I'm doing fine. But what's the comparison? He's like a big hit. He's a smash. He syndicated all of it. I didn't country. Howard Stern sings his praises. How Bernaddi is. What more does he want? But he wants to be the only person in America who gets publicity. And believe me, this was not good publicity. And I care. But the thing about the Katherine Harris was twisted and turned. And you, P.I. think is an absolute joke. They don't even know what they're talking about. But don't confuse the people in the print media because they can write whatever. Basically whatever it is, they want. Especially if you're a public figure. Oh, the fact how, Miriam Olifant, now she's not too small potatoes. The fact is about fill are pouring in. Here's one that says, I stop listening to fill not only because of his worst thick, because I gave him another shot during his rambles. He was unnecessarily critical of just about everybody and worse. It wasn't funny. So I quit fill for good. Okay. Here's a regular listener. My name says regarding fill a hungry. Let me tell you how justified he shows become. Fill a hungry has been so rattled by the radio powers of KFI and Los Angeles that the end of every show we asked to have it a disclaimer that all the voices were his. And then all the characters are official and made up. He shows become a complete joke as an mirror is a mere shadow. What was it, Miami? That's basically what I said. I didn't say it was a joke, but I said it was not the same as it was here. Right? Right. So wherever this listener was, feels like a familiar name, he went to your ass on the internet. So there you go. Thanks, bud. Thanks for alerting me. Not that I really give a crap on where the other because it's not the first time he's pulled his. He's just so bitter and hostile and talk about standing somebody in the back. Tickie's called the Potcomicale Pink. Walmart stores is unexpectedly cancel testing for an experimental wireless inventory control system. Any one of the first and most closely watched efforts to bring controversial radio frequency identification technology to store shelves in the US. A Walmart represented this week told CNET News that the retail travel not conduct a plan trial of a so-called smart shelf system with partner Gillette that was scheduled to begin last month at an outlet of Brockton, Massus, a Boston Suburb. The shelf was never completely installed Walmart's postman Tom Williams said we didn't want it, and there were many materials that were in Brockton were removed. We never had any products with chips to them. Radio frequency identification RFID technology uses micro chips to wirelessly transmit product serial numbers to a scanner without the need for human intervention. The technology has seen as an eventual successor to barcode inventory tracking systems, promising to cut distribution costs for manufacturers in improved retailing margins. But. But the technology has drawn barbs from consumer privacy groups that worry about potential abuses. If product tracking tanks are allowed to follow people from stores into their homes. Oh, right. Maybe when you sit on the toilet. Yeah. It'll relay the aroma and how many seeds and all of these things. We had you wipe with. Whether most finger was in there at any point. So the entire story is on our website today. One of our bed term stories. Walmart canceled shelf trial. Smart shelf trial. Just another way that big brother was sticking to know is deep inside your. You're at them. 560 50560 palm five 60 on the AT&T line. Which while in American is the biggest asshole of them all. We're asking today. 287. This is our second poll of the day. George W. Bush 102. He's going to win hands down. Model four as I'm speaking. They're pouring in. Rush Limbaugh 43. Model Howard David at 39 not to embed. Absolutely. Jesse Jackson 36 he's right on Mose ass. But he's probably used to it. John Askcroft 15. Robert's field 14. L sharp in 12. Phil Henry's up to four time with Wayne H. H. Zingha. O. Jason's in New King Rich and Pat Robertson. Nice going Phil. I don't know what it is. It's an awful lot different than what I expected. This is the first week of this so called summer vacation schedule. This is an I would I thought. Sorry. It's all my fault. Yeah, from now wake up call yesterday. They tend to do it again and of course. Beener Boy is dressed as both out so much less two weeks. Every day we sit there with baited breath. Praying and hoping that they might show up sometime like get a reasonable period of time. Well, what's the crisis this week? Beener Boy, I think we ought to know about. No. Nathan was playing your agrony behavior. I've been staying somewhere else and it's been a. He wasn't there. He even further into Jacksonville. I don't think that our conversation two weeks ago hadn't any impact on his child. Do you think we're getting through to him? No. Where there's no sense there's no feeling. All the Chinese proverb. Here's a call from Cooper City. Hello. Good. How you doing? I'm doing okay. I got a couple for the. Okay, sir. Martha Stewart. Martha Stewart's an outstanding choice. Okay. And one that you would like nearly might want to change you is your. Your. The church. Oh. Oh. Yeah. About that. Oh, confidically vote over again. Yeah. Although. I'll try to read it. Okay. Thanks. There's another guy obviously lost a money with my close personal buddy. My church. Thanks again, remember. Oh, brother. You're right. If I had a chance to change my vote, I vote a whole bunch of times. I'm not. At least. Man, oh, man. What I mean, snake world salesman look out. Look out. My my my. 567. 560 pound five 60 on a AT and T line. Don't forget to the for the afternoon. Joe Rose fills in from Mad Dog. His topic today will be ours from Boca. His guest will be. His guest will be ours from Boca. His first call might be. Oh, no. Oh, sorry. Sorry. How do I know that I did that? Oh, my god. I got so care was my bad, but I got so carried away with that. He wanted to do. Just to see. You think of. No, not that. Seriously, what the hell is that under? That thing where we're Rose goes off and says, get up date of what took place just now off the year. That's what gets to the important here. This. Howard just called the radio. Don't know how it starts. That was my bad. It's starting to give you an update of what took place just now off the year. Because I think it's important here. This Howard just called the radio station Howard David. Who I get along with great. He called me an asshole saying I was trying to stir it up. My point back to Howard is don't listen. Listen to 101.5. Let me see what age group 101.5 for Howard. Maybe 102.7. It's a measly listening. Love music. So you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids. Instead of listening and always calling the radio station. He's become an Howard. The caller like Howard from Boca. Howard from Boca. It's like, you know, it's okay. So anyway, he's he's listening. So this one to get the message out and don't call my show to just for a record. Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you. And I don't want to hear you on the private line. Congratulations. You know the private line number. That's great. But don't call because you're not coming on this show. You've got your three hours five to eight. Monday through Friday. You can talk all you want, but you're not coming on this show. And we'll leave it at that. All right. I got nothing against you. You seem like a decent person. No. And I know you've been getting that taking a big hit on the radio station from everybody else. But it's over. Me and you done. You asshole. Okay. One thirteen. Joel. Tell you more about that from two to four. The seven. You're the only one to hang show because hang sound vacation in Vegas. You're the actual is for the seven. And that's the big seven to ten. Eddie K. 10 to two and Joe Mark overnight two to five. And I've pressed the in schedule all a little erratic little out of the Or neurotic little erotic. If you want to see the best horse race, sign on casting. Here's the place to go. Pomp and a park head over to Pomp and a park race track tonight. Pomp and a park is open every day seven days and nights a week featuring the best and harness through a break racing and high-lash. And from all across North America, free to watch and plunge your guts on. And general parking and admission in Pomp and a park as always free. F. R. E. Free. Say it again. Friday and Saturday. It's the fourth floor players lounges open featuring a special full course dinner package for just 5.95. And you are plenty of free sitting in hundreds of TVs. The viewer favorite track or you can get private to box seat with your own team. And you can get your own team on your for just 2.5 bucks. It's all done in a smoke free environment too, dammit. Come up this weekend at the middle lands race track. It'll be the 400,000 dollar finals for the Stanley Dancer truck and the Delvin Miller truck Friday. And a hundred and a million dollars, views me the big million dollar middle lands pace final takes place. This Saturday night from the middle lands. Of course you can see the Pomp and a park and plunge your guts on it as well. By the way, speak of that. Brian series. I've seen him win a lot of races at the middle lands. He's doing great. Nice going. I love you. The best sweetheart. The best out of the Biennier Bullard in Power Line road for the<|sl|>eling STRIлав Release the 50 years. Construction environmental in the city, the world will start recoring a fresh water aged and that's why we increased as well. We've practiced very quickly for hiphop. People who are selectically working on the ABC Plan and order are Chicago, Santa,Really? Yeah? Okay. So, to discuss this, we'll deal with that attack inego, that is a remarkable time. Oh, Mr. Mouse, good morning. How are you? What the hell are you doing to me? Nothing, sir. You're quick and call me. No, not. I got David Kelly called me every three minutes. Why did we move a protest? Sir, you told me to move the bride and tell you what you're not from this one to stop me. No, sir, you said move the practice to Monday. Hey, hey, listen, but wipe on the ball. I'm at the decisions you take the heat. You all go to practice. Okay, okay. How are we doing with it anyway? I'm home on. Hold on. Remind. Evil shot. Saw how up. I'm on the phone, Remind. Hold on. Yes, sir. What was your question? I'm telling you, I'm going crazy over here. Between David Kelly and the Michael Jackson call me every three minutes. I'm going to go out of my freaking mind. Hold on. Get him. Get him. Follow me, Remind. I'm going to follow. Stop, call the floor, Remind. Remind. Remind. It looks like this in my hand, Remind. That's your beat, it's both. My other hand, Remind. That's a phone, Mom. Right. I can't hear anything, Remind. Stop, calling the floor. Sorry. I'm not sure. Sir, the moves are working out very well. The practice is four minutes times. And moving is constant. We're going to be the WB. Fairly. Oh, my god. Michael Jackson was a rating success. Oh, God. Hold on a second. Remind. It's the book. What's our helly of doing with a harmonica? I'm going to lose the old boy. Don't play, Remind. I'll jam the thing down here. It's real. And get that blue bird away from me. Oh, come on, Remind. I'm allergic. I'm allergic. I'm allergic. Sir, over 25 million people saw. Don't apologize, Remind. Listen. Yeah. You see me? What I'm doing here? Sir, you're on the phone. I know. I'm on the phone. Do you see what I'm doing? You're a imagination for crying all along. I'm moving my hands up and down. Why? I'm the puppet master. I said, you do it. Now, Fox is going to arrow all the stuff that you cut out of a Michael Jackson interview. But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him more angry. Oh, that's a- that's a- that's a- that's a- How did Master? Me? It's me! It's me! Oh! Woo-hoo! Woo-hoo! Really? Yes, yes, but! What's the hell you're doing now? Listen to flow, though. It's nothing wrong with a floor, Remind. What's this in my ear? That your feet is both. My other ear, Remind. Oh, that's the phone, Remind. Get out! Go over to work! Get out! I swear! Yes, sir. Kill me! Kill me! I'm sorry, sir. Kill me! Sorry. Kill me, softly! That is my favorite Mickey and Eisner. It's on there. It's on the best of that. That's your penis boss. Anyway, here's the facts from Jerry and Buddy, this brings us to his really testing and listening to his mind today with his pull all my way before we Jerry Spanx. Here's two more great ones. How could we have forgotten her elder were Vera? And Mike Tyson. Absolutely correct. Oh, my God. Susan, well that's why I knew that we'd have the developer big one before the end of the show and a list too. My Tyson. It says you have some great names on list. The problem is the biggest asshole in America is the last right wing lunatic I saw on a talking TV head show. When I see Ken Edelman or Anne Colter, makes my skin crawl, what about Anne Colter? Yeah. We don't have too many females on air if we can put her in our category. loosely. Let's get Anne Colter that bitch on air. It says I've become ill just watching to take a car or a row of walking to his car. The bull could have been billed over a two day period and the list is going to vote for their top 10 assholes. Anyways, as I guess I'll vote for Anne's cropped all the while change my mind after crossfire and hardball around the night. I wonder if today's the day that's the hell of what's his name. Mother Rukhucker Carlson is going to eat his shoe because Hillary stole over maiden books. Yeah. I'd rather I would actually tune in if he would eat something that also starts with that state's banana shoe. Yeah. Here's a fact that says about a year ago I was coming home from night classes. Heard Phil Henry talking about how he can't continue his format anymore. He couldn't keep the interest in the audience how he was losing interest. Oh. He was going to go back more into what he called topic radio with humors input. So maybe he heard your comments about not being able to keep up his stick. Nevertheless, he never came through with his announcement. Maybe his right wing views are his way of going to topic radio who the F.N.S. Thank you very much. Little spy report there. Really sad because Phil is one of those people. You know, I had a good following in the market. A lot of people would like to like him. You know what I mean? He want those people you would like to like. But lately he makes it pretty hard. Pretty hard if you catch my drift. How's that NBC TV show coming? Oh, we'll see that no more. Are you? 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless lines. George W. of course run in a way. He's going to be in Votes Rush Limbaugh 50. More Howard David is right there on Rush's ass. Maybe he figures payback as a bitch. Moes got 46 but Jesse Jackson's on Moes ass 41. And then it's way down. Those are the big four. John S. Croft 19 from spelled 14, sharp and 14. Phil, Henry VII. Iced on Phil. Okay. Wayne high ping of four. OJ Simpson 4 new King Rich 4. Pat Robertson 4 and Long list. How's Miss Fudge doing? She's probably only got a couple. What do you think? One. Huh? A couple of what? Breasts. Here's the call from Hylia. Hello. Hylia. Going one. Ah, how why do we know that? Why do we know that? Hylia was always going to be that. It's like line nine syndrome all over again. Are there any normal people in Hylia? No, no. I don't think so. 567560 pound 560. We're faltering here. Folks, the list certainly is going to grow. I know that. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey, New Hardie doing today. Pretty good, sir. I got a couple of you. You left off the list. Okay. Who is it? Swillerie. Chuck Swillerie. No, no. Swillerie. I'll swillerie. Clinton. Okay. Excuse me. And then dead man into chair. Don't I miss? Okay. And the thing with Phil. He's been doing this ever since the war started. He just switched his format in midstream. And now he's doing it every single night. He's going over over over and over again. He's ripping everybody a button. And he's going to try to do his funny voices again. Sounds to me. Sounds to me like a bitter frustrated guy who's coming to the end of a good run. But the H stick is over. Well, it's, it's, you'll never be the way he was down here in the days when you and him are on IOD. Yeah, we had a great thing going. Okay. Thanks, pal. All right, have a good one. You too. That's kind of sad. And I was just thinking that you read my mind. That makes me feel good. No. No. The final curtain. No. I mean, you know, okay. So he's having problems. And I listen. If anybody knows how difficult it is to maintain a talk show that I've been doing for a bunch of years in this town. But third man. I mean, I know. So I don't knock him for that. But it isn't that exactly what I said. That his act is a very hard one to maintain and keep me in fun with it every day and come up with new characters and new voices and pulling a will over a big chunk of the audiences eyes. Right? What's what I said? What's the wrong to you? What's the wrong to the act? I mean, it kind of loses in the translation. You know? What's they've heard Margaret or a Bob Green with the 85 different voice? 560, 560, pound 560, auto AT&T. Verizon wireless line. Here's a call from beautiful Boca. Hello. Auto Neo. Yes, sir. I love you. You are the by far the most proud. It's still his talent. After many doesn't have his stick down as he had it. But you got it. He's still. He's still. Oh, he is. He's a unique talent. I would never. I've always said that. Now you should be syndicated all of the country. Why you're not on my mind. Because my agent is a schmuck. He's a wannabe. He's a wannabe baseball player. He's a wannabe. Whatever. He's just a puts my agent. So that's why. I'm going to vote in for George W. Okay. He's just a moron. He's going to hands down your pants. He's run away from the field. When he doesn't have something to read in front of him. He just absolutely loses it. And he just repeats himself. Just keep in mind. He's the face man. He if anybody believes he's run in the country man. They're in a dream world. He's the right way. Have a great day, pal. He's the face man for a bunch of evil doors. Okay. And people may think I'm joking, but that was the game plan when George Herbert Walker Bush 41, whatever you want to call him. I'm sure a lot of people have interesting words for Bush one. He's an asshole. Okay. But that was the idea. He's going to get his two terms. Then W is going to get in there for two terms. And Jeff's going to have two terms. And then George P. Young George P by that time. He's ready for two more terms. It was going to be Bush country. United States of Bush. Which most of you guys out there. I don't think that's the necessarily the Bush you had in mind. I want to be in those. In fact, there's two others that probably are standing in front of one being in a can. And the other one. Being nearer can. 127 at five 60 WQA. If you're on the atkins or any other low carb sugar free diet, then you need to know that there's a great store that's dedicated just to you. And that's he likes a West Boca. They got more stuff there than you've ever seen in your life. In fact, they've got over 900 low carb sugar for your products and stock. And new ones come in like almost every moment. Be sure and check out their new low carb instant cup of soup. What do you do is add water, pop it in the old microwave. It's a low carb meal and a cup for delicious flavors. Try to sinfully the delicious low carb muffins for quick breakfast or your own individual size cheesecake. Some of the new things that come into last few weeks. Almonds, snack cakes and six delicious flavors. The at last brand chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars with no malt at all. You'll be saying at last because you'll have something delicious and tasty. And you won't be spending half a day on the pot. All right, ready to drink chocolate and vanilla shakes. The low carb meal in the can and duties low carb peanut brittle. It's got unbeatatively great taste and delightful. And also they got the low carb hot cocoa apple cider. Blimeys and brownies and the lights and credible selection of low carb. Pasta's sauces, dressings, chip chocolates and their real famous Carvalet ice cream too. You can try anything of the store before you bite and they're all delicious. And all the atkins brand products are on sale all day every day. Their staff knows dieting inside and out. So I'll give it a try. Every day 10 to 10 you'll find the lights on the northeast corner of Glades and 441 Exdebossed and Market in Boka right down to Hershey Highway for a mile. Moleives, column 23 at 1-877 low carb or shop among a web at low carb.com. The lights and was book of your official atkins retail center. That's a movie. My and local here sports video 560C. You a.m. Go. Up, riding around with your windows down. Dial us up on the show right now. We've got a vacancy in the hotel. We'll talk about men, tell your penis swells. How fast they run and how good they look. And pass along tips for your polky to book. Hello sports fans. Put up about the way we're going over them. And Elvis, you're a pop. And my wife, the pirate hired. Do I start setting like time at ups. Talking about 10 women and you're loving it. And some side issues like where are all the lighter trucks? Remember those housing and they with a rider. The smell of muskying over is like it. That blended so well with the Indian South African. A cruise and along the afternoon. Talking about ignorant sport, old girls. A job single, dangled their balls like a bell. And if I have good, their jocks drop spells. And let's talk about women except to say. He's got a nice patch of real estate. And I got a deal with a picture. Can you? Sticky food. Would you believe? Like the thing don't get it from the do-it? I have all the line. My old friend like bra. Get bra. Go. Sorry about that. I meant six free. And the stock stock team. They're pretty simply old, right? All around full trick. They're not schooling anybody, Paul. I don't think that's like a bad relation. And like 20 a money. Don't even need the good. So blow it up your ass, my friend. Because I can stay here in the laks. And wear my charm. It takes a real man to do a radio show and wear a tongue. One thirty two and five sixty mad dog not here today. In fact he's got the rest of the week off. He's got a test schedule too. Just like all the rest of us. Anyway, here's a bizarre facts. Joe Rose will be on and he'll be ripping mullin' ass. Have you understand this facts at all? The long one that you sent me with a line down the left side of it? Oh, let me dig it out. Or maybe you didn't read it. Okay. Well let's see. Bruce first of all. Hey guys, love the show and line up. No changes. I was wondering if you can play a bit the golf game. I'd like to find out how to get a copy. How many times have I been asked for that? I had something that you play I guess? No, you remember that the bird used to play that thing. And you thought it was corny as Helen would never play it. Right. Read with you and I never will. That's it. Sorry, Bruce. We love you. But we don't have that. And if I wanted to play it, I probably have that. My head examiner blew my brains up. It's an old bird thing. Okay. So you read it with the same era as the reputation context. Yeah. Same disguise. I don't even know what that was because I never played it because it was just awful. It was horrible. Now this other facts. It says I just don't understand it with failure. Come at about to show with the most innocuous statement you've ever made. In fact, when a radio show becomes national, it's more homogenized and sterile. It has to be because it has a national audience. It's just common sense. I don't see what there is to be offended by. Especially for man who's been in a radio business for 30 plus years. Well, first of all, what I was trying to, I guess they missed the point I was making. The fact that he syndicated all across the country means he's had tremendous success. He's reaching a gigantic audience. He's reaching millions of people. I'm on here in a mobile teeny tiny market doing pretty well. Thank you. Not good on wood. And then that's what it was my point. Nothing idiotic about that. And yes, when you do go nice, don't you have the sacrifice. There's no question about that. You lose the local element. You immediately become generic. Right. Hey, why go Zionist? I never take anything Phil says seriously, but he's become so bitter. And I know that it's not an act. I can sense it intuitively. First, they start up by saying I shouldn't be offended. And then it goes how to say that he knows it's not an act. I knew there was trouble when he started calling people like Miss Drudge Friends. I didn't even care about his position on the war because everyone's got a right to their own opinion. Met House stupidity might be. What really pissed me off is a couple of months ago when a Canadian call him and said his car was a manned by a manned by a war asshole because Canada was against the invasion. He felt basically defended the vandal. Same thing was nothing anybody could do about it because vandalism just happens. And Canadians have a lot of nerve criticizing the West and the first place because if it weren't for us, they'd be speaking German or Russian blah, blah, blah. He's just an opportunistic jerk. A quizzling with no integrity. And then it goes on says maybe somebody will vandalize Phil's property because after all it just happened. So he deserves it anyway. Woo! Oh look at this. We missed the yesterday was the big, uh, a Schmidt eating on a crossfire. Mugger Tucker Carlson ate the shoe on yesterday's crossfire. Hillary Clinton brought out a large works. You made out of cake. Carlson had no idea it was going to take place. She also gave an autograph copy of a book and read to Tucker. You're one in a million. Oh thank you, Jeremy. He just brings him believe me. We appreciate your second facts. Do you like that? So swelry really put him in his place. That's going swelry even though I can't stand it, bitch. I can stand him less. You know what I'm saying? Right. I tried to choose between mother Tucker Carlson and stupid bowtie and his is the right way mentality. And Hillary, come on, Hillary. All is forgiven sweetheart. So we missed that. Dammit. Gosh, dang. Here's a call from Kendall. Hello. Down, Uncle Neil. Yes, you're right. Hi. Did you have him to catch, uh, uh, hand cultures new thing in, uh, in time magazine the most recent time. I wouldn't look at an ankle. Her article looked picture anything having to do with her. I wouldn't even smell it. I never heard of her except from the bits on, on your show. I have one real familiar with her. She doesn't look all that bad. I was wondering if she'd be bitch. Oh, you got to be kidding me. I'm a little dirty though I guess. She was about 42 pounds soaking wet that bitch. Uh, she's just, um, if you look up Stanky and the dictionary, her pictures next to it. I was wondering, you know, is this you've got about her, uh, from, uh, blinded by the right even stuff. I worry. Right. Is there something to that to that offer happen to catch her doing something dirty at a party? I'd like to fantasize about that. Well, you keep working on all day pal. Okay. Keep us stroking it. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound five score score. That's in piglong pound five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. I guess not. If that's what this guy's got to fantasize about his name, colders. Good luck to it. Huh? You want to say, everybody will burglow gets their warm. American beauty. If you missed the beginning of the show, trust me what I've told you. It is the movie. If you haven't seen it and I hate to break that fact of the news. Some of us haven't seen it yet till I watch it last night. It is outstanding. It is excellent. Five Academy Awards. You know, I'm so stupid right on the cover. It's his 1999. But I was looking on the back because I've got more information. Who cares? Five Academy Awards, 1999, including Best Picture. Kevin Spacey and Ed Benning. Peter Gallagher. Right. I mean, Peter Gallagher. Peter Gallagher was the one, which only came. The real estate king. There was a, yeah, with a stick eyebrows. Allison Janney. Thoroughb bitch. A birch. She was the daughter who was made up to be very homely. But actually, she's kind of cute. She had on the punk lipstick. West Bentley. Oh, West. Hey, West. How about some of that? No, not the pot. Minus Suvari. That was the oblanca in the Martian. And John Johnson, even though that Kevin Spacey had the hospital here. And of course, that was part of the centerpiece of the last half of the movie. Was his obsession with her and whatever. Yeah. You can't say anything. Because if you say something, you're giving a part of the movie. You ain't all want to do that. It surprises all the way through. But at any rate, she's a skank. I could see that. You will see her boobies in there. That's something to look forward to. But it's right. This last guy to just called, forget about, uh, and a colder that bitch. And go out and rent American beauty rose, plucked nips. Yes. I mean, first you see the rose petals. And I'd later run if you wait long enough. You see the rose buds. There. And a nasty body beneath those two large melons, man. Oh, she looked like she had that Auschwitz special body. She really, oh, brother. Oh, it's bad. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I know. I don't like her. It's terrible. Looks like her chest was like concave or something. But at any rate, two weeks it's own. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Deal. Yes, sir. Love your show. Thank you. I want to touch on a couple things. Yeah, yesterday we should see something called the space when. When. When. He was a little bit. Oh, my god. He turned blood red. He was, had, had, had been down. He, he looked like a schoolboy, like, you know, had a major crush on her. He, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I was standing, I wish I would have seen that. Yeah, he was a surprise. They didn't tell him that she was going to be under she came out there and has big monster shoot. Uh, no, I, I. I would have had time to see it, but I was too busy helping a search party here. Looking for Katherine Harris's body. All right. All right. And quarter. I hate that bitch. I. Yeah. Stay in her. She was on cross for a few weeks. to the cost of the guy in the 50s McCarthy I read about it I read about it just yesterday's a matter of fact how the disgusting is that the middle of the main hall to be right well maybe she like him a lot because he was a closet queen maybe that's the reason that you know all she never made a maybe that's what she likes her the you you know the couple weeks ago when you don't show about the binging when you know it's for me I'd buy a right group of no one incredible I can sit there need to have a down and I thought there's a whole half a gallon but if you just eat right the rest of the day you know he turned and chicken and that's the you're right when you're when you're when you're diabetic it's in your blood you're up to like 3.8400 that's not good news that's bad stuff that's true and one more thing is a couple you also told me the week ago about the proper thing on xp right uh... on your website that's right and you're going to put that on there and never got around to do an ad beiner boy i've put it up but i guess information that i had it wrong so i'll put up again corrected i'm here and you twenty-five the radio is in the garbage okay have a great day pal oh twenty-year-five this is twenty-03 twenty-05 what time is it now no seriously is that what it says on here is that one my contract and i thought it was twenty-06 i thought i had maybe i've only got two and a half years to go is that correct i don't know i might have a party in my pants to stay up to if that's true but you know how it says on our website where do we get the count on but i had that's been wrong a few times no whatever it says on there that's what i'm going right we're going to just that wait a minute where the hell is that thing is it above the cartoons it's correct second to last day on the way the bottom all the way in the bottom oh she's been beneath the bedtime stories holy crap all the because we got how many bedtime stories we got today but thirty man man i'm scrolling and scrolling and scrolling and scrolling are you sure is in above the statue of liberty i think you're wrong you're going to be disappointed what do you mean by that you got three years five months according to this oh no i don't i don't oh yeah three years five months twenty one oh okay i can't get me and call like i back okay and get ahead on him give me a false sense of security over it listen i'll be here until i feel like saying goodbye i don't understand see you we're tired we haven't heard from him today we're tired come on call and give me some encouragement sir wouldn't take much one forty two at five sixty wqm if you haven't called you're desperately need a good mattress to lay your ass on here's the answer for you that one simple call one eight hundred m a t t r a s if you want the best brands in the universe had discount prices every day without the hassles are schlepping all over town in the summer heat into those better showrooms then i urge you to do what i've been doing for a long time just make that one simple call one eight hundred mattress the people of dot on mattress have got delivery down to a size you get to choose the date and time to fidget schedule you get a two hour window any day the week you want so you're not sitting home all day wasting a day of your life and dot on mattress delivers on evenings weekends holidays whenever it's most convenient for you maybe you're thinking about one of those Swedish pho mattresses that you see in the special these doors while here's some good news for a dot on mattress carries temper peatick and they also carry all the big names in the business they got service simmons king coral and see me at low everyday discount prices like having a biggest mattress during a country just a simple phone call away recently the lovely but very confused Miguel called one a hundred mattress and guess what they showed up on time they took away that smelly nasty old bedding was scandalous they set up the brand new one they did all the things he was hoping for and last more two so don't wait another minute pick up that phone right now and get yourself a great night sleep for a month and years to come call one eight hundred ma t t r e s for dime mattress the easy the smart way to get you a great night sleep and don't forget you can check them on the web to add macros dot com my mind and local this is for sure you'll buy sixty two way to the you can unwrap all the slime all the time over even like you're You ain't like a pussy. Like a spoiled old boy. I like food well. I like this. Oh, you see the Dutch? I can't help but eat it around plate. I'll just go out and eat it this time. I'm so stupid. You're like a flyer. I want to swat away. Get out of here. Oh, man. I'm going to slap. Yeah, try going to eat. It's too awkward. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. See, when you don't get laid, that's going to happen to play on the instill. Yeah, you talk about women. All the time. I only talked about men. I don't know. What's up? I have to slap it for a little bit. Maybe I can get a gixen and bokeh fry in sons. Don't be so deep. I'm not going to slap. Go scare me. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, me too. 148 and 560 WCM. Great. The highly respected Joe Rose coming up for the mad dog to the for the afternoon. Don't think of Joe that he's speaking to the devil. He'll be on 4 to 7 for rank from shoals. Here's a fact says, my meanest of all he looks like a guy then alien. There's nothing sexy about her. I love American duty. But couldn't figure out why he fantasized over the ugly but well, you got to admit when she was like doing a cheerleading thing with a pom-pom's and from a distance. She looked pretty hot from a distance. Yeah, right. Also, just as an FYI, which I did not know, but I'm sure George did. Nope. American beauties. The name of a variety of rose. But we got Joe Rose. How about an American decent American beauty? He's a variety of rose. He's a variety of rose. It's a that's where the rose petals come from. So in all those scenes where you see all the rose petals like what she's in the bath tub. That is even newer. That's what that is American beauty is. It's a rose. God damn. Is this an educational show? No. Or what? Chris and the gross says, Paul's a judge in Dennis Miller for our biggest asshole. Good choice. A Chris, especially in other days, they can sure they're fashes. Could it be a more obnoxious asshole? Not much. Not much chance. Dennis Miller, get him on there. Got him be a boy. Yeah. What time you're going to be in the work tomorrow, be in the boy? I'm not leaving. Just stay there. We're going to have a bodyguard to make sure that you don't leave the building. Because George needs you badly and he's been wimpering and whining just frantically about the fact that you're showing up two minutes and especially days when I'm out there like, you know, because I'm the only ally you've got who's up to George. You'd be back under that overpass right now. Just keep that in mind. Not a warning. Just a friendly message. If you leave it up to your friend George there, but I'm being. Anyway, two big problems for a field. This is rich packers facts. The packer facts. In fact, maybe he could replace Bill already. We could have the packer factor. He says two big problems for a field. Number one, the element of surprise is important for comedy and after a while, Philistic loses its novelty. The element of surprise is gone. Number two is politics. They make no sense. Elogical jingawism and constantly equating it with the, equating 9 level with the rack. Big, I can't read this. Big turn off in a something in something show. Oh, and allegedly comedy show. That's the two cents from the packer factor. Get your hand when you get a new up. Of vertical, those depends the filters. Which one? Any other menu? Sharpie. Get a new Sharpie. Okay. Where'd you get a for it? Maybe a Pawrary Junior Bio One. Okay. You read that thing. My guy to go blind try to read that writing. Come on. Rich you can do better than that. But a good point, though. Which one on American is the biggest asshole of the mall? That's our pull question that we had an earlier pull about. Who's most a photographic and discussed and have seen and vulgar me or for well? That was he inspired me to take the pull. Meet me up more than two to one. Not even close. Didn't we have like over 500 posts on that thing? Something like that. The biggest asshole on all George W. Bush 139. Rush Limbaugh 53. More Howard David at 50. Jesse Jackson 46. Jesse still write on most ass. John Askcroft 20. I'll sharp the 18 dollar rum spell 15. OJ 9. Phil Henry 8. Phil's right on OJ's ass. Wayne Hypinga 6. Newt King Rich 5. Pat Robertson 4. Anthony Scalia 3. And it's a single digit down from there. Long way to go. 9 minutes till two boards of sight. He haven't your rose under day. I might actually pop in here for a little while during the afternoon. I usually don't. You know, because you got to go to lunch. Things like that. Find the life. But it might be kind of interesting. Listen to Joe Rose talking about Howard from Boca. 152 at 5.60 WQM or a family. Don't ever forget it folks. We're a big dysfunctional family. And that's where we like it. If you're in a dead end job, if you can't afford to feed it to yourself. Much less of family. Maybe colleges to a defensive and takes those long four years. You don't have time to wait for that to get a life. If you can afford just 10 bucks a month to commit yourself to three nights a week for four months. Our friends at fast-trank and up you get to a new high-pane computer career. Keep those eight words in mind. Computing chips. That's right. 10 bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify. So call fast train toll free. 1 866 fast train. Tom at the Uxious Todd Dreck. To order to call. With four locations all over town is about to be one year by you. Now they're in four Lodderdale. The number of pies, Kindle and Miami. And fast train offers day eating and weekend schedules. Job placement. Hands on training. Call fast train today. It could change your life. This one easy call. 1 866 fast train. Fast train defer payment is valid for a year. Break it up payment supply thereafter. Whether you're a high school student on summer break. Somebody in a really bad nasty underpaid dead end job. Or just look at a winqueous unit worth. This is the way to go. Call fast train toll free. 1 866 fast train. Or check them on that wicked web. If you like it. Fast train. Come on. And low call. This is for three or five sixty. Wait. And way. And way. But I smell it. Welcome back to the highly rated Mo Howard Adapter to the show. Holding to my own. Traveling. OK. Stop it. Where were we? Oh. Oh. You were doing that to me. Oh. Sorry. That's better. Oh. Run day. Hey. I didn't see you could train I guess. Oh. Run day. Now you. Crate. Cut. I love you. Run day. Get speed. Not a chance. Not a chance. Not a chance. I want you. Oh. Run day. And can I spit it out? What should I do? I cannot say the goddamn thing is saying, what are you doing? I'm playing with my favorite poker. I'll hit it all. Oh. That's quite understandable. Why? I sometimes have. Oh. I know. Can't get me. Oh. Oh. I'm going to hit it all. I'm going to hit it all. I'm going to hit it all. Almost there. See. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. I. He's the last metaphor which was real popular in aدي. I rememberues I went through a really bad way he was the last就到. Which was very popular in an American culture. package. So what do you think of that pull for next Tuesday? Which who is most jealous and of let me do it right? Yeah. Who is most jealous of and or obsessed with Neo Rogers? Excellent idea. That a good pull. Thanks, Todd. So just a lot of inspiring for that. Now here's the list I got so far. Okay. Okay. Phil Henry. Mohour David. Joy Reynolds. Missed Rudge. Yeah. And then a good list to get started with. Steve Ken. Steve K. Oh, excellent. And then we'll just leave it at that because some of the people can fill some in next Tuesday. But you have any idea what a tremendous weight while I'm sure you do because you had to do this. Three days a week now you've got to be due to doing it. But it coming up with a pull for like that far ahead. Oh my god. It's like taking a jugged in. Wait, and then I got the one for Thursday about which your performer TV or movies will you absolutely go see them. You see what I'm saying? Right. That one? Yeah. I'm liking it a lot. 560 5660 pound 5660 on the AT&T line. Here's a call from Daniel. Hello. Yes sir. Oh, I didn't know it was me. I saw a clip on the channel 7 news. It knew in the bout that Hillary Clinton walking out with that shoe for that guy. Right. As she put it down on a table in front of him, she said, I want you to know I made it better. It had it made specially for you. It's a right wing tip. Oh, I wish I had to see that. Yeah. Well, that you make at you to want a new school if we're something up right. They show it. And that guy that thought that an culture is hot looking for that guy need some coke bottles for glasses or something. Yeah. I got that. I got that. I got the name of a really great ophthalmologist and pan-rackin' going to get her. I saw her when a panel show and her legs are so skinny. I was hoping she wouldn't cross them because they might break off or something. Yeah. She looks like about 40 pounds of crap on two toothpicks. Yeah. And one more thing, Neil. Don't retire. Okay. Okay. So not least for three years and five months or whatever. I must say quote first. Moe is pulling for that. He's hoping for me to croak. That would be, you know, how bad that is. How evil. That would be like my coming on here here in sin that like I would dance on most grave, you know? Yeah. Oh, it would be bad. What I do then? And not only would I do it. I can't wait. Let's have a contest to see who's going to die first. But if you're in one, aren't you? Oh, you want to be your nurse. Of course, when you get to be like Moe in about 90s, you've got a real head start. Bye bye.