Anyway, Neil, your good friend Reverend John said hi to me last night. Where is he? All right. Uh, Kenny and Reverend John were looking for you last night. And despite what? That's what I was doing. I couldn't talk to you because I was going to read a little big one. Now who's laughing now though? I filled my section. You said I couldn't do it. But when you talking about your section, I had, I was like, that's like saying I'm filling this studio with the listener. That was higher, Stadia. There must have been four to two. Why don't you admit it right now? I don't want to bring you out of the closet. Or two. Why don't you admit it that you were lying through your teeth? You try to tell these people. Yeah, I got a problem at ballpark. You don't care about the ballpark, which is fine. You know, there's no baseball fans here. You're turning it over to central. You're just good. When I was even little beater, boy got laid there last night. He thinks when I was eating my friend's toast, he said to me, I'll admit it that Miami fans are clearly at a different level than all other cities. Big mistake about that. That's right. They're going to leak it their own. I'm going to tell you that the audience, if you could come in here, you want to really draw crowd. What we're going to do is have you eat at the stadium? Yeah. If this audience could see you eat, man, it's an experience. I've never seen it. I've never seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it for phase. I've seen every fat pig that make me look like mini miles. I mean, but I have never seen anybody. Just. He, he's, I was saying show, Shane, you're covering it. I see George gets so nervous. I think. I think with an entangues. I don't even use your fingers. I don't even use a napkin. That's what the beast said when he and Clurz were in the hallway. They're this morning. Why use utensils when you use your finger? Yeah. I go out to the water bottle in the bullpen in here when I've done. And I just splash my hands off and I go in soaking. Man, it's taken a maple syrup and he's pouring it out. He's got the French toast in the air. He's got the halfway to his post. And he's pouring the molasses on the bed. And he's been waiting to put it in the water. Well, one of the diaries between me doing that and sitting in the air with all the hands, tack on this mic. And they got, I, I, Howard's got some ginger, vitis land on the end of it. I got, I mean, man, it's just a little bit. I got a little runoff from his back. I get her beast touching this mic. I mean, the food I eat in there with my fingers. You know, that's why it sticks to me. I mean, you can see. I have the man. Oh, good. That's a slanting guy. Last night I had the parking lots filled 40,000 fans there. Worse than every single person that came up to say, how do they go, hey, for all I just wanted to say to you, no, Neil, not one person cared to me. They all asked about you. You have to start my ass. That's what you have to start my ass. You have to start your ass. You have to start your ass. You have to start your ass. You have to start your ass. You have to start your ass. You have to start your ass. You have to start your ass. I know you really say what it is. Four hours in your rankham. You know, I'm excited about it. I think you said you want to spend the rest of his life in your rain. This is what he was saying. Well, my nest of the world, Reverend Jol. My nest baseball of that is I got two of them. John Smalls is Jesus night and then the one immediately thereafter is it's your anus night. All right. We're going to have a big any. A lot of assholes up here. I think I can get more if I can get your million and a half to million losers. We get a meal's rectum. In fact, if you get like 20,000 people out there, then you can have like twice Howard's audience. I hadn't been there returning away. People last night at the gate. Oh, no. What is he laughing about in the back? You backstabber. I heard that. You backstabbing. Pony to beasty. Oh, brother. You should see the way he used to suck Moses. The fans. And as soon as Mova kicked his ass off the show, and I was busy sucking your ass. The fans were chaining he's last night as he was bust and all. The churrently is the hell of a job. You know, it's great about the beast man. He does runs up there. He gets carve out. It was a lot cheaper than a high calonic. You know, he was. Did I had all the fans there enjoyable too? A lot of fans there. Neo 40. You know, it's a beautiful slap. By the way, have you seen the beast in Clarence on our website? I just know that Clarence came home from Omaha. No one respects him anymore. They just think he's a whore. That'll shut this show down. How about a day? Hahahaha. Hook. You asshole. You asshole. Countdown home. Baby McCartney. New ones on the way. Having been a daddy since yesterday. Heather's expecting. We can work it out. But it doesn't make me want to twist and shine. You asshole. But off 60 floor I still change my burns. When this gets run up I will be dead. Better stock up now. Baby McCartney. Won't give me no rest. I am not much better off than the beast. Don't know if the kid will be a singer. Just hope it's healthy when it finally comes. You're great. What the job to have 10 toes in finger. Don't know if the kid will be a singer. Just hope it's healthy when it finally comes. You're great. What the job to have 10 toes in finger. Unlike it's my. Oh baby McCartney. You're daddy's healthy. One new one could just let me. This is better. That's sex. I believe you. 10-06-05-60 WQM sort of beast is crawling around all fours on the floor. Now the clearance is back in the building. Can you I can actually envision that. I can see it. I don't want to. And we got that gigantic jug. I can see it right from where I'm sitting. I get a jug of Olioliva extra virgin extra virgin olive oil for the beast. There you go. Clearance get a while it's hot. Oh. You know I don't think I'm going to make it through the rest of this week. This has been too much for a whole man like me. This has been way too much. I can't deal with just watching him eat. Have you ever seen anything like that? It's a show. I mean it's bizarre. He brings fingers into play. He doesn't need a hand. Yeah. This gives me the finger food. Rucker how I would love him a lot. I'll tell ya. He's like just shoveling it down. It comes in during his breaks. And this is what they for you know. Clearance your real jackass. Okay. Here's the guy they finally bring a guy in here who's like a talent. They bring somebody in that we actually like. That's a lot of fun. That you know it's having a good time. And well you're not going to be able to eat in that studio. We're going to show you a thing or two. This is Claire is his idea of trying to be a macho man. He's trying to like butcher himself up. He's going to show these guys. Of course you know this. He made an exception for this room. We did not get that memo. Did we? No. No we did not. Will we ever get that memo? No. Because he could blow it out his ass. And he knows that. We need it. Yeah. We probably put the catch of him. I eat it with relish. Not that we don't like you. You're a good little punk but you know keep your place. Sinner your machogany desk. Oh, that's right. I think I'm a hogany cards. I'm a hogany desk. I still can't get over that. Had a tremendous response on the yesterday. The thing about the homogany cards. WQAM line nine. It's got to be a crank. Hello. QAM. Hi. Yes sir. Sounds like me. Sounds like me. Hi Neil. This is Andy Arta. I'm the guy that's not going to forget about a board game. Forget about it. I'm going to float right now. Yeah. It's in the studio. Somebody must have lifted it. It's in a box here. It's in the box. Wouldn't open it. It's a mafia seems monopoly game. You'll get a carry. Okay. Let's probably around somewhere. And I gave in there's a couple other products to come along. I know you're going to kick out of it. You like the mafia law stuff. I sure do. All right. I'll look for it. Thanks. Have a great day. There you go. There's a first call. It's given us something for free. He wasn't really exciting. But nevertheless we'll take it. Whatever it is, we'll take it. Except more pictures from that asshole. A monkey man. Leave us alone. Okay. Realize that a bean boy is encouraging you. But leave me alone. Stay away from our lives. Okay. Monkey man. You're encouraging him. Oh, look at this. These are cute little pictures of the monkeys. They're here. You're in. You see he with one hand. He's pushing him away. And the other hand. He's like, you know, squeezing it. Just keep him out of my life. The freaking monkey man. It's never season two of Maze Me. We go from one miss fit. And like we finally work feverishly for 15 years. And we maybe get rid of one. You know, we're my right. You think you'd maybe. Maybe at least temporarily. They go on hiatus or something. And it no sooner do they disappear than like all of a sudden. There's another one just pops out of nowhere. Like a hydrant to take their place. So for else tells me that this is some of our misfits. Where there it is at the ballgame last night, which comes as no surprise to me. She's sorry. How does that if guy with the eyes was there? You're good buddy. Can. Woo. Can. Yeah. I think he'd have a good time with Erica for an Orlando. Let's end him up. And then of course, so the guy with a fatty packed in the Miguel say that to. Yeah. He was there to. Oh, brother. What? Just annoying guy. Just really annoying. Not the same category. Right. I mean, all things. Yeah. But nevertheless annoying. Well, benign to you. Once a. And the noise once in the lobby at the goddamn. P.P. a stadium there at the panther game with a gun. The heroine was a security guard. And he was carrying his packing heat in the goddamn arena. Yeah. Good guy. Yes. Right. The guy with a fatty packed. Well, it's not loaded. What maybe it is? This is what we're dealing with. And then of course, Reverend Jones was there. And I wish that he could have been here today to hear a forl describe him. Okay. Say you're disgusting subhuman piece of crap. What a surprise. He's a big fat sloth. Big fat slob. Unach Haven. He said he took up three seats with his gigantic ass. So I'm delighted that we're breaking for a l.n. It can really get the a smell to feel the lay of the land, especially the smell part. Mm. It smells lovely. That's why we're burning the incense. Soon as he mentioned, a guy would have found he packed the guy with a As Reverend Jones. Okay. We let the incense. Been pretty active here, though. All week. They're just milling around just. Oh, that's Neil. Oh, take a good look. I'll be going very soon. It is seriously. I don't want to be a belly ache. I don't want to be like a liner. But what happened to the store last night? And I walked outside. This is like 7.30 at night. It had to be 140 degrees in the humidity. He had to be 200 percent on thinking to myself, how did I, how did I survive all those years of this? How do you, how do you do it? How can you survive this? You don't, you just suffer. Even if there were people who liked baseball getting back to a forl in his lies about the He admitted by the way, he lied. He knows there's a bogus town. But then he say that. You heard him say that. He did say it. I'm not making stuff up and putting it in his mouth. Nothing. But it's just so damn inservable. So that's what we're dealing with. And empty deck is because anybody with a half a brain who had the luxury of getting out here, they're gone. They got to be gone. And I salute them. More power to them. I'll be right under heels, man. Get out of here. It's just a swamp. It is a goddamn swamp. Not that I don't like it. You don't understand that. But it's a freaking swamp. And it sucks. 12 minutes after 10 at 5. 60 WQM happy Thursday 2. It's a terrible one thing. The week is going by fast. And it's 10 to 2 thing. This is a piece of cake, you know. And Chris following him. He kills like the first few minutes there with our crossover, which is it's time for a break like before you even get your ass in a state. Thanks a lot Scott. Get a best. I mean, it's not as exciting as following mode. That type of smokeer will be up next Sunday. I'm going to be eating spikkin. That little aboner boy. Yeah, yeah. Are we sure? Are we feeling the difference in the ambiance and the building between those bad old days? And now there's just a slight difference in the feel and the hallway. I'm feeling something. Hey, how low can those interest rates go? If I time, wreck was in here a little while ago. Paynene S.E. in that midget. You know, he was 165 pounds. And he's like 5-1. Now, financial group does the limbo rock under the lowest refinance rate you've ever heard of in your life. How low is it? I'll tell you 1.95%. That's true. Now you can refinance your homer by a new homer. Get a super low 1.95% financing with financial group. Call him today and find out how you do the save yourself a crapload of cash. Call 1-800-940-land. That's 1-800-940-land. If you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate, call financial group 1-800-940-land. Talk about savings. Listen to these Paul P. Payments you make. If you have 100,000 alone, your payments are only a mere 365-8-boss amount. If you have you wait 200,000, your loan you pay only 736 amount. So call financial group. It's a toll-free call 1-800-940-land. And no, tell you how this works. And you'll get you a 1.94% financing rate almost on her to black, I said. 1-800-940-land for financial group. The Renequil housing lender, credit restrictions apply and rates are subdued. Change monthly 5.19 APR. We're supposed to be a 5-6% per UAM. Oh, we have quit dancing, will you? I like it. I like it. I like it. Rude off the scumbag bomber. He was hiding in the woods. Absolutely living like an animal. Just like a white supremacist. He is the creep who's wanted. For lighting the Olympic views. And for blowing up people. Who thought they had a right to choose. And then one steamy summer tea. Rude off the field of town. While looking for some dumpster food. A cop said freeze or I will shoot. Now that the feds have caught him. He's hiding in a jail cell. Rude off the scumbag bomber. Soon you're gone a fry in hell. I don't want to let out the bag. But now that we've been playing that. I've been dropping these last couple of days. You know, Mo is going to stick around because they didn't like paying anybody off to go away. So he's going to like do drop in. Do drop. He's going to do do do do do in his pants and then do a few drop in. Am I right? Absolutely. He does. He does probably the best drop in I've ever heard in my life. Another train monkey. Yeah. In fact, we might just play all of them today. This is better than sex. And my personal favorite. Take off those checkered pants. You're the best. You're the best. Mo. Just very briefly. You know, like a little snippets. In little snippets. Speaking of clearance. Yeah, Clarence like look like he was happy enough to be in his right mind. Yeah. He's a guy. He's a good kid. You know, Clarence is going to get me paid on time on the 25th, which is good. Nice. The last of paycheck came in eight early. Clarence. You're the best like I said. He's a real master. Huh? Get the bonuses within a reasonable. Right. Get my bonus like being like a child of a canics day. He don't monkey around. Because he realized he's like skating on tonight's dinner because he definitely wants I jump back. Uh, here's the. What? That's not that. Oh, he. He's very upset about that. And I don't blame him. Here's the deal. Which of these do you care about most? We asked him. And we have a similar poll today, but a little bit better I think. We had 1464 votes. Which of these do you care about most? Uh, when is most last day on the area? You relentless bastards. Well, cut the old man a break. You know what I mean? 591 people said. That's what they're most concerned about when is most last day on the air? I die die. Middle East peace 356. Doesn't have to stir view. What, first of all, not only is it an oxymoron and not going to happen, but even if it were going to happen, why are they so concerned about? What's it to you? How does that affect the price of peanuts? What does that mean? Right. What does that affect the taste of your home and touch next to her? I don't think it does. Who will be the office starting quarterback this season? 166. That's an important heavy duty crap. I agree with those people. That's something they ought to be worried about. They got something really worthwhile. And they don't seem to care about it. Is that for Real's real voice? 159 again. You forgot to remind me to ask him whether was he crying like that as a baby? When did his voice take a turn for that kind of sound? There he goes. 159 are concerned most about these referrals real voice. 62. The Florida Marlins. 4.2%. They had a little over 11,000 lives that included the 200 plus that for all got in there. So, and then it includes about 7,000 8,000 midfans. There's nobody there. Half of the Marlins are going to win 91 games this year. Oh, and we'll get to that on the next pool. We'll get to that in our survey. Florida Marlins only 62. That's 4.2%. Kids using cell phones and school judges very whipped up about that but most of you are not only 64%. And for that I'll cast your poor Miguel. He's going to be like a kick at his ass. Realizing how far out of it. You're right. He's got two out of three. Yeah. He's got that Marlin finish which he was there last night at the game didn't even get laid. Unlike Binerborg. Where did he go by the way? Binerborg. Who the hell though? Well, he probably went out for another Faggot break. Oh, yeah. What are those? Probably hang it out with Robert. Kids using cell phones at school 60 and Fidel Castro 51. Nobody cares about Fidel. We're proud of our audience. Even maybe dwindling it may be diminishing it may be vanishing. But that's not the important thing. The important thing is our audience has got their priorities. Right. And far more than care about when most last day on Eres coming as opposed to crack. Crack like Fidel Castro. Oh, yeah. But those two guys. In fact, it was in the sunset and the yesterday and it was in a Harold today. That's one of the favorite things that I see when I'm here is that there will be a story in one of the two papers on a Monday. And then the next day, oh, guess what? The other major paper discovered it. Oh. So they must read the competition. What a pity. Oh, I hate some. Makes my goddamn knees knock. It makes me so weak. Good guy all night. Nobody cares about Fidel. Only a bunch of old domino playing a bean sucking losers. Down here and guide them a little Havana. Youngest of whom is about 110. Right. Just sweating their brains out. Or they play in the shade where it's like about 95. That's as Carlos was. They play in the shade in the shade. See. Anyway, so that's yesterday's pool. And I'll be for you about today. Let's take a peek out that hot couples contest is a coming. It's not a contest at this moment. Well, I don't know what you're laughing with your chartland about. It's a runaway. I see if I had the energy, which I don't. I reach back there and get delshin and I play runaway. But I don't. Plus they be seen. What's that? What's that? What's that? Six hundred eighty four boats at our hot couple. Contest. Frank and Liz is six eighty four. Are you believe in that? Don't answer. Well, I mean, yeah. I try to stay on the sidelines at this whole thing. But that seems to be a pretty gigantic lead over like Brian and Natasha and second place with 305. And they seem to have a pretty damn good grip on second anyway. So that in which is good. Because the first prize couple wins a trip or two to the Bahamas or three days and two nights. Or Jamaica to that joint. He doesn't. He doesn't. I'm trying to get that out of my vocabulary. Try not to be a proverb like you in the rail. Polyendirant two oh six. So first or second place or like pretty good. And third place is what is it? Dinner for two of the pizza lock. And you get to hang out with Jeff Cohen and suck his fingernails. Polyendirant two oh six. Mike and Kristen two hundred. And then a shocker only one ninety six for Mary and Shane is she continues exhibiting a gigantic smile right on her breasts. She's a trooper. Have you noticed that her breasts are smiling which I can't see I've seen that very often in my life. I'm smelling back out of I'm sure you are. Ian and Jen have hundred and seventy eight votes. Greg and Stephanie 140. In explicably then in Michelle one thirty eight are lagging far behind and they should be doing a little bit better. Not captain sing in his wife one oh one even though he is lovely. Vicky and Nick ninety one. Dan and Sherry forty six. And way down near the bottom rich in Sheryl thirty five they're kind of like a drooping near the bottom and they. Fotes two and also why don't a bottom poor jodie in Kevin twenty three a little better photography next time would you do you better just as jodie Kevin okay because. Your second win in last place twenty three votes out of twenty three hundred and forty three. See what I'm saying it's fairly simple math. I think about one out of a hundred which is like one percent. Next time you'll do better jodie and Kevin because next time you'll send us a better picture it looks like what do they call that stuff. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. What is it what was the word. C.P. What what he he's he's mulling it for me now. I can't hear you see pia. I just said it. You idiot I know you think it was no where the hell were you. Where were you and that other skews the absence there and anybody you raise your hand and ask to be excuse no. Where to hell were you. His stomach is on this stuff was. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha I can't imagine why can you. I can't begin with imagine why why he fell over the guy named shower almost the broke the guy named bath the blast night three o'clock in the morning trying to go take a leak. Peas all over himself all over his clothes all over the guy named shower bricks the shower curtain bust off the whole corner of the damn thing but he found a penny. And that's about to always work for him in this place. So you see already got a head start in your paycheck what you're bitching about plus clearances back from a hole on the home now your safe. Oh well if you go from a home home and if you go in there and service him before lunch break you might even give you a stop tomorrow. Yeah he said he give you. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I think that was for real. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Close to it. He just on puked in Thursday's doorway. Yeah it's kind of a party week here at QA because we realize we're all alone. We're alone. Yeah. If I pretty soon you'll be alone right now. And I'm pleased to say that. Okay here's today's poll. Let's not stick around here too much. Okay, let's get to it because we got heavy duty. In fact you know what I'm going to do today in tomorrow. I give up. I miss you. Nothing. Revolutionary. Not necessarily. I'm just going to I'm going to smooth whoever calls I'll smooth with the. I got a whole bunch of good stuff here like that stir about the fridge. A water. Well, what's his name? William refrigerator Perry. Remember when he played for the various member that right. Anyway, he's going to be in a hotdog eating contest and Maddog had a great line about him yesterday said that he says dumb as a box of rocks. Which I thought was great. He's been doing all of these not quite sports events like Ryan contests. He was wrestling a grizzly bear the other day. I something like that. The man talk. The refrigerator. The fridge. The 400 pound counter. Run with them. Great athlete. You play on the line and football. Yeah. All those witchy tall linemen. They're beautiful. All their clearance said he'd to take a month. Let me do the break and it will give you the pull for today. Which I think is a pretty good one. Georgia can like it too much because you get chance to rip him in there. But why not that they like that. Enjoy it. A lot. Give a chance to rip clearance too. How do you like that? Have you seen a pull? No. Oh, you'll love it. Let me do the break first because we can kill what. Probably at least a half an hour on a pull. I just want to like today and tomorrow. We're just killing some time. I'm not going to lie to you. I'm not doing a show today or tomorrow. I'm just going on strike. Especially because it's so guy named Hotten. It's oppressive here. It's nasty. When it's not raining, you wish you prayed that it would. You know, because it like cools off a couple degrees. You just pray for like a big massive storm. For a big blow. The Neil deals keep on rolling from Tom Lavin and Joe Prieto at Hallock Pony at the CMC. By the way, before we tell you about Hallock Pony, if you haven't seen the pictures on a website on our new improved website, you must see clearance in the beast in a lip lock. And then, of course, that lovely picture of Mo and Jeldi doing the tango. That's one of my all time favorites. Jeldi by the way, let's hear this morning. I like that. He did. He was like, a little higher pitch than I can make a piece of squeaking. And why he knows that the most trying to like stabmen to back so that he can for well can do the show together and went and doubt squeeze guilty out. Here's Neil deal number one right now at Hallock Pony at Gitchie Self-Zero percent financing for 60 months on every single 2003 Pony Echor GMC in stock. Neil deal number two get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GM and Pony Echor stock. And attention current and former military personnel that we will exempt. Uh, breven Jones on this, get you an additional 750 buck rebate from your friends at Hallock right now. And Neil deal number three, at least a new 2004 grant, pre-GT1, for Zulnus 289 bucks a month. Even Peterbork are almost to for that. It's a 36 month lease. Check with our friends at Hallock for details. And right now at Hallock test drive any vehicle on the lot for 24 hours. That's right. Take it home, take it to work, take it to the Marlon game where we're going to have you like it. And of course, as always, Hallock's got a humongous selection of certified pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs, the likes of what you've never seen. And if you're credit is marginal, if you once the new Jeff de Forest, they won't turn you down. They'll still cut you deal somehow at Hallock Pony Echor GMC. And you'll find them in the same great place. They've been doing minutes for over 35 years. 134.1 South Dixie Highway. That's US one across from the falls. Open every day, seven days a week. By the way, remember the Josec and Succo story ahead on Monday? Yeah. Well, I didn't, I haven't had a great co-text left out of the story. I forgot. Mad dog met she yesterday. He's under house arrest for two years. Right? It got mentioned. Did it get mentioned in the story? I forgot mentioned that thought we had double under. I thought you had made a mistake. For more information on those Neil deals called the Neil Leal Hotline and Hallot Tool free at one late 5344-4211. That's one Triple 8-5344-4214. Neil deals sub to the credit. Approval CR friends at Hallock Pony Echor GMC for details where they be. Professional Grey. This is portraying your face if you want to do it. You way, yeah. Purs. Purs. That's a little bit. Some of movies so much to see. Some movies we never agree. He likes guy films where things blow up. She likes girl films. They make me throw up. Some of the fix members are chased and cause all the arguments. Well, well, well, well up. What's the difference? What's the difference? What a hell of a good crime. How about this? How about this? Wanna see me to die? Come on. Come on. Come on. Wanna go to Terminator 3. Come on, people. You can go but you won't take me. How about something with Reef with a boom? Not unless she shows us her mood. Summer bites when you get into fights. Summer one. Film the scene tonight. Well, well, well, well up. Let's see this. Let's see this. Kelsey, I'm so confused. How about this? How about this? Pussy and jokes about blue. This is great. Oh, that's right. That's not done yet. I'm sorry. This is great though. Faith. We each is argued. You know how it ends. I saw my movie with all my girlfriends. Then the next day still couldn't agree. And so we said, let's just watch TV. Summer's come when I'll set in time. Our movie is our real time. We're real, we're real. What's this? Dead baby? 1035 and 560. We got some class. We're so excited to see. He's actually got to see this physically. It just came into my list overhead. By the way, screwed up again real bad. But don't mess with it. Of course. You idiot. Stay out of here while I'm on the air. I'll breathe on you. I'll take a dump. You got to him face. I will. I'll just go right up to him and like turn it loose. What do you want to say about it after all that bacon you don't think you're like a little spare in there? So here is from an ant guy. What's his guy's name? Jerry Goodman. From A safe pest. The limitator's ink. Manufacturers of Uncle Albert Super smart product. Didn't the abital do a song about that lately? Yeah, last week. 1113. Oh, here it is. Wait until you see where you apply it since you're such a cheap prick that a Greg is a cheap print Morgan exterminator in here. Here you go. Want to present it right to personal. In fact, if you'll bend over, I'll give you the first exterminating shot. That's just like, look at that loobb thing. What do you call that? I loobb tube. See, old loob tube. Look at his face light up. Look at that. He said, boy, you wish you would have had that with him in Omaha. Yeah, he said he thought the hurricanes took it up the ass. But anyway, see now I'm using for else material. I'm sorry. Don't let him say that when he's doing the Panther game next season. Okay, don't let him say the Panthers are taking it up the ass because that's what got him in big trouble in Atlanta. And anyway, so there you go. Because I think it's criminal seriously. I think it is so. It's bad enough. This non smoking thing. Oh, you can't smoke in a building and it's going to get our insurance right. See, then, we need to give a crap if we burn his damn building down because it's a toilet. Anyway, even a guy named Roaches have gotten out of here. But the fact of the matter is, there's so guy named cheap that they're worried about cutting and insurance right back a little bit. So that's why they come up with this. Oh, well, you know, everybody now is doing non smoking buildings. And so if you want to put fun on a nice stogi or if they're lucky smoking and I still fat number in the other room, or maybe Carlos wants to put on one of the camels because wine, Stein tastes good like an old Jewish cigarette should. And he's puffin away and smoke in a coffin and gagging and choking up a storm. You'll never make it to 30. I'll tell you that right now, which is not that far off. Never make it. Mellamoma, lung cancer, syphilis, diabetes, syphilis, diabetes, diabetes, carcinogens and had bacon will give you a tumor to size a goddamn Montana. But other than that, he's doing pretty good. He's having a problem. It's called life. So thank you very much, Yuri. Good man. He said us a whole lot. He's in fact, oh, of course, my father's going to go with the injector. That's what you inject. What is this? The whole of the parents' cheeks open because that's what they look like. You suck the goo out of the bottle. Is that what it is? So he's going to have him a phenomenal as how he ran out here with that stuff. And then there's chambers come back clear. It's this. I do it with a door lock now. Oh my god. Back to more clearance. You need the little boxes. Parents don't take it so hard. Please sweetheart. He'll take it anyway. We got the new pull is up. I haven't even given it out yet. Thanks again, Yuri. Good man. This is a good Jewish boy. Oh, who's trying to help us with our problem here so that Farel don't have to like give me some kind of a lemon. I still think that's so freaking embarrassing. I mean next to Greg, there is nobody is building more obsessed with Farel than the clearance. I mean, obsessed. He's got a blow up doll already in there. He said the one thing he missed the most being Omaha was not being able to be in there and bond with Farel. And a suck up to him, although I know the beast made up for last time. Kind of filled the breach. So to speak. So you think that he want to be nice to the guy, wouldn't you? I think. You think he'd want to make a good impression. Hey, look at me on the 15 year old program director. Look at me. I'm going to treat you nice. And instead. No eating in that studio. No more food on this table out here. See the reason you don't want food on the table out there is too close to his room. Is that it? That must be it because he was just punishment for making a big stinker. Because he doesn't eat anyway, which makes me very suspicious. You know what I mean about clearance? He must be doing something. Don't say that. See, the kind of person that you wouldn't expect. Everybody's got something. Yeah, but the Farel blow up darling. Gonna keep him happy all the time. They're always telltale sites. Yeah. Like remember our old friend Harry. I don't know the one you're talking about, but I'm trying to divert your real fast to make that. There are mannerisms. You mean like Harry. Yeah. A little bit hyper, a little bit spastic. I know something like that. Twitchy. I wasn't thinking even about you. I was thinking about somebody else. So anyway, I'm really to food in there. Be nice to the guy and quit making him come in here like shovel that food. That's not good for him. I mean he thinks it's funny. I guess, but it's funny to watch. He's speed eating. He is speed eating man. He is just making himself sick. Because he's got to eat real fast and shovel and you'll notice he doesn't leave anything. Whatever how he sends over he eats every drop. But if folks at how he's taking very much and number two don't worry nothing's getting thrown out. Very morsel. Let's in there. It gets into his post sooner or later. But just man. I've never seen anybody eat so much so fast. So like I said, you know, he ain't doing that because he's got to healthy appetite. Right? It's just, well, not you because you're skinny anyway, beiner. But what I would give for his metabolism. Oh. See those of us who really appreciate and love food who just have sex with food. Our metabolism is like, you know, like barely moving. Just barely even showing on a liquor scale. Right. And so air all we have to do is look at food. And there's another ounce and another half an ounce. Yeah. Here's a guy that I don't think he enjoys it that much because he doesn't put it in his mouth long enough to taste it. And the food either. Right? He's just scarf. He just sucking at that. Just like my golden retriever used to do the same thing. I don't think he ever tasted any bit of food in his life because it was all you know. And it just went down like, you know, in a mass never tasted it. Who just filling like a hole. You know what I'm saying, Clarence? So here's the apple. I guess we'll do it after the break. No, it's a good pull. It's already got a bunch of votes on there. And I can see that Bush is going to do well today again. Good. We don't want to stop picking on Bush. No. We don't want to stop picking on the Bush monster because he is dangerous. And now you'll notice now they're rattling their spirit a little bit about Iron again. Did you see that in the new one? Yeah. Oh, yeah. Things are looking a little bit on the lane side. And that would sure be a good diversion from those weapons of mass deception. So, yeah, let's start to rattling our spirit about Iron because they're, you know, all those democracy seekers over there, all of our good friends, who probably were pretty pissed off at us when we stuck the shot in there. Don't like us all that much. Now they're rattling this spirit. So what we want to do is go into an indomely helping hand and prevent the ayatola from building those nuclear weapons. These probably hiding under his robes. That's where the Pope is hiding them. 1042 at 560 WQAM. Let me tell you about a great place. In fact, Gellys going to use these people. I'm delighted to tell you, Laminates are us. You know, Laminated wood flooring from Laminates are us as the smart, the easy low maintenance inexpensive alternative to very overpriced natural wood flooring. Laminates are us as the best place to find Laminated wood flooring from parodore pergo. Wilson art, Unifluoring Quickstep. They've got all the top names all installed by pergo certified installers. And here's another good reason why you call Laminates are us. Their presses are so good. Absolutely floor you. You'll be right on your ass just like Binerbord last night. Right now you can get there some special for just 1995 bucks that is absolutely correct. Just 1995 or up to 388 square feet of beautiful Laminate wood flooring. It is positively unbelievable and unbeatable too. And Laminates are us will match any legitimate written offer speaking that. If you want to weigh free and homestead with no obligation, call Laminates are us toll free. Here's their number 1-877-777-3737. Couldnt be easier for all among the in a world. Think of your free carpet disposal free furniture moving at 25 year warranty. And years and years of beautiful easy care, Laminate wood flooring. Call Laminates are us today just like guilty. Call them toll free at 1-877-777-373336. Laminate wood flooring. We're sports radio 560s. You a yeah. It's like room to the forest. Our metronome sitting high from a smile of my part. said bugs are eating my brain and that's my display my eye. Knowing it's safe. Something's buggy man, something ain't right. It's must've been the funny night, eight last night. And like him seeing in my head. And free clothes to see in your gift. Pick me up. I gotta go go. This is a free please can't do it. So low. Pick me up. I gotta go go. I don't want this melted for my eyes. Pick me up. I got it. Go go. Be one of my favorite turn to color of buckle. Pick me up. I gotta go. I gotta tell kiss. We're not. I know that you're good. I'm gonna die you. To help with my pride. Pick me up. Listen me away. In your big strong arms like I'm God's Day. My heart is fading away. And that's money. These per minute I could go any day. That's not my jab to you. I'm late here in the pool of my jewel. I turned with my senior's way. I can't get tired. If we have, I'm gonna go go from a sleeping half-night flow home. Pick me up. I gotta go go. What's more? My father turns with color of buckle. Pick me up. I gotta go go. This is pretty hard to do. That'd be funny. 1047 at 560 WCM. The Mad Dog 2-4. We got the Humper in the studio 4-630. Another one of them tough shows. Two and a half hours. Nice going hang. And then 630 got Marlins on deck. 705. They met and amarlins again at PP Park right on the street. What do you think we get about tonight? About 30. And because we're all ain't gonna be there tonight. We're not gonna have all that other. You're gonna be there? Would you get more free tickets? Yeah. Be there boys gonna be there. I got more free tickets. He's thinking maybe he'll get late again there tonight. You're gonna be in the pool in the... Oh. Great. The Florida Marlins and House of Prostitution. That's what we want. Oh, I'm telling ya. See they think that I'm a bad guy that I'm peeing on their parade. I'm hoping that they do something. Like go away. They keep doing things like that. Like pool parties. They keep having pool parties and guys keep getting late there. And they have a place where degenerates like with a guy with a eyes. The guy with a fanny pack. And the Reverend Jones to go and hang out and schmooze with Ferrell and Benerboy. And maybe somebody rubs up against somebody and like real squirt squirt. Just accidentally. They could just fire the team. Save the money. Oh, they're gonna have that on their elected legitimize. To pretend that it's legitimate. Because otherwise if they sit in a place of ill-reput then right away they'll close it down. And hire some people off the street to play baseball. They'll do it for cheap or free. That's a thought. That's what Wayne had in mind or better. So here's the appul for today. Before we start our schmooze fest. Now you can see on a phone we're doing screenless this week and you can see that they're ready really do in. Outpouring rock and roll. Serap. Make no mistake. Which of these statements is the most ridiculous we asked today? Let's see. We got 367 that I thought were pretty interesting. George W. Bush is a great leader. That's in the lead by the way already. 58 votes. Nice going. W. Uh. Well, I should have read them the way I have my Nepal or the way they are. And I guess the way they are on the other thing. Because we got 123 votes already. Have it even read the poll. Which of these statements is the most ridiculous. George W. Bush is a great leader. 58. More Howard David. It does a great show. 21. George is a great villain for Neil 16. Pieces coming in the middle east. 15. Forrel has a pleasant voice. 5. And tied for last place is one of the ones that I voted for. Time for last. The Marlins of when 91 games has got four votes. But I voted for. Clarence our program director will get laid this year. Only four votes. One of those being mine. What are you smoking about? You just we don't know what's going on there. Really. Let me say it again. Oh, I know what's going on. It's called masturbation. Lots of it. Uh, which of these statements is the most ridiculous. See you're not listening to the question again again. Like you're not. Which is the most ridiculous. Clarence will get laid this year. Absolutely hysterical. It's a panic. It's a hoot. In addition to which the beast to be jealous anyway. Now look at look at the smiles in their faces. They look so content man. They look like. Uh, Elsie de Borden Cal, they look so content. Just haven't been firstly milked. Isn't. Isn't that what they both look like? Oh, yeah. The beast and of course the Mo and Gully pictures. It really amusing because probably the two of them at this point are more at odds. And ever before because it's just you know just a matter of time before before the other Shoot drops in that deal. But look at look at the beast with a big broad smile on his push and those big broad shoulders and that manly body. He says that's the body. He has under the fan. Clarence with a I have never seen he smiling ear to ear and a real lady is your feminist body. There too. So I have to take back what I said last week about who the top was in that pairing. I have to take that back because after looking at clearance in that picture, I think there could only be one reason to be to smile on like that anyway. Maybe they switched. Maybe they switched. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Maybe we could invite all the chronics to call into the end tomorrow and then you do the show. Don't forget look for the QM fan known to one day at Palm Mero Kawasaki located at 6,400 West 20th Avenue, Highlya. The lovely, the hung Miguel will be there. Stop by the win free tickets tonight's Marlins Vets game courtesy of the real the Yellow Pages from Bill South tickets tonight's Marlins Vets game. We can't be giving away any takers out there. Venerable took a pair. He's got a pair. So for else they had a couple hundred people there last night now. Other people have given me varying reports even the bees to success as asso hard. It's like almost illegal in day county. He said about 80 or 90. And the Hacidam that they called in a mode this morning. They said like 80. But moving that whole humor for elder but couple hundred people there last night. And 50 people in the pool area all just hoppin on top of each other. Just grabbing it. That's see that was his definition of getting laid last night. Peanut boy. That was his definition. Somebody grabbed something in the pool. Why not? Yeah. They thought somebody dropped their baby Ruth in the pool. I think it's what it was. But anyway. I don't know. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. 5 cookies. I don't need 5, 6, 7, 0, 0, 5, 8 cookies. And they probably think they were making the story up about him like going to take a lead Katrina morning and being so drunk on his ass that he fell back to the guy in My bathtub and Pete all over himself and all over the guy in Walond. Everything in sight. That's our beiner boy man. That's the one. He's the best. His life challenged. That would a QAM. Yeah. Yes sir. Um, when does George odds do this start doing the shows? When does George, while we like that about 11 o'clock? He's one of the best. Is he? I love him, eh? Talks about the swing closet he's been in, uh, Clave it magazine, uh, with Lisa's lips. He's recreated. Okay, by 11 30. Thank you. Okay, you're welcome. 11 30, George. It's one of your people. Yeah. He's another one. Send like Clarence's twin brother. It was a crank. Can't get laid. Five six seven, five sixty, pound five sixty. In fact, you'll notice that the people that show up in these events are the people who cannot get laid. Like the guy with a fanny pack in a guy with a eyes. Right. If you could get laid, you'd be doing that instead of being at the Amarna game. She moves in around with a bunch of, you know, wackos. 77 votes for George W. Bush. That's a shocker. I think it's unpatriotic. WQAM? No, we see Norm Kants at the business section today. Norm Kants at the hand for what? This is Morland Marlins to commit ads in South Florida, gay with you. That's, that's, he facts me that week to go. That's an old string. And out of here, you loser. See, I told him this is going to be a sign to the end of our situation. I was supposed to. I am going to enjoy it tremendously. And don't mention Norm Kants on this show ever again. Okay, cause me yesterday. Oh, I got a great idea. Good new Rogers, Bobble had dollars for my charity. He's got an idea for how I can help him raise money for his charity. We got our own charity, abandoned pet rescue, which I just wrote out a big fat check to get the ball rolling on that. And we're going to have the best of CDs and a whole bunch of those more Howard David and key chain. That'd be funny. Yeah, those are coming out. Right? Yeah. And I guarantee you, as big of a head as the maddog ones were these are going to be, make those parallel to one significance. Absolutely. See, you just marked my word. I know, I have to lay some of that. No, that's there. Or we can get that out. Yeah. Well, please. That's got to be on the key chain. If you have your maddog and know Howard key chains, you can have them talk to each other and answer each other. Uh-huh. I'll work on that. 560, 50560, 5060 on the AT&T and Verizon Line WQAM. Any other? Yes sir. I got a good idea. Moe can leave and bring that Joey Reynolds and Goldie. How's that thought? We got a phone and brought in give you a serial case for some real ass assistance for some very serious help. You see what I've always said? All the little talented people out there just waiting for their opportunity to shine for their moment in the spotlight. 567. We just have an Ashmoist face here. That's all we're doing. Do these people know how to do it? No. See, I'm trying to resurrect what used to be a lot of fun doing a talk show in his town. Used to be great. Yeah. And I've gone all the way from there being a little way too serious. Wow. We must bedtime stories that only George enjoyed way too much. And we get out of here such a suck hole. If I would have said him been looking at a foot, Joel, or some along you would have said it was great. I do like foot. Foot is good. Hot. Size. Hot foot Sunday. Yeah. On fish food. With mercy no cherries. And real whipped cream. 567.0560. Pound 560. So we tried all of that. But just to try just a little taste. Speaking of that. Just a taste to resurrect the good old days. Good luck. It'll be great. You'll see. All right. I mean, if not, I got a whole cramplot of stuff. Good stuff. Great. Will we see Gore TV? Will we see that? No. Oh, that's the new rumor. Oh, yeah. We're going to have a little, either Gore TV or radio. The liberal network. Oh, no, you need to be on that. No, no. We'll need to enter the goddess. Wow. WQAM. Shmoosline. Yes, sir. Yes, it is. Hi. I'm on a guest of boat for the survey. And also trying to get some tickets from my son and I for the weekend. Some tickets from home from the aloe. So, Neil Lewis. How about radio? Neil Lewis. I thought he was going to be great. This is the best hour I've had in years. He hasn't got any idea what my name is. He hasn't got a clue what God damn plan that he's on. But he wants some free goddamn tickets. Welcome back to soft floor, Neil. Yeah. God is this a great place or what, huh? What? The next person who mentions free ticket for the Marlins games. I'm going to tell you right now, I'm going to do something nasty. I'm going to fix him up with clearance. How does turrets do it on the pool, by the way? Don't tell me he's in the behind. He's in last place, only six votes. I want those as mine. See, they just don't know. Get those Marlins tickets out of my face, you idiot. See, you know something about him. He's one of those people doing a fine job, getting a lot of compliments, getting a little extra Schmierd on to the table. But he doesn't know when to stop pushing it. You've met and people like him. Just pushing it a little further every day. Yesterday he was throwing his yo-yo in the dust face. You were out taking a crap for one of your four crabs. He was like throwing his, he was sling in it right in the dust face. All day long. And, def almost took a hold of it. Ten. Ten 58. And pulled it, which would have been a sad moment for you, believe you me. Because once he gets a hold of your yo-yo man, that's the end of that. You know, hurricane season is here. Oh my god, is it ever? May and June and July, it goes on. Before a storm hits you put up shutters to protect the windows and doors of your home. But what about the roof of your house? The so-may paint factory makes roof nasty. A roof coating that can help you hurricane proof your roof. So-may's roof nasty can save hundreds of roofs during hurricane Andrew. While on protected roofs were peeling off and flying away. So-may's also got waterproof coatings for every kind of roof. Called a so-may paint factory at 305. 633. 633. The so-may paint factory is the oldest quality paint waterproof coating manufacturing the entire state. So-may will save you a lot of cash because they eliminate the middle man markups. They sell to everybody at wholesale prices that are 60% lower than what you pay for national brands at retail stores. So protect your home and property from southward as tough tropical climate. And especially with hurricane season here right now, get the best paints and water from coatings at the best prices. Called the so-may paint factory that's SO-M-A-Y. So-may paint factory at 305. 633. 633. Or find them on the web at so-may.com. You save money when you buy direct from these so-may paint factory. And be sure to tell them that Neo4D to call 305. 633. 633. It's my life and love. This is 423. 633. It's my life and love. It's my life and love. Get in and hold it. Got you, come. Say the yellow cheese. I'll make it look a bit of love. Eat my face, eat my face. Hey, hey, I got all the bucks. And I'm not found around. And I love the chocolate. And I love the chocolate. And I love the chocolate. And I love the chocolate. And I love the chocolate. I love eating my face. This is 333. Play a monkey record on day. Share my toes and my fingers. And wonder why they fill this way. Like J-Friend on. I'm a chimpanzee. I'm out as mighty as joy on. But maybe lands like me. Hey, hey, I got all the bucks. I'm all Harry and Brown. I got some irretation. So I'll pull the my diaper down. And he does and he'll friend me. They've been ever found. With all the one we've been having. Throw an eye and do you know where else. 113 at 560 WKM happy Thursday too. We're having a big party over here in the beast standing in there, because he can't eat outside. side because his good bunk buddy clearance will let him do it. Now why have you got why do you have that facial mask of having an attack a little bit. Oh poor baby he's got a little bit of a problem. It's pants of course the beast he's standing there keeps eating shutler my one mic and there is if you took a dump on the chair right there he wouldn't stop him from eating. Nobody can maintain that girth by being you know a little squeamish and not only is he standing there with his 400 pounds up against the wall he's a suck on oatmeal. Oh my god there are a few things so the beast I mean what the same difference little beast beiner boy he brings me back a fistful here. A fistful of Marlon tickets from last you know what we gotta do let's give these away. Hey anybody wants to Marlon tickets from last night's game I think they might lose 10 to 5 but never let's it'll be a great time at the pool. Huh? And for now will be there last night it's going to be great if you missed it now you don't have to all of Marlon executives are gonna be there second up to Scott gonna be great. If you missed it here's some tickets so you don't have to miss out. Malcolm McDowell will be all here we'll put you in the time tunnel with him in James during in pad boon right. I got some DVDs last night but I'm not gonna watch him yet. I got a snatch. Yeah how do you like that it's about time clearance. Yeah I got snatch last night. 232 votes on the pool GW bushes a great leader 108. George is a great fill in for Neal 36. Pieces coming in the Middle East 36 you're tied with your 30 I'm sorry about 30. Mohour David is a great show 29. The Marlon's are gonna win 91 games at least according to many of our callers earlier before the season started 12. Farrell has a pleasant voice 10 and Clarence again take it out of last place Clarence Our program director will get laid this year 9 people say that's the most ridiculous statement of them all including me. Maybe to put by a girl that results would be hard. No I wasn't saying I wasn't thinking that. Oh I was thinking about anything alive anything breathing or warm maybe not breathing but warm recently alive. So this was from Treasure Island last night huh? This fish is this this this this this for the Marlon tickets that you guys couldn't give away. Oh no. He's a good pay Scott I know you're on your way up to bulk and a plane golf on your old man. But let me just say this to you okay seriously. And I don't know what I'm saying because he already knows it he admitted to me he knew before we started what a focus placed this was he's just having a good he's fun in you that's all. He's fun in the place he's gonna relax around a side. It was really interesting last night speaking of that a lot of people you were there to charge Riley. Oh I've made it to Marlon game a lot of people showed up to get the poison tickets that we said we were gonna. Right we did right and we asked them what do you want poison or Marlon's tickets? And they didn't even think you were talking about the concert they think they were like the reaction it's like wait we're not joking we're serious. You want concert tickets or Marlon tickets? Oh my god let me think about that for a couple of seconds okay. Let me call my attorney and see what he says. Let me talk to Jonathan Edwards over there and see how Chris see what the dead people say about it. One two three four five six there's about a dozen tickets rely more than that about fifteen. In fact they're like all stuck together here because it's from Treasure Island. But third man might be that many and couldn't give them away couldn't give them away. Isn't in other words they didn't have to go. These are people would just take it and it's oh yeah well thank you very much and maybe thought about going like on a way up the Hershey highway in a way up the turn by maybe. I don't think so they're always behind fifteen enough and you know. But they wouldn't even touch them with their hands that's how despicable this concept to go to a marring game was to these people. So let me say again to you silly people do people refuse to take a no for an answer like Norma can't speak in him. Nobody cares look at that see he's not a bit in your right it's it's a big yon. Make a homestayk about it a big fat yon. There's surgery for that that by when there was the beast they'd be one QA and there was the first time on a year that's what did him clearance so much plus his shape Lee asked. 560 pound five sixty on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless line we're having a Neil Rogers Shmoosa thundered a tomorrow. WQAN That can be all the lower okay. Hey it's good to have you back in South Florida man and first things you and for all the crossover is fantastic. Yeah that's fully hilarious. He's a trip and the beast is stuck in his first show. I heard you. I mean I'd like to just tell you something I told the beast is stop going like every time he opens up playboy he's got some pictures of some hot naked babes in here you know stuff sucking at much so this morning for Rellis talking about some marlin executive or some guy that he met last night they want to confuse with the fact on Will and Grace and he said oh this guy's a real good guy and then beast goes oh well we're aiming to beast has got the hot for the guy I don't know but I mean that's just it wasn't the appropriate sound to make it that point beast sounds like they should put them in the magazine. Yeah exactly. But I heard you mentioned Netflix the other day I was right who vouch for it it's fan's hat. Who's that fan line, Robert? Thanks yeah. The Netflix is fantastic if you want if you're into the movie things like you guys have been you gotta get a hold of it it's great. You didn't mention mission movies did you? Oh sorry see if I live a late on that. See yeah. We're not talking movies this week okay or our next week or for the next several shows who is that? It's Bob Lincoln. Hey didn't anybody tell you that Bob Mackins died? Yes. Oh. Uh, but what can you possibly do? One. One to give you a good news. Yeah. Viva Las Vegas I moved here. I'm sitting here as we speak. Oh you you moved to Vegas? Yes sir. That talk to Bob Mackins. Uh, had that nasty fall on. Fortunately, uh, never recovered and died and Bob Lincoln being the wise guy that he is. So to speak. Uh, he figured he better get out of here while again was going to move to Vegas. Oh. And on that plane he was singing Viva Las Vegas. Oh sorry I missed that. Well I'll tell you what a difference. Yeah. What a difference. I know. I should have done this a long. Just like maybe an interrometer you know what a difference with. Plus it wonderful people living and breathing people under the age of 100 with a small and their face and a hand in your pocket. My daughter's boyfriend got he jumped out of the skinny was in the Albertians and one of the employees he came up and said can I help you with something sir? Yeah. Yeah. Shocking. Oh totally. And service here God forbid. George said he would jump out of his foreskin if that ever happened here. Yeah. I tell you I should have not. I'm trying to spice the call up a little bit Bob. So what are you doing out there? You're just doing another trouble. I'm doing another thing. I'm doing a black and an acorn's land base. I'm going to do it once a month here in Las Vegas. So I have everything prepared for you when you come out. There's a lot of new stuff out. Well what do you mean prepare for me when I come out for Vegas? Oh man. You haven't lost that sense of humor Bob. No I haven't. No there's some new one to help me out. Yeah. It's a bunch of good stuff out here. Great. Well listen have a great life out there and keep in touch. I will. And I'll say how to talk to Bob. I will. He's going to be on Jonathan Edwards three o'clock this afternoon. Thanks Bob. Okay Bob Lincoln. There's a guy boys that bring back some memories or what? Viva Las Vegas. Oh there's the plane. It's over there on the other side of the tarmac. You can't. Oh. We want to apologize again to anybody in Saudi and Suez on our Vegas trips those three years. Especially those two would Bob. He was email well and he was real tight with fat rich. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. See I want to see some response here today. This has been very lame. I realize there's nobody in town. I come back for a few days. I like to feel like somebody cares about it. You know, like somebody feels something besides in the building. Oh, Jean, you'll have to come back more often. Man, they're all sucking me so hard out there in a hallway. It's like I'm drained. Mades you can make it to the studio. Exactly. God. Oh, you have to go back more often. No, I don't think so. This is more than enough. Believe me. More than enough. And then I got that long. Winder to look forward to. Oh, I don't know. I'm going to do that. I wasn't joking about that yesterday because I'm certainly not going to freeze my ass in Toronto all winter long, but how where would be a good alternative? Where the weather is like mild, you know? Stewart for the winter? Like the middle of November to like the first of March. Texas. Oh, Albuquerque. How about Louisiana? You know, it gets pretty damn cold. Those aren't warm places either. No, you've got to hang down to get into the war. Right. Like maybe not San Diego, but like what's Santa Barbara? Right. Hot California. Wow, sounds really good. It hang with some beans. He orana. I don't want it. I could be on extra XTR and Tijuana. That would be good. Then I could say F and S8 and all other stuff on here. I'm going to station now on this one. Problem at a Saturday at 5. 60 W to Q. I'm going to tell you about a spectacular place. In fact, two fine restaurants in town. Jeff Cohen owns in both the world famous pizza lots in Davy and in Plantation. The original Broward location is on University Drive and Davy between Griffin, Roden, 95 right beyond Pyrhwin imports and the Broward location is on Navhill and Sunrise right behind their Walgreens. And that little strip shopping center can't see it from the street but the good news is both pizza loft locations are for your fresh delicious Italian goodies. Very modest prices and great friendly service to camping with a stick. They get all your Italian favorites if it kind of pasta dish under the sun and chicken and veal seafood. Three different kinds of fabulous pizza, calzone, super subs and garlic rolls that got to be the best in the universe. To bring a whole family of the pizza loft like I said the prices right so you don't have to put a big bite into your pocketbook. Eat it there, have it delivered or stop by take it home. For our catering as little as 5 bucks per person and Davy call 9 5 4 9 1 6 8 8 8 9 5 4 9 1 6 8 8 8 8 8. For take out catering delivery and plantation call 3 8 2 99 that's 9 5 4 3 8 2 99 and just don't keep skittin' better and bigger at the world famous pizza lot. that night. And look home. So you're back. Younger boss. I'm gonna swallow no Mac on me Don't take the break Take it off my plate Don't get me to be boys and ask in peace I wanna catch no Mac on the seas And waste away Don't get me to be boys and be again Now I have to get by on sight It's so now I will waste away Take my burger away Don't get me to be boys and be again Now I have to get by on sight And waste away Don't get me to be boys and be again I guess I have to give a favor to always be away Don't get me to be boys and ask in peace Don't get me to be boys and be again 11 17 at 5.60 Man there is a response here It's like doing a show in a funeral for a wrenet You are Anybody want these Marlon tickets from last night Marlon's in a message It says right there on a ticket Pro player stadium 705 p.m. Marlon's met tickets We got a fistful of them right now We'll throw in some magical parking passes 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T and for Ryan's and wildest You can take Ricky Tickie's park and spot right out there in front of magic I'm doing screenless We're giving away last night's Marlon tickets And there's one call on the board WQAM And it's the operator Wow So here's a fact Oh well I got two faxes to catch up on Meet him real slow Neil See in past years it seems to me that like toward about the 20th of June like just about now Is when I started my thing and this year for some reason I looked in the I should have just told him I'll start When I feel like it Right the two of the inters did deal So anybody that knocks George for struggling through the summer months Boy I don't know how he does it I would just don't know how you do it Draw lots of dread I mean you're talking to yourself What other especially when you're on WQAM Neil He has Because of your show And all the drops that you play in the recommendation Yes 34 years old in my wife and I sat down last night And watched the bad father for the first time You watched the godfather for the first time For the first time Yeah And you know what it brings a little bit of nice sight Really suit And because of all the drops that you play And I'm so used to hearing them I thought I was psyched because I knew all the lines before they even set them up with me I think That's what you bring is on Anyway So how did you enjoy how did it change your life I thought I don't know if it changed my life I thought I was a really good movie I bet you this one This time change your life I don't get how many Take off any what Free Spawn Go and buy some other one Take him to do it I've laughed for five minutes Yeah that was good Jack Waltz Hey Neil Yes sir I'm not sure if I could take over the program director down there But I got a great way to increase numbers And that five to eight shifts Go right ahead You just change the name to free tickets today We'll be right back with more free tickets today Coming up after the break free tickets today You know what I'm saying? I think it would work I think you got your finger on it See you guys Thanks, Palli Here's the guy saw the godfather Last night thanks to me It only took me what about 100 years of encouragement They finally got around with Here's a auspicious facts Wait till you're this It's got to be a comedy facts I hope so Although it is on sign Neil Hello, do you think you can invite Remedy or program today or tomorrow As the draft is coming up I'd like to know his opinion I wouldn't Also did you hear Feral this morning when he said It's found Bray might be coming back Yeah that's what it said Big article in both sports sections and newspapers What a joke that would be And you are absolutely correct I'm sure Remedy would love to come on your program Talk coffee I'm sure he would But I ain't going to happen Oh It's about as much chances That happening is my buying him any more meals Here's another facts that says Out of the contest The hottest baby's Liz gets two huge ones up But Frank looks like an escape prisoner from Little Havana I noticed how George and GW are neck and neck and neck and today's poll No they're not And I was wondering if we could put a picture of George and your sight dancing Shoulder to shoulder with W He don't want to be a scene with him And by the way, one is George coming on I think a little ass and babe talk Is a need over here Says a facts room candle See this is the problem now You got it with Howard sperm You got your babe and ass talk with Feral You got it up to your earlobes, babe and ass talk So we're going to try to give you like as we always do something different What I'm here Like penis talk So anything different No seriously I mean it's just door talk Right anything else Just to try to come me down a little bit And then of course when the mad dog comes on then Well Oh right Doing what that's all about that man Seriously, he like he made me change my underwear twice yesterday When it was in here Swirled me twice He is so ecstatic about to be it on doing two to four And also my given a mad advice See that's a guy in a mad dog who's not a bull crap part Is till thank me for what I want to he's honest enough to admit that I'm the one to change his life He said you taught me man He said you taught me less work and more money Which is why he's not like once a week Oh, that's two hours it gets a fortune Nice go on mad dog And of course Hank now it is a 15 minute show He's there to do the same thing That was getting paid Zillions for working about 20 minutes a week That's the way we like it here at QAIN That's why we're even nice to the underlings like our program director Clarence How much do you think he's pulling down? So to speak Figures Plus And he can't get laid He's making six figures and he can't get laid What is that? He's making three figures You're making out and and Beter boys make in three figures with a decimal in between a second and third ones and he can't get laid And it looks like crap to top it all up So it's gotten nothing to do with appearance Because believe me if I had to put Clarence and Beter boys side by side I would know which one to start crying about Which in these statements is the most ridiculous And of course both of them would say well look at yourself Pally hey you'd be amazed He'd be shocked Which in these statements is the most ridiculous George W. Bush is a great leader 134 George is a great villain for Neil 60 Although we do love his ass is eating ass and sucking armpit To a show's pieces coming in the middle east 41 Mohour David it does a great show of 33 The Marlins will win 91 games 19 And now we've got a tie for last place Clarence is starting a little bit of respect for the audience See the problem of Clarence is they don't know They don't know how much about him just what we say on the air Well they could see his picture though They could see his picture with a beast on the arrages.com If you want to understand what the problem is there just take a look at that Girlie body Thrill has a pleasant voice Eleven votes for that and Clarence our program director will get laid this year 11 of us including me So that's the most ridiculous thing I've heard not only this year But in a coup nzege in a very very long time Don't forget check out the QA event No one to one today the lovely Miguel is going to be there We'll talk you about Castro for hours and hours They'll stay late At Palmetto Kawasaki located in 641 west 27 in Hylia Stop by the wind free three tickets Free tickets to the night's Marlins Medskay in courtesy of the real yellow pages from Belle South where they haven't caught on yet WQAM I don't know where to go WQAM Hello, yes sir I'm calling for Neil Speaking Hey Is this Neil? Yes it is Oh, you know I wanted to tell you that I saw something this morning you might get in it I kick out a homeless guy That is collecting money on the street corner of 7th and Flagler Speaking of cell phone That's short Yeah, that's probably Sean Krono and he's making contact with all of his flunkies He's he's good. No he's coordinating activities No, it's just amazing I couldn't do it. Where's a homeless person? Get us all phone How's that happened? Sean probably lives in a $300,000 house Like I said probably was in a $500,000 house You could be I'll hold on to the ticket to your house Oh man, this town Oh Neil, you're not here to feel the pulse of the community I feel the pulse believed me Every time I pop a roi That's saying oh the pulse of the community is getting back in me 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T So anyway speaking of the homeless voice George tells me Was it last week's story? Somewhere About last couple of weeks That they're now sexual predators People are on the list on the list of known sexual predators Are being sheltered and used by the homeless voice people The Guest and on street corners And a shmory around they give them a home They suckle them on your hood Right They're being encouraged They're being kept in the community by homeless voice One more reason to say no just say Oh, to homeless voice Get away from my car Mother's scratch I read light Isn't that the thing we say get away from my car Mother's scratch your every time we see somebody from homeless voice Get your ass away from my car mother's scratch I know he a system that does that God Sexual predators That's lovely And other degenerates A various shapes and sizes And they in militant That's the way everybody gets me there militant Like if you don't immediately fork over some cash Right away they start badmouthing you Oh you driving a Corvette that cheap prick Yeah, okay, load out your ass Get him off the street corner We got a whole festival of tickets for last night's game We can tend it's going to be a barn burner Met's 10 Marlins 5 At least you won't have to worry about your blood pressure going up There won't be any suspense You're not exactly what the final score is going to be You'll even know what innings the runs are going to be screwed So you can actually pay attention to those innings And on the rest of the time you can be like you know taking a good nap Check it out the pool to see if the neighbor voice getting laid again in his mind So who was this lovely lady that you're a love wow Sam getting a little presumptuous little head of my song No, what the lady but How about your porn? What the lady I don't know if I can mention your name over the year Oh, we don't I don't want her name but I mean I'm looking for like how old was she? I can get a job all of my hair It would Shoot Remind me never to involve him in a conversation again 27 past 11 at 560 WQA Let me tell you about some great folks dial a mattress Many people I always knew they were nice people but they're like better than nice We just took up like we got personal buddy Moses here holy Moses with a vent and these people are so great that it's unspeakable It's beyond belief you'll love doing business with them because they just make it so easy No rip off no games no hassles no big overhead that they want to rip you off to pay for because they don't have anything for it All you got to do is pay for the merchandise one easy called a dial mattress No replace your worn out crappy lumpy monkey old mattress with a great new name brand new one at an unbeatable everyday low price They got all the top names only top names. They don't carry any off brands. No mismatches no garbage dial a mattress is got ceiling and sort of Simmons temper pedic No sales gimmicks like I said just the best merchandise in the history of mankind And if you got big bucks to spend they've got the high end beds too like see these crown jewel line and the top models from every brand all at unbeatable prices every single day All you do is make that one simple call 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTR ESCEN if you call right now you can be sleeping in real comfort as soon as tonight Because they'll show up there as soon as you want with an A2 I wanted this convenient for you It's unheard of nobody else does this you get to choose the date and time for living that fits you schedule And they set up the brand new bedding a takeaway the crappy molding nasty smelly old bedding for absolutely nothing for free So do yourself a big favor instead of schlepping all over town of those bedding and departments there is especially in this unbelievable heat Just sit there in your cool air condition wherever you happen be hanging out and make that one easy call to dial a mattress 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTR ESCEN please tell me the old needle told you to call or check them out on their website at mattress.com I had a local this is 560 3 years old yours Oh You Theo, that's your real girls flashing their goods during spring break weekend Florida What what about the hotnies who spend the whole year in Florida now? Thank god their own video It's golden girls gone wild Who's in it? Why it's all your favorite golden girls? Dorothy Rose wedge and they always said I'm so fear I share it to think what was under that trap Well, you won't have to think because golden girls gone wild is two full hours of these ravenous retirees Join loads of rakely scan I am the most attractive and available woman in all of my amy Golden girls gone wild these hotnies what hot flashes are going topless every chance they get except when they're arthritis Lers up. I'm going to be able to open my eyes again. It doesn't get any sexier than this but they'll take our word for it Listen to what the golden girls are saying about each other She was fucking for going It's golden girls gone wild Watch it just one time and you'll agree Jark Kay and the history of mankind Golden girls gone wild It's 33th 27th till noon on a tier inducing Thursday here. Look at that phone Screenless yeah, smoothest right nothing nothing I think we've hit rock bottom you know I can feel the barcles right on my ass Look at this Homer Simpson looks at the beat Abraham Lincoln and Martin Luther King Jr to the title of the greatest American and a BBC online pool Homer Simpson The hand-fisted but lovable head of the Simpson family is so far Topping the list of 10 famous Americans with over 40% of oats and they strictly unscientific BBC online pool The pool is being cured out ahead of a live 90 min global TV debate about America's place in a world which the BBC will screen with along with 10 other national broadcasts And here's the results so far Homer Simpson 40.83% that even close Abraham Lincoln 10.000% Martin Luther King Jr 10% Thomas Jefferson 6.5% Mr. T Mr. T 8.38% and a Thomas Jefferson Although Tom did say he'd like him as a slave Bob Dylan 6.15% George Washington 5% Franklin D. Roosevelt 4.3% That's the that's the gratitude he gets for bailin those brits ass out The WW2 4.34% they're just jealous Ben Franklin 4.52% and Bill Pinto on 3.92% Isn't that something? What a bunch of assholes you British bankers on you if you're sad you tragic But they sure talk funny. Yeah, they're silly and they talk funny and they too much spotted dick and toten hole 5.6. Well look at that now all of a sudden I'm gonna come back Now what's what these lines you say there's something I don't know here that's all that funky that's how to real funky to me WQAM yes welcome back Thank you so much. Nice be here for what? Oh, the funniest thing on a certain FN class rock station They do not fireworks commercial for some fireworks company It's a guy in a girl and the guy is a forrell sound alike Oh, yeah, you're ready. You're ready. Cether it. Now this wasn't a Paul and young Ron show by any chance. No. Oh good. I'm not a big one of six. But Howard's firm? Yes. Oh, okay. But yeah, and I heard when people off the ground the other day for the mind drag me there Come on, you can do better than that. That stuff is swell. Lovely. 5.670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. What are you shaking your head about? Well welcome to our crowd man. Welcome to our crowd. They don't like George and I both try to tell you no matter what it is No matter what it is no matter how good it is they don't like it. They don't like it. Blow it out your ass you moron. WQAM. Yes sir. Little fireport. Pally was using your lawyers name today. He was loving these cream and because it was your lawyer. About one hour. Got to drop the beast buddy. For about one. See, you can't have a conversation. I don't even know what he's talking about. I have no clue what his man is talking about. Do you? No. I missed an NSE. You could what could have had a conversation there. See, they're terrified. They're scared. They're like it and run. Even people in the print pretend to be friendly. You just don't understand the fine art even the week art. To have a conversation. You haven't got a clue what it's all about. None. Zero. Give me the tickets and by the way that they hate you. Not necessarily in that order. WQAM. Good. Excellent. See. There you go. WQAM. I can now. I think they're pretty good. I'm just trying to dismalen you now. I don't know if you already covered it. Well, I'm just going to meet me. Yeah. I'm just going to do it. I'm much better. I'm just going to do it. I don't know if you've seen it about person for us. She was on the TV show last night. Welcome to about Iran. Yes, I mentioned it. He's seen a rattling the spirit. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I thought they might come up with a thing for W&D boss. I think that would have been a good if you were to put down the poll yesterday. But I tried to call you but you were on the lines for 50. You have a little put what on the poll? W&D. And the most things that we go when I share about what I'm worried about. Okay, well, listen, have a safe avoidage. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Law. Look, I said, Georgia started to sell my schedule at about 20. Oh, don't do this to me. What do you mean by that? Well, where am I going to go? I could go in there. There you go. Answer the phone. You're answering just as much as you're answering them. Right. That's what I'll do. I can't believe they don't want last night's Marlin Metz tickets. And the best part of it is these are tickets they didn't want before the game. That's the best part. How many QAM? I need a... You sure? I'm doing okay. I just a couple of things around Maya. Okay. I've been well-infinite. I asked one of the show's and I said to them, you do know you're making him a very rich man and he said, yeah, I know. And we both got all the apps in my driveway. Well, I don't know what's funny about that. But I guess... Yeah, I'm not sure if you can look at the phone, but I just agreed. You know? And my wife listened to Pharrell yesterday for first time. Yeah. Absolutely. All of them. But do you know what her first question was? Is that his real voice? I got a feds looking for me. And where's got the hornboy, Ben? Odd now. And then, that one? Did he hear from him? No, Mo. Talk to him. See ya. 560, 050, 5060, 05060 on the ATT. Dave hockey, Dave, don't hear from him no more. My front yarders probably get a little on the schmutzie side. Not that they pay any attention to it. No, they've all, they bailed out on us. That's okay. I understand. Not everybody. They've got bigger fish to fry now. WCWAM. I'm going back. I'm going back. WCWAM. Yeah, I actually sent in some pictures. I was a guy who did the Scorley Neal and John Lee. I'm trying to send you guys somewhere. I don't know if it's the right address to the contest one that emails I kind of shut down. Is there an email I can send you guys to? What a little hold. Okay, hang on. We'll look at you with the info. Hang on. Yeah, that guy's great. He did the swing and mothing with the moan of swing and nuts. We've got more good stuff from the audience. Just want to tell him, sure. He's the collar stuck. And that's always been a way, it's a way worse. But we've got some very creative people out there who are not necessarily the collar, including this guy. I noticed was an out of the best. But really a hidden genius. I mean, the pictures of how moan gildy and the picture of me on all Fours would at Lambshade and you'd take in it from the old man from the Moam Icester. But I think the award winner is Clarence Sende. You know what I'm saying? I think we got tomorrow's poll. Right. Don't you? I see where you're going. Right. Yeah, far away. Now, seriously, the picture of the beast with his hand around a naked Clarence's waist and both of them would such a smile and satisfaction on their push. It's just, it's just perfect. That's a beautiful thing. I still like the thrusting moan. The name of that picture should be pure bliss. Am I right? The definition of pure bliss. If you look in the dictionary under your book, that photo will pop up. The pop right up. Oh, brother, it's just a... And I got to be honest with you. Clarence was a little on the fruity side of that picture. Because they're always ticking on you. Clarence was very fruity in that picture. I don't look fruity at this point. That's pretty dawned on me before, although I have mentioned you that I think... Yeah. 19 till noon at 5. 5.60 QAN. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I need you. Yeah. Coming soon. The next installment in Peter Jackson's epic trilogy. Ganda, you've come back to us. Well, I used to be called Gathom. But all of a sudden, part of being, I am Gathom Vaney. The boss of the rings. Gathom Vaney. Gathom Vaney. What shall we do about the Dark Lord's Sauron? Yeah. And firey at third bank. I don't know about it. Are you saying what I think you're saying? I say nothing. We're just talking in. We're like we're just talking in. We're like we're just talking in. The boss of the rings. The sequel to the good fellowship of the rings. Hey, give me the draw. Yes, Gathom Vaney. So one of the aim is gambling anyway. Because that's the silly in the water. The boss of the rings. He's a wizard. And knowing what to do with stolen jewelry. I quote, oh, I don't want you to take that ring. I don't want you to take that ring. I'm not doing. You think it about kids go to a friend of ours or it was a pawn shop. OK? Don't give me that dollar. But I can't do offini. You want to kick my points I'm saying? Come age. The boss of the rings. the rings he's bringing for tonight's crime of Miller. Do you know who I am? I'm Mo Green. I made my phone when you were going out with cheerleading. Yeah, take that, being a voice. Lung 45, 15, Galoon at 5, 60 WQA. I'm not sure what's not enough to be a cheerleading, is that what you said? 407 votes on a poll, which of these statements is the most ridiculous? And a man in your position. Hey, beast, a man in your position does look. George W. Voices in Great Leader, 170 for Senate's most ridiculous of this list of seven magnificent choices. George is a great villain for Neil 74 for you, said that's ridiculous. Pieces coming in at least 58, Mohour David is a great show 45. The Marlins of when 91 games 28, for Rouse got a pleasant voice 16, and Clarence our program director will get laid this year only 12 of us said that. So I think there may be high hopes for Clarence there. You think? We could only hope. I doubt it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Live Final Reminder. Look for that big impressive QAM van and the lovely shiny Miguel, noon till one day. At Palmetre Kawasaki at 6,400 West, 20, 5, and a high-lia. Stopped it when free tickets tonight's Marlins Metz game. courtesy of the real yellow pages from Bill So. Why I bet you there'd be a line for that. Remember yesterday? Yeah, I got a line. Yeah, in fact, we used to work for Guy Had a lot of lines. In fact, I'm sure we probably still do. WQAM. Hey Neil, I have heard you talked about the whole kettle. Are you excited about it? What's the story? The one? The Hulk. They've been coming out. I already saw it. Pirate copy. What do you think? Never in the history of movie making has a movie been so bad. I was prepared for how bad that was. I'm sorry to hear that. Let me ask you though, assuming that nobody here had seen it, why would I want to see that? I don't know. I don't either. It's a big movie coming out. Oh, okay. Well, listen, I'll keep my appeal for it. Okay, it's a big summer movie. See, these people don't understand me at all. I don't need, I don't need any McDonald's. I don't need a Burger King. I'm not interested in standing online at Disney World. I'm just not, I'm not one of those go along with a crown kind of people. I was not a thing. You know, Norma Kent that silly a queen calls me yesterday. Not only trying to get me to do that, Bobblehead stupid thing. Then he says, oh, rumors are, I'm here. You're going to be at the Frirells of Marlins game tonight. Of course, Norma was there because he goes all the time and gets Frirells and has no life. And I said, do you think that there's really any chance I said if you paid me by the pitch, I wouldn't go. What about the catch? No. The pens I was catching. I would not go. I would not attend. I would not participate. Oh, but it's a big summer movie out now. You got to see it. The Hulk, in addition to what you tell me that it really absolutely blew. It blew absolutely hard. It sucked and blew. It sucked and blew so hard that you almost got sucked into the screen. It was sucked. You almost went to the goddamn movie screen. And there were people screaming from the other side trying to get back out. That's how hard it sucks. WDQAM. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Are you going to continue with the contest after number three is over the Lifestyle Contest? Is that something you're going to continue doing? Okay, I think we have one more in July. That's right now. That's it. Okay. I'll go to work so I'm good because then after that starting in August we get our best of the CDs and the key chains. Great, perfect. I don't quite understand some of the voting here, but I guess they're a little bit clear. Hey, listen. See if I make too many comments, it's not a good thing because then it sounds like I'm trying to push people and want to direct to the other. I can't, I just can't afford to do that. Correct. The contest. I guess like Richard Charles pretty odd. I guess Richard Charles need more friends. We computers. You can vote or something. I think you're starting to get warm now. I think you're still out here. I'm on it. Thanks Neil. Good job. Have a great day. Yeah. I don't that. I mean, like I said, I can't say anything. I certainly have my opinions and I certainly have off the air have made maybe expressed one or two. But on the air, I just doesn't say nothing. Franklin Lizard first place and the 708. Nothing wrong with that. I'm going to say for a very, very high total there. So, you know, what a seven hundred eight. Ryan and Natasha, not a dancing wrong with them. They're in second place three sixteen. And then we get to Holly and Darren to O8. Mike and Kristen to O7. And then we move on to that big smile. Mary and Shane. She's got to I mean, they got to O4. She's got to O4. A and N. Jan. 184. Greg and Stephanie 147. Danian Michelle. This is the one it just it puzzles me 142. I just I can't say anything. I thought they would do a little better. But I can't say anything. Captain singing his wife. Nice wonderful folks. We love Captain sing tremendously. One oh nine. He'd do better feet. Let his hair down. If he let his hair down a little bit. Kind of like Moe. He needs to. Vicky and Mick. I said that yesterday. If he was funny yesterday. He's not still funny. It's not still funny. He's tragic. He's so. So. So awful. Vicky and Mick 96. Yeah, you know, I wasn't going to say this on the year. But when man this was in here, I was on Monday, I guess. That's certainly could. And I had a ball game was on Tuesday. And I hadn't seen him in a couple of months. And of course, we get along just great. We have high mutual respect to mad dog in yours. Truly. And work together for what about 100 years now. That I O D. And here all over the place. I love the mad dog. So we're talking about various things. And he's telling thank him for the new schedule to the for he loves it. And thank him for like giving him the good advice. Less work and more pay and the audio. And so we go conversation eventually evolve to Mo. And I said the same thing, man, that I had I guess it was fresh in my mind because I just said it to you on the year about there's a part of Mo that you would. We see it very infrequently, unfortunately. And there's that little humorous that twinkle in the eye, that little sense of humor. That you really want to like. Right. And mad dog looked at me like he didn't say it. But the message from his eyes was well, I haven't found it yet. Yeah. I think I know where it is and why we ever see it. Oh no. Oh no. It's in the bag. No, it's on top of his head. Oh, come on. I'm serious. I'm not saying that gratuitously. I'm as far too late to be saying that. I don't think Mo and I are going to be that tight. It's time to get it on. Well, they already are on that website. I mean, we're getting it on heavy duty. I've given a high marks for energy. He just keeps swinging that thing. He's a real man. He's like the energizer by staying power. Dan and Sherry have 47 votes. Rich and Sherry have 38. She's about to in the enormous pair. And Jody and Kevin 24 in last place. And they must feel very bad. But I'll say it again. I'm sure it's the photo. That's C.P.A. It kind of seeping on. It's kind of seeping negative weirdness. Yeah. It's just not a good camera. 24 votes because you're out in 243 votes. Now, what do we wind up on the last contest? 29. It heard something. I don't know. 23. Yeah. But today's Thursday. And we started out at think with about 1400 or 13 something the first day. Right. So it's increasing gradually. But keep in mind, people can only vote. Yeah. Finish it. Come on. Really. Well, no, the fun I'm trying to make is that we're no matter how many hits we get in the website. And lately it's been phenomenal. There are only a limited number of people who can vote. It's that AOL crap again. People can only vote at a certain rate. I don't want. Why are you doing this to me? What have I done? Why do you do this? It's a contest. You can't do that. But then again, what do you know? Right. Not much. Claraces by the way. He wants to thank me for the tremendous publicity. And hopefully there will be a line of beautiful babes hanging outside the door as soon as he gets some work for this afternoon. Some of those girls from the Marlins last night. Yeah. Were they that desperate? Some of the skanky ones were the banana unarranged. They were arrested for what was talking about this morning with the bruises on her head. And on their body parts. Yeah. They might do clearance. Like in the dark. Come on. 5 6 7 0 5. Oh, the moosey man is resigned. You just see that. And you want to know why he's resigning? See the controversy over Charlie Moose. Who you remember? I'm sure very, very well. Of course. Was the fact that he had all kinds of offers for movie deals and book deals. And his employer said, no, we don't think so. You can't be a consultant on a movie about the sniper case. The county employee may not profit on the side from his official duties. And so he's basically saying, okay, well, how about not on the side? How about if I leave here? Yeah. And then I'll go out. I mean, he's not really saying that. Well, exactly what he's going to be. He's going to write a book. Write a book about those lunatics. So scumbags in the bad news is those two bastards are still alive. That's the bad news. See, that's America for if we have real justice. Those two already be pushing up Daisy. Take the long dirt net post that Paris comes back. But not an American man. We got to drag that thing out. And he'll probably get off, you know, would like a slap on a wrist as opposed to those guys in Tulea Texas who work in that the one guy. How old's that one guy? Like 60 a.m. What is he? An old guy. Right. Ancient. Ancient guy. He cold his heels there for four or five years before they find them. His ass out. San, just try that. That's the American F in way, man. That's justice. Come to the Q.A.M. Yes sir. Hey Mr. Nio, you're about that writing and benton harbor. Yeah. The natives are getting restless. We're going to do with them. Well, wouldn't it what we're going to do with them? Well, it's like, you know, it reminds me of it's like Arthur McDuffy all over again. That's what it's like to me. Got what's on a motorcycle. Got chased and the monogget and killed. Sounds a lot like Arthur McDuffy and Tampa to me. There you go. And there's also been some ripple effects. And they say in Burlington Vermont. I didn't think the wishfots was in Vermont. We've got a Jerry's. One and two. One or two. Click. Well, and Tio's how he said it. We all fasted the fight for we put the phone back down. That was a person only managed. Very good. Very effective sir. There are only two charges in Burlington. Not there right now is a benefit. They're both on the way down to get you now. 560560 pound five60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. WQAM. Hey. Yes sir. I don't want to use any bad information. The technical term. What do you mean you don't want me using any bad information? What does that mean? The technical term for a CBA. It's not a CBA that color is body new so much. It's a do-atown. Yeah. That's what it's called. I don't know what to mean. That color we had like 6,000 people also at CBA. Now it's not. It's a do-atown. Two colors. Anyway. Well, what if it was like black and blue? Do it on. And so any two colors? Right. Exactly. A BBA. And what we should have wanted to be given no bad information. Do you have any idea what do you remember when they were doing that on the NFL? Yes, I did. It was terrible. It didn't work. A couple months ago. A couple months ago. You had a color around the time that's space shuttle crashed. You really bothered me. He mentioned some Bob Abu Ghuva on TANWR. I know who this guy is. He's roovin. Stop calling Neil. And you know, start paying people on the job. Let me if you hear this. I know you're a chronic. If it gets. Okay. 560 pound 560 on a AT&T. What are you looking at your watch? Oh, I'm just waiting. Waiting for what? Two o'clock. Oh, you thought I waited too long was that the thing? No. No. I think I'd time to do that. Okay. And if not, that's okay too. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Don't forget to get me gallows out there. No. I think it would be great if we had some good sports who would take these tickets from last night's gig. And they could keep us as a souvenir. They might be worth something someday. Or the real thing. The only thing is you will have to drive down here to get him. And then you'll have to serve his clearance before you get the tickets. 440 pound 560. And this is 460. And the most important thing is to get him. 460. You way. The smart Morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q8M. We got an inside-wall street in. And now she's gonna pay for it. Proces you live. Just soon be nighted. Facing lots of time. And we're so excited to see you taking an outcome. That's the duet. 20 years won't be enough. You're as a rubber in stripes. Send her to sing sing. Put her in for life. Never be a good thing. Go harder. They'll get you far inside a training. That's good. And the send you away. They'll pay for all the. We were laughing so hard. They were shaking. But you stopped for the day. Oh my God. You're asking for everything. But you're smiling. Yeah, the send you away. Oh my God. You'd be sharing the stings. It's not so lit. With your sound. Come on. One to five sixty. WCM is kind of ashamed. It's kind of ashamed. It's not that we've been good. You're not that we've been good. You're a good guy. But don't you think that's unfortunate? Don't be like them. Come and say hey George, we'd like you. You've been here a long time. Now you do not find job. You don't cause too many problems anymore. But we're cutting your pain. Because being a boy's got to get paid. But kind of worked out that way anyways. And she's not getting paid. I have to subsidize them. Okay. So in other words, it came a little bit like a behind the ansteel. Right. Worse moves in and lose in man. Mostly losing here these two days today in tomorrow. That's why I wanted it. I thought it was going to be just. And it has. It has looked up to every expectation I had. It's been exactly what I thought. Five six. Right. You can smell it. I could feel it. Yeah. Which of these statements is the most ridiculous is our question on neo-rangeers.com that they were going to spectacular response on a poll. 469. George W. Bush is a great leader. 200 people say that's ridiculous. George is a great villain for Neil 83 people. See that's even more ridiculous. Pieces coming in the middle east. All the way didn't say piece of what. Maybe piece of a halava. Piece of pie. I said what kind of pie. No. Maybe not definitely not pecan pie. Hmm. Choose don't eat pecan pie. Well they oughter. That's a southern U.S. thing. It's good. If done right. It's very rich. Oh yeah. It's it's fat rich. Pieces coming in the middle east. 68 said that's ridiculous. And of course they're right. A lot of you are right. More Howard David. It does a great show. 56. That's ridiculous. The most. The Marlins of the 91 games. 30 people said that's ridiculous. Not more. What to say that. Except most people don't care which we found out yesterday. For Ralph's got a pleasant voice. 18. So that's ridiculous. And Clarence. Our program director will get laid this year. 14 including you see generally the vote I cast is usually the number one choice. Because I'm big while I guess cause I'm the one to design the poll. You know if you're going to if you're going to design a quiz like for school. You should go with the right answers. I usually pretty good idea. For only 14 said parents will get laid this year as a ridiculous concept. Which obviously means they have never met him. 567.0560 and hurt his tails of whoa. Palm ... Pawn 560 He's the same way that Eric does. Nobody can see  entfernt lucky him. Afterally. Think you know when there's got real numbers come out for one french. The first trend will not be until July because coming out at the end of June. number and he wasn't on here and may see where he was among behind. So at the end of July about the 27th of July, you'll have the June numbers which will be your full month of for real. So July, and also when and what age can a guy who's got a person become a or become a radio source? And what age? About 30 men? That's how you got what you wanted. What is that July 1? 24. July 24th, Mark and down in your counter, there'll be the first time we get those for real numbers. And of course by then he may have moved in our most territory. I'm going to kick his ass and then I'll steal his two by and dance. That's a book. So we'll get to break it down. Yeah, we're going to have a breakdown. I'm working on my. Okay, I'm having one here. No, it's okay. It's just fine. This is just like I said exactly what I anticipated. But I like it because I mean, I don't, I just, I don't know. I just feel that these people should do a little more of their part which they don't do. There are too many takers in this time. That's one of the reasons it's so unacceptable. Too many takers. You don't want to give anything. Well, how then you're gay? I'm not talking about it. See, everything always comes back to sex. Is that all, all you know about is sex? I mean, that's all I think about. But I argue, Dan of Strait people. I'll tell you somebody that's building home really, I'm not amazed because I've seen it since he's up. We've been here for Adam and sales. Now Adam is, you know, you think he might get laid once in a while. He does, you know, he gives you the impression he doesn't. But he just gives me the impression that he is so absolutely desperate. I'm, oh my God, she had to boast unbelievable. Who does do? I mean, he just stands in there in a morning and just maybe he just suck it up to you. Maybe he's doing for that reason. Maybe he does part or or maybe he's trying to like in a very slie way because he's a low key kind of a guy. Maybe he's trying to give you like a little a little zits. I could be that bad. But what he knows, you're not getting any right. He does find Adam. Yeah. Because he certainly gives the impression. So maybe you're assuming the same logic, it may be maybe clearance does find to although quite honestly, I've never heard clearance going on and on about some hot young babe with with beautiful melons and with the, you know, all of this. In fact, for Al was telling yesterday that I had the most beautiful vagina that he's ever seen in his life. You hear that? Right. It's his mind. If you. Right. He's been around a couple. Clarence on the other hand. It's a little red though. Caboose. Double your Q. I am. Neil, I do it. Talk about that funky me that the Caboose again. Yes, sir. I got a two thing that I tell you one, I think you should put the, uh, gueldy and mope picture on the hot couple's contest. That might win. And also, do you see, uh, more US troops got shot my rack by the ambush. Oh, yes, I did. Yeah, we never need to pull them out. And as you must request, uh, I can play the, uh, you folks bit Steve Phillips. Yes, for the match with uh, Spousey. No, not Spousey or Rousal. All the Mickey Mouse. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Spousey or Rousal? Pulling somebody getting fired. They're to oh, God. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Got these tickets for last night's meds game. Let's see. We did the moosey man. Talked about the referred dumb as a box of rocks. There was a great line, Mad Dog. A Robert's here. I got a great comment here. It's on our website. They're what do you know? When do you know it? See, I don't want to read these. Carry leads Dean and pull a new Hampshire. John Kerry. It's kind of scary, but I think John Kerry, which he was the original one. I will, I like poor Bob Graham, and it just makes me sad. The latest pull in New Hampshire. Kerry's got 28% Howard Dean's got 18%. Where's the rest? 23% on decided. Jewelie Breman was at 11%. And Dick Gibhart of Missouri was 10% of course. Keep in mind that's in the New England. Which Kerry and Dean and the Leavemen all are from New England. Dick Gibhart, 10%. John Edwards of North Carolina, who says, just as terminal as they come, 4%. And Bobby Graham's got only 2%. Carol mostly Brown represented Dennis Kusinish with that bad hairpiece, but a good mouth. And Al Sharpen each had 1%. As was retired, army general Wesley Clark. Was not announced yet, but everybody is a waitin' or on the edges are seen. So that's the latest from New Hampshire. As the Democrats continue trying to find somebody who can run and not beat themselves because I have a feeling that anybody, just about anybody's gonna win in 2004 and won't be W. I really believe that now. Even so. Like I said, boy, no. Look at that, what's happening there? We're on that big run that does down 110 point. And as they're down about 18 and a half, we're just taking a little pause now, okay? Maybe the markets a little bit overbought, you know, an expression a little bit overbought. And maybe the short sellers are sticking up there a but and maybe the long sellers are sideways and busted and the bears are fighting with the bull. The bears are fighting with a balshmit and all other bull crap, okay? And maybe just maybe they're looking for a what do they call it? A rush to fight to safe. Oh, that's it. That's not on the stupid cliches. Fight to safety. In other words, all these equities you buy in is crap. It's speculated if it's like gambling without the fun. A fight to safety. Well, I'll tell you what a scam. I wish I never would have heard that word stock market. Then words. I wish I never would have heard of it. That day Rick Riley. See what he did to you? Yeah, he did. He's the one at the time of the seed. He planted the bad seed. If wouldn't have been for him and certain other people, I wouldn't be here right now. Be your show. You and be in a boat. Be doing the show. What do you sorry like that? You'd be doing the show. Yeah. Permanent. Sorry. I'm not. Oh, sorry. You lost all that money. I'm not. It's critical. Do you believe me? Yeah. Am I good? No. I would have to be here sitting begging, pleading for somebody to speak to. I actually had something to say. Something on their mind. Something friendly. Something intelligent. Something worthwhile. Something useful. Something exciting. Something meaningful. We said, well, do you see she had a big hero? Holders. Adam, we are a good guy. Okay, but I'm going to file a sex discrimination suit. Because I have to be one old flag. It was getting really sick and tired about you. Head of our sexuals. Flunting your sexuality in front of us. Second tired. All you got straight guys in your holding hands. Kissing in public. Kissing and doing these things. That's right. Spooning and of course with each other. That's the thing that I find disgusting beast. Wasn't that like redundant? Did you get that? Who's he yet? Disgusting beast. What movie? Disgusting. I mean, sexy beast. Not then since Toronto, I can't see you here. I mean, you think I buy another copy of that? You've got to be crazy. What do you for my report? I will say this. I don't know. I don't want to like, uh, but best buy, which I used to love them. And then of course, you got to the part where you couldn't get service in there. It's basically when you're buying a computer. Anything that's on a top shelf. Right. Good luck to you. Forget about it. You'll never live long enough to get it. But if you're buying like DVDs, they got a pretty good selection. And they got good deals. CDs. CDs. They got good selection. They got very good. And then you can take right to the counter. And unless you get one certain cash here, which he's got a high quality on my. Oh, I mean, she is. I'm on a penny. In fact, somebody, one of my listeners was there in that line of front of me last night. So I hope he's listening right now. Very nice gentleman is son. I hope he's listening right now because he knows exactly that I'm talking about. She was done with the son of us. I'll bet the best buys and other towns. Don't have the kinds of problems we do. What do you mean by that? Because you know everything here, the service here sucks. 11 pass noon at 5.60. WCWM. How low can those interest rates go? That's a question. So many people might be pondering right now. Well, the financial group right at the moment is doing the limbo. On the lowest refinance rate you've ever heard of. 1.95% that's true. Now you can refinance your homo buy you a new homo get a super low on matchable. 1.95% financing with the financial group Hayalias. Call 1-800-940-LEND. That's 1-800-940-land if you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate. Call our good piezons at financial group. 1-800-940-land if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, your payments are only 368 a month. If you have you a 200 thousand dollar loan, you're purely 736 a month. Call financial group toll free. 1-800-940-land to get the low low rate you've been looking for. 1.95% interest rates is I speak of it all time. Most so don't wait. Call a get that amazing rate of 1.95% right now. From financial group here's the number one more time for the West Coast. 1-800-940-LEND. They're an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions apply and rates are some of you have changed monthly 5.19 APR. Arnold Schwarzenegger is the candidate. I think that all of the state officials should be totally recalled. Arnold Schwarzenegger has what it takes to succeed in politics. If you go into tell lies make sure that the through lies face the West. Well, medical action bureau. King is Arnold Schwarzenegger the candidate. Hold the knee if you want to live. 8-4 by a string of cliched action films and a little bit of Kennedy money. All I'm going to say is the big news Martha Stewart's trial set for January 12. I say fry the bitch. I'm so sick and tired of all these people. Oh, she's been made an example of and it's because she's a woman and because she's famous. Okay fine, now fryer. I'm not going to argue with you. Let's just fryer ass. Just to make an example out of her like I said. 5-670-560 pound. It's like what owner rider's same thing. Right, 20 years. No questions asked. Yeah, but she forgot. Yes, she forgot. Yes, she did. All the shlippers out there all of poor people. The hunderlings, the hunderdog friends of Joe Rose, all those poor bastards. Work their asses off for two, three bucks an hour. Right, try for years to save a few bucks and then Bush came along and all their money went up like in flames. And those bastards have to sit back and watch his people like when owner rider ruts their shoplifting. All these are the great Martha Stewart ripping off the public. It's tragic. It's enough to make you want to be like dishonest. I mean, you work at this station. 5-670-560 pound, 560. If you think dishonest, oh, you know what I heard about guilty with a $10. Did you hear that story? Did you hear it to be to boy? $10. He was at the mobile station. I'm assuming I'm not for sure, but the one up on county line and 441. And he got gas or whatever he bought and he gave the guy $20 bill. And he spent like 17 bucks or something. Right. And the guy gave him a $2.60 or an $10.00 to much. And guilty being the prick that he is walks away with the extra money. Now he's asking. He's debating on here with mode this morning and the callers should he go back there and give him the $10.00 back. Now here's a guy with a squeaky voice, this little punk guilty. Who I don't know what he's making, but I'm at six figures for sure, okay? Yeah. And believe me, a lot more than that voice ever in a history mankind should have been making his business anyway. And he's screwing some guy and they finally are the callers in Baris to me. He's going to go back. I'd be humiliated in the baris to go back. Now many years ago I was at a gas station. I mean I was working. I had no money. Basically I was a slipper like you. Right. Like I'm not talking to you. I mean beiner. Oh. I'm about to hold. And I'm at a gas station. It was one of those trips. I'm driving up north or whatever. And through the Carolinas of Virginia. So I'm at a gas station. And I gave the guy a $20 for like $50. $15 worth of gas or $10 whatever. And he gave me back the right change plus a 20. Yeah. I kept the 20. Yeah. It was this honest. I've talked about it since then. I was this honest. And I needed the money. And it's still eating up. No absolutely not. Absolutely not. If he was dumb enough that he couldn't make change. I mean if I give him a 20 gives me 20 plus more back. I mean how stupid he got to be than that. But in recent years I've had that happen. I would be forget about the money I'm making. Because I make a lot more money than guilty. Thank God. But if I was making the money he's making. And then he went out about well the guy some Hispanic guy. Barely speaks English. And he obviously is working for a couple of bucks an hour. Oh, in that case. No, but seriously. I would be so humiliated and embarrassed because he obviously was well aware that the guy gave him too much change. He might get fired because his drawer was. Tellers that the track of me too much into all the way to money. You give me too much. I had that happen to me. Many times even when I was a slimy. And I do know that it comes out of their pocket at the end of the night that they have to like, you know, well, I'll be accounting. I'll be out of their ass. Out of their ass. Take it out of there. They take it right out of their ass. So guilty. I'm going to tell you something man up until today. I thought that maybe there was something redeeming in your little slimy body. But I I just can't believe that. I didn't like I said I admit many long time ago. I was a young punk. Didn't have two nickels to rub together. And a guy. Well, kid, it was a kid. It looked pretty good too. By the way, now that's many years ago. And I still remember. Does that tell you a lot of that you even are in Adam would have thought he was pretty. Well, no, no, no, no. No, seriously. He just you're Adam your little overboard. Say we till next week when I'm gone. Okay, I can't I can't handle it. Oh, man. I mean, when somebody carries on like that, it just leaves you with the impression that there's so goddamn desperate. Okay. And I know you're saying he's not an I believe that. You know, he's fine. More powerful. He's been going to reason to lie. He does nothing for me. But it's just, uh, I don't know. So over the top, maybe he's trying to have since for well got here. Maybe he's just like taking it up a couple of notches. And I think everybody is. Yeah. Because he's just a little over the top. You know, I'm talking about when all that being stuff. He's been eating the bean for hours. And actually, we're talking about bean or boy. That's his nickname. 567. That's what he calls me. Calls him to bean. You got a voter boy. That's what mo calls him. And uh, for all calls and the beans. They're all the beans. He was eating the bean. Boating the bean hours. And he didn't want to say in phone in the bean. I see now. There you go again. Take in the absolute truth. And I'm given to the audience. And now you're stretching it. You're stretching it. You're really pushing it. God. This place has become so vulgar and dirty since for well got here. And while we have to say about that is, right. Yeah. We like that. We like filthy and dirty. Those wrong with that. Takes the heat off of us. Thanks a lot, Scott. Now seriously, he takes the heat off of us. Oh yeah, big time. I'm going to be complaining about this show anymore. This is like a grandma Moses, especially after last night. Like a little right riding hood. He has especially after that. Orgy, they had at the ballpark last night. And after a little bean, a little bean got laid there last night. Good thing nobody was there to see it. At least he thought he got laid. WQAM. I knew. Yes sir. I have to thank you for turning me on the fish food. I just started it the other day. Yeah. And where you should have slow start? Or I haven't talked about that in a cool sage. I know, I was working in a house and I had to clear up. These are people moved me. Let the brand new tin brand new cart. No, it's in the freezer. What kind of assholes could those people? And you will even have a nice new Ben and Jerry's a virgin fish food and a freezer. You've got to be an idiot. Well, now that's the electric for me. Oh okay, well, I was nice. Anyway, gel big sounds like a four foot nothing punk. Trying to sound like a pup guy. Okay. I'm the... Thanks. Yeah, what do you people think about that? I mean, I know they discussed it out of my eye. Of course, we've talked about that before. It's an old-than fact. That's what was going through my mind as I was driving in. Gee, that topic is older than Methuselah. Oh, and speaking of a little known facts, you know that went muff went for all of those tests and for that call on onscapee. And they took those inner pictures of his... Right, though. They found that... That's why I had to go back to second time. They found some unusual things in there. They were mouss and clarked mouss tracks. Speaking of the moussie man, mouss tracks. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Train tracks. Pound 5, 60. I've been working on the railroad. Pound 5, 60, on the 18. Oh, what a beautiful day. It really is. Oh, and I haven't played that Mickey Mouse thing yet. I'll get around with it. I'm just so euphoric because it's like the ladder end of the week and I don't get in a hell out of here. Oh, I don't want to overdo it because I know some people in the audience think that I overdue that and that if I don't like it here, why the hell do I get out? And I will. Oh, I will very soon. But it's just so... I mean, I... Please point out to me the nice things, you know? Right now. I'm talking about it right now. If this time of the year, what's the nice stuff? What's the good part of... Asked pizza delivery. Ha ha ha ha. Yeah. Speaking of pizza delivery, you know, I don't want to say that Americans are fat or like all over the world not people are getting fat or in fat or in fat or in fat or in fat or in fat or in fat or in fat. To make people money. But domino is it dominoes or is it no, it's pizza hot? Well, correct me whichever one it is. Well, they do delivery and then they give you the cinnamon rolls. They both do that to an extent. But stop and think about that. That's like saying, would you like a few potatoes with your pasta? Right. Cinnamon rolls with pizza? Both of them have cheese sticks and cinesticks of some variation or another version. Oh my god, I'm gonna talk about a carbohydrate shock. It's just pizza dough. Talk about a bunch of respect to a attack. My god, how'd you like some dough with your dough? If your cheese covered bread wasn't good enough, how about some sugar covered bread? How'd you like to have some cherry Garcia with your fish food? Who'd that sound good? We got some cherry Garcia the other day and then mixed it with like, what's the other? What's that other Beningerie's wannabe? It's an eddies dream. You got something. Cut a swear of ice cream. Dream something. But anyway, they got like a real super chocolatey. It's got chocolate chunks. Now all kinds of different kinds of chocolate. And you mix that together. You you you you mush them up into microwave, soften them up. And you're sticking to the cherry Garcia and that stuff. And wow. Oh. This. No seriously. That's why that's why I wish I had for else metabolism man. I could eat. I could just shovel down all the stuff that I look. And and every skinnier is around like he is. I wouldn't be having no diabetes. He didn't finish his food though. Oh damn it. See what you've done clearance to our good friend for wealth. You're going to kill that man, forcing them to eat in here. And he'll's a diner in drugs. That's bad. I feel bad for him because I see the onions doesn't see this. They probably think I'm exaggerating, but it's the truth. The guy comes in here in the morning on every one of his commercial breaks. And he's got this stuff from how he's here. And he of course he and he does get a lot of food. He gets like a bagel with the cream cheese and lots of whatever else on it. And then he gets like a hoarder of French toast, egg bacon and cheese bagel. Yeah. And a huge order of French toast and then a bunch of bacon. And he drinks the syrup right out of the little. And he sucks the syrup right out of those little packets. He's sucking it right out of the packet. And he's bouncing off the wall and so it's a great. It's a funny act to watch, but I feel bad for him because he being forced to do the. It's not good for you. When you eat when you're under stress and eat like a big hurry like that, like a snake to binge like that. Right. So Clarence and I let you back. I think it's time you've bunched up a little bit sweetheart. And in fact, it seems to me that there is the guy if he played his cards right there. Could get his ass straight now. So to speak. There's the guy could clearance later as a forl. But he's certainly not going to do it if you're like playing fast and loose with all these crazy ass rules and all these prohibitions and you can't do this and you can't you know. So maybe Clarence will take that little plunger and at the ant repullant. Bear in mind that might not have come from him. But that's right. He's a straw boss anyway, which we have so many. We probably came from Greg. Yeah, probably came from Greg because Clarence don't control the first rings anyway. As punishment for the other people bitching about the ants or whoever did bitch about the ants besides Hank. Yeah. Well, if you as would meet there, we wouldn't have answered there for more. About bugs and not just ants but flying stuff as all kinds of bugs and because they don't have an exterminator. So you only place ever worth of any kind in my life where they're too cheap to like once a month, even more once every three months have our freaking exterminator. And if any place that needs to an exterminator, this is the place. Believe me. We have lots of things in this place ought to be exterminated immediately. Some of them little older than others. 27 past noon at 5.60. W2. We got the mad dog coming up at 2. The mad dog who still search for that fine part of Moe that we really all love and would like to final and covet. Mad dog still hasn't found yet. I tell you we all have found at Brandy's what to love and covet. That is the great service, the great selection of phenomenal prices. Over 25 years now, this is their 25th anniversary in business this year at Brandy's. And when you go in there shop, if you've never been there before, you'll understand why. Because it's a stupidest store for your feet. They got all the top men's and women's famous shoe brands, rock ports, echo is Mephisto, Timberland, Clark's essayist, Floresha, a lot more too. And no matter how big or tiny your feet may be, they got them all for you. Men's 6 to 15, women's size is 5 to 12, then what's from the very, very narrow to the very big fat and wide. And don't forget their professional sales staff. They'll hook you up because they need to take care of you with a personal fit every time to make sure you get a perfect fit. And with over 40,000 pair in their 8,000 square foot mega store, you can be damn sure you can bet great weeds life on it. That exactly what you're looking for is in stock right now to stuff on your feet. Brandy shoes, you'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompano, Beats are open daily 9 to 9 Sunday, 10 to 5 and right now is an extra great time to buy new balance because that brandy shoes all this week. Take 20% off on all great men's and women's new balance style, stop by or visit them at their website Brandy's shoes.com. My life and look all this is 4 to 25,000. Wait, wait, wait, wait. I'm going to lies pot in Florida. Yes! Yes! Okay 1232, I don't have a bit to plug because I already just play that one. What? Yeah. Well, I'm sitting here daydreaming. Don't you understand? I'm very very doing it. Don't tell. Pain too much attention to this crap. I mean, here's an excellent thing from Robert and Plantation. Great, thanks. It says on my way to work the other day. Some guy was passing these out. Thought it might be of interest to you. Thank you Robert. And it is good. Have you seen these? A declaration, uh, yadiyadiyani? No, I've done. But you like this long, I'll read it anyway. Please. Do some good time. Well, be as good as these call. What is? A declaration for the future of America challenged for George W. Bush. When in the course of a national crisis, it becomes necessary for people to confront a long train of abuses and use of patience by a president, defeated by pocketer vote in the 2000 election. Now, decimating American progress is damaged, deliveries and rights must be announced. The principles that should direct America's future in order to advance the safety and happiness of our citizens must be defined for the electorate in 2004. George W. Bush has widened the gap in incoming savings between the rich and the poor. We awarded this financial support as in what government contracts, barely converted the decline in U.S. jobs and consistently favor the rich and tax policies. He has embarked into strong civil liberties guaranteed under the first amendment among them the right of privacy and the roe v. Wade decision in which the privacy of women demands. He has repeatedly nominated ultra-conservative federal judges. His long-stay preemptive war against Iraq, damaged the United Nations in the Prague process, made enemies of France, Germany, and other former allies, particularly Arab nations. He's brought about deaths of more than 100 U.S. troops and unaccounted Iraqi civilians for the ostensible reason to find the instruments of mass destruction still unproved, and we all deem to control Iraq's oil and the stamp U.S. hit and Germany everywhere concentrating now on Syria and Iran. You settle the U.S. with the huge cost of policing in America at the same time he whittles away at such basic domestic needs as social security and medicare, holding these truths to be self-evident at all menaboon are created equal and endowed with the enalable rights of life-lobiting the pursuit of happiness we've threatened therefore to clear these principles to be the basis of America's future. We want our country to be revased once again on the objectives of the founding fathers, the America of Jefferson Lincoln and Franklin D. Roosevelt, and Homer Simpson II. I guess. We want a country where separation and church and state is absolute, where no religion or group can impose its opinions on all others, where school boards and public institutions are free from control by a few, where religions receive no government money to advance their positions. We want an America dedicated to shrinking the gap between rich and poor, and to guarantee that a worker gets a fair return for his labor, a country where unions are given essential protections. We want an America where the right to education quality housing and healthcare are established principles, where all people have equal opportunity and financial means to achieve their potential from lower grades to graduate schools. We want an America where low drug costs and medical treatment through the senior years are available to all. We want an America where gender equality is guaranteed, where sexual affiliation conduct and marital status are a matter of personal privilege, where the home is in viable from illegal trespass. We want an America where taxes are applied fairly to corporations as well as individuals, where tax loopholes are eliminated, where government contracts are awarded according to high ethical standards and business banking and other institutions are regulated to ensure the public's protection. We want an America where the environment is secured for future generations and the nation is safeguarded from pollution, where national parks are enlarged and treasured. We want an America where libraries are well funded, meeting materials cannot be censored, where literacy is guaranteed and computer literacy must be available to all. We want an America where the civil liberties of every individual are guaranteed by law, where the electoral process ensures the vote of every citizen, where the government should work within the framework of the UN, and where the government's intrusion into the affairs of the nation shall be prohibited without too congressional debate and approval. We therefore committed the principle that governments derived their powers, their just powers and the consent of the government, pledged to make this declaration for the future America a reality. Sponsored by ARM New York. I'll say that maybe Bonerbo put it on our website, not a very good copy, it doesn't have a mobile find it somewhere. Got it? Thanks Robert and citation pretty good. Pretty good. 567 we've got a lot of open lines here like almost all of monoscis Queen the Sturgeon Day. Squeezing, Taden, Began, Kajolin. Can't be bothered. Have we had one woman today? No. On a screenless, schmoozing Thursday, no women want to schmooze, even with free tickets, even with free tickets for last night's meds marlin game. I can't believe it. They got a fistful right here. Small fistful. 5670560, pound 560 on a AT&T of Horizon Wireless line. It is just draining man. Absolutely. WDQAM. You mean that comic crap? Yeah, comic crap. Yeah, comic crap. Take the firecracker out of your ass bounce by to go off. WDQAM. Yeah sir. Please retire. Oh please, retouch. Took him three and a half hours today. No thanks. WDQAM. QAM. How well, me, you? See this is the substitute for anything to say again. Here come all the jack offs out again. No, it's not a jack. Let's talk about you. I'm talking about the love the last pair. I'm not sure. Sorry. I was going to be here. Hey welcome back. I'm really enjoyed. You show this week. The website is looking killer. I love all the pictures and I didn't realize how close gilding and low really were. I'm talking. You're really talking. Definitely. And you know, you had a previous caller that said put them in the hot couples content. You could do that. They'd win and then just give them a one way ticket to the Bahamas. That's a sign. That is a thought. Hey, absolutely. You know what? You read about that preface that just resigned the guy that hit and killed that guy walking across the tree. You know, that's what it took for this man to resign. Not all of the cover-ups and the shuffling around of the pedophile priests. That caused all of those atrocities against people. That didn't get on his conscience. But the fact that he killed an individual while he says well, then maybe I should resign. And I just, you know, you know, and nothing to do with conscience has had to do with pressure. But absolutely nothing to do with conscience. But he had a lot of pressure to resign even a month's Catholics. He had a lot of pressure to resign because of all of the show game that he played with these guys. And when I have to get after you kill somebody in broad daylight, the pressure gets a little bit over the top. Right. And I got a small confession to make. I did vote twice on your hot couples contest for Frank and Liz because her hooters were just so big. I had to give him each one vote. Okay. Well, that's the limit. One for hooter. And Neil, I love you. And you have you for wonderful summer. And I will listen to at least QAM two days a week. Okay. Thanks. Thank you. It all like you, George. I'm 670560. Why don't you retire, George? I'm 560 on the AT&T and provides a wireless line. W to QAM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You ever seen how David and Jackie was the name of the interim state. So the check-in was his name. Good. Good. I saw a job, pal. You ever seen Jackie was his name on asses? Jackie Mason? Jackie. I was talking about Jackie Johnson. Yeah. I saw her this morning. I know something. I don't want to get into it with all you heteros, you know, but she her face ain't that great. I like it. No, no, it's not that great. Okay. No, she's not beautiful. She's beauty. No, she is not. Unless she had an off day or something, unless the her maybe her facial parts have been moved around. I hear everybody on the station just oobling and tearing on. And this morning I flew around. I was watching channel some forbidden. She was getting ready to Jackie's Johnson to her weather thing. And I don't know. In fact, some of the news there is a lot more beautiful looking broads in her. I mean, I even closed. No contest. I've actually that 10 year old babe that, uh, Beenerboy was humped on last night in the pool. But she was even, huh? How was she about eight? She was, she was afterwards. She got what? 560560 and not in the pool. I mean, she certainly knows the kind of stuff that's swimming around and that pool. Oh, god, almighty. Keep your tongue in your mouth in the pool, Beenerboy. Oh, and you wonder why his puke and his guts out and crap it up a storm and go in nuts? You wonder, huh? I don't. 19 till 1 at 560WQM. I'm gonna retire after I do this spot. Well, maybe not. I'll think about it. You know, summertime and self-loaded guarantees three things. He humidity in hurricanes. You know, you can't control the weather, but you can control how you protect your home during hurricane season. The hurricane shutter and window shop provides the best hurricane protection, which is one call to the hurricane shutter and window shop. They'll be at your home next day with a quote for hurricane. Shutter's windows and doors customize and engineers specifically for you in your home. From panels, accordions, roll-up shutters, impact resistant window and doors. The hurricane shutter and window shop will not be undersold. They'll beat any riddle of jim a quote because you're buying direct from manufacturer and wholesaler. Call the hurricane shutter and window shop toll-free. 1-800-538-0191. They also offer cash and care if you do it yourself handymen. So if you're serious about hurricane protection, customize and engineers specifically for your home. The hurricane shutter and window shop is the place to call toll-free. It's 1-800-538-0191. That's 1-800-538-0191. Be sure to tell the old meal and honey add them to the call. From the people who've run out of ideas like America's most talented team, American Idol Junior and America's most talented kid, have the ultimate competition for young people. America's most talented, the show that lets you vote for your favorite celebrities at your sonogram. The year tonight, the pre-nabel Bruce Springs Dean votes out unborn in the USA, a tidy Justin Timberlay Gurgle's walk-your-body from the inside. The things that will grow up to be on jolly scenes born to be your baby of America's most talented theaters. Right after American Infid Idol, tonight on Fox. There's the newest you've ever been working conservative magazine in the front page article Big Hitline Iraq, The Mess We Made. Every issue of the American conservative magazine shouting from the rooftops about what a nightmare this is and it is and there's people buying their everyday including ours. But hey, don't get Jesus with a facts man because you know hey thank him for that cheap gas. Remember that call? Right, it's free no. Yeah it's free. In fact he's pumping it. If you go to the gas station, GW will pump you. 567.0560. We had one woman yet today, not a woman. I'm embarrassed to say that be your boy had more women in the last 24 hours than we've had on the show all day today. That is sad. That's tragic. In fact, Clarissa's had just as many. None. Just as many as we've had none. Not one. 567. Talk about not carrying it up to send you very best talking about being heartless and playing hard to get. We've even given four of those tickets. I give you an in fact just to show what a kindhearted guy I am what I'm doing right now is I'm changing because there won't be anybody in these seats anyway tonight. So what I'm doing is I'm changing the day and the date on the ticket. I'm just writing it in with a pen to the partner of the day the 19th and I'm going to just and see if they work. Yeah, see if they work. They might not notice the difference. I don't know what you're laughing about this could be a whole new scam. We can give away like 30,000 tickets to game. Although it would be for like previous games. We'll just cross it out. Tell it, Chin. Do you still have that traffic ticket? No. I would have to take that there. See if that works. No problem. You got a brow driver's license? They'll let you in. Like at the Panther games. By the way, we don't want no Valerie Buray. Okay. Enough with that crap already. And there's Robert Grippers in it. Well, they gotta pay him anyway. So they figured they might as well get something out of them. They gotta pay his salary. Guess what? He couldn't he couldn't score in what empty net. Okay. From five feet away. Valerie Buray. Never count on a guy named Valerie to win you nothing. I lost a monkey. He's got something to do with it. But that's all. No. Valerie by the monkeys? No, a homophie bars. No. Okay. I know a few bars. Not your kind. WDQAM. I know women. I'll take the tickets. A very important say say that again. I know women. Neos complaining that no women have called. You'll take what tickets? To take if you're talking about. For last night's game? Or you said the 19th. That's yesterday, you're right. Yeah. I just turned the radio on. I'm a little out of the blue. You're a little bit confused. That's okay. We're all confused. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. Oh, we got our woman Connor. All right. I'll take the ticket. We got our leader. I'm a woman. I'll take the tickets. How about a nice slap? Right off the side of the head. Just like just like what's your name? Eve keeps doing it. To Liz on the past that love that. You bitch and she just slapped her of the side and that's great. It's one of the few shows on TV where they keep calling to their bitch and slot in a hole like over and over again. I love it. Excellent. You bitch. You slot you a hole. I love it. In fact, don't we have what's that thing we got? What is it called? You bitch? Is it? Oh, it's called. You bitch? You slot you a hole. Perfect. I don't mean for this last lady. She might be nice, but all that if could have fooled me. She'll take the tickets. And by the way, today is the 19th. Honey, what I said was she didn't get it. She just tuned in. Anybody believe she just tuned in? No, she heard free tickets. I'll take them. I'm talking about a lady who has something to say. A lady who wants to speak to a big radio celebrity who gets driven up to the station in the limousine every day, according to more Howard David. It early should. A big hot shot. A big fat old term, or remaining yours truly. That's what we're looking for. Not somebody who wants something for a free. This town needs a goddamn lobotomy. Needs to take the cure. You got to be a matter of fact the face price on this ticket is what is the price? A dollar. I'm serious. I'm serious. These are one dollar tickets. Those might be our special. Right. Right. How feel reserved which means no's bleed? They're a dollar a dollar. I never heard a such a thing including all tick el taxes. All taxes that pay for the printing. So when you take away the taxes and the printing and how many cents do you think the cost of the ticket really is? And still I can't get away. We can't. For free if we gave you 30 cents would you take tickets to the night's game? No. If we gave you a dollar. If we drove you to the gate. If we picked you up in a limo and we had we had clearance in a backseat giving you a head. No, you still wouldn't know. Oh my god. It's very very sad. So I don't take it personally. I'm not the only one that's having a tough time in this town. WQAM. Good morning. Yes sir. Deal? Yes I am. I'm just kidding the dial here and for the first time I'm listening. Oh you usually carrying on like this with your program? What would mean curing on you? You're so very disrespectful to me. How kind of you disrespectful do you? I just said hello. Using those words and those kids. Those kids. Oh you deaf sir? No I'm not can you speak the language sir is that the problem I hear very very well. Okay so what are you talking about in other ways? Wait wait. So let me say this to you okay? You don't like the show is that what you're saying? No I don't like the way you know. No no no you don't like the program is that what you're talking about. I'm inviting everybody to do now. Okay bye bye. I'm inviting everybody to tune out. Hi I work at a damn tune out right now. See y'all he's inviting everybody to tune out because he doesn't like it. I don't like vanilla ice cream. It's ramen fighting all of you people to throw it out. When it down throw it out. I can feel them tuning out. Oh can you hear the noise? You can hear the knobs man. All over town. Look at that. It's Exodus. They're all hidden for Nav Hill Road. They're pushing their knobs because of the I invite everybody to now. Sir you are a major major asshole. Okay we made you this for example. Yeah. Yeah. No I'm being I'm giving them way to zeros. Major ass and he talks with that story in voice and who do you? I'm doing a radio show. It's entertainment show. You like it fine if not buzz off. Schmuck I guess I don't have radio like this in Jamaica. It wasn't Jamaican. Was it a Caribbean something? Have you know? Oh come on. There you go. Making stereotypes again. Maybe he was like from a flushing. If not he should be himself right down the Turland. Nobody QAM. Right. Send him to do that. It was Johnny Dark. Yeah. Nobody QAM. Amazing. It is amazing. Fuck yourself. 560560 on the 80. I beg your pardon. Caffeine free soda and soda machine. I like confidence what I drink. I want caffeine. Are you need caffeine? I need it. I think the last guy needs some caffeine too. Right up his back though. We're working on it. Palo can in fact. Sir us is going to take that little injected tube and bring it right to your home. And then he's going to. The tube. The tube. The tube. WQAM. Yeah. Yes. Hey. I'm calling because I'm embarrassed to be a chick in the stand. I don't play you. You should be. You should be. I love you. I would never scrub. Take it off you. I just wanted to tell you that not everybody was over his in this town as a dirt bag. Amen. All right. I love you. And some of the women too. Thanks. Bye bye. There's our first real lady. She didn't want no tickets. She wasn't a free loader. She wasn't taking a bunch of cheap shots. Making a bunch of stupid ass comments. She was just a person. You know? And she's really embarrassed to be a chick in this town and she ought to be. Chicken. The chicken in this town. I got to tell you when Moe is on there talking about. Oh, hey, you know when they do the when Ferrell comes in when he begs him to come in with them. They'll let go. Yeah. Most begs for all the coming there because we wouldn't be great together. You know when we get guilty out of here and you and I can do the show together. Yeah. He's trying to cover his hands. What? No. I'm going. Now I lost my train of God when the boy bites Ferrell in for crossover. Yeah. Because they'd be so good together. No, I had something really important. Oh, no. I know what it was. And of course Ferrell is going out about this baby to game in my, my chicken bag at home is, you know, so hot. And then Moe is talking about the pictures. I guess maybe Vlad and Anthony let some pictures from the dual mark show. Oh, yeah. She's really a hot chick. That one is a hot chick. And this one over here. She's really that sick. He doesn't talk about Rax does he? No, I haven't heard him talk about Rax's read it. Oh, Rax. Rax read five six seven. Oh, five six. You got a hostile crowd out there. Today they're really and you know something I understand. I understand you're stuck here. You haven't got two nickels to rub together. It's 100 degrees in the shade. The mosquitoes are the size of God then come quads. And it's just not a very pleasant situation. So I understand why you're miserable. A hostile and hateful. W to Q a m Q a m. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. I'm doing very well. Thank you. You know, does that jack as I call rule while I go. Does these things that perhaps there are some of the listen to you because you are so disrespectful? Right. That's right. Who says I have to respect him. His ass. Exactly. The people who deserve to be just a kind of get-ins respected. It is what it is. I'm inviting everybody to do not. Yeah. Who into this asshole? Right. Who in this asshole? Right. In fact, that's what he did. Okay. Have a great day. Well said. See, there you go. He's not pissed off and fired up. There's a happy camper. He's probably getting out of here in a couple of weeks this guy. That's why he's in such a good mood. Do you think that was a Jamaican man that was called before? Behavior. You know what? He worked with the homies all the time. He's speaking about speaking. Speaking about condescending by the way. Oh my god. I guess I'm not good enough for you, man. That's the problem, man. He could have been printed 80 in front. I don't- He's- You know something no matter where he's from. He's still just an asshole to me. He sounded a little like Alcy. Just another asshole to me. Look for the QM fan for another four minutes. Well, I'm sorry. I apologize to Miguel. I was going to do this at 1230. He's out of there. Don't matter. But he doesn't care. As long as we get the air checks. Okay. This is long as we get the air checks that I give him the plug because we know nobody wants his Marlon to. I mean, I'll take the tickets. I've got a fireplace. I ordered a long-attached burn Marlon tickets into microwave. We have the microwave. We have two- No, you think I'm going to schmutz up my microwave with the paper? We'll put a plate down. No way. No way. No way. Who's a paper plate? No way. Jorge, I'm not messing up with that very nice microwave. Thanks again to my good friend Bob for bringing every refrigerator many years ago. Right? The microwave. I don't remember where did that come from. Another listener. Another listener? Who was? I had an espresso machine like why? Right. All of the stuff in here we got contributed or I paid for it or whatever because it's the beesleas or as cheap as goddamn dirt. That's why we just bought the one. Which is my book of Brian. I can pay for his bits lately. On time. Bye then. Yeah. Now the Clarence is back. I guarantee it once we can separate him into bees. Till straighten those beeslead bastards out. Oh, you, Ian. Boy, it's the one to two hour. Oh, say, can you please load along for your wife and if sadly you feel then she might be left dreaming and the one needs what they're in the faucet. Leaps there. Please do with this bite. It's a drag plus you care. Oh, say don't remember here that you paid them written written for the back. It's played to see. She's your wife, your her slave. That's your dinner. 102560 WMH are gigantic one and two hours bigger than life itself. Although we are very disrespectful is what I'm here. And now what you're here is that the scuttled bottle of the billings. No matter if I got a similar call once upon a time. Did you really? You or me? Me? You're disrespectful too? Absolutely. Well, I'll be goddamn. Sort of the guy said. Yeah, I can dirty. Hey listen. A good news for a during that last break. I made a phone call because Clarence and the beast are had such a good time since Clarence has been back that they're getting hitched. I made a phone call made reservations in Toronto. They're getting married this week. InTO. Wow. Where are they registered? I'll be given the number out. What a lovely couple. Little make. I can just see them during Pride week. Drive it up and down. Bees are gate, Bay Street and church street. Five, six, seven, five, six, the palm. We got a lot of hostile assholes out there because they're stuck here and we understand that. We appreciate that. Don't absolutely. WQAM. I've been I've been listening since 1982. You think I'm going to take that guy's advice? We sure hope not. The answer would be no. No. Hey, the out the out the out the out the little boxes. They're nine bucks a piece and the seats too at the Marlin's name. How do you like that? So those people are always bitching about this is overpriced and that's overpriced. If it's said free on the ticket, they still wouldn't be there. Well, when's the age? Is the by one get one free if you have the son sentinel? Two stay at the home. Is the by one get one free? If you're seeing the guy, you can get free tickets, which is actually where I got mine. Right. That's right. Don't laugh. Hey, the girl over there and the swimming pool, the dinner boy was looking at. She wasn't the one with the red streaks in her hair, was she? No, she had red streaks in her pants. He said. Okay. It's that woman's red streaks in her pants. Have a great day, Pally. See you. Right. Now he he says you were looking at you were just looking at you were doing this in the pool. You were committing some sexual act in the pool, where you all my sexual rumps were at treasure island. I didn't even make it to the Marlin's thing that will be tonight for me. How come the show is almost over now? It's in the one of clock out in that or discovering this? Because I don't know how microphone a friend of me because George is, you know, hogging it. He's hogging it. Right. Hagen da. But that's me tomorrow. What happens at the mortals game? Oh, have some stories. Man, you talk about see you you invented it. Dr. Frankenstein, you invented it. There's the little monster right there. That's creation. Yes, we right. And now just like the monster, it's out of control. Absolutely correct. So you got laid at treasure island. Well, that I mean, or not as a result of being a treasure. We don't have to know exactly where we don't want to detail. I'll be with that under the old man. Order behind you. I do like there walk about soup. You had to help you end up nothing and then walk about soup at the outbound. No, he had a bloomit on you. Now he's was a little on the creamy side. Blumen idiot. Yeah. So anyway, we got some great Marlon tickets for our last night. You know, I feel so bad. No, I don't because these guys are ancels. Why did I say that? I don't know. Now, because first it was Wayne. I don't feel bad for him. He's a schmuck. He killed the Auguste. And then, of course, Wayne John Henry, who's an even bigger putts. A real a lemon. And now we got these guys, Samson and Galadda Lila. And who could feel sorry for them? Nobody. But I mean whoever the marketing people are, they're trying everything. They're trying everything under the sun. They're given away two for one. If you ever ran into Miguel on the street, if you ran him over, whatever. And he still can't get anybody out there. And oh, kid yourself for a while. He's no dummy. He knows he's just looking for a way to get laid out there. He's a person who meet five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty honey. I mean, your your schmuck and I'm just waiting for the day. What is that? The day of enlightenment for him. For out enlightenment about what? When he realizes how feudal this is, the dead horse. No, he, he, he, he, what I just got through saying he knows that you weren't listening. You were a little bit some this morning. He would be for the show. He was in there doing a break. Just shoveling crap down his bus. And he said, he said, well, I know. I've knew that before I got him. I'm waiting for him to be honest about it on his show. He can't, but that would take away his his ability to keep pulling off all these scams. Don't you understand? He's not going to do that. Look, you have to horse up the butt. A dead horse up the wear. WQAM. Hi, Alexie Daniel. Speaking. Neil. Yes, I have a terrible in my hand. Oh, great. Still in there, huh? Maybe deaf can help you out. He knows a good part, challenges five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT. See what I mean about how we move from one to the next. And then we got the retired that guy and then we got this guy that's got the dribble stuck in his ass and can't get it out of his back. Come. Come in to QAM. Neil. Yes, sir. Neil. Speaking. Yeah, Neil. Be careful with George. He's secretly meeting with Ferrell. He knows you're going to retire in a couple of months. A couple of years. Yeah. He wants your job. Yeah. So that's what it is, okay? He can have it. Okay. Bye. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T line WQAM. Hello. Yes. Is this Neil? Yes, it is. Are you in a wind tunnel? I'm on the beach. Oh, my god. When is this blow up a storm? Oh, I'm trying to protect the phone here with my towel. But put your towel anyway. Yes, I can. I thought I'd call you and let you know the wonderful things about South Florida in the summertime. Okay. First of all, the sea is practically empty. And I may be able to lay here without my top on. And I have to worry about anybody. Well, I hope you're either your slathering on at the heavy duty sunscreen. I am. I am. Slever it on there. I am. And then the the restaurant prices are lower. Oh, it's all right. Oh, it's all right for lower. Oh, hey. And I guess it depends on where you live in South Florida. I'm lucky enough to live right on the beach. So I can take advantage of it. So I just thought I'd let you know some of the good stuff about South Florida. Well, I'm delighted that there's a happy camper that makes me feel very good. And besides that, I'm a senior citizen. So I can go to the beach. Okay. For 10 bucks and sit under the air conditioner too. There you go, excellent. I have a good day. Have a wonderful life. Thank you. I like don't spend it all in one place. You notice how we keep coming back to that same, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. I'm just the hur on the beach with her top off. I'm trying to like wash her off. She had her top off. Yes, she did. She's I was must admit that I must feel through that out. I wish I could have. And well, did I say to her covered up with a towel? I thought I said to all man. Oh, man. You could maybe that's what was flagping in the breeze. I told what beach it is that she was on. Yeah, we could we could have issued a warning. Like a like a ripped-eyed warning. Like an oily warning. Like a like a frog warning. And Hollywood Beach. Keller frogs. Friendly but it's not Magnolia. Did you see you? Why do you need that? The Sun Freck. Yeah. Okay. No problem. And then of course you can also. This in case. See you heard that people talk about tough trying to cover up his tracks. Looked as you know what kind of tracks they were. Lucy tracks. In fact, it's the soundtracks. Lovely. In stereo. 10 past one. So we got a nice old lady there on the beach who's a little on the tight side. She don't want to spend nothing for this. Nothing for that. He's a senior citizen now and it's all for free. As she's topless. And she's topless and she'll show you her boobies for free too. It's Bobby with the boobies. Oh, oh yeah, Bobby with the big bouncing boobies. Wouldn't it be a great rock group boobie in a boobies? Bubble boobies. Dilemma, Chris man. All you boobies out there that have been wasting your time and money. Slip it in your department and betting stores. I got a much better idea for it. That is make that one easy called a dialometrist. 1-800 macros. You don't believe how simple our easy it is. It's a piece of cake to pick out the perfect bed in your back. The expert bed in concerns are really nice knowledgeable people of dialometres. The hooky up of exactly what you're looking for. Have you ever got it when a shore may start staring into a house brand that nobody wants. This continued set or a mismatch something that nobody in the world would really want. That you didn't want in the first place. Forget about that. Just sit on your ass there. Make that one easy called a dialometrist because they saw only the best. They saw Seely, served as Simmons tempered, Ignociel's gimmicks, no false promises, no bull crap, no song and a dance, no bait and swish. And they've got the high end beds too like Seely's crown jewel line. And top models from every brand grow and grow and all that everyday low prices. Call them toll free right now in a no time at all that may not come on your door. Take it away. The crappy smelly old bedding for free. And set up your great brand new bed. Also for free. 1-800 macros. 1-800-MATT-RES. And don't forget that company's change policy. The offer is unprecedented. If you're not completely satisfied, though, it's changing with no questions asked. And they give you the opportunity to pick the date, the day and time for delivery whenever it's convenient for you. Like I said, nobody in the world doesn't be so good friends at dialometrist. They're the best. The easy, the smart way to get you a great night sleep for a years and years to come. Call them today 1-800-MATT-RES. 1-800-MATT-RES. And tell them that old deal toward the recall or check them out on the website. If you like at mattress.com. Ain't no need for no service or who cares about the ways. When you spend the whole day now checking out the bays. All the women are staying now with plumped areas. But you love it like I do. Lookin' for TNA. I'm too me and the summer. Each and every day. I'm too me and the summer. I'm too me and the summer. I'm too me and the summer. I'm too me and the summer. I'm too me and the summer. I'm too me and the summer. I'm too me and the summer. I'm too me and the summer. I'm too me and the summer. I'm too me and the summer. I'm too me and the summer. Each and every day. All the at the beach. With my binoculars say. All they get in their life. But what I really create. Don't give a damn about your friend. Lookin' for TNA. Inside outside outside TNA. Inside outside TNA. Inside outside TNA. Inside outside TNA. Inside outside TNA. Inside outside. Who gets a camera to open. Looking for TNA. What's 17 at 5.60. WM happy Thursday too. Mad Dog at 2. The Humphor will be a long briefly. You don't like to work over doing it. Come down. 4 to 6.30. Then we get to Marlon stuff. Marlon's on deck 6.30 night. 7.05. The Metz and the Marlon's last game of notes. Gotta be last game of that series. Who they played a Marlon? Tampa is it the Devil Race tomorrow, do you believe? Yes. Why am I on top of things or what? I'm just really slipping on the sports stuff. Sorry. Oh no. Why won't I want to sit up? I'm going to pop up. Anycant for that baseball stuff. Join Marco overnight 2 to 5 in the morning talking about Pirate Radio. Don't forget about that. Oh, and so yesterday going home. I listened to 95.3 FM. Pirate Radio. Oh, that's. It was, you know, and there was nobody talking. They just were playing music. Oh, the black band was it on the black band. No, no, no, no. That's not the right one. I was going to buy me and Broward. I say. And remember the punk that called and said, uh, huh? And what kind of music were they playing? Uh, like you hear on KPX. I'll turn a difference. Finally, Pirate High had a D. Did you see that the school ratings came out? Yeah. You know, Pirate City had an A. Oh, there for Cooper City. Why? It's because their signal is so bad you can't hear their station anymore. So that's why Pirate High had a D. When KPX had a good signal used to have a good number, right? See? But now that they're a signal on KPX is degenerated. Now it's a D. Speaking of D, D. As ballard, this is the worst piece of news, man. And the, the facts are his right. It says talk about recycling crap. This guy was absolutely awful and you are. That's the one. WTVJNBC6 Center for Media Facial Re appearance newscast starting to lie one. And the viewers can expect to see the same anchor man on corporate sister station, TeleMundo 51WSCV. The TV station said, Jos D. As ballard. Hey, this guy's a little co anchor NBC news. It's 5pm with Jennifer Volapi. Plus continue with job as co anchor of O. E. And El Mundo. That's in El Mundo. TeleMundo is National Mort. When I see him, that's what I say. Oh, hey, it's Jos D. As ballard makes me want to fart. He is brutal. Can't complain about his personality. He's got to have naked pictures. And when they put him on at CBS Morning Show for about five minutes. And I was screaming just, they hurt you. The arrangement allows both organizations to benefit from Mr. D. As ballard's extensive experience in English and Spanish language. Did you know that Jackie Nesparalachize, uh, Juliette? Yeah, I think I did do that. I didn't know that. And boy, she didn't chunky. Yeah, she is really chubby. She must be in all the food now that our friend Kelly Craig ain't even no more. How's Kelly doing? Chunky. Still chunky. Yeah. How's my buddy Bob Weaver doing? She's still on here. Yes, he is. Poor Bob. I don't know. Are you saying Bob Weaver doesn't have any neck that's the beech you're thinking of not Bob Weaver? The as ballard who worked at WTVJ years ago was most recently anchored telemones in Foke. Oh, oh, yeah, in Foke. And back at you, Jose. Back at you, same to you. A monthly public affairs program and coa. Am I pronouncing that right? I know my espionule. And Foke. Oh, I hear something. I think thank you for this facts, whoever said this. You just did me a tremendous service. That's to make a guide. I call before that said I was disrespectful. I guess what. And Foke, you'll man. That's right. What's wrong with that? Nothing. You should hear my brother say focus. Pocus? Uh, anyway, in 1960 as well. It was part of the original team on CBS this morning as a news anchor. It was a flat when over like a goddamn pregnant pool barber. It was also host of against the law on the CBS cable program. I got people on people's and he are against the law. Was he the as ballard? Man, him and at whole family his all is Lincoln the as ballard all is other right wing. Oh, brother Mercury Lincoln the as yeah, Mercury Lincoln. Boy, does he blow at whole family? They're like all, uh, I think you're all in their type with, uh, Elyana Rosanna Dana. Oh, yeah. And Chad. They're all just kind of every now and then they throw like bones at vulnerable. And are they overpass? Open a window from a little something. Absolutely. 300 votes for George W. Bush. It's not a good vote because of which it eases the most statements is the most ridiculous. George W. Bush is a great leader. 300 people said that's the most ridiculous of all these pieces coming in at least 110 people said ridiculous. They said it's. They said it's. Oh, good. George is a great feeling for Neil 104 said who are you kidding? Mo Howard David. It does a great show of 75 votes. Marlins of 91 games 41 41 said it. And five maybe 41 is good. They're going to win. Uh, Claire and our Clarence is moved up a little bit. Nice. Go on, Clarence. Clarence our program director will get laid this year. 21 and for us got a pleasant voice only 19. 670 votes being a boy. That's pretty good. Especially on the day when they're eight nobody here. That's pretty damn good. We're getting heavy response on our website. Where's that new thing I was supposed to look for? There's that's new it's there now. Oh, it is there. Oh, right. Let's hear it. All right. Okay. One moment please. I got to go to my home on the regular homepage. One moment please. Neil Rogers.com. Here comes something new and exciting. Oh, yeah. And I have put you up or what? If you must pray then pray the Neil God. There's my big naked macho picture. You know, you could have saved your pits. No, I was able to have to save my crotch. I can't look like I didn't save my crotch. I saved everything. I saved it right off. Yeah, yeah, I saved that one. I never there was nothing there anyway. Smoothie. You can't see my beautiful vagina. When that's for always talking about. It's covered up by the G. You look like a G. I got to find a G. That's the G-spot. Oh, yeah. Oh, G. He's no fool. He nowhere to stick that. And the letter to gully G. So anyway, there is a beautiful thing. If you must pray then pray to God. Oh, God. I knew a lovely bulked up butch-up picture of yours truly. On-stair on-roids. Well, maybe not steroids. Maybe just hemorrhoids. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And this show is absolutely disrespectful. So what I'm thinking, you know, don't you think? Absolutely. And we're proud of it. W.K.A.M. Yeah, I don't need to speak to Neil. Just all of those. Topless seniors sitting on a beach. Oh, that's one reason. That's one reason. The beach is clear. Oh, no, it's not. Number of enjoy. Who is that? No, it's not. Was that you think there was ribbon Jones? And something like them? Hey, all it on for quick being such a woe of swel year. Let's see, currently it says this fact, there are three specialized lines from Hallmark, Jewish Hispanic and us Darkies. I don't understand the issue with having cards that celebrate individual subcultures. The fallacy of the US is a homogeneous group was a racist notion in tolerant of cultural expressions beyond those of Western Europe. You're absolutely wrong about that TR. Further, there's a market for specialized lines. Does our model of capitalism predict that the niche will be filled? I think it's encouraging that independent groups are actually being serviced by corporate America, although I lament to loss of revenue for all the minority companies who previously filled the void. As for the reverse racism argument that was never likely cards celebrate same package day for the Irish October Festival of the German, April Fool's Day for the Friends, etc. I guess it can all be summed up that if the cards had cross cultural appeal and appearance these specialized lines would fail, their successes a testament to their need, your dark skin, listen to your TR Northmimy. He's got some good points in there, you know it. And like I always say who cares? Here's another, this is also from him. No, this is from somebody else. I think the sunsetament day Hallmark year round product offering. See, this is Brazil with his other guy with sand. cards for traditional occasions like birthday, love wedding anniversary simply and more. Since sediment day Hallmark also addresses his Spanish cultural events like Kencianera, I said it right that time. Just look, I'm not a professional spick like you, okay? So I even like I said it to, even like I make believe one. Kencianera, I said, well, I had the, it was a troll to say it, right? The special celebration of the girl's 50th birthday, and L.D. Del Santo. That's the Jose Santos birthday. Chicken sacrifice in day. And the line also offers cards for a D.A.D. Delo's Reyes. Celebrated January 60, Hispanic Christian Holiday commemorative arrival of three wise men in Bethlehem. Unfortunately, they bailed out. Ah, too soon. So that's it. That's the end of the game. We got sparks of cards and spick cards and juke cards. And if you like this and you like that, something for everybody. Absolutely. Pretty simple. Have the mole line. 26 past one at five, 60 WQM. They bring it to you man. It should be long to the staff known to unload on the mole man. They're not going to do that. But if that ever happens, you got to call me immediately. Let me know if I'm not here. Oh, well, listen, daily. I'll turn it off. Have it blast and so loud. The windows are crash. I want to tell you about something that's really good for you. That you ought to be taken right now today and tomorrow and every day. That's Olio Med. Olio Med soft. Dels are very easy to take you just pop right in your mouth. And they're loaded with all kinds of good stuff for including. Olawor lets the purist and the best you've ever tasted and had. It's not just ordinary olive oil. It's super concentrated. It'll deal with health benefits for you. Olio Med Olio can reproduce the risk of all kinds of bad things like heart disease and high cholesterol. Plus now there are 14 different Olio Med formulas you can choose from. Each one combining the finest olive oil with vitamins and minerals and rules to support specific health needs from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system. How many mollantakes to give away a Miguel whatever your name is? Peter Vigal. Dean of Miguel? How many? He wants it to guess. Uh, and we had it probably none. Probably you anyway. But third man. None. I was right for it seriously. Oh. Just pick out the formulas that are right for you. Now there are three new Olio Med formulas. One is one to help you sleep. One to help you control your weight and suck you 10 for your heart. Pick some up for it. You're shopping today. Pick up Olio Med at public's records. Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Navarrozen, Sedamas, or order it online. Olio Med America.com. For more info, column, toll free at 1-86 Olio Med. That's 1-86-6-5-3-60-6-333 for better health start poppin' Olio Med and you're big PUSS today. You're my and low. This is sports waiting for five, six minutes. You way, yeah. Boring. We have mercilessly taken the following material out of context without endorsement or permission from those depicted. It is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good and decent. Look as ridiculous as possible. We hope we reach that goal. Or at least major laugh. Now showing at an all you could fulfill here you two said. Two two. Tell me you made your out of five, chicken. You better get your sorry minimum wage ass back here and whip up for more. See what happens when a lifetime of older indulgence meets with an under-supply food bar. On plate, I'm only allowed one play for friends. Shut up, shut up, shut up. And bring me a wheelbarrow damage. Two two. Another thing, as he says, is a little... I'm hurt. I'm hurt. I'm hurt. I'm hurt. Two two. How sad are you like it? One, two, three, two, five, sixty, double the cure. So anyway, speak of that movie. Two fast, two furious, two, a full of crap. You know who's in that movie? Nope. Paul Walker. Okay. You know who that is? No. Now what that was the movie he was in. I weren't, weren't he just going again. You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you. I was done. I forgot my, you didn't bring the shame. Like, you made him bring the shame. See, God. Why do I, how's that shame? When I'm guiding like, anyway, Paul Walker was in a movie where he and this, uh, buddy, and these two chips are like, headed for a summer in a highway. And it's none of the one that's crazy. He's talking about. All right, I know he's talking about. The trucker makes them run into the, uh, uh, right restaurant naked. Wait, what's your course to all premises? Look at Chris, but if you have a Tuesday, George Paul Walker naked. That's how I, at the end of that movie. And he is a cute little ass. He's, uh, Paul Walker's pretty interesting guy. See, we got to have some fag talk on here to counter balance, uh, Adam. I'm not talking about for real for else, fine, when I'm messing with him, but Adam is out of my, and the reason I mentioned that about Paul Walker, because he's a lot prettier than Jackie Johnson. And here's the facts to prove it. And I know the, probably this facts are an eye or the only people would have balls to say it because she is like, she's like the Rascal House of Hot Baves, you know? It's just fashionable to say, oh, I got to see the weather. Oh, there's a high fud over my crotch. There's Jackie, you know, that crotch. Well, say this, she doesn't have much of an eye. She didn't look good this morning. Now, maybe it was an off day, maybe the camera angle was bad. Maybe, uh, they weren't shooting through an volume like the facts as you are correct about Jackie Johnson. Monkey face bleached hair and strobot boobs. Honey like that. Two out of three. For example, Sofia Vergara, who's all well back there. I mean, is Jackie Johnson in really? No, no, no. See, not so don't tell me I don't know a beautiful weather. You don't know a beautiful one then when you see one. Hahaha. Okay. I mean, when you tell me that Doreen has got a big rack. Oh, no, that was a frouser. And Joe Costello, by the way, quit talking about Pirate Radio, you jackass. The hen you wore, we got a spire report that you guys were promoting. And addition to which, why would you want to go on and promote 95.3 until what frequencies they're on? At the time, we didn't know it was Pirate Radio. We just heard this crazy black man on the air talking about racist stuff. Right. It was funny. Right. It was way after the fact that we find out that it was Pirate Radio. We heard it. They were infringing on your career to understand that I mean, the busley's have spent a fort, well, like I said, I spent a fortune to build this studio. Yeah. We didn't know it was Pirate at the time. We heard it on like 104 something. It was just was a pretty contiguant. But it was something. I have no idea. But the bottom line is that once we found out it was Pirate Radio, first of all, it disappeared. Second ball, we were vehemently against it. Those guys are criminals. Plastic. Running all that racist crap on the air. Yeah, well, we're not too fond of that here. Oh, we hate that. No way. Absolutely. Five, six out of it. How you and Muggin along the word we're here in is that there's no crossover between you and Mono, Mo. Can that be true? Absolutely. Yeah, that's true. Well, what's the reason for that? Well, he's working on his stuff. You know, he's got that big five o'clock hour to fill and we are usually on a roll. You were his only hope. Huge four clock. You were his only ally. And now you're letting the old man down to. You jump off the bandway. I just find I noticed that I was the least to despise Howard on the right. Well, I suppose they figure you're like a wimp. You're too much of a pussy to tell him the truth. That's not it. That is it. I won't repeat what you said off here. Okay. Which of these statements is the most ridiculous George Zabby Bush's great leader. Three twenty two pieces coming in at least one sixteen. George is a great. Fill in for Neil 105. More Howard David. It does a great show of 78. Absolutely. The Marlins of the 91 games 42. Clarence R. PD will get laid this year. 23 is the most ridiculous statement. And for else, got a pleasant voice. 20. Don't let me forget what we do the little crossover with Scott in the morning. Uh, cause you never mind me anyway. I'll try to remember. His assignment while I'm gone will be to get Florence laid. Right at town. Is there anybody else in this building who's got a better chance? I'm not saying he's got a good chance. I would say to hook him up but hooking him up is that that's not going to be enough. He's practically going to have to be like they're holding his. Plant a hand. You don't talk about that's right. Right at. Right at on the window. Scott, you've got to get Clarence laid man. There you go. He's written it on account or get Clarence laid. That's Scott for else if he can get that then we salute a man. So we tip the head. Now what's what's Joseph's take on for real? What's your take? I haven't met him yet but he's I love him. I'm not talking about personally. Oh, yes. First of all he don't stand still long enough to meet him. Okay. You'll never really meet him. Maybe I see off them. But you know obviously I haven't heard him too much because of the time. But when I heard him fill an end when we first brought him on he's great. I used to listen back in the day when I was a Schlepper. Oh wait I still am. But I still knew that. He's funny. He's hysterical. He's not regic. He's any. Excellent. There you go. What's the deal at the ballpark? He has a great momentum over the. We heard about that. Been over the one. Been over the seats or something. They were all giving her dollars. She was taking her clothes. What happened? Do you know what? I didn't hear that part. Of course, who was going to tell us that part because being a boy, pretended he was there. Me, my, he was getting late after treasure island. So he wasn't there. George missed a golden opportunity to be a ballgame for free. All I know is we got two different callers. And that's an enormous amount for you. That's like a lot. Oh my god. Are you kidding me? That said, they were out there with frail and man. They were the strippers and they were holding up dollars and all of them crazy. And the usher's came over. Lord of Marlins, baseball and strip club. I like it. I think it's great. I was actually kidding. Think about going there. There we go. Let's hear it. Get some bastards out there. By the way, would you like some tickets to give way in your show tonight? For last night's game? Sure. It's just a mall. It's a stress free ballgame. And 10, 5 met you on the final score. You know, the innings when you have to pay attention and wait, I'll leave you a 15 tickets for last night's game. I bet you guys give away. But what I started doing was crossing out the date and writing in. Yes. Oh, they won't notice the difference. No. The room around the building. Yeah. The room around the building is that. Marlins were too happy with. With the with the shenanigans with the shenanigans. Well, but at least we got next to come under people out there. Why do they want it? It's a publicity, right? Right. And we ended and he would been talking Marlin crap for like 100 times more than we ever. Because nobody cares about the baseball team. Quarlin, it's placed by the way. But there what's the now. No, give us a little tease like that. Who is this a valid room or is this just. Oh, as soon as they see me dropping by, they they should. I'm a little bit like. I'll tell me. Who's this day you're talking about? I was passing by by the the promotions office and it was like five or six people in there. Well, let's have some names. Uh, the ring was in there. They're all fan asked the ring was in there. The ring was that she wasn't even the one talking. Oh, she was in her own office. You got a big rank. Other people that I'd pick up truck. And who else? Other people that I didn't know who they were. I don't know if maybe they were from the Marlins or something. And they were the ones talking amongst themselves. Really? So for us only been here like a couple of weeks and he's already created a whole big song to dance. That's beautiful. Throws that. And we agree. Nice God Scott. That is excellent. We like it if he's toers up the crappens to this usual stayed boring crap, you know. That's a problem in this town. They don't realize people if they're going to pay a couple of bucks or make the effort to go somewhere. They want to have a good time. They want to be entertained. Right? They want some excitement. Oh, and by the way, what's that Dan Trail? Willis? Is that his name? Dar Trail? Dan Trail? Remember I saw that thing on the website the other day. I said, who's that? A basketball player? That's that young black pitcher that puts the one hitter for the Marlins on Tuesday. Why didn't you correct me? He's not. He said, oh yeah, right. Why didn't you correct me? I mean, no, you're not going to correct me because you're not, you know, keeping the times as you like you used to. Sorry. 20. It's not very exciting this year. 20 till two like it used to be. Yeah, like it used to be before. I'll start taking off naked babes out there and people start getting laden down doing the old hoochie kuchi. See, when Wayne had the team, they wanted to do the hokey pokey. Now they're doing the hoochie kuchi. And quite frankly, most of our crowd would rather do the hoochie kuchi than the hokey pokey. When you agree, I would. How about more with all great? Absolutely. You know, when you're considering speaking a mode, something to do on top of your head, fill in that ball spot. There are many alternatives you've seen his. You've seen the choices he's made and what was us? That's all I can say. For more than 35 years, Chuck Alphiari has been giving guys a much better alternative. And that is his natural hairline system. It's a patent system that makes you guys look better and younger than the ever dreamed again because it looks for real. Unlike a dead animal, not like some horrendous thing for a lot of the sky, like a frog and Magnolia. And right now Charlie's offering a summer special hair system for only 549 bucks for first time customers. If you're already hammering her system, you can save use 50% on service and repairs on all kinds of systems of going shampoo and trim. So it's a perfect opportunity to give Charlie a try. Charles Alphiari's guaranteed you is. You try one of his her systems for 30 days. If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells the whole deal. And if you're not getting more action, at least then clearance, return it for a full refund. You got nothing to lose, but that ugly shiny reflective ball spot. Charles Alphiari, the benchmark of the industry, can help you really look at a lot better. So pick up that phone and call toll free today. They'll bring in give you a free consultation. They'll really show you just how much better they can make you look. Here's the number 1-800-32124-3214-3214. That's 1-800-32124-3214-3214-3214. Check out their website, CharlesAlphiari.com. Rhyden local, we're sports radio 560-US, UAM. On inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story, she asked, what if God was one of us? And tonight, God has an answer for Joan Osborne. What if God was one of us? Listen, I know what she was getting at. But I found that song a little disrespectful I got to tell you. In his first ever interview with a suck ass low budget basic cable network, God shares his impressions about Joan Osborne song. Sure, you know, there's a little a God in every person, cute idea, but why she wanted to call me a Slob. I'm not a Slob. I take small bites, I chew my food, my apartment is spotless. I made it, if you want to know the truth. By frankly, I was hurt. Not content to label God a Slob. Joan Osborne went on to describe him as a stranger on the bus, trying to make his way home. Now, see, bear again. Use your head, girlfriend. I don't have to travel by bus. I'm an entity! I got nothing against people taking public transportation, but I can materialize for the love of me. I just wish she checked with me. But no, Joan Osborne never thought to check with God before she wrote a song about him. And as she tried to explain to inside the behind. Oh, come on, it's artistic license. I was only trying to hear it. Whoa! Silence! Hip-Hit-Hit! Your... God... Holy sh**! And stop swearing! Be honest! Joan Osborne, why do you think she never had another hit? It's a big juicy, shopping-wet-look at show business. Tonight, uninside the mind. 145 at 5.60WM. So anyway, here's a great fact, mainly for you, George, from Quincy and Miami-Dino Quincy, one of your friends. Dr. Michael Taylor. Tell Ross Klopp, George, say, The boy who called is not a blood clot to make into Ross. Before we get him down, this is a real world selling weed smoking to make and who listen to your show all four hours every day. If George is going to say, sir, I will cut off his drug supply for good, trust me. Bumblecloth, blood clot, Ross Klopp says Quincy and Miami. You know, I'm walking on the street in Toronto one day, and there was these Jamaicans. And I heard a one yellow on the street. Bumblecloth? Yeah, that's me. And I thought she is George here. Bumblecloth says he's sorry. I said he might have been a behavior or a trend of dating. Bumblecloth says he's sorry. He sounded like Halcyon. Sound like an asshole to me. Absolutely. Right. Halcyon? What is that? What is that? Why did you say that? He sounded like a twin of dating, possibly. Well, whatever he was ill, that doesn't make any difference. He's a schmuck. We don't care where he has to show his passport. And his goddamn visa in the master cart. He was a schmuck. He could have been from Tobago. I urge everybody to know, to know. There, to know, it's good on the goddamn banana boat and go back and see Chiquita. Go saw some baseballs. 560 pound, 560 on the AT&T of Verizon wireless line. You'll notice Sammy Sosa comes back last night. It's a 464-home run. Without cork in the bat. Although I heard the man dog talking about yesterday. The fact that Sammy and right away some other people jumped on somebody else started it. They were picking on him because he's Hispanic. And of course, a black Hispanic. That's the reason they made a big sum of sub-out to cork. Now, pay rod. And even was it, Russ, Russ made a good point. When they called before this cork thing happened, and they was the best player in baseball. And everybody had loved him and admired him. Were they doing saying that because he was Hispanic? And how about pay rod with his 25 million year? Are they paying them out because he's Hispanic? I mean, all you professional ethics out there, cool it. Absolutely. Right, cut the crap. It's a racist thing. WQAM. Hello. Yes, man. One meal. Speaking. This is meal. Yes, it is. Uh, a meal. You know that guy for real? Yeah. Yeah. He sounds like froggy from our gang. It is. That's him. That's him. That's froggy. He sounds kind of cute. He is cute. He's lovely. Yeah. And you know, you know that show Bill, uh, Russ, I mean, uh, Bill Ross. It's a commentator. Bill Ross. William, I don't know. William Ross. William Ross. William Ross. William Ross. William Ross. William Ross. William Ross. William Ross. William Ross. Ross. No. No. Ross. It's a TV guy. What about him? Spencer Ross. Ross. He had a TV act. I mean, a movie act. What about him? He had a movie act. Called Brian Cox. Yeah. And I was wondering if anybody has seen any of his movies. I sure hope not. No. Now he looks very interesting. Brian Cox. Not the football player. The actor. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Well, we'll find out. Have a great day. Sweet. Okay. Bye. Say hi to Ross. What the hell was she talking about Ross? Five. Bumble Ross. And that is absolutely. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Pound five, sixty on the AT&T. You know, I want to say something right now. I'm going to go off on a speel. And, you know, if you don't like it too bad. It's a great thing that this particular week that I'm here. Because the atmosphere, I'm going to chance to sample the atmosphere. The atmosphere in this building. That last time I was here, which wasn't that long ago, a couple of months. We were still doing nine to one. We were still following Moan Goldie. We still have this nasty, hostile environment in the hallways. People were rated like stab each other. Not only in the back, but like right then in the heart. And it was like this. Everybody walking on eggshells up and down a hall. Like tiptoeing around like, oops. I hope this was not out there. Oops. You know. Now that the old man is out of here, drag it is a very close vein. It's a classroom bag down the elevator with 8 in the A.M. And now we got Feral in there. Not only is he a hoot on the year. We have a lot of fun. But the whole environment in this building is like a day and night. Right and day. Okay, Mo. You said. I hate to break the news to you, Mo. But you cast a dark cloud over this established room. No question about it. It's like the good old days. That's right. And like it was a IoT. Well, good. In fact, even better than when we had the first team. I mean, they were okay. They'd hang out in the hall a little bit. But we never had to kind of a feeling when they were here even a party at the sphere. We have a party atmosphere here. And of course the Marlins don't want a party atmosphere evidently. Well, not that kind of party. Well, why not? Because there's little kids out there. They want like little kids get out there right and raped in the pool. It's a family affair by Bonerboy. See, why didn't you tell us the story that you weren't even at the game last night? Why didn't you just say that? And don't tell me you were. I saw you before the show. Why didn't you say that? Yeah. How you did? You never told me that. Oh boy, see? See what all those drugs will do to you. Let it look. I think he's losing. I'm so moved. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty. So welcome, Scott. Welcome. We love you. Even if he'd do eat like a slob and even if you create some of. See, he was trying to do a good thing out there. Right. And then they're going to have to understand if he's going to publicize. People aren't just going to come out there because he says, Oh, come out. Watch the volume. They don't want to see no game. No, no. I mean, it became as a shot. It's a shot to some of those clowns out there. But I am a little bit of a little bit of a little. Correct. When I say that, they're not going to do that. But if they feel like go out there and maybe like, you know, little grab ass little party, maybe a little bit of. You know, few green lizards, purple lizards, 20 or 30, 40 beers. Then maybe they'll have a good time. And they did. I bet you know, those people are complaining. I haven't heard. Just the stuff church in that organization. Evidently, and this is only based on a room with a beiner boy in the morning. By the way, keep that in mind. I do my own personal disclaimer there in George's well. Beiner boy is the one who came in, grabbed the mic and started breathlessly and toning into a rava. I'm a bit of a bad idea. I never really upset. Then he say that. What? Absolutely. Hey, if you're an a dead end job man, maybe college is too expensive. Maybe it takes too long. You don't have the time. If you can afford only 10 bucks a month and commit yourself three nights a week for four months, fast cranking up you achieve your new high-paying computer career. Absolutely correct. Like I said, it is absolutely correct. Just 10 bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify. So call fast rain, get your life on a roll, get it moving. Call them toll free at 1-8-6 fast train with four locations in town is bound to be one nearby you. Call them at 1-8-6 fast train talk with a train career counselor and keep in mind that fast rain off is your day, evening weekend schedules, job placement, hands on training. So call them a day and get your life out of that rut and get on the attractor real job at a big fat paycheck. And all three options are for payment specialist and have home to microapport site, you have to organize your own free papers on application from residence. festio. function. Programme I urge everyone to complain to the station. Run on! We take you now to a small watering hole outside Chapacua, New York. It's just another day at Tiny's Place. Fast things going in Mikey. Same old craft. You keep still care for him a job? He's not out there. Boo! Hi, it's Dylan, our follows. Hey, what do you have there? Give me the usual. I get the president of Zima. Are you on there, Mikey? I got no job. Oh, same old craft. Same old craft. Tell me about me. I want a week out of having you. Put the buck out. Yeah, red so many excerpts here. Hey, tell me something. What, Zoddy? Did you really cry like a baby when you told her about the monocle and whiskey thing? It wasn't an action. How we do it? You go home, you're doing whatever you can. You're trying to hide it a little bit. I did crack a dial, tears. Hey, I don't know what to say. You're a hero. How do you know? How do you get her off? Make a hero. Let the president alone. I told you, no more hanging on me. I did you once. Now that was a fight. I just moved. No, I can't get you a drink. I can't get you a drink. This has to go. Look at away from me, okay? Just be quiet over there. Oh, cry. Stop crying. I said don't cry. Don't make me come over there. Where's my Zima, man? Come on. Get the president to Zima. Mikey, you don't read this crap, right? No pay any tension in this book. Love book. Good man. I love Mike. He's a bit of an idiot, but I like him. Hey. Get your blueberries going off. You're blueberry is going off. Blackberry. But my page, you're way more, let me see. Wow. Kim Petrell. I'll give her the Cyclops. Yeah. Oh, hey. Did you say Kim Petrell? Yeah, yeah. Did you say Cyclops? Oh, yes I did. I got it. I got it. I got it. Oh, hold on. Blackberries don't. Oh, oh. Marty post. Wait a minute. I got it. I got it. I got it. Oh, I got it. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Let's see. Take your over. Oh, where are clothes? Hey, hey, hey. There. What? I'm not going to say again. I'm going to drink. I'm going to drink. I'm going to drink. Just out. Jesus. I guess I can kill there. Hey. What happens in Tani's place? Stays in Tani's place. Oh, yeah. Bring your man to the table. Stop the name. On 58 is by 60. How many of you? I am. We got the mad dog coming up nice. Oh, right. The Humperate Fourth. What is it? Four 15 to four 30? Well, his share show keeps him a little bit shorter. He keeps making more money. That's what we're aiming for. Ten to two is good. But tender like a lot of them 30 would be even better. Would it be a power pack 15 minutes or one? Who would you QAM? Yes sir. They need to know. Yes. I'm welcome back. Yeah. And then closing. Pop goes the reason. Who would you QAM? Yeah. Speaking. Yes. You got a great show. Oh. Who would you QAM? Yeah. I'm talking mail. Speaking. Yes. Neil, you got a great show. Okay, well, thanks. Wasn't that Mo? Absolutely. It's not a like him. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. WQAM. Ah. Ah. WQAM. Oh. WQAM. Oh, yeah. Let me come to George. I want to give him this group a last night. I'm going to burn. I want to talk to George. About last night. Well, what can we talk about on the air? Is it too a perverted? Yep. Because this is that guy. It's what guy? No. No, it's not. I got this group. You got the scoop on last night, but we can't say it on the air. No. Okay, hold on. Well, see if it's that guy. Maybe he's got the inside story about the, uh, orgy the head last night of the morning game. Now, it's interesting. I didn't see anything in the sunseller to hear all about that, did you? No. Because they probably would have to give us some free publicity. God forbid, you know? God forbid, that should have happened. Just like the Joe Rose call on a Mosheau on Saturday, any other market. Geneva, New York. If that would have happened on a radio station in Gen N W G V A, there would have been a blurb into paper about that. How about a major blowup between two major personalities on the station? Anybody been anything about that here? No. Time's your can of anything? No. Kevin, backster, bacon, what a hell of a name in it. No. I rest my case. Fine way. The most ridiculous statement of the mall George W Bush is a great leader. 342. They don't like your Georgie. Peace is coming to the Middle East 127. George is a great villain for Neil 108. More Howard David and does a great Joe 87. The Marlins of W 9143. Clarence R. PD will get laid this year 24. And for Ralph's got a pleasant voice. 20 vote. Bye bye. The new watch is show unclassical new to the end. May I be 14 more days. Hi, Paulie. Absolutely.