To get it on! Then I mentioned how the records are made for an asshole. No! Huts! He's a singer-pointer, Skate-coater. A man of B3, A free-fra, B. Do you like it? No. I besquied the ground he's now. There's something rack sneaking out my jeans. I find him repulsive nausea. And he's going to lay on a chef. Or I turn around, Everyone who's gone. Is it great to be back at South Florida's The Meat and Green with all our sales holding a great name? No. All I can say is be, You know, I need something in the straw. They ran a fast, When they smell the gas, I think I'm gonna cut one again. Huh? They're built to their knees When I cut the cheese But I just couldn't hold it in. Ah! Every time that I am I feel It smells like I'm driving a fool to feel Everybody is ill And I've got a time to kill And I'm instincting in the forest with Everybody is ill And I've got time to kill Huh? And I'm instincting in the forest with Is that name where like Margarita Bell anything? That's gonna be perfect. Why? He gives me the willys. It's hamstered out on a real negative note. I was in a great mood when I got here this morning, But then the salespeople, I'll start in Marching in one by one Even like Tuesdays by Tuesdays, Side by each. And boy, one of those salespeople, Make sure those salespeople get the Taking care of by the end of the day, That's your assignment. Call Luca Brazzi And make sure that the entire works Except for Adam and Skippy, he can't help himself But other than that, get rid of all of them Look at this smile on his face, boy He would cheer like to win it I don't want to outtodd Dreck for being a fingerpoint. I can't stand people that Find scapegoats, okay? And then PD Lenny See, I don't want to out anybody But I will. Today's the day that we're ripping their ass Yesterday they're all in here picking on my Good friend Mo and here ripping his ratings So he had a bad book, okay? He's not going anywhere. Mo and guilty are good close personal friends. Are they going anywhere? No. So then in December we had that, Ethnic adjustment by arbitrans who looked like December we had a really bad month when and truth We didn't have a bad month at all. We would have had gigantic numbers, Not that the audience cares, But you know, we did okay anyway on the show. They were kind of weak, but But now seriously, This business of like, Stabbing and stabbing and stabbing, That's where it all begins and ends with the sales department. And those of us here on the air, The air town that we got us together right now. Well, some of us. PD Lenny who says that if you just get some decent numbers during a summer, He maybe could sell the show during a summer time. And then he brings you that food. Brace it a food suck it around to your face, okay? Finds you human, he finds you like I find Todd Dreck, Humanly unacceptable. The I'm telling you right now. And he brings it. In fact, I was like I said TV before to show. I'd have little Carlos in there. Sample those wings before you bite into one. I'm telling you right now, But you're a little more dispensible Carlos. We need George around unless you want to fill on the show. Let's try it. Maybe we'll have Carlos do the show tomorrow. He does good. George is out. Just the way it works in this business. Now seriously, he brings it all that to festival. So but anyway, Forget about PD Lenny. He's small potatoes. He's going to be looked this weekend with Paul Casternova and young Ron. Oh, wouldn't that be interesting? Oh, you know, He was upset about I think the fact that I mentioned those naked pictures of Casternova has of him humping a fat boy in hallway. He was very disturbed about that. What, you don't believe me? Maybe if we talk real nice about Paul and young Ron, they'll send us copies. But at any rate, you look first. I don't want to see that. So Todd's red comes in here who I've been telling you for a long time on his show. He's an asshole. All right. Don't you despise people like that. They're always, especially when they finger point at nice people. Right. I want to say this about Jim, which I don't know her very well, but she's like our copy lady. She's the closest thing we have to a copy lady, which we don't have a copy person in this running. But she's as close as possible. No copy like commercial copy. She's a lady like sweet person with a, She's, she happens to be large. I mean, she happens to be very large, but this is a building with loaded with very large people. Just because people are fat doesn't make them necessarily bad. People like to beast. We love the beast. He's a lot of fun. Look at the fun. You know something yesterday at one o'clock. No, sir, that weekend, I was like the first time in a long time. That much fun on this radio station. That's one of the problems with this station. Is it, it hasn't become fun anymore. Wonderful. Here we have some, there was some periods of time, one or two moments in five years. No, we've had some fun here. But in these people take all this too seriously. And the beast is on there doing the updates before the mad dog comes on. And George goes in there and he's like squatting on his face and doing all kinds of things. I can't mention it on here. And then I just happened to find that big black dildo that what's his name left in here. And I go in there while he's trying to finish his update. And he just completely loses it. I thought he was going to die. This is big fat head down on that table, which you notice, managed to kind of jumped about two feet when that head hits the table. Man, when you got ahead that big, like your earth moved. And he just completely did that. It was like a beat, like a gigantic runaway beat. That's what his head looked like laying there on that counter. When he saw that black runaway dildo. And some we had a little time, a little fun. He cracked up a little bit. Mad dog lasted about a little bit of fun there, you know? Fons over. Pay back to bitch. When I grabbed this bomb, I'm sorry I got sidetracked. But anyway, well, we've heard that before. I figured who's worth hearing it again, you know? Todd Dreckling. You know, in fact, I go on a year every time I'm forced to try to do a commercial spot for us, which somebody has paid very serious bucks for on this station, okay? Somebody's getting snookered into paying some serious bucks. And we have to keep faking your way through it because Todd Dreck refuses an act of defiance. He refuses to provide copy for the air talent, then something's wrong somewhere. So who does he blame this morning? Why we didn't have the correct, and we still don't have to write copy for fast rain? Why? Because it's Jen's fault now. And his comet being, well, she's not here yet. She's probably out eating donuts. I'm going to tell you something. Now, ordinarily, I wouldn't repeat that on your cousin's a very unkind. It's a nasty comet. But because of the fact that I would like to demonstrate to the world what a two-foot piece of crap we're talking about, which is why we call him Todd Dreck. He's an asshole. He certainly lives up to that name in every respect. He is like I said, on a human level, or Mr. Eagle would say on a visceral level, he's unacceptable. We don't, in fact, from this moment on, we don't dig the vahem with a response. We don't recognize him. He's like red China used to be. We don't recognize him. We don't acknowledge his existence. I was in the middle of warning Carlos, not to have any conversation with him. Because that's what he will do. Oh my god, you stick to your problems with the error called your computer nerds. Okay, you keep fighting it out with him. And as if to prove my point, he busts out with that. Oh, a lady starts going into a thing when I threw that colleague on a thing and I say, Oh, something I'll tell you in the real story about that. I don't tell me anything, Todd. In fact, you know how I'm always bitching about what we ever see. I don't want to see him. I don't ever want to see him again with that. What do you call those shirts with a white collar? I don't want to see him again. I don't want to hurt that one out with Herbert Hoover. I mean, I may not be the happiest dresser even in this room. Oh, and I only want to in here. But the fact of the matter is he's just ludicrous. And somebody in his position who's supposed to be representing this radio station, can't afford to look ridiculous. When we're setting out fashion plates like fat boy, leather-puss PD Lenny, you know what I'm saying? You know, Jen has the deal with them constantly all day long. And it's just for that, we give her lots of brownie points for that. Have to put up with that crap. We have a call from a lady I can't believe that lady in Miami. Hello? Hello? Yes, man. I am a first-time caller. Great. I just, yeah, I did have a question. What's up with this Miami-Herald sports rider down with the blue tarp? You can never make them happy. Stand up, next? Yeah, because that thing's already that, that it makes no sense. Miami guy. I've been Rodriguez and for what we've been doing. We've been doing two players, but they won't do that. Yeah. Why are you a Marlon fan? Ah, pretty much, yeah. Well, you're the one. Okay, well listen, hang on. We'll give you some season tickets. Not, not sure. I mean, we're not going to talk about the Marlon's. Are you people out of your mind? She must have been one of those 45 people that really weren't intended to pay for tickets to the Panther game last night. Boy, that was a wolf will turn out to see the best team in the league. Although, I will say this if you didn't show up probably good decision because it was a wolf will excuse for a game. It was pathetic. tragic. I don't want to start picking up my good friends over there to macaroon. But since I'm the only one, I'd try to put them on the straight Neuro Path because I do care. Let me give you two pieces of advice. Number one, don't have some little 10 year old girl reading the starting line up for the visiting team. It makes us look so bush league. You have to all start game coming in a few days. You don't want all these people from our world to realize how bush league we really are. That's it. Starting on defense for the Ottawa Senators. Number six. Wade. What's up with them? How would you pronounce our ADDEN? Redden? Ah, very good George. Wayne Redden. Number 18. Marayan. Hose. Hose. Mary and Hose have become Mariah. I thought she was going to say Mariah scary. Come on. Yeah, I mean, it's so demeaning to the visiting team. Number one, she can't pronounce any name which at least the PI grads a few of them right. And number two, the icing at place. You can't complain about the icing at a way we don't have any. They might, you know, pretty soon they're going to have to start playing the Panther games on lower skates instead of ice skates. Follow the bouncing puck. But I mean, but I'm, and so every game, the generates into like a total exercise and futility, which may be good. Maybe that's one of the reasons that they're so close to the lot of these games against superior teams like Ottawa last night. But I mean, you know, when you go to a game, you want to see people play at their best. When you go to see, you know, great teams. And we got a young, fast team here too, but you'll never see any speed from them on an ice because the ice is the worst anywhere. Maybe they're one of the temperature in that place under the ice about 31 degrees. Just to conserve cash or something. You know, Alan Cohen, you can point to finger at this one and that one. The fact that it matters, you bought that franchise with good intentions, but so far I haven't seen an awful lot. You made a lot of mistakes. You left your theory in there. A grotesque mistake. I don't know, but he knows what he cares about this, but I do. And if you can't even do something about the quality of the ice, that it's, it's, it's a disgrace. It's an absolutely disgrace. So I know, nobody else talks about it. Beats me, I guess nobody cares. And you could see by the number of really paid people in our last night, nobody cares. I mean, that was just, I mean, the sit there and continue through most of the every game. So, well, this is just awful. This is where we're like the Bruins game. And the reason being that they need roller skates, not ice skates. How would you like to try to go up, what to put ice skates on, and skate in mud, for example. Try it. Try it. How about going out like to, uh, a lake somewhere and put on ice skates and try to skate on a, uh, un-frozen lake. Try that to, I'm un-frozen pond with Henry Fonda. You know, I'm getting worked up here today, which is good. Because I don't give a flying fart anymore about some of this stuff. I'm getting really pissed off and fired up. Because it's so schlock, so schlock. How about beer? Now it depends for the final percentages. I mean, come on. Put on a professional performance there. Not like some kind of amateur hour bull crap with some little girl there. Butchering every name. You're with a visiting team and you hear that. You think boy, I'm looking up in the stands. There's nobody here. You think, what kind of a horseball place is this? And which is pretty accurate. Horseball, what do we play that? We got horseballs. That's for lunch. Twelve minutes after nine, if five, 60 WQ, I'm, I guess what? It's the 25th anniversary for Brandy's this year. The number 25. Any independent family shoe store that's been around for nearly a quarter of a century has got to be doing a lot of things right. Like offering a fantastic selection of men's and women's famous brand names. Rockport's Echo, Mephisto, Timberland, Parks, SAS, Floor Shaman, lots more. And by the way, Jen, if you're eating our crispy cream, bring us some back. They got the wide range of sizes of Brandy's men's 6 to 15 women's 5 to 12 and woods from very narrow to the very wide. And don't forget their professional sales staff. You pick out the right styles and then sit your ass down and fit those shoes to your individual feet, which is what we call real serious service. And with over 40,000 pair of shoes in stock in their gigantic humongous 8,000 square foot mega store, you're almost never here from Brandy's. Sorry, Mr. We don't have your size in that shoe. So when you need shoes get into Brandy's shoes, there's always a sale of special promotion. Brandy's a great, great place to shop for shoes you'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pabito Beach over 99 to 9 Sunday, 10 to 5. And right now it's a great time to buy rigorous boat shoes, values of up to 100 bucks on sale for only 4990 this week at Brandy's in Pampino Beach. You're my and more. This is for 20 or 5.6 million. You weigh in. People are ISOs. You're... Even Fricky Tommy said, Conrex an asshole, how do you like that? We all agree on that. American Idol. It's back on TV. American Idol. Who's it going on free? We're gonna find out who can sing. And it will hear something that's the things. Here's a chance of life on fame like a kettitchick and watch his thing. Hey voters. Here's the deal. American Idol. It's season 10. American Idol. Two days away. American Idol. You're the sure can't reach. Simon Cowell isn't evil chap. The other two smaller give a hill a snap. Ryan's secret is all alone. Now this thing's in dunkle in home. Brandy's chance is still on board. Some of the other my girls. American Idol. You're right now in school. How's your will is? You're the only have to. And if you're no middle get up now, go go. I'm gonna watch you Simon. But I don't like you Simon. Bye. I need to see you. I'm 18 at 5. 60. I'm 18 at 5. 60. I'm 18 at 5. 60. I'm 18 at 5. 60. I'm 18 at 5. 60. 60. I'm 18 at 5. 60. 60. 60. 60. What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What could you say what the hell was about? About mobile. Yeah, cast your own guess what? Pick it on mobile. Ain't got to get the job done. Because we're gonna start signing with mobile just just to show you how much we dislike you cast and over. And pity you, Liny. Maybe the 2 of them can loop. Seriously. I mean, you we got a full core press which I find objectionable. We got somebody who works on our sales department who is supposed to be selling our morning show and instead of giving some support to mobile and guilty, what's he doing? with the enemy who works for cheap channel. We hate like poison. Don't we hate them like poison? Yes, yeah exactly. We'd like to sick a wicked serpent on David Ross' ass. And Pete pulls you especially and also run a think wolf. Underline the think part. As in rat prank. But a disgrace. Cast her Nova making comments about how her David did. And in fact I say I'm going to go to Greg right after the show they say let's sign mode to what 20 year contract. Just out of spite. No seriously. I mean it's being a little optimistic in his case. But just out of spite to cast your Nova. You know what's wrong with him? He's stupid. Right. Exactly. I could have said a bit of myself. No. Seriously. He's making me start. I know it's saying a lot. And maybe I'm exaggerating just a little bit. Because if I have to choose between cast your Nova and the Mulman, I'll take the Mulman any day. That's right. No contest. No contest. In spite of all the crap that's gone down in this last year. It's quite of all of us trying to get people to have it. Let's get fired. It's and bad things happen to us. And spite of that. Which I would shoot. In fact I'd like to see Todd Dreck and Paul Castron over E-Lope. I think would be good. What do you just what do you have that confused look on your face? I find him to be personally objectionable. You talk about a guy that's like living on he's like the rascal house of radio. If he was like on on this station which you know as spires desperately to be what kind of number do you think he'd have on this station? Let me give you a clue. It looks like a Rikaze ass. Paul. Okay. What are you doing now? Put this thing on. I'm getting all worked up in here. He's not paying any attention to any of his comments. I heard everywhere. The heat is in this room and it's smoking. The walls are like getting ready to peel from the heat. Linda Blair's head is spinning around. I think it's coming off your head. You don't worry about what's on my head. Okay. We know what's on yours. Here. Anyway, here's the result yesterday's pull. I'm gonna continue with this. I'm starting to think I got a new deal here for the nine to ten hour. I'm not gonna take any more calls. We took that one call. I might have a punch right. He even know who punch is. I've been nobody calls him Ivan. It was Ivan the terrible and this is which punch has got a few injuries. Which is what nobody else wanted to sign a money? I love punch Rodriguez. How about a ball player? Although he's got a big ass. Right? How'd you like to sit next to him in coach? I'm sure you don't fly coach with his money. But anyway, he's got a huge ass. Which we don't care about. But why how about that Andy Roddick? Oh, no. Nice going Andy sweetheart. We love Andy Roddick on his show. Hank, you've been met him one time. I'm close and personal. Got to shake his hand. How long that man's go about 25 hours? Nice going Andy. We love you sweetheart. Anyway, what does I just saying about the punch? No, no, the nine to ten hour was saying. See there. We got too much going on. Let's slow it down a little bit. And I see the after effect of all the sugar everything last few days. I had nothing so far today, but it's still in my system. It's like a drug. It is a drug. Right. A stimulant that gets you all well. I feel like your room is spinning around. Let's get some of those little greasy burgers in here. Come on Carlos, go out there and see what's on a table. Are you serious? I wouldn't I just say you have your chicken wings there. Do you have your wings? Yeah, I got my wings. Good. When you stick with your wings, okay, I don't eat chicken wings. I just greasy, nasty, a lot of the worst. I mean, they may taste delicious, which quite frankly, I don't think so. Although I'd like to speak with greasy and nasty. What are the things I like in the abluch eat? Oh, the poppers. Oh, yeah. Deep fried. Deep fried poppers. Bad for you. Sure. Bad for you. No, what we don't care if it's bad for you. We're not going to start lecturing because we're all a bunch of slabs on this show anyway. Some of us are fat slabs like me and a whole bunch of others here. And some of us are not so fat, but still slabs, which is why some of us don't come to work. To if you're the general manager, you come to work at a nice suit like Greg does every day. Right. Even he's got a terrible haircut. But you come in and if you're like a one of the sales managers or something like that like John Jarris, they come to work in a suit or if you're like hanging out of your job like, right, Perry, you come to work in a suit, right? Right. And you're right around telling people, oh gee, now that there's another sports station, it's going to expand that sports audience. You know, it's going to bring more people to bring more people to sports. If we have like 15 radio stations where they talk about baseball cards all day, that's going to bring more people to baseball cards. Hey, race. Stick to the tickets. We like you. You're a good guy, but you know, we'll be seeing you one of these days at your farewell party. And he's a good guy. But, but, so I'm pretty, but he's on pretty. Because it's a guy named Radio Show. It's not a television show. It's not some kind of a plastic place where we're supposed to come in here and try to like walk around and put on put some mono over somebody's ass, right? Right. And believe me, when I look at the way some of the other people who's building our dressed and I say to myself, God, almighty, I feel like a fashion plate. Not to mention fat boy, for example. It doesn't matter what they wear some of those people. Or a little Carlos, and by the way, can we have explained to the audience? I blame you guys. You should have the pictures on a website. There are. I want there used to be. You have the two Carlos on your side by each. Forget about me. They seem enough of me. Okay. By the way, thanks to my friend of the hockey team last night who came by and said, you must absolutely nothing while you were gone. They all verify what I said to that schmuck who says, oh, you were drawn or the ratings go down? No. When it claims that I have no idea what's going on when I'm to run with that asshole who's trying to make a point where I think his Pete Bulliers boyfriend. But anyway, everybody tells me, I'm just nothing. Which is true. Although it is good that I was here for that game last night, because I could tell them the ice is unacceptable. It's unacceptable. And if you're trying to slow down the other good teams in league, all you're doing is making for real crap against the watch, which is why a lot of the reasons why nobody's showing up. If I was like a diet that I'm well-fanned and didn't want to see Marty have let up post and personal last night, which I did. I mean, I would have gotten up and walked out in the middle of the first period. Was that bad? No, let me ask you, how many of those do I need Carlos? I don't eat without cheese. Okay. I like the ones that are safe with the cheese. I mean, this business is talking about people stuffing their face with donuts. Oh, these are cold. They got to be nooked. About 16 seconds will do. I'll take care of it during the break. That's it. I'm coming in here knocking, Jim. That's just it just turns my whole day upside down. For Hitler's anywhere. He didn't be happy. He's like the popcorn, the kettle, purple, and pink. We're polka dots. But for him to be knocking a nice person just because he happens to be a little on the chubby side. Uh, well, what would it have been? He knocks everybody. He's a piece of Dreck. Todd. Dreck, comma, Todd. Look it up into book. And I start to think that maybe every day between on it, and I'm just going to sit here and let's just let it all out. Forget the calls between it. If this is what they want, if they want 9 to 1, let's make this 9 to 10 hour to something different. 10 to 1, Neil, consider and beg for calls. I don't need anybody to think I'm a peggeregg reggae. Jesus, lady. We find again, a lady called her to start to show it. I was all excited. Just like yesterday, you put that dog lady on again. Man, oh man, even little Carlissel, and there was pissed off about they said, you let George your continued working when you just thought to you like that? Oh, that I can't ever put her on again. He's sucking for your job. I watched your back. That's already. Look, he can't even keep a straight face. laughing his ass off little Carlissel, already 20 skewers back. He's one of those people. He'll take anybody's job. He didn't care. He needs the cash. Badly. desperately. For maybe that makeover. And if you get that stupid thing out of your eyebrow, there are people wouldn't be talking. So that's what we, uh, that's changing it off. That's ridiculous. We'll get back to that Carlos freaky here. Not so freaky. I want their pictures on a website so that we side by each. Which one of these do you think is really freaky, Carlos? I think you need to take that picture. He wants to end still for me. That's what PDLan said about Fat Boy, but it worked out in the end. 27 past nine at five 60 W to come. Hey, if you're sleeping in bad shape, maybe you're alone with somebody with your blow up towel and just not getting a good night sleep every night. You know what you need? You need to new mattress, dummy. That's it. It's the mattress. And that what Bubba said. It's the mattress dummy. And he ought to know. Get yourself a great night sleep every night by Carl and 1 800 mattress, MATT RES and dial a mattress are good friends there. We'll have you sleep like a baby all year long. Just like I do with my great dial a mattress. I've been using these people for quite a while now. And how George is using them, Miguel is using the Galgah his mattress for free, which you folks won't. But I think Miguel made some kind of a deal with somebody over there. I know what it is. And of course, as far as delivery is concerned, you get to choose the date and time that they show up whenever it's convenient for you. And as far as quality is concerned, dial a mattress is always unbeatable. It carries ceiling, sort of, Simmons can't coil every size and style exactly what you want us in stock and ready for practical media delivery. So forget about wasting your time and cash and those vetting and department stores. Forget about slept in all over town waiting expensive guests. Make one easy call and get you a great night sleep for years to come. 1 800 mattress, MATT RES for dial a mattress and be sure and tell them that Jeff Hi told you to call. My and local year sports radio 560s you and Julia. And now it's time for leave it to Asi. Starring Barbara Billingsley as June Cleaver. Cuba mod as Ward Cleaver and the irrepressible Asia's born as the Oz. Oh good morning, Asi. Oh, f*** you, Mom. Oh dear, I can see someone woke up on the wrong side of the van. Oh, good buddy. Oh, I'm just a little bit of a shatter. Starring. Who's Sharon? Is that one of your friends from school? Good morning, Asi. I'm f***ing you to get out of my fight. Now Asi, let's no wait. I talked to your father. Say, son, what have you got planned for today? Or you may whatever I got planned for today. What? No, that was just one of the prints of dogners after hand out of f***ing our channel. I'm gonna go fight the head of a boss at any hospital. How's that? You have fun now, okay? I think. Yeah, sure. Well, girl f***ing so. We hope you enjoyed this episode of Leave It to Asi. Toon in next week when you hear Asi say f***ing out of here. 93. Get out of here, Asi. I don't know what this big deal is with him. Okay, talk about old trolls. Old news. 93. Three of five 60 WQM. It's a Thursday. We got a big galina up here today. We got the mad dog of one heck at the Super Bowl in San Diego 3-7. Herkkun hotline from the HECC center 7-8. The big bow. Or line of balls to Gary 8-10, Eddie K from G-8-10, the two Joe Markov 9. A pristine schedule because there's no ball games today. Maybe we could plan old Marlon game again tonight. But the very exciting. What tells the guys name that does the games? Oh, Dave Van Boring. Well, no, you know the way I figured it out? Because I thought immediately by the board association of Boring and it sounded like Van Horn. Sure, I'm serious. That's the only reason I remember his last name. Boring guy. Oh, man, he's awful. Anyway, but he kind of fits right in with the whole ambience. Cause nobody hears a lot of baseball. And I know something this year, market down this year. I'm not gonna waste any time. I'm so tired of the neurotic repetition that goes on in this town. Every single year, it's the same thing. Oh, well, maybe this is the year. And, well, nobody cares. Nobody cares. That's it. That's all it needs to be said. I mean, if you look up the expression beating a dead horse in the dictionary, you'll see a picture of this community right next to it. It's got negative thoughts. It is so freaking tiresome, man. It just wears you out. It is what it is. It's not gonna change. But maybe this year. No. But whether without the Pudge Faker. Maybe. Packer. What about say? The Pudge Factor? Is that like the Oralee Factor? Yeah, the Pudge Factor. By the way, speak to that. Petey Lennie, even though he is a major trouble maker. See, if I'm like a scrim. I call him in right now. I sit his ass down and say, listen, you a little leather-pust asshole. Stick to someone acquitted or faring with programming. So this is what bothers me when sales people start interfering in programming. Which they know nothing about. Nothing about it. Zero. Zippity Duda. But maybe this year. Like him saying, oh, thank goodness you're taking calls. Like he knows something. See? Just like he's ripping about the fact that you don't get any numbers in the summertime. Which you still get better numbers than anybody else on a radio station. So I'll come and sell them and it can't sell you because he don't like you. I understand spite of his sucking up to your face. That's Petey Lennie. I say he goes and sells cash to Nova show. That's what I say. That would be a match made in heaven. He did they deserve each other. Judge a person by his friends. That's what I tell you right now. And anybody who consorts. All or he does have one good friend up there. Little Comboos, would you give her free plug? See a work? I'm not choosing. What? And Carlos likes these, which I should think should tell you a lot. They are absolutely good today. George is very skeptical. They're good today. I got my wings. They're wings are great. Yeah, you got your wings on it. You and the car can't. Soon. I got the theme from a smallville. I wanted the songs in there. That was playing this morning. You weren't playing any attention. Soon as I started playing any music and he really liked pots and down starts recording bits on a DCF. He always did. Yeah, I held the night. It was one of the songs from a smallville. All right. Right here. I'm not. No, you know. Yeah, do. Some of you people may appreciate the stuff you've faxed us on the effects machine. But it would probably be a good idea to go to our website first and see the bedtime stories that I've given to Carlos to put on her. Are they on there now? They are on there. Eight. Most of them. Eight's nominee draws fires. This one on there about the bush and it's not see that he wants to put on there. The bush administration has chosen Jerry Thacker. A Pennsylvania marketing consultant who's characterized AIDS is the gay plague to serve on a presidential advisory commission on a HIV and AIDS. In his speeches and writings on the website and elsewhere, which is the idea of what we've talked about. Thacker was described. Homo section about his a death style rather than a lifestyle asserted that the Christ can rescue the homosexual. It refers to AIDS as the gay plague. And this is a guy who's going to put on the presidential advisory commission on HIV and AIDS. At least one thing about the bush minister. He may not be good, but he's consistent. Now that he's really come out of the closet full full force, what he's born again right wing nuts with a subversion business that they're starting up again. You just watch his day desperately. I can just see somebody from the administration up on a clock at Big Ben over there in London. Trying, you know, hanging from the minute hand. Trying to pull it back as many hours and years and centuries as they possibly can. Dragon the American public kicking and screaming back into the Stone Age. I haven't even given the results from yesterday's pool because I'm still worked up about Todd Drek. And his unacceptable attack on January. Anybody else here right for him to be attacking anybody is unacceptable. We despise you, Todd. We just took a poll in the building. You see a nodding Miguel Miguel said you're an asshole. He said you're a piece of Drek. He said he said you and work are just not compatible. You would know the meaning of the word work if somebody stuffed it up your ass. In fact, I'll tell you what Miguel. Take a big sheet of paper. Take like a two by four. Write the word work on it and go stuff it up his ass. And see if he still gets the message. Okay. I'll get the router. Yeah, exactly. Get the router router or get the colleague of man one of the other. Maybe he'll do it. In fact, I think when you first insert that piece of plywood you'll hear little voice coming from inside saying hey, colleague of man. Yeah, from inside the orifice. Back to him right. Why am I spending so much time at cause I feel like it because I find him detestable. And you sales people. A lot of you have set for Adam. Skippy who can't help himself because he needs a compass and a road map. Who else? And the, I've tried whatever's name will try. First Bradford will at least see Troy stay away from Todd. I told him I came in here that they came in together. Do you know what that? Yeah. What did I say yesterday? Spending too much time around Todd. And now his nasty bad work habits are starting to rub off on Todd when painting intention was fine accounts. Most of which he inherited and just, you know, this is one thing about ourselves to provide a lot of these guys just inherited a bunch of accounts when I came here. And they just keep collecting commission. Maybe once every six months they call a client. Hey, everything okay. You know, and that's it. And they're collecting a check. They're siphoning off of our ass. As opposed to somebody like PD Lane by the way, who keeps bringing in these accounts with a great food and the places that keep going out of business every week. Have you noticed that pattern with him? Yeah, he's like the kiss of death. PD Lane, if he handles your account, you'll be lucky to be a business more than five minutes. Okay. Before he walks out the door that they're becoming boarding up the front of your store. There's just something about him. You know, maybe it's that leather push. Maybe it's the devious nature. Him like I said, screw out of a city's ass down, tell him to stick to sales and not worry about programming and not try to interfere with our agenda here with our K agenda. That he wants to bring up. Tuts like cast an over over here. No chance, Paul. You can rip mole all you want. Okay. Oh, George. Now I'll start sucking up the him. Oh, that's not going to help. That's a little bit too late. We're not going to get carried away. There's no credibility in that. But if we had to choose if somebody held our feet to the fire and we have to be a pretty hot fire. If they were trying to make us walk on cold. I'm here in damn tea. I will take mole mice to el at least them all provides a lot of comedy really if you don't say. Oh, and it is in his own crusty hard-ass way. That's right. An endless source and endless source of amusement. On his station on whatever. All over town they're talking about it. Maybe someday he'll get so carried away whole kill some people right and provides a more amusement. But in the meantime, cast it over as about his funny is cancer of an e-cap. In both knees. And let me ask you one final question before I move on. What's wrong with you, Ron? Don't do do do do do do do. It's funny till 10 at 5. 60 W to come. I'll give you the results. He asked today's pool. We got no one to put up there today. We got fat boy running around. He's gonna never brought me back to 10 of them which I asked him for. Hey, fat boy. I don't know what was a tough assignment. These salespeople man. I'm serious. Just if for no other reason in the world, just not seeing them being in Toronto doing the show from anywhere, doing the show on the rings of Saturn with the ralians would be an improvement over being here and having to encounter these people in person in the flesh. And in the case of fat boy. Oh, that's a lot of flesh. I don't notice him knocking fat boy about it. What was a lot better than Jen? Well, 20 till 10 at 5. 60 W to come at about the donuts was nasty. That was really mean, spirited. That was just vicious. Trying to point the finger at somebody else. I'm sure that a lot of you people in the audience know people like that. Always blaming somebody else for their own failures. Their own inability or a lack of desire of doing what they're supposed to be doing. The dog done it. You know, like you're an elevator and somebody cuts a real bad bomb. Oh, I think the dog done it only one problem that there's no dogs in the elevator. And you and it are the only ones in there, like that day that I had an unfortunate incident. Never saw that guy again, by the way. I don't think he might have survived it. Neil dropped his killer bomb and said, I'm in a fog today. I regret having said that so badly. 942 at 560 W to come. Hey, snow in Miami ever hear that. Well, it's going to be very cool tomorrow night, but that's not the point. Or is it tonight or tomorrow night? Good morning. Oh, Tom Lemon and Joe Prieto were up to their armpits in, uh, not snow, but in vehicles. In fact, the factory sense that how let's so many cars did no place to stick them. Even Tom Lemon had a park car in his driveway. Tom says if Todd Reckl will come down there, he'll stick one of those vehicles in his office. So need to place one of those vehicles in your driveway. How does blowing out all the new vehicles? Regardless of profit, including the Pontiac vibe, starting at a very amazingly low 13,998, and you get up to $5,000 off on a Rege MC Ambo Instock plus gets you 0% financing up to a $3,000 rebate. Of course, how that also has a great selection of pre-owned cars, truckstress UVs, and the most important part about it is you're going to love shopping there because they treat you right. Even if you've got crappy credit, marginal credit, no credit. They'll still cut you deal. It's no problem when you do your car shopping at Helipone Acquist's. So why did I been around for over 35 years in the same grade location? At 134-176-E-HowAUS-1 across from the falls open every day of your life, seven days a week. Imagine in the Aradra Show you'll save you in the next room, and you can get more details about all of these things by calling the New Aradra's Neil Deal Hotline Tool Freed, 1-Trival 8-534-442-11. That's 1-Trival 8-534-4-Hallock-Pottie-AX-G-M-C believe them on the Tegna that they do be professional grade. Oh, R, O'N. Now you love her new album, Chukira sings other people's hits. Chukira sings other people's hits. See, 948-560-WD-Q-O-Statermoo is not open valid so let's get back to that pool from yesterday before we get into the next hour. See how fast this hour is going by? And of course Miguel who's a professional cuban comes in and says, oh, she should know that if she's going to call him not put, but it's Iv치n not Iv치n Rodrigas like I don't know that, you know? With the insets of your professional little spick, okay Miguel, we know that. Iv치n, I thought it was Iv치n Elimin. Huh? Or is it Morayan Hosa? Seriously, how embarrassing can you guys get over there at the MacGreet. I'm trying. I'm trying to explain to you how to put out like a professional performance at the public in in Georgia because I sit there like as a spectator. Try to win George what's going on. And nobody else gives a crap because 90% of the people there haven't got any idea what's going on anyway. Including the guy that sits in front of me, he win a bad guy and I know you're listening right now, whatever your name is. And I don't want to sit there having you turn around and talk to me during the entire game. He's because he's smoozing around now. Seriously, the whole game between the face of scoena fine, okay commercial breaks with little pink light comes on. No problem. In between periods. No problem. But while the game is going on, I don't want to fath of fath of fath of fath of fath of fath of fath of fath of fth of fth of fth of fth of fth. If you want to talk islanders, Gruppen, Kozi up to the knees, pot fan, okay, because birds of a feather. Everybody just, I don't know, they're in La La land here. They're all approach, they're all concept of what life is all about. He's just so alien to me. Alien. And you notice the newspaper is still writing about the goddamn the aliens. Clowning probe by court fails to confer baby even exist. Oh, what a concept. How shocking. Aren't you shocked? I'm just fall off the goddamn chair. Let's see. It could be a hoax. No, not the aliens. State removes unopened bountains that I give the results in. No, I'm really milking this big time. How to been good on the farm. 1142 votes. What's your take on Broward Lex and Supervisor Miriam Olafon, we as yesterday? She's totally in combination to be fired. 154 people, 74 point-centre, and they're 75% and fire her ass. Although Mike Amel and a son, sentless morning a very nambi-pan-be column, please resign. Please, and we wish you health and good luck. But yeah, Mike, you're such a goodie too, shoes man. Such a equivocator, such a waffler. Mike Mayo is calm. Sooner be right at the waffelhouse. In fact, I'm going to be putting on an abondment every bird cage at the waffelhouse. Mike Mayo. Thanks, Carlos. I got two more. These great little burgers from Crazy John Little O'Kaboos. It'll turn you loose. In fact, I might have a surprise for you later in the show. All the I'm not going to leave the room. I'll just do it right in here. That's the surprise. As a as a act of defiance as a gesture of defiance like Lord Winders Mir in the farting contest. Yeah, I'll just drop a big load right in here and then you can put it on Todd Drex's desk. Call it Drek for Drek. We have plates there. 1146 votes. Did I get back to this? She's totally incumbent 74% point eight. Who's Mary of Elephant? 106. 17%. Idiots. She's the victim of a racist campaign. 64 only five and a half percent. Are getting sucked into that stupid crap. She's the victim of a racist campaign. How could anybody say that? They just found another hundred ballots in a mail tray inside a file cabinet or aficent for Lutter at yesterday afternoon. And that's only the beginning. They're probably balanced laying all over the place. Maybe there's even a couple of enter. Back to them. Where they are all over. I think that if she if she held up a site, you know what it reminds me of? It's like if O. J held up a sign and said, guess what? I killed Ron in the coal. I'm guilty. Right? And there still would be a certain segment of the people out there. I don't want to say who they would be. There still be a certain segment of the public. Oh, no. He got framed and say a racist thing. Am I right? Absolutely. Absolutely. Correct sir. And the same with Miriam Elephant. They must have be, you know, it also 2.4 percent. 20. It's that she's doing a good job, which is just kind of er, I'm using. They're finding ballots all over the place. And then she wants another three and a half million bucks. She can't. She can't explain even her supporters are now starting to get a little bit upset. They're starting to get a little bit nervous because of her performance the other day. Because she could answer any questions. It's like the theater of the absurd, a fresh rate of commissioner Laurie Paris said yesterday. She hasn't gone any clue how to answer these questions about but a beat but a book but about where did the money go? Where's the accounting for? Where? Uh, but a beat but a book but about what we're talking about a million dollars. Now she wants to be in half million more. And the community in Broward County is held hostage by a bunch of people who monitored it into a racial issue, which of course it is not. But what can I tell you? Here's our poll today. Before I get back to the shenanigans here at QAmen PD Lenny. I think, you know, it's a real, I think to myself, which one of these people and that sales department bothers me the most. On a visceral level as somebody would say who barely shows the ratings. Is it PD Lenny? Is it Todd Drek? Now see it's difficult because when I'm here I don't see Todd Drek very often. Thank goodness because if I did see him a lot it would be no contest. He'd win hands down your pants. Even Miguel was he was shocked and amazed. He said it's one thing to pick on Doreen which Miguel endorses that a lot. He said keep it up because she deserves it. But to pick on Jen who happens to be a real sweetheart and somebody we like. One of the nice people in the building. In fact what we're going to do before the shows over day will draw the line down in the middle. We'll put the nice people on one side. We'll tell you the good ones are and we'll tell you who the assholes are. Gildy. I'm sorry. Uh-huh, boy. See get even at the game last night. You know what they put them on the screen up there to do. Attairs the scores the hockey at the night, Brian the league. And he sweeps the scores. He looked like a man just shaken. So if I'm jigs McDonald, I'll tell you what you all we need to buy jigs jigs. I give up. Hey, um test protector. What do they call those things? Like a gun. What are they going to pull a proof thing of that? Oh, a flat jacket because he's going to get a lot of flag. Because boy Gildy is desperate as they are now with seen those numbers come out the hour by hour and see that 2.1 share in the 8 to 9 hour which is just people around the building are shaking their heads about that. How is that possible on a sports station in men 2554. Your target demographic a 2.1. Oh my people are swooning over that. And so Gildy, I'm sure I just even smell in the hallway. I know it's coming from him or else is most pitiful as bag of it. But he's just just paranoid as hell. So you know he's going to be going after jigs is radio job with the panthers next season because he's got a cover's ass. You know he's got that baby to feed George. You know how that is. Uh-huh. You got those little mouths to feed. You got to have that paycheck coming in. So jigs if I'm you I would just really, really watch my backside. The jigsmeister who you know he's an old funny daughter and he's he's what he is. But he's he's just he's comfortable like an old shoe. In fact every time I see jigs. I think look at that he looks just like an old shoe. Yeah, as opposed to every time you see me and you think there's like an old Jew or a soft shoe. Yeah, so I am a soft shoe. That's my problem too nice of a guy. I'm just, and it's the truth. I'm not too nice of a wolf. I'm a softie. I taught I taught a way too much crap from people. You know I mean guilty too much crap. So you can be paranoid all you want. You're not getting jigs McDonald's job because he's a he's a legendary hockey broadcaster who happens to be by the way just like Denise Potthand, a Hall of Flamer. How do you like that? So I got news guilty. If you think I'm gonna back you again to go in here and stab somebody there's too many people looking for other people's jobs on this show we're real happy with our dish. We're not happy with this time's luck. Oh, you know, he picked up the check but we're not looking for anybody else's well-see Carlos we leave him out of this. He's looking for anybody else's job. And he's not in his head. He's we know the janitors there. In fact he wouldn't mind being freaky Carlos the receptionist of the front desk because it'd be even be sure that that scream in queen is making more money than he is. No question. And he's full time with benefit. There you go! His benefit is he gets to take a bath in the sink every morning before it comes in here. That's his benefit. We don't charge him for the water. Right. Or the toothpaste. He brings his own. No, I don't think so. I think he steals Gellie's toothpaste. One morning he used Mose and he would turn out to be Polyvent. Which I guess didn't taste all that great. In fact, it's still fizzing. But this business of people running around we got P.D. Lenny trying to get Mola out of here tomorrow. So the castor Novak can come in and take his job as boyfriend. Wait, that's unacceptable. The same thing with Gellie chasing after Juggs McDonald. Who's, Juggs has got to be getting out there what is he about 85.90 now? He needs that job. He's a legend. He knows his hockey man. He's got some squeaky voice twerp. Who's looking after everybody's job just because he knows that he's on very, very thin ice. You think the ice was bad in the arena last night. The ice did Gellie swim it on right now man. It's about to crash. So just put you up there in a morning a little bit. In fact, if I was him, I'd start really taking issue with everything that Mose said. Mose says, well, it's a Monday morning. No, I'd say some Tuesday, Mo. Right? Now that might last more than like for an hour or two, but work good for the beast. Here's our poll today. I better do the break first. Well, we don't want to get way behind. Huh? Am I wound up today or what? Good. Good. Good. It is in a very good way. I'm in a great mood. I feel great. Panthers and play out at a terrible game last night, at least it was close. Got to see my good buddy. Marty have let up very close in person. We bonded after the game. I wish. A little bit too much show voting there. Marty last night. You know, he's a great athlete. He's a great hockey player. But a little bit trying to dip seedoodle. In fact, he started looking like Victor. Cause love the figure skater. They're like, hey, Victor. We already had S.A.T. Take it and we don't need a more figure skater. Is there? Okay. We'll get Elvis Steuico who want a figure skater. Round and around and are anyway, 957 at 5.60 W to Q AM. I want to tell you about a place. That's fantastic for the atkins of any low carb sugar free diet. And I mentioned sugar free because the sugar shock from last three days is obviously still having a tremendous effect on me. See what it does to you? It's a drug that sugar. I'm sitting here going like that because of all that sugar I've eaten. Although that chocolate lace was damn good. Anyway, the lines of West book, they got over 600 delicious low carb food products. This week, try the new in Chapman low carb cookies and six delicious flavors with only one or two carbs per cookie. You'll be in snack heaven says PD Lenny and you know him. So whether it's carb a lot of ice cream, bread, chips, muffins, cheesecake, pasta and sauces, the lights of West book is the place you're going to love and you can try anything on a store before you buy it. Try before you buy. They have an eligible sale staff open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10. And carry the most complete line of African brand products in the world. Always 25% off all day every day of your life. They also agree by the way to lights. We don't want no cast or no one on this station. You'll find the lights of West Book on the northeast corner of Glades in 441. We're next to Boston Market, column toll free at 1-877 low carb. We're on the web at lowcarb.com. Don't forget there's one and only the lights of West Book up. It's your official Atkins retail center. It's my life and love. This is 42564. You may have. There's a butt ice melon. Welcome. You woke just like an elephant. Whip hands make promise, circus hands. But hey, my friend, what can you do? How about life, oh such a thing? Some way, reduction. And cause one more bite. And you might burst the seams. Your arteries are shutting down. Skip that piece of pie you'll be caught. Unfortunately I'm talking to you. Yeah, you. I won't stay full here one last. Hidden beneath your underwear. What else possibly could you do? Good luck there, Toby. Your big baby. I knew I knew I'd get him. That's my set of it's about Todd Drek right there. Whatever you just saw. Okay, Tommy. Man. You know, see one thing about me. I don't pull any punches. I'm not a BS artist. And these salespeople now are really starting to score him. Because now I can eyeball him. You know what I'm saying? I could look at my denny. I say hey Troy for example. What's the story with my balance for life? Where's my menu? Uh, but we blew it like that, you know? And you even have like big lips or anything. And then like Todd Drek. Ah, but and you know this is four minutes after 10 on 5.60 QM. And we still don't have that crap in supposed to have. He was going to go a Russian right in here once they're dead. Go back from the donut shop. I'd like to see your take a bag of donuts and stuff right away to Mundo and trying his body if you could find the right orifice. That's how whipped up I am about this. And I'm even eating these little burgers here, which you know what they are. Gentlemen is here at night of clock by the way. She was here at night of clock to a new job. Not making excuses and blaming other people for her whatever she does wrong. Like eating too much and who the hell am I to what she would admit she eats maybe a little bit too long. Kurt. Can't stand it. I'm so glad to be back here, but you know what I don't want to overhaul this. I don't want to overhaul this. I don't want to overstay my welcome you know. You know, yeah, you're right. What a bunch of fakers. Only on this station could these people get away with it, you know? You can't complain about the management on this station because generally speaking we don't have any. What we have are a bunch of crisis. What would you call them? They're like they're like firemen. They come with their big holes and put out the big fire. But when we have like brush fires, which is all the time, they can't be bothered with that. It's kind of like when our fire alarm goes off. Remember that time and fire department, which is right down the street, didn't bother showing. I thought they're like a block just that. They're like a block on a half a way. They don't care. But I'm burn. This eating on your must stop as soon as I'm done with last one of these little burgers. Little Kaboos. They're good to that. I know you don't believe that because you for whatever reason you just, I guess it's because it's a p.d.l.e. client in your heart ass. No, I just aren't you doing this chicken wing? They're from a great wings. Little John crazy John. Is it a crazy John or a little John? Crazy and fire is he? Tuck. Here's the fact it says, what's this I heard about Paul Castro over ripping on the moment? See he's doing that because he wants the guy's John. That's why he's doing it. Those two are perfect for each other. It says it'd be a great radio if they teamed up and had a morning show. Maybe the could have Joe's a gacky doing sports for them. Gell they could do the weather and young Ron could do traffic and it was beast to pin us. There you go the QM morning zoo. With Ron and Paul, Mo and the Gelldy, the all new super zoo. And of course, don't leave him out. Somebody sends me a little cartoon, Mo without the must grab. Shainful probably I thought directed it in a spare time. I still don't see that correct copy that's supposed to be coming in here. Do you? I don't see you. Here's our pull for today and I knew it sooner or later get around. What look at that? Eric being right on top of things and not wanting to feel left out. We know you're very busy, Eric. Okay, I don't want to put a lot of pressure on you. No, no, what is that? That's that life. Look what he put on the pull. Can you see it in there or not? The last choice on the pull is supposed to be. This is for who you want to be. The Democratic presidential candidate in 2004. The last choice is I don't care they all suck. So he writes don't care they all suck big donkey and elephant. And of course I can't say the last big b****. Okay. Get that off of the air. See now. Now remember he called you before the show. How come Al Gore's not there? He's not running Eric. Al Gore's not running in. Now's that he said it in his wooden way. He said he's not running. That's why he's not in a pool. So he obviously is getting frustrated and he feels left out. And Eric wants to be more of a part of the show. So he's like interjecting his own crap. Which it was very good when he put the stuff on the other day about the right wingers and about that stuff on there about how predictable it's set them and so on and feel free to creep the pool and help our geoginda. That was cute. But don't overdo it Eric. Don't mess with my pool. Just like the water Nazis says don't mess with my log. And I noticed that she's still not doing the log. She got her asses. Did now do what does she do all day? I don't know what's going on over there. Oh, I forgot. What's he does now? She's got that little that hearing device. Like the one that we're using on smallville the other night. She's got those. That's a part of this. She's got all the room. And she goes around to building monitoring. What's happening? She's the she's the spy. The water Nazi. So anyway, let me cast my vote on hearing. Give it to you a pool for today. What would you prefer to be the democratic presidential candidate in 2004? Here's my list. Here's the pool. Take a relief at Eric and quit putting a bunch of filthy stuff on our pool. John Kerry Howard Dean Joe Lieberman. Oi. Dick Getthart. John Edwards. Gary Hart. Chris Dodd. Al Sharpton. I don't care how close we are for a bush regardless or don't care they all suck. That's the pool. Now I put people on there who either are definitely going to run or might run like Chris Dodd. And who's the other one? I think that was the only one. The other one's about the middle of the roof. Yeah, Lyndon LaRouche. He's a douche, which one of those. So there's the pool for it. Already we got the O'L Sharpen's got a vote. Very, very amusing. A lot of stuff here. Maybe McDonald's suit was thrown out. And that's a good thing. I'm sick and tired of people that are, you know what? It reminds me of it's like Todd Drek. It's the same thing. See how it all ties in? People are all on to take responsibility for their elections. So they're soon McDonald's for their kids obesity. Who's forcing them? Who's holding a shotgun to their head? Make it and take them to McDonald's, okay? In fact, if they are taking their kids to McDonald's, somebody ought to be holding a shotgun to their heads. If he acts me. Shame on you. And of course most parents are just like, you know, it's like other fat people. Like he's telling their philosophy is it's not important in life that you succeed but that your fat friends fail. That's their philosophy. Like fat boy for example, he wants the whole world to be at least as fat as he is and hopefully bigger waddling around on walkers and wheelchairs. Which is why his family looks the way they do the fat family. So for anybody in this building to be making comments about fat people except me, I'm the one who's writing to my contract. I can talk all I want about fat people. What is that? Oh look at that we got new copy for fast ran. Mark it down in your calendar's boys and girls. Thank you Miguel. The lovely Miguel just brought me a new piece of copy. I mean it's a same old stuff. But nevertheless it's a new piece of copy from Todd the direct man. He's an asshole. You bet. Amen. Well said. Could have said a bit of myself. Now you see the song in the dance that we had to go through just to extract from this man. A simple piece of copy for probably one of the best accounts we got in this radio station that spends a crap load of money on his show and all the shows on his station. Killedy does this box? Well. Nothing's perfect. Why me? What do you mean? Don't drop while you're moth it. By my moth is full. And we do have been full of quest act. McDonald's suit thrown out. The lawsuit was filed against McDonald's last summer sought unspecified damages. But. Saying the laws not intended to protect people from their own accesses of federal judge's throughout their class actions suit against McDonald's food for obesity, diabetes, other health problems for children. And you know something that's really hypocritical. How come? And have I always said this about the food people? If it's okay to sue the tobacco companies. For people would lung cancer and the emphysema they got from smoking faggot. How come it's not okay to sue the food? See if it's okay. And there is no difference. It says right in the package is cigarette. You're going to get cancer. You're going to get emphysema. It's going to hurt like hell. You're going to die. What can I see that? And it's still smoking a faggot. What about the elbow? And don't tell me about the nicotine and the addictive factor because believe me. There's nothing more addictive than refined carbohydrates. Believe me when I tell you right now. Do you believe me? So believe me. I believe you. God damn it. Man, I whipped up today about this crap. It's too low thargic here. That's the problem at his town. I'm just like that's a game-wise. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, you know. At least we got a good usher now. Thanks a lot, pal. Whoever my usher is now. God, we're that silly old fart. Talk about a bad hairpiece. And all the, I think that other guy, the bad usher. I think his hair is real, but it looks like he hairpiece. You know what I mean? He's like brindled brown. Like real, like a guy from much to the 1930s. How about he was played underwear? Probably in the same year. If you're 10 to 5, 60, it probably long johns. 5, 60, WQAM. If you've outgrown your home, if your family is getting bigger, if you need more room for some stuff at home, like an office, a nursery, a sewing room, or maybe a new master bedroom, maybe a new bathroom. In fact, if you get a new bathroom, Carlos would like to be invited to, like take a little shower in your sink. I was gonna say in the tub, but that would be getting a look here. You know what? You don't want Carlos and your tub, believe me. Either whatever. Oh, the two of them in there together, I can see that. Anyway, we need more space for your place. Call our guys. It's strictly additions. What a scene. Man, that's even more disgusting than PD Lenny Hump and Fat Boy in a hallway. Strictly additions is the one-stop shop, more space for your place. Place would a worry for your approach to a spending your living space. I don't know what you're laughing about. I believe it happened. Carlos, your buddy put the Pauli man. He's got the pictures. Anyway, our friends at Strictly Edition show up when I say they will like they didn't Georgia's house. You won't have any hidden charges. They're the experts at pulling permits. So the work gets complete at on time the right way and, now for the new year, you can use your income tax return to get the work done. All of you folks out there shopping for new homes. Why go through all of that trouble? By the time you sell, buy, clothes and move in, you might as well just pull some equity out of your current home and call Strictly additions. You'll pay for a new edition of a home you already love. Call Strictly additions today at 9.5.4. 7.9.18 100. That's 9.5.4.7.9.18 100. They're licensed to ensure professionals, call them for free estimate, talk to Craig or Patrick. 9.5.4.7.9.18 100. Strictly additions will save you time. Lots of money you won't have to move to improve. It'll hold no house for the same address call 9.5.4. 7.9.18 100.4. Strictly additions today. 7.9.18 100.4.7. Strictly additions will save you time. 8.9.18 100. Strictly additions will save you time. Strictly additions will save you time. Strictly additions will save you time. Strictly additions will save you time. Strictly additions will save you time. Strictly additions will save you time. Strictly additions will save you time. Strictly additions will save you time. Strictly additions will save you time. Strictly additions will save you time. Strictly additions will save you time. Strictly additions will save you time. Strictly additions will save you time. Strictly additions will save you. Strictly additions will save you time. Strictly additions will save you time. Strictly additions will save you time. The most important thing is the Blinget Clam諄녃ivisement. Don't accept responsibility for their actions. Cast stuns aKEYS Th zast akeyers. Strictly additions will save you time. Strictly additions will save you time. Strictly additions will save you time. Strictly additions will save you time. Strictly additions will save you time. Strictly additions will save you time. Boy, Jennifer, I just, I don't know what her screamer go blind, you know what? Or give Matt drugs a big kiss on the opposed. I just said that to get Lynn all worked up up there, she's, you know, she's freezing the rest on. How you doing Lynn? Here's a, a fact from John who says two things. Number one is a taco viva still in the book. I'm a poll, as we left off Bob Graham. But we got a nice go and Eric, we got it on the right way. How could I do that? You know what the problem is too close to home? You see who's running for a Senate, by the way, probably? And now it says that the alien experience we need to find the federal government now says, oh, he learned a lot then about how he has to represent all of the people. Mayor Pingu Piccaneu because he can't run again from Mayor. Yeah, Kermlin, it's, for having him from running for mayor again in Dave County. So now he wants to run for the Senate, you know, he better run real fast. Mayor Pingu Piccaneu. Does he kiddin? See out of his mind? He's got two chances. Anyway, here's the fact that there's a taco viva still in the book, a town center mall. Let's go, let's go right now, okay? Because my appetite is sufficiently wedded by those little burgers from a little caboose in our friend crazy John. By the way, crazy John, we get your real sales guy out there to handle your kind of you want. Yeah, then we'd have some spots on here, instead of just giving him free plugs, you know what I mean? By the way, George, let me ask you a question before we proceed with the rest of John's fact. What flavors do you want? There's a taco viva still in the book, a town center mall, and it says, how are you stuck? Now, John, you may have some truth in what you say there, but the fact that, a matter is we basically have a little crisis going on here at QM, one that we've manufactured to try to stir up a little excitement in another wise, very dull town. And that is that, you know, Moe's, he's having a tough time of it. He's alien to the audience. He's alien to everybody that works here on a station. He's alien, most of the people in the building, I take that back. He's alienated in everybody in the building, but in spite of all of these things, in spite of his devious, dangerous behind the scenes maneuvers attempting to get various people can and accomplishing that deed with a couple, maybe not getting him can, but getting him reassigned. You do know where I did my information, don't you? And anyway, in spite of those things, still, it goes to show you how strong I feel about this. I would be willing not to forgive him for it, because an elephant doesn't forget. But I'd be willing to overlook those things in continued coexisting, especially if we put a little space in between the programs, your own managed eight to ten, managed with Moe from eight to nine. A buffer, a buffer, that would be good, because we don't function well in the same building at the same time. And he could, I better quick take it in an order not to use parking spot too. I'm pretty sure that's his vehicle at Stoner, but isn't it? You know, the, the one I'm talking about? No, that white piece of turd down there could be any of the stuff. It's gotta be his cause it's got like a little bag on the side. Like, was shocked when I saw that. It was overflowing this morning. But castred over when you start assigning our salespeople to start pimping for you and making long distance calls to me in various places around the world to try to stab one of our people in a bag. I, I take exception to that. Don't you? Don't you find that whatever. And then, part of the course for him, he's always been doing that. Always been doing that. And I'll say it again. Our sales department and our sales manager, that's a hot one. She's married to the guy who's the sales manager for the enemy. I don't think the audience is aware of that. Her husband, screw in when it, her husband is the sales manager for Claire Channel. Even Carlos wasn't aware of that. You talk about an insistuous relationship, which is the reason why every time we want to give it up some long kid, they wind up over here. Hey honey, can you take bad boy? We just can't handle anymore. And we can't afford to feed him anymore. Oh, sure. Whatever you say, honey. You know, here's bad boy. Did we warn her or not? Did we beg her? So whatever, whatever I say, she'll do the opposite. Right, Todd dread. Didn't he come from over there? Todd, don't you? Mike, yeah. Didn't know him. He came from over there. PD Lenny. Did he come from over there? Yeah. Yes. Which is why all these people talk about it. See, Channel, ask you to. That's all we talk about. They're living in the past. If they would spend one tenth of the time servicing their clients and going on again, some new ones, we could be really kicking ass here. But instead, they're too busy being professional. Yentas. Nobody hires them here to be a yenta. There's nothing in her paycheck or in her commissions that says, hey, here's 10th verse, ever been a yenta. But we get the refuse. We get the sludge rhymes with drugs. We get the sludge left over that they don't want over there. The refuse from cheap channel. And we still got all this building on a station because we provide them usually with respect to our numbers. Now this late is both they came out. We're number one here in midday. Neil and Mad Dog did very, very well. Thank you. December we got screwed because of what they call ethnic adjustment. What do they call ethnic waiting they call it? And we're waiting for them to stop doing that because they don't understand them. Are we still to just find? So what is that boy? Leave me your lost a young man. I got news for a fact boy. I still got plenty of young man. Okay. Believe me. I haven't lost a young man. I'm not talking about on the show necessarily, but nevertheless, gives me a little stork. Just wait till I do your next spot, baby. Just wait till I tell them about it. In fact, we got a dial map. His spot come up to the stars since he don't have that many on the show anyway. Just wait till I do the next spot. Tell them about how fat boy order. Fat boy is going to be on one of those dial map. He's his with. Todd REC. PD Lenny. Troy the boy. Freaky Carlos. Freaky Carlos are a little Carlos. I've never got back to that since I'm so full of it today. I guess my ramble on here will want to clock. I'm my collineal three or four clock. Hey, mad dogs, take that off. See, that's specifically why I was doing that ugly chuck thing in the first place, so that they wouldn't confuse them when you can't call him ugly Chuck. That's grotesque. It's accurate. He would write. Be ugly chuck and stand alone on that. Then be confused with that guy. I want to explain it. Okay. You've done a poor job. Like I said, if you've got all these cameras now, including the one you have me, why do you keep putting it back on me? I'm not the station photographer here. That's for you taking pictures. I'm right. Exactly. Are you bringing yours in and take a picture of him and the Freaky, the real Freaky Carlos are there to receptionist who used to be known as Miss Lila or whatever name was on power? What was his name? He had some kind of a pansy name there on power and a morning show before they blew all the body. We'll leave a Lila. Lila, Lila, Lila, Miss Cleo, whatever it is she was screaming whatever. And we'll have a picture of them side by each and then you can see what our little pussie Carlos looks like. And now what the real Freak looks like out there. In fact, you can even take a nude picture of the Freaky Carlos and they can count all of the body piercing. What are the major differences is that this Carlos has the piercings out his face. Yes, the other one has them in many places including his back though. Another body parts that we certainly don't want to mention on the ear penis. In fact, the rumor is he's going to be dust first guest on penis talk this weekend. Lila, yeah, Lila, thank you so much. Take me to your Lila. I'll pass. Unfortunately, on the way out to the elevator every day, I want to clock. I have to encounter that creature. High poodle. You know, one of those stories. Remember that dark complexity I called in yesterday about. Fags stereo types and I started talking about black stereotypes and we both agreed that it's very unfortunate because we all suffer from these stereotypes. People go out of their way to act really, really in whatever stereotypical way it is. Yes. You know what I'm saying, poodle? See. Oh, hello, kitty. Man. Yeah, see, that's another benefit and not being in the building. Oh, I'm going to tell you something. Doing the show from outside of the spectrum. I'd rather like do it on the road. Oh, and speaking of on the road. I've done it on the road. It's all my god. I leave here yesterday. I drive out the Hershey Highway to the corner of the intersection of 440 when a county line road. Get ready to make my left turn. And there's a crazy guy. That's new. There is a wait. There's a crazy guy with a sign. Hungry, no work. And I'm talking about certified. But he's like dancing up and down. He's people are like a scared to him about 16 people ran the leg just to get away from him. And I'm sitting there on. I couldn't make it. So I'm first in line and he's like all over the place. And I look in my rear view mirror on the other side. And here's one of the homeless voice people. And I thought to myself, which one has the Tony? You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Oh, brother. What a country man. You can't even just pull up to a light out there in public on the roads that we play our tax dollars to build a maintain. And these people are out there hassling us. I've never seen anything like this guy, even on the streets of Toronto. Spare some change, mister. You know, I mean, that crowd. They're like very calm compared to this. This guy, I looked like he had like green and like a same fight as dance in his pants. He was just a wild man. He was like, you know, he belonged in the service. Like he needed some help. He needed to be institutionalized somewhere. And he's out there in a corner for 41 accounting line road in the road. Hey, another day's gone by and a lot of you folks are still underpaid and stuck in a real sucky job. If you're looking for a high pain career, you just call fast rain till free at 1 8 6 6 fast train. That's what Todd Rets says. If you in a role now, you can be certified not a way to a high pain job by April. No time at all in a hard speed. Yes, if you can commit three nights a week, fast rain can have your certified as a computer professional by this April. So call fast rain at 1 8 6 6 fast train. Fast rain offers job placement easy financing day that we can classes and as far as where you live, well, no problem because they got four convenient locations in Miami, Kendall, Pembroke Pines and now in Fort Lauderdale. Just one simple call. You'll be on your way to a great new site in career. Say goodbye to your dead end job that crappy measly paycheck every week or two and call fast rain to get you on a way to a really meaningful high pain career. 1 8 6 6 fast train or check them out on the web if you like it fast train dot com. We're sports radio 5 C. You a M and I'm I thought, the commercial you're about to hear has been adolescently subjected to a moronic series of edits and changes with no door for authorization by the original advertiser. We apologize however stand by our mission to make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible. Are you ready? We're ready. Do you want it? We want it. Are you pumped? We're pumped. We're ready. We're a bend over. Yes. Whatever you do to get up to the game. Stay up with Gaze to rate. I said bend over. Yeah. To rate. The break of Gaze athletes everywhere. 1031 at 5 60 WQM happy Thursday 2 in the mad dogs coming up a one to hump or from San Diego in a super bowl of three or clock. For a cool hotline from the HEC Center 7 to wait we got the big ol or land a well Zagara and he's another big one. He's not I don't know. I haven't seen him in a long time as he like real fat. He's fat. He's slightly fat. Pudgy. Pudgy. Pudgy. We got Pudgy on the Marlins. Any K10 o'clock from GAs, Jo and Mark overnight who really pissed us off the event. George was filming it to mouth about it. By, uh huh? By messing with our pool. We don't like that. You know we have enough problems with outside people with nasty people. Dick and with our pool. But they have Jocac Stella when they're trying to ego thing. Have a Peter that won't burn any life. Whoever told us it was what? Our dirty lie. I'm sure. No it was not. Okay. Gueranteed. I bet your life on it. How's the pool come of the game? You're getting a polozized to Bob Graham and all of his van supporters and he cows in Miami Lakes for the fact that we left him off. How can I have done that? Huh? You know, you do know we're Graham Dury drivers and she wanted us people to have them. I mean, the Graham family has got so much money. I mean, she. But you know, I'll be honest with you as much as I could tell my story about the gun in the of briefcase when I interviewed him on W's News User Go. That's kind of a cute story. But I won't. Maybe I will. It just goes to show you Bob. There are only reason that you're still around right now is because I like you and you're not a bad guy. Your secret service. Pretty weak, baby. Pretty weak. Anyway, we'll get to that later. Who would you prefer to be the Democratic presidential candidate in 2004? We're taking a pool because everybody else is now because, you know, other than blowing up the world and Iraq and North Korean stuff like that in Al Qaeda and Yamama, other than those things and people being out of work in the economy being much worse than anybody's letting on. Other than those things, there's nothing going on. Be signed to course the clone babies. See that's another thing that I find just a polling. Unacceptable. Channel 4 News was added again last night. I would give them up if I had an alternative. Do you have any idea how unprofessional the news is in this market out bad news? Yeah, it's almost as unprofessional as the beast. That's how bad it is. That's pretty bad. I do like Steve Wolford and what's the chick that's on her on the F5? 530, I think. I don't know. And then they got the nerve to show us promos for Angela Ray. The fact that she's doing Edmourna. See, if I was you guys the channel for I'd keep it a secret because nobody's up at 5 in the morning and nobody would know. She just comes on and goes, ha ha ha ha. Like that. One day soon, she's going to fall backwards in her chair. Good God. Nice job in the ear by the way, Angela. She lasted shorter there than Mr. Ego. About two minutes. 118 votes. Don't care. They all suck 31. Don't care. I'll vote for Bush regardless 20. Well, you got to understand the rest of them are like chopped up. It's divided. Bob Graham has moved into first place since five of his late edition on the pool. 15 votes for a BDI Bob. Who has been good the last few months. And spread about idiotic. I thought that the Jim DeFedian arrow was going to be a good commas. Do you read that he ripped Bob Graham because he keeps a diary every day. He made the sarcastic crap about him. This is the one guy who's had the balls to say, hey, forget about it. We got more of these damn, uh, has a lot of people here in America who are rated to blow us all the pieces and you're not even paying any attention. Was it? Huh? Right. He had some balls, BDI Bob. Anyway, he's got 15 votes. John Kerry's got 14. Which was mine, of course. I just changed again. Don't care. They all suck 32. Although for Bush regardless, 24. Graham 17. Kerry 15. Howard Dean has got nine. Howard Dean. I don't know how are Dean from Jimmy. You know, thanks from Vermont. Al Sharpton nine. John Edward seven Dick Gibhard six. Jewelieberman five. Gary Hart's got four. Chris Dodd. The senator from Connecticut. Who would probably be the best of all, but he hasn't said he. He might just run. You like Chris Dodd? Okay. You even know who that is. I've seen him, but I just haven't heard enough out of him. Chris to have heard God is one of the receives to liberal loan plus he's from a small New England state. I say. Chris to have heard God is great. He's our particular. He's a great speaker. He's like right on all the issues where we are and you know, living and reading people are. Well, then I like him a lot. There you go. I am. What's the point? What's the point? There's a settlers parade of people. Oh, there's a he's that part of an endless parade. You tell me that Howard Dean and John Edward and these other and Al Sharpton are in the same category with Chris Dodd? No, but I'm not going to take the good. God. Listen to all their good. God, Chris Dodd. What an ugly old bod. And there's something wrong with his time. You know, I'm sitting there at, I think if finally done, I mean, I think had any awakening at the hockey game last night. I had like a some kind of internal intestinal experience. Sitting there in the midst of these people, most of whom haven't got the foggy astide or interest of what's going on around them, not all, but most. And Washington, bounce that he bounce you out there with tissue to put on roller skates. And nobody says, and of course, our great columnist here in his town, the same old two hacks the same young two hacks we've had for a since day one. David J. Neil, A with his who sawed Chaco and Michael Russo, another fat pud whacker. Okay, I'm not going to say about it. The only thing that little sarcastic line, they'll put in there, but an announced crowd of 13,000. If there were 13,000 people in that arena last night, I'll give you $20 million cash right now. Okay. 13,000. If they included all the people across the street shopping of the sawgrass, it still wasn't 13,000 people. Plus not to mention the number of thousands upstairs that they all got in for free. I had people come out and tell me that they're all, there were just huge groups of people got in for free. I understand they're trying to get some people in the stands, but you're never going to make the money back Alan Cohen by letting everybody in for free. Yeah, I know it doesn't look as embarrassing. It's having a whole empty place. It was an embarrassing. Keep in mind that Ottawa is the best team in the league. Okay. An exciting young team. Great team. Of course, you can tell that when they're skating on like cement. You ever try to roll a tie, skit on cement? Yeah, that does work. That's what they were trying to do. You can see ruts and there is deepest as fat boys. Let go. Big crap, crevasses in the ice. How nobody cares about it. But hey, we look pretty good. Looks pretty boring. And don't you bad to wake up. Wake up. God damn it. What? This is a place where things aren't what they are. You understand? You mean every place else like any place else you go. Now, cheeseburgers, that cheeseburger. Here, that cheeseburger is paradise. As Mo would say, you know what I'm saying? Everything is something other than what it really is here. This is La La Land. It's a fantasy place. It's a goddamn fantasy place. I'm sitting there. I'm seeing what I'm seeing. I'm watching what I'm watching. And like, uh, I don't know. They don't get it. How about that R Kelly, huh? He has a lot of, he likes to sing all those hymns. But he likes to hers better. I guess he doesn't do that. He likes the young hers according to what they allage. He's at his, singer faces new porn charges. R and B star R Kelly was arrested in Miami yesterday morning on a new child, poor no charge. Justice, the Grammy award winning singer was making a comeback with his latest hit single. Already facing child porn charges in Chicago, Kelly is now accused of keeping 12 photographs of a new girl in one of his central Florida summer homes. The latest arrest immediately created a buzz on South Florida air waves as local loyal fans defend the artist while there's expressed a disgust. He was just going to get in on the good graces. He said Jerry Rush and General Manager at James 99 W. E. R. This will be a lot tougher for him to bounce back from. He's disappointed some folks who believed in him. Kelly whose first name is Robert was out on bodyweighting trial on 21 counts of child pornography in Chicago where 30's viewed a video tape that allegedly shows him having sex with a 13 year old girl. Was it him? In town, a shoot a music video for his new single ignition. Kelly was arrested at Cook on a Grove's Grand Eye Grand Bay Hotel on a Cook County War Wednesday. He was released in the county jail Wednesday after posting 12,000 dollar bought. Cook County investigators say they were arresting a, assisting a 30's in Chicago with their investigation when they came across the photo during a search of Kelly's death in Port Homes. June, the digital photo show Kelly another redell woman and a young girl in sexual situation investigators said. Regardless of your status with your celebrity or not, if you engage in conduct as outrageous as this, you can expect to be thoroughly investigate and arrested said Colonel Grady Judd or the Polk County Sheriff's Office. Engaging in sexual contact with a child and photographing it is despicable he said. Kelly, as a home in Chicago, where he said he was not to manchown on the video tape like George just said jokingly. Any audio deoddi. Hot 105 program directed Derek Debe Brown said that he's not playing the single ignition. He won't take Kelly off the air for now. As far as I'm concerned, he's innocent till proven guilty Brown said, noting fans overwhelming we responded to a pull last summer saying they wanted to continue hearing Kelly's cell tree voice. Well, his voice never molested anybody. No. 20 before he just makes a little cook cook cook could you in sounds. Cook. All I'm going to say is that I'm on with this copy. Please. Let's see if I throw it out. I'll never get it back again. That's the problem. So even if it's not the right one, just do it next time. 24 11 at 5. 16 WKM. We're sorry that we haven't taken any calls yet, but you know what? Who the hell? And we took that one. I wasn't that crazy about it. That woman with her hot punch Sunday, whatever she was talking about. Pudge. Yeah, punch. Hey, I'll tell you where you get some good chow and that's the Emile Coast. They got three locations for you. You'll find one in sunrise. That's the original South Florida location. They're also in North Miami Beach and the news location is in Pember Pines. Start your mouth watering experience with six different soups. Then sample dozens and dozens and zillions of sucked on enthrase. Not just the way I'll do these but lots of other things too. Surfing turf on a weekend, New York strip steak made a word of their gourmet center. A sizzling Asian grill with karaoke steak, shrimp chicken and seafood and Han car, primary cooked to your order just the way you like it. It's amazing. The Emile Coast buffet for most healthy living too. They don't use any crap. No MSG, no cornstarch and no cholesterol laden oils. They only cook with the finest cholesterol free oils. And like I said, no crap. There were faith features of whole salad bar, new sushi bar, fresh from cocktail. And Emile Coast famous lobster fest is back featuring lobster thermators and lobster bisc. And if you have any room at all left over, I always tell you to bring that crowbar. Have somebody else stick their hand in your pants and pull it back like a little bit in your waistline too to make room for the dessert bar featuring pies and cakes, pastry ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit to perfect and new one for get a meal. I tried that to hockey game last night. Fruit with Marty have let putting my hands in his pants and he kind of back to way. Emile Coast now with three locations in sunrise, Pine Island a 44th street, Collins Avenue just north of 163rd street north Miami Beach and the other section of Flamingo and Pembroke roads in prestigious Pembroke pies except reservations take out and live available as well and be sure and check out the New Oriental Chicken salad to at the Emile Coast call nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two for reservations information that's nine five four five seven two thirty twenty two a place you can feast like a pig even if you're not one the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. Just keeps getting bigger. This new year you can become a professional athlete many people believe you have to be good at lots of things to compete but tray believes in doing one thing and doing it better than anyone else. It's losing the tray Duncan school of snapping. Mr. Junk and am I holding a ball right here? Whoa whoa whoa whoa. Let's back it down with the questions. I'm watching animals at a future on animal planet. It's just that I paid six thousand dollars for the two hour class and I wanted to hey this is just all part of the process. Pass me my coverage high top. Julia time for field trip. Oh, I'm getting it. Oh, how are we going to the bubble of China? Stay in real practice on some field goals. Well actually I thought we should over to the AMC multi-plex. Let's see hot chicks. Huh? But we don't want to do that. All right, all right. We'll feed drum line. That takes place on a football field and it's got a beat that there's you. Stay in your seat. Go on on on on the one of these snapper is that bad. Let me tell you something. I've been snapping for thirty years and I never practiced once. Yes occasionally some of my balls bounce as tail over to head at a holder or go straight in some way. Two days you never really have any significant role in the outcome of a game. It's all poop. Can't get your shoulders up. You know what's up? All right, you want to see something? All right, all right, come here. Gather around. All right, I don't tell anybody. So this is just between us. All right. It's the key to it all. But that's a key. That's an actual key. That's right. Is it key to my mini van? Everybody, pile it. Let's go, she's on line. The trade junk in school is stepping. It's not like he can lose a game over a snap. There's a 41 yard truck. Three junk in the snapping. They can't get you. Go get me some junk at some more due to these. We have. What? I want this picture. 1047 at 560. Nobody can remember what I told you before. It's bigger than a smallville. All right, like that. Oh, that's the story. 11-atre- Most stars. 3200, guys. No, I can't do that. No, they play on the shore every week. They play that on the shore every week. Maybe it's our 71 and tomorrow. It's played on smallville every week. Every week to show you how un-purspricacious you are. You better start paying a little bit more attention to the important things of the limestone. Because I know what I'm watching Tuesdays between on and 10. I am glued to that screen, literally and figuratively. Elders are super. I'm watching real close super if you ask me. Here's our facts of the day from Greg. Well, this is great to them. I haven't such a good time without having to have a big for calls. You know, we hit a one great call from that lady. Huh? Hey, we got Pudge, man. Oh, man, oh, man. Oh, man. This station is such a sports-magant magnet that even a few women jogs nippers out there are calling. Hey, what do you think about Pudge? Great player. What's upon a time? If he was so good now, he wouldn't be here. Do you follow him saying? It's like us. If we were so good, we sure wouldn't be working here. Here's Greg's facts today. Now, Greg read that is our Greg. I say our Greg because certainly nobody else wants to take credit for. Maybe he was cloned by the aliens. You think? Because he went down here. We always said he was out of this world. He says the following is an idea for a future poll. Most important thing learned from Neil's show over the years that the general public didn't learn until it was too late. He left one category off. Greg is an asshole. He left that one off of there. Just a joke, Greg. Just lighten up a little bit. And we're certainly not talking about Greg read all though. Anyway, go out and say I could give you a few examples, but I'm just going to tell you the probable winner. I first started listening to your program around 1991 or 92. I used to mention of course, you'll do all the isolated incidents involved involving child molesting priests. You would read the reports from all your different sources. I would think of myself, is this really going on as much as Neil is saying it is? I mean, back then you never heard about these stories in the media only on the New Roger show. Last year when all these stories broke in the general public star Lee, and learning what was really going on, I told my wife that this was nothing new. I've been hearing of these disgusting coverups for over 10 years on Neil's show. Not only that, I've woken up, and now question religion in general to that I say thank you, says Greg. Isn't that wonderful? Is that heartwarming? Warms the cotton? Business bring cockles to the warmth of your heart, well, Greg. Here you go. Pretty weak thanks today, but you're welcome. I don't want to suck around, I guess. It looks wrong with that. A lot. It's boring. I'll give you an example, as much as I love the mad dog and I really do. That's nothing to do with him. It's just an nature of the callers. Oh, Mr. Manich, it's such an honor to talk to you. I'm such a big fan here. I mean, as soon as I hear that, the CD goes plunging deep into that crevice in my car dash. Do you understand? It is the worst of the the Neil-looking boat-licking ass sucking just awful. And of course, it's a substitute for actually having something to say or talk about. And it's not helping the show. Not at all. Not at all. Because everybody else just like me is saying, Ah, gee, enough of the suck. And we're going somewhere else for a little entertainment, a little amusement. Right? Right? Not that we were fined it. And this is got to be. This story, I think, is what life is all about in America today. Makes no sense to me. Maybe you, our de-auties, could explain it to me. Consumers take claim for CD settlement. And I've seen this on television and I sit there looking at it and I scratch the big and getting larger by the moment hole in my head. Ask myself, how can this possibly be? Al-Sunchine comes on channel 4 news. There's another one I can't stand on there, even though I do watch channel 4. Him and Elliott Rodriguez. Ah, the two of them make my skin crawl. I'd like the weather for a compared to them. You got to do it like this. Like, so I signalling your first down in the football game waving at the ham-hot. Do this to the hot top. The time I hop with a big fat arm, Al-Sunchine. And he's talking about, well, you can get your, if you bought a CD between 1995 and 2000, you can get a 5 to $2.00 refund. Per CD? No. Oh. No. And to file a claim, you go to www.musiccdsetlment.com. Or, for a form to fill out, they got a toll fee number. Do you have to have proof of purchase? No. Do you have to show them in any way shape of a form they ever bought even one CD? No. No. You just fill out a claim that could be his money. All right. Yeah. So everybody out there in the audience, here you go. It better hurry, because it's a, it says the money is there, but only if people would take it. But not too many else to cover enough dry. I mean, this is the most idiotic, Jack Asical thing I've ever heard in my life. As the resolve, a giant settlement agreed to by the cut to his top music distributors and retailers, anyone who bought a CD, cassette or vinyl record, between 1995 and 2000 is eligible for a five to $20 refund no strings attached. As of yesterday, almost a million people, 36,000 of them plus from Florida, had vied for a piece of the pie, but there's enough in the kitty for more than eight times as many delay claim. The fee, the free cash is they fruit. Of 142 million dollar anti-trust settlement that the Big Five record labels, along with the 3 leading retailers agreed to pay less September after attorney's general for 43 state secused in a price fixing and ripping off buyers. Attorney generals from Florida and New York were the lead co-councils representing the states and music consumers from all 50 states are eligible for cut of the price. Under the settlement, 75.7 million dollars worth of CDs will go to nonprofit group's charities, libraries and schools, consumers who bought music between 1995 and 2000 will give the up $67.3 million dollars, less the attorneys fees in the cost of advertising they pay out roughly $44 million will be left. The settlement is the past final muster record in Maine which will revisit the suit in May. I hear you go. Consumers can get five to $20 each per person, not for every album purchased, depending on how many people stake a claim. In other words, it's TBA to be an asset. In Florida, the number of payments is doubled in the past to which according to the Florida rules office intended for the upwards by committee attention, the attorney general's office has sponsored TV and radio spots plugging the offer plans to unmore. No proof of purchases necessary to reap the suite of modest reward. All people need to fill out an online form, consumer lawyers, insist the side of secure, or contact the settlements administrator. The set of the cutoff date is March the third. No proof of purchases necessary. You just have to say, I cross my heart and hope to die. I promise. I promise to die. I bought a record. I bought a kiss. You follow me? All the way to the bank. And they'll send you between five and twenty bucks. Now you don't think anybody would like to get that money doing? I don't have to. So what is it? That's right. I bought a bunch. Carlos, you by any? Carlos, but he said he bought thousands. And he wants five to twenty bucks for each one. Thousands. Not to mention the other fifty thousand he downloaded from Wynn Mix. For free. See what I'm saying? Uh-huh. How about you do? Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Maybe the audience can explain this to me because I don't understand. I'm at a loss. I'm just lost. In other words, anybody in their brother can say, oh, I bought a CD. Even if you don't want to see the deck. Right. Even if you don't know what it is. Do you know who's running spots on TV now? What radio station? I give up. Plasticle music. Oh, yeah. So what are the other day? Are you ready for that? And of course it sounds real good on your TV because if you have good speakers or good TV, it's in stereo. You're hearing beautiful. Fasier with course on KT. It's a kind of has that in behind the Mozart and Bach and Brahms and Beethoven. Like that in behind. I score in her Howard Primer boy of suckers board every minute man. Lady fond of good one. 1056 and 560 WQM kick off a new year with a great new mattress for you and your back. In fact, if you can't afford it, fat boy, I think I'll buy one for you. Maybe not. What do you say? Let's have fat boy by everybody on subrandom mattress and dollar mattress. He's making a big box. Plus he ain't going to be around long anyway. What's he going to spend on? And he's not going to leave it to his family because it's fat as they all are. They're not going to be around long either, right? The fat family usually winds up as the dead family. Washed them all the best. The odds aren't looking too good for them. Washed them all the best. Anyway, when you call 1-800 mattress, you'll be talking to people who really know their stuff inside and out expert bed and consultants who recommend the perfect bed for you. Whichever name brand for you prefer they got all the top names. Seely, certa Simmons King coil and every size and style. And they have exactly the one you're looking for in stock this moment. Ready for immediate delivery. When they get to your home, which is exactly when you want them there any to our window, you choose the day in the time. Seven days a week. They take away the crappy old bedding this up the brand new bed and believe you may you and your back will feel a lot better for it. Because if your old mattress is lumpy and bumpy and worn out, if it's time to say goodbye to it, your back will tell you. You're going to feel like crap. So if you want to get you a great night sleep every night tonight and for years to come, call right now the expert to dial a mattress. You can't get a better day all the way around. 1-800 mattress, MATTR-ES, 1-800 mattress, 4-Dialometris. Rhy and local, we're sports video 5-60-U-A-M. And do I like that? Jump in on the taxi car, a birthday driver, federal park. You look that mean so quish-a-green. I could tell she was in the dark. So I acted out my pop-shurrayed and with my arms the trees I made. No bug speaks English and a mull. I went down the mountain and I made a wish where the weather was nice and sunny. I walked into a liquor store but the guy there talks real fun. I asked him for a pint of fortune, be me just not the end of what does that mean. The better speaks English and a mull. That corner deline. Hell I think I'm in Pakistan. Taking a smelly egg. Or you can go back to the lower end. I came here many years ago. I learned my ABC. I don't say much as gross years. I say pretty pretty. So get yourself to a classroom quick. You're in America now. Stop making me sick. You know, I'm about to speak English. Come on in a mull. 11.02.56. The WQA-M. I love that. I could play that from that one on a clock. If you come right down with it. And when here's the information that you're looking for. We're getting people nervous about this. I know George and Carlos are both frantically. Checking out this website. Be sure and get your thing in there early. Because they've only got enough for like eight times the amount they've given that already. I think you'll get yours. Anyone who bought a CD between 1995 and 2000 is eligible for a five to $20 refund. Even if you got only one. That's only a not like for each a CD but they're one. While one time deal. To file a claim go to this website. www.musiccdsettlement.com. Musiccdsettlement.com or they've got a tool for you. You can find it on the website. www.musiccdsettlement.com. www.musiccdsettlement.com. www.musiccdsettlement.com. www.musiccdsettlement.com. www.musiccdsettlement.com. www.musiccdsettlement.com. www.musiccdsettlement.com. www.musiccdsettlement.com. www.musiccdsettlement.com. www.musiccdsettlement.com. www.musiccdsettlement.com. www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccdsettlement.com www.musiccd Ann bakng www. Manhattan www.runuts혞혜혝ey path Donald suit being thrown out even though they say it's okay to sue the tobacco companies So evidently the people who smoke it even as legal to sell cigarettes But if you die from the disease even though they warn you then you can sue them for doing it But the food companies it's a different story and you want to know why? Because the food companies like McDonald's spend millions and billions advertising on the network Senate newspapers where a cigarette God people can advertise on TV anymore See what I'm saying? No, yeah, you do of course Here's a call from plantation hello Okay, I used to be able to vote with your poll that I got to do the sheet with those X-a-p-p Yeah, is there anything I can know Is this amazing God we have the jackpot today. We have the jackpot There's only one call left at a board anyway, that's it. That's probably a great to hear. Here's candle hello Yeah, I keep that They wanted the calls back keep that in mind, okay? No seven months of those bedtime stories man That was really bad and the like PD Lenny said oh, thank God you're taking calls again That shows you right there what I always said about him another programming genius a maven They wouldn't put a whole podcast for no man young Ron on here in midday. They could really spice it up a little bit. What do you think? Really do it? Moving right along. How's that pull coming? Who would you prefer to be the Democratic presidential candidate in 2004? 238 votes don't care they all suck 61 Bob Graham laid additionally apologize for that 43 don't care. I'll vote for Bushweeg Gardless 39 16.3% John Kerry 30 John Edwards 20 Al Sharpton 14 Howard Dean 10 Dickham art seven Joe Lieberman, Julie Lieberman's got six Gary Hart's got six and Chris Don for Chris dad's holding got two because George has no idea who that is Here's a call from Evan Tura hello now, Sam How are you? What can I do for us sir? What can I do for you? I saw your buddy touch your F-life week. Yeah, he's a nice guy. Why you give him such a hard time? 567. Oh 560 pound five 60 on the 18 teeth. It's so sad Here we are the last 10 minutes trying to revitalize the phone again takes some calls give you people one calls and opportunity That's the vent your thing Have we had one real come girl in fact even go back to the first call to what what about Pudge not one not a one And like I said you people I go to those hockey games don't ever come bitch in to me again because I've tried to 75,000 times in the last 10 years You haven't got a clue what's going on there They could be playing on leather they could be skating on leather on Pete Lenny's face and you still would know the difference Oh, what's he talking about he's always complainin you're never good enough for him. Okay, whatever you say Here's a call from Miami. We know this one's gonna be great. Hello. Hey Neil. I went through my first hockey game a couple of weeks ago Yes, and I got to see Peter wore else gate and he was like a newborn horse that's first trying to get on his legs Yeah, he just absolutely cannot skate at all Yeah, no kidding. One other thing I don't break my obli Champlain anymore either there's another bulletin for you there you go another another One of you forgot that you're pulling a couple of days ago. No, no, no, we're not doing a pull about the business See that's anything nothing to do with hockey or Peter were anything else all this guy wanted to do was call and add more crap about businesses I don't know you people are pathetic. I don't want to tell you how many people have been caught Oh my god, what do you let again all right they liked it tomorrow now today 10 past 11 Why you don't think it would beat the calls we've had in the last 10 minutes it would beat something it would beat beat We'll stick is what it would do Don't believe it coming at tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story Let's take a good hard stiff look into startup Their name was a goof on one of the world's greatest religious leaders So f*** them if they tagged they were Jesus Jones She's bright it has been eight seconds since my last confession. I took the Lord's name and they Please pick it me Jesus Jones front man in my getwards has been back in the awards forgiveness Continuous in 1991 when his career went into the sh***er after only one hit please let me have a ticket Again hey I changed the name of the banter Jesus is the best wasn't that good? You forgive me now. Oh, yes Mr. Edwards is a fat case Even hearing his confession every 20 minutes and night being like you on father Edmund McMick was happy to break the sacred bounds of his confessional For a hundred bucks and a sound bite on basic cable Thought you know all these rack stars the way they abused their stand in the community That's all right. He's in it you can go ahead and get dressed now and an aware moment of not this Seaching his creator for redemption Jesus Jones my getwards offered this analysis look I know I said right here right now There is no other place I'd rather be he while I was f***ing lying This sucks Jesus Jones they probably should have thrown with Buddha or something instead It's a big juicy stopping with look at Jesus right tonight on inside the behind 11 16 I got a major announcement because they come swing George for letting me eat those burgers this morning My name made me sick as hell Man I feel like death boiled over no wonder nobody wants to talk to me. I wouldn't either Didn't even know how I I mean they just can't you maybe it's going through the radio you know they can smell it Oh, I'm blaming on Carlos he's a one-year-protter man here right nook didn't you stuck when the nuke should have stuck his head There to my widow melt to that damn stupid ringing and put the pieces for you the exercise morsels Oh, God Man oh man At Wayne Arnold they got the kneelie burger and a little crazy John's got the mealy burger You mealy mouth and I'm gonna sue somebody for doing that to me In fact, I'm gonna sue pity Lenny for bringing those in the first place. I'm sure that when they come hot off the grill That it's a real three or you know same, but once they've been like warm boil over like that old warmed over stuff Like Casinova's material all old warmed over stuff Anyway Miguel says he's delighted to be able to help you out with the number For the acety we fund his direct light is no don't do that to him. He's not a bad guy. He just you know Six he's worn out from that new macris he's getting a lot of activity on there. Okay, you're just jealous M2 here's the tool free number 1 877 347 478782 or go to their website all the mega I mean what's his name same difference Carlos says that the print on there is so tiny is it really? Oh, man I could punch it up on here, but my bother WWE WW dot music CD Sorry music CD settlement dot com music CD settlement dot com or call toll free 1 877 347 4782 for a form to fill out and you can lie a lot. Hello. Let's face it I mean how many people off here between 1995 and 2000 didn't buy at least just one That's already have to have done is buy one or claim you have and if you got a family of 10 There you go that sounds like 50 to 200 bucks. It's better in your tass me bait unless you're multi millionaire Cheers I beg your pardon. I submitted my claim. Did you already? Yeah, why I thought you said it was too small or read? I didn't say it was too small. Yeah, so it's hard to know it's difficult. I knew it if there's a chance Chinaman's Tansen Hill and there's any opportunity if you get in five to twenty bucks Just think of all the weed that'll buy. Thought enough to fill a thimble Anyway, in reference to your program last Monday because they what they they're just not done with us We thought they were done see We apologize for that profusely wait now when you stop looking just bring in a hammer y'all stop looking at it Mr. Radio programming expert. You can't help what look at it. Yeah, I bet Well, they're still ain't very impressive. I mean, you know, so was a crab. It was a marginal book Let's see 10 to one. Is it like just a moment please folks? Whistle a tune or something Whistle a happy tune Men 25. Thank you. That's a good not too impressive. I think five boys probably lost all our young men out there And what are we sitting here talking to ourselves the home in a wall? Once I was on here reading all that crap for so months they all banned in the show Even though the three of you all lied and said you loved the bedtime's true They're like him doing the race if you would have said no Neil this really sucks You're gonna lose all the home in the audience. I just said okay. Let's never do that again So you sabotage the show probably mow paint them off So here's the fact that says in reference to your program last Monday West of question Consurements of the cock and bull restaurants. I try to call on Tuesday But after being a hold for an hour and 40 minutes my next My next class was starting a tea-tice well had to hang up The owner was salt task. You're absolutely correct. I remember that now and the son who helped him was Danny Danny Render one and join in Hylia I Grup with him and Normandy aisle on the beach also had list of more places for it that are no longer here since I've been here since 1947 so maybe we'll have to ask mr. Kaplan to have a son or J. Whatever his name is J. Kaplan You think since yati is obviously he's got Thousands and thousands more and the only thing that the colors are any good for is like contributing to a list A list not opinions not ideas not thoughts not critiques not anything but a list That's what we've degenerated to on talk radio and software. Don't blame me for it. That's the audience out there That's their material. Okay Every day you sit down here in the audience says that's it. That's their repertoire repertoire Five six seven oh, so let's go back to there. Let's just Schmidt can all I got all my tabloid stuff here Bill Clinton and Sex Therapy Martha Stewart's Monster movie Dr. Phil stressed out staffers are in therapy because of him. They're all running around going put a Kelle Riffa stabs reges into back Some heavy duty and poor ton thased stuff here, but ah, they don't want that They want to continue with that list, which you know what I'm thinking. I'm thinking there isn't at least more than three years in ten months at that left My specifications do you think? I still think I had a great idea just go out and get the old yellow pages And we'll mention and then we'll doc do a search to see if they're still in business or not Just on the first page we can kill a month or two think at least just on the art of arc in triple a limos things like that Here's a call for Miami. Hello, I want to contribute You left off General Wesley Clark from your list What's he running for? He's a Democrat. Yes, sir. Oh, that's right. He is while he's in small potatoes Well, he's exploring it. He was the NATO commander. No chance if you want we'll put it We'll make you feel better if we put him on yeah, okay. Thanks. You got him general Wesley Clark put him on or I did see him And they were asking him on the talking at night this weekend the previous weekend They were going put him in a bit of a van he's yeah, he's exploring it. You're right. Thank you, sir See there's a thoughtful person Huh, most of these people don't know uh who general Wesley Clark from Clark Kent From Wendell Clark you know when to Clark don't you over 17 maple leaves? Let's talk about some hockey. What do you say? Let's do a hockey show All covered rumor and guilty in here And Denise Puffman what do you say? No 560560 pound 560 on the 1810 now you know that next call is not gonna be legit Here's Hayley a hello See what I'm saying why do you do that to yourself? I don't really care but you get so you take it so personal You get so yes, it does he take it personal or not Just but just want to plan the bit there you're sitting in there like hyper ventilating like little measure about miss muffin What the what the what what good is a bitch in it me about what you relax relax I mean don't you're trying to rationalize the irrational, okay? You're trying to make a lots of balls out of a stone you're trying to skate on cement Here's Bocallo Hello yes, sir. Hey, I I guess tons of material for you. Well go ahead Did I hear you mentioned that you sometimes make some mistake of watching that I am a show on And that's done BC in the morning. I have I mean not in a long time I haven't done it but once in a while you didn't catch any of it this morning No The little girl reporter that they keep in the room reported this morning that Jeff striker has come out with a new country in Wester and Albuquerque anybody Adventure now It's for real apparently and You need to research it because she claimed that one of the hits was pop me in the pooper or something Who poopy in the popper? Yeah, poopy with your poppers But anyway What how you what is it now about 92 jet striker? Was real popular about 80 years ago It's George Detroit is searching for the download we might need to hear that song today Okay, we'll work out. It's my way to my not be bad. Yeah Sounds like I've read up George's alley go ahead. Don't get nervous my fingers that anywhere near it Listen funny how I'm as just can't see his way past riddicule and Clinton Day after day after day, but you ever hear him say a word about President Bova. I don't know because I don't listen I don't watch him anymore. You know watching a dead man in a chair doesn't really get me started early in the morning But here's something for us all to ponder yes, remember the golfer pain's to work yeah Now that jet took off remember what happened there? Yeah, and We've been with flying around in circles Well, no, it was flying on all night. Well, I was I know what you're saying yeah and across the center of the country They found that an F-16 was right next to it within 12 minutes Yeah, okay, now how come we couldn't do that in New York I got it got you okay I just want to help us to know that all of us American golf is on the water cup. We are Chinese too. There you go I'm a thank you pain Here's that number again if you want to get your refund 35 now just in joke five six seven five six seven that's our number five six seven five six What I say and pound five 60 on the AT and T line. I'm gonna start giving out bogus numbers Here's Kendall hello Hey, they all hey, does okay. Hi, they got a story for I don't know if you're a you for Bill you with Miami police department policies Am I familiar with Miami police department policies? What would that mean? Okay? Well, here's an example I was I went to a club for the first time down at Miami Beach uh and I was walking up to the club and I saw The balance is bringing out this Spanish guy clean cut looking guy and They're kind of rough in the bubble a little bit and then they gave them to the police and He like put pictures hands up to say we know what was I doing and then the cops pulled out their sticks They started it and I thought you said I thought you said Miami police department is his Miami Beach Miami police department Miami police It was uh and it was down by the American Airlines arena. Okay. Well, that's not Miami Beach Okay, so The cops hit this guy even they get up to the ground and his arms are on the ground and they the one cop still hitting them Yeah, I say to my friend. I said it kind of out of like let's please put down you have to please brutality You're not even black Right and then the cops like he's like you shut up you're such a bouts and the bounces are like all you're not getting in here Is that so like you know I didn't know I'm sorry, you know I've never been here before they're like that guy hit a girl in the club Regardless you don't bring a guy out of feel So I went to my buddy in line. I'm like Let me get the keys you know what you want to do he's like just stay here. We'll get you there Like a point or an end of this story. I mean I'm okay. So I Followed the line the cops never told me to leave anything and then I turn around and the two cops were up on me Okay, I'm glad you had a good time Uh five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon One of the closest close I'm ready for him cast the ways isn't closed When you well, why do you say it would such hostility in hysteria? Because it's only one seventy five thousand that we have to account for Well, remember that because they were a sponsor and During that whole day there were lots of you talking about that cast why's not that we're talking about the hotel I paid toward out about 20 years lots of businesses were being called up people saying that they're closed And then two minutes later somebody would call and say no. They're not closed Look at all the people listening. They're getting them right cast the ways as a closed. They're in Davy Yeah, and they're great, but they're not closed They're just not our show anymore Not right at the moment Who's who's that who's that who's a counter-zat Adams I think oh Adam when he's a good guy He might follow up on that He might 27 after 11 at five sixty wq a you know recently we had a delicious lunch in here what they was at Monday Tuesday We had a great lunch from florist. Lorsa still around. Hey, you don't have to check the list of the To-see is being naughty a nice about florist I think florist is one of the last standing businesses there in that part of the Nendic of the woods right off 79th in Biscayne and the reason that they're still around is because They build up a tremendous clientele over the years because of consistency Even though they've got some different people there now. They brought back the same great quality that made them famous in the first place Every single item that comes out of florist kitchen is made fresh to order just the way you love it from the homemade dough for the pizza and the garlic rolls To the fabulous sauces made fresh and never ever God forbid that's never ever Oh God for bid from a can great pasta specials every night to pizza specials our ridiculous 1199 for large cheese pizza would have dozen garlic rolls and leader of soda 1399 gives you a large cheese pie leader of soda and six chicken wings Be sure and try that homemade meat lasagna is oozing let me say it again just oozing with melted cheese Oh my god, do we love oozing melted cheese So many different things you can do with it and places you can stick it there open seven days a week for lunch and dinner and parties And the degree catering employers to you can call them a 3057585351 and You need right there if you like at 79th Street as two blocks east of the Skain Boulevard and the same location It's made in famous for the last 400 years come see why the Harold even call for us one of the great Italian restaurants in town Be sure and tell that Neil sent you by when you go in or call him and they deliver it to Koisai cricket club jockey club Mami shores as far south on this game as to 34th street north 135 west and north west 12 east to Collins 71st street And then also give you a pity Lenny's home phone number is cell phone and home address as well call for us tonight And tell me old Neil and pity Lenny since you buy Hi, it's pv Herman taking from me. They don't come any better than Neil Rogers The Chicago police department have uncovered more videos of R Kelly and under age girls these tapes soon to become classics Can be yours when you order the R Kelly? I'm having sex with a 13 year old video collection this box sat comes with such memorable moments as oh Yes, yes, and who can forget this classic moment oh my god do you remember this one? Of course you do it's from the hit movie when Harry met Sally that was fake the R Kelly I'm having sex with a 13 year old is all real at all R Kelly so get your order in today R Kelly tapes also available We put what's his name on earth the general now? I guess Eric is listening to the show right now. He's busy 5670561 I lied okay, we're not gonna put him on it. I'm making fun Texas. Oh, that's good Here's a fact it said I love these clonics see sometimes I save these and one minute till said it's a fact Suck it around and then they'll set us under hostile fact because they want attention They're desperate for attention the facts is if you think the colors are sick trust me What I tell you the facts is our a thousand times sicker and you know what really bugs them is the fact that they really have to get in their Hostility history today and these next few weeks because they realize that when I'm out here and you're sending me the stuff in Toronto You don't send me those The bullcraft so we really just stirbs them greatly so now they're season the opportunity. Oh, yeah We're gonna get in We're gonna send the hand of anger to the facts machine tomorrow's payday by the way Here's the fact this is Neil just to thought how about adding L. Gore? I know he's not running at this time No, that's why he's not on a pull. He's not running But I'm fairly sure and he received the majority of the votes how about a little grass roots pulling? Oh, thank you We don't want L. Gore to be running. Okay. We don't want to put a Segar store statue up there to be running for president Bob Graham's in lead by the way of those who are getting votes not even close 63 carries got 39 And then we got the bush factor 46 people 15% say they'll vote for bush regardless of who's running against them if Jesus comes back in sandals and runs They'll still vote for bush and don't care they all suck is in first place by a pretty good margin 82 82 people are oblivious and of course a lot of those people are wondering if all still be alive in 2004 Face that what's going on now with a goose stepers in charge Here's a fact that says one place that was mentioned was planted ocean on Kiba's game near the Sequoium Georgia's eyelids are getting very very heavy anybody would like to hypnotize George now's the time His eyelids each way 722 pounds They're drooping down to where his lip used to be Yes, we had that on there obviously obviously we did have that on there Here's another idiotic fact that says is that enough the guilty gets had bad in the mobots No, it is not how about laying off a little so what if he wants jigs job? Well, we don't want him to have jigs job He didn't hire Mo and now he has to work with him is that punishment enough? No, not at all not for the intent for it Ever and behavior we've seen out of guilty these past 10 or 11 months And also says question mark Clark Gillies in the Hall of Fame. What does that mean? What do you care about Clark Gillies? Who do you care about Bob nice to him? Who and that guy who sits in front of me right away cut the crap and if you pull the same annex in the least game away from next one Zambo to tell you right now. I'll have you end a blonde bitch both put together in the same cell I'll let her drive you nuts for about three and a half hours while we try to win your game if they have ice down by then See that was the mistake I made I just mentioned in passing a few of my frustrations with what goes on in the name of it Or timid at the macaroon and right away. Oh, he's talking about that hockey crap again Then that is the ultimate you might as well just shut the transmitter off in this town Rimmer 5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Clark Gillies my ass George Donnell him from Dobby Gillies here's pepper pine. Hello Pemper pines. Hey, how you doing now? Okay, sir. I think it's great you do your show from different locations I have new be reading the money held this morning and there you are listed that nine o'clock But I found someone to beat you out to get micronurial listed Then let's be one hell of a remote yeah From the other side the other side. Okay. I tried to the Harold sucks. Yeah, okay. Thank you That's a good news. Bye bye. Well, I guess better late than every you know little recognition even after the fact crossing over with microdairy right Better than a Jonathan Edwards guy By the way, the John Edwards in our poll is the senator from North Carolina and on Jonathan Edwards I just mentioned that because some of our people are a little bit moving less slow 560 10560. I think we're having a hell of a show today and spot some of these idiotic fastest from some of these mal contents out there some of these digits Just want to spew and spew and spew and spew and spew because it's an angry a nasty a means spirit Hostile freaking place is what it is. That's right. You've got it but it's more like like that Not like whatever to have you did that was just that was like that was a little league They want to extend the testicles of their anger and frustration and hostile into all Now let me say again that guy that sits in front of me shut up Here's for Lauderdale. Hello Yeah, sir great show First time listener first time listener first time listener. Yep. Just moved down here from where Oh, don't unpack You're like a here man. This ain't no mechigan This ain't no stir just Michigan or Kalamazoo or Marshall or Albion Michigan. I'll tell you that This no ain't no East Lansing or Grand Rapids or flushing Michigan or Saginaw or Bay City Go ahead I'm sick and tired of these anti-American quote-testing Like I said go back to Michigan 560 the anti-American. So in other words people have a freedom of expression their anti-americans We got enough of your kind down here already. So, okay I'll see you there in what's that redneck place in Detroit? I'm always talking about a can't think of where the trailer trash are sorry I'll think of it Taylor. I'll see you in Taylor machine outside of Detroit Probably all the big fat old Mommas have the big uh, Jaravassely in the economy size on the top of the TV said yeah I'll just in case of emergency. Okay 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and for you had it you had it been there You'd had a visit to Taylor machine once Hopefully real quick. We got Taylor parks here. Here's my him. Hello Miami Going once Going twice my him is dead. Here's my me again. Hello Hello Others Oh, this is crossiest One of your people one of your one dimensional pay. That's a liner. That was good 560 pound 560 on the AT&T Verizon wireless line maybe he listens to that show that they had another big article in the Sun sent libyes They were they did the crank call to a Venezuela is Shabbas the they had another 45 pages about in the paper See there is no English language ready when he mourns on photo. It's all uh Bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop like whatever he just said Because that's all they write about and times jick is still out there and Hollywood writing puff pieces about never shows They're most of us don't care about and certainly don't watch But keep in mind I'm out of touch And quite frankly the more I think about it now. I'm delighted all that period of time when I am out of touch. I'm ecstatic 20 till noon at 560 WQM if you're hares out of touch with your scalp is probably a good reason it's that big big ball spot that strikes most then Some guys start in their 20s even before start to loosen it even the lovely Tom Brady if you notice that he's developing a ball spot You ever saw that yeah like right right backwards starts not all the sun starts spreading and spring like Greg Reed man. I wouldn't be surprised by the by the end of this month Not a hair lift and that heat. Why is under a lot of stress? Anyway Charles Alpheris been doing it for over 25 years working with the famous in not so famous giving them a real natural look and head of hair with his natural Hereline system he used the latest technology and Charlie produces unbelievable results and that's what they'll do They'll show you how much better when you're younger they can make you look when you go in there There's a free consultation no obligation So if you want to walk around with holes in your head if you want to take a dangerous pills not getting a results anyway If you want to walk around with some silly grotesque dead musk read on your head be our guest But he who want to look really sensational like a real mench call the Charles Alpheris studios because like I tell you give you a 30 day guarantee You got nothing lose but that exciting Disgusting grotesque balls spot call 1 800 3 to 1 24 13 be sure mention that you're a majority of Tony to call because I'm acting extra 200 bucks Off the regular price test for mentioning my name 1 800 321 24 13 and get your hair back from Chuck Alpheris or you can check them out on the web if you like Charles Alpheris dot com I look I lay pop little boy it's been a year in the making now now Backing off their world tour with their latest CD got back seat boys Be sure their new hit single are we there yet Could we pull over I got to go to the bathroom Just such a winning also be trained turn around No stop it. I'm telling you kids right now if you don't stop I'm gonna turn this car around and we're going back home No The Prof at 11 that's a 1245 not and nothing we're in a big rush 1145 with 560 WCM the mad dog at one hand get three from San Diego in the side of the Super Bowl go box baby Not that I would have given crap. You got a route for somebody Florida team never want a stupid bowl don't like al Davis too much to say at least here is one from UCF Kennys He's dysfunctional I believe because he says in the 80s and Hollywood Beach Miami ice I thought we were done with that Somebody is definitely their trusting marshmallows who we got a force bar in the kitchen You know smelly or maybe faggot or head into like a problem that would be a grease fire I see Here's the facts of the day in spite of what Greg thought because his facts was very lame today All let's do Lauren Ken a lady and count whatever her name is she probably wants to talk about pledge Here's a lady in candle hello. Yes, this is Kendall. Yes, ma'am Hi, is this a famous new Rogers who is to be at the shape range cargo? No, no I've never heard of the shape of a chicaro. Oh, I wish we had one here if I had a $10 million dollar as I would start when the I guess you something you always drink before one time Or is it today? Never I never have a thing But anyway, yeah, we need a savory here we had all the famous people come there. What what are you? Am I what are you talking about what are you talking about are you listening to this program? Absolutely What does the shape of a reen Chicago have to do with the price of peanuts at the macarina? I don't know but I just want to know if you were the same as no When she called in the beginning I wasn't and you know what I'm still not So here's the fact or yeah, what I think I might be though Here's Tim pots. I know what he is he's an asshole. Yeah, his facts today Neil. I usually agree with most of the things you say how are we wait? I want you to listen to this carefully However, I think there's a big difference in the tobacco lawsuit in the McDonald's lawsuit People have to wait to survive so they need to be responsible about what they eat and not blame companies who make food that is not so healthy People need to smoke to survive but choose to do so on their own I would say that they need to be responsible for what they smoke and not blame tobacco companies The problem is that they tobacco companies that extra nicotine their cigarettes So that people have a harder time quitting less helping them smoke their lives away and get all those red diseases If they didn't add nicotine their products, I say screw the smokers, but they do without warning you So that you may not be able to quit because they've added nicotine so you won't be able to quote once you start smoking I like the food places like McDonald's and other fast food joints or any of the food manufacturers who put the hidden sugar like in the ketchup Is coal naturally caffeinated oh, yeah, I'm put all the caffeine in there to hook you on a caffeine so you're drinking soda by the gal like George is right now Swilling it down in Louis, Florida number Honey like that that's right Tim yeah, I always knew you and have word like a life Challenged his logic is backwards Because you have to eat to live their faith makes it even worse right Nobody has to start smoking they do so of their own free volition nobody holds a gun to your hands Says hey smoke this and try it you're like it, but you don't have a choice and also there is no food product that I know anywhere That on the label says if he'd enough of this, it's gonna kill you or make you fat right or make you fat Well eventually kid you will rock kind of protest diseases and write out your teeth and the law fall out and make you Dennis rich It's underman so either the sack of sugar the sack of sugar now we're talking where is it God this show can be over before we can say goodbye here life would be unbelievable me today would be a good day See this is another one of those days where I feel on this end this has been a dynamite show on his sin I mean just spectacular kill us first two hours a really fantastic I just an unleashing of a lot of crap that either be done and you audience Yeah There is no way to please solve Florida. This is an impossible place How the hell am I survived 20 70 years in his place huh? It's a freaking miracle There's no way to please them Now we want to go back to what you were doing days ago. We want more places out of no I mean it look we don't have to take any calls ever again I think I've proven that we've one out reading bedtime stories, but if that's the best the audience now Listen why don't we go back to that though? They're elected a lot Nobody me that's all they can do is lists That is that's not a call that's not an opinion. It's not an idea if not a thought it's not a brain fart It's not anything or if they bitch about lists Yeah, I didn't call that well. That's really boring your boronos didn't win this gonna end already Here's Papino hello Papino I Here's haven't sure hello Hello, yes, sir. I'm sorry. I don't think so First thing I wanted to bring your attention the Spanish group is the fastest growing group in America Which is probably why all of the radio stations are programming towards them They've already passed blacks in the growth minority territory Yeah, we saw that on the news two days ago, sir That's not like a major bullet and you're saying it rather breathlessly like you What's up? Where did it yesterday? I'm sorry my day behind you you are okay The other thing I wanted to ask you this if he hung garrions where the fastest growing ethnic group in America Would we have like 55 hung garrions stations in this market? I don't think so. I could be wrong for us That's that's true. It's just it is what it is. I don't have any control over it either. Neither do I know I also wanted to ask you realizing that Most of the time the more liberal Democrats don't have a chance of getting elected in the president Isn't that is not said? I'm sorry. I said isn't that said? Yeah, right Yes, you know, I wanted to ask you about that was where does Chris dot 10 to lean and what specifically do you like about his platform? Because he's a like Kennedy like a liberal from New England That's why I like it's also like John Kerry very similar John, but realistically I guess they don't stand a chance I wouldn't say John Kerry doesn't stand a chance. He's a war hero I mean Chris dot is less known and the probably would stand less of a chance. I think John Kerry's got a shot But you don't think like the rush go types and all of those will just gun those kinds of people down Is it what the what types? You know those that the heavy set guy who's on 12 o'clock radio or some in rush. Oh, and I'll I'll ask Limbaugh fat ass Limbaugh Yeah, I don't think he I don't think he determines you. I don't think that most sane people listen to fat ass Limbaugh I think that did oh heads the people who had heard the same crap repeated every day those are the people who and they're always gonna vote Republican anyway Yeah, that's true. That is true. You really shared. Okay There we go. He just wants to be reassured Pet him on ahead and give him a quarter and give him the number for the CD we fund 5 6 7 0 5 6 He's gone so I'm that off the year. I'm gonna go check my meal. Yeah, I had Miguel had a lot more calls than we're getting I'll tell you that About 40,000 that's always the case. Yeah. Oh, where do we get our money back? And by the way if you if you're a classical music person you're not getting any money back Because we know he didn't buy me CDs because you cheap and all you might do is belly acre Yeah, my feet music on a radio is gone The people are cut above all the rest of his lives. Well, I got heartburn man You wouldn't believe it. Heartburn has been invented yet and when you got good and I BS all of these things I got some for you. You know something the sugar. I re-eyed it better The chocolate lace so tomorrow. We're eating chocolate lace all of us even Carleson on second thing of his name because of those burgers. Oh Oh my god I warned you I said don't let him bring those in here and you just sat there like some kind of a little Quizzling You knew what was gonna happen. But always Every turn this is this is one of the evils about I sure hope it warms up up north soon It doesn't look like it but please pretty play his soon Because the longer that I'm here the greater challenge it is to my survival Here's a call on the alley hello Well, it is Try to follow that woman from the shape or ring the guy for fishing in the stop. Yeah Don't give a shot it has to be better. I'll try you know and your father I really think the only Democrat that really has a chance because of the conservative nature of America is Bob Graham here's a guy who has Executive experience as a governor he he head of the Senate intelligence committee He's the only guy much smarter than the schmuck bush It says hey go after the terrorists and I'll kite and don't worry about the DOM right now right He he carry Florida and it may be if it took to Gallagana Where do somebody is the running mate? They have a kind of his chance and held a beat the bush My thank you got it. Thank you. I'm all for it. Thank you. I'm all for governor Bobby. Okay, be the governor Bob He's a good old boy. No, no seriously. I think that you know he was You know As governor I think he was okay certainly better what we got now. Oh my god light years ahead of this goose stepper that we got now See this is what just amazes me is what what is with you people what is with you people? The headline in a front page this morning says a while later that that class size amendment is gonna like bust a budget And we just kind of forward it. This is the same governor that when he ran for reelection his last time said He's got a dv is plan to subvert the world of the electorate and even if they do pass it which they did he's gonna find a way to get around it And a publicly words with an overwhelming landslide victory because they started a bunch of this crap about how Bill McBride's gonna have like a state income tax which is prohibited by law anyway and you have to have a state Constitutional amendment to allow it I mean you can't complain about the intelligence of the Florida electorate because they're basically isn't any it is there is no This this is sad tragic Well Chris thought I mean and then I'll see you know the right wing has done a great job Liberta Dirty word I can remember when I was a young person about 100 years ago Liberal was something you were proud of Franklin Roosevelt Harry Truman liberal was not like something to be proud of John Kennedy But since the Reagan days and he's last the 20 years plus now they've made liberal a really dirty word Kami Pinko, you know they've gone way beyond what Joe McCarthy was able to do bleeding heart bleeding heart Kami Pinko Fag Liberta there you go all the adjectives In the fact that somebody as a student as you pretend to be didn't even know who Chris dot was who exactly you better get up to connect to get mister Okay, I'll be right back start connecting the dots It's the 12 to one hour at least for today This is former vice president and allegor you may have noticed picked up the temple somewhat my cadence is Tunchier and more up the the timber in my voice more positive and confident This being radio you can't see the slager in my walk but trust me it's there Monai you certainly heard I will not be running for president in 2004. Let me tell you what I'm not under eggs. I don't have a drinking problem Although I still like a good belted bourbon more than occasionally now friends since my parents on third at last I've decided to take another direction in life. I never realized I was the damn funny For the first time in my life people are actually laughing with me and not at me So I'm going to become a stand up comedian Have already been booked at the ha-ha seller in Newport Richie Florida and the ox and Lancaster pencil vania Initially I'll be performing with other funny men I'm on the village at Jeff Fox really thin blood Elaine do floor and shitty tenuta who plays the squeep box I've retinied the old-gore laborment tour bus with smaller faces and the mass of comedy and tragedy Who knew I was so damn funny? I've also taken having sex publicly with tipper good times flu on the road the road of laughter From 115 60 WQM he's a real hood any when he says the squeeds box I just above all are the charges love that In fact I got rid of my harpoon for me 5 6 7 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line mad dog coming to go on a clock Paul Castro we just got the announcement will not be working here under any circumstances Here's the a question of the an our poll neo-rogies dot com please read the stories on air is not a good bedtime stories today including Several of people were faxing me long after we had them on there. That just drives me up the wall and Carlos don't like that either Who would you prefer to be democratic presidential candidate in 2004? It's never too early to ask a specialist since run a verge of World War III Don't care they all suck 94 We got 264 votes which ain't bad considering we didn't do the first hour. It was a long time it was my fault because I was rambling on Do I want to apologize for that? No, no, I was great And if Todd's recto like it T you okay, we took a poll under building they all hate you Todd and I said it those shirts when I would God they'm Lincoln's haircut They don't care they all suck 94 Bob Graham 83 BDI Bob that last guy was out of something Bob Graham and John Edwards all of their both southerners at the Bob Graham and Chris Dodd Or carry I don't think John Kerry wants the number two spot No, no, no carry in grand Oh, I don't think Bob Graham wants it all Oh no Bob Graham has been mentioned as the number two man for now. He if he's going forward. He wants the top spot You got it. I got it. It's a he won't I got a Dalmatian Name is skipy Put it anyway Let's see. I don't care. I'll vote for Bush regardless 57 that's 15.3% hard answers. Oh, they're all gone. Now anyway See what we ought to do every day noon after we play that noon to one hour thing. We ought to play Let's do that like that and then they'll be confused. They'll stay right here. They'll think that it's uh You've got hemorrhally Burning Best Oh, it's wrong. I know it's because it's not in here. Is it shirt is preparation rush? No, it's not It's not one of the discs. It's not in there I'll bet you about $50,000 right now against 14 cent Canadian Not in it, is it you owe me 14 cent Canadian Mr. A let's see a John Kerry 47 John Edwards 25 Jonathan Edwards probably do well. Al Sharpton 20 How are Dean 14? I don't think that's real Do you believe or man 10 he is real? Did give heart eight. Yuri Hart 7 Chris Dodd 2 and general Wesley Kirk's got one which is the guy that well we just put it on there We apologize to that guy. He did say and I saw the same show he saw We saw you saw where he said yeah I'm uh forming an explorer sport to a committee I think I had something to do with a colonoscopy, but he's forming an explorer committee they're looking into it General one easy good guy you ever see him you know which one he is well there's so many of these retired generals on there now You know as we're beating the drums of war and do you see the polar Washington post the other day? More and more the American public are saying not so fast W maybe you're getting impatient, but what's the big hurry? Okay, what's the big hurry? Yeah, I think what we want to do is hook the hose up to the world feels before said I'm lots of them all on fire Because if he does the same thing he didn't quite which is what he's trying to do now it would be kind of a waste to Expect all these lives and jeopardize the security of 270 million American people just so that we can go over there for Chevron and all the other World companies and hook up the hose. It would be a massive useless hose job And believe me, you said him will do that make them a stick about that Plus you do understand that even less like how many years ago's that like how many years 12 years ago? In spite of that the Pollution is still in it's still out to gone. Yes. That's a much of the oil that he dumped into the Gulf right the chance that he's still not gone So you're talking about not only in terms of a Political catastrophe you're talking about in terms of an equal well of course What it comes to the ecology of these people are like environment right that's a liberal That's right we want to make it not mandatory. I want to make it volunteer Honey liberal property. I was all of our friends in big business. They won't pollute anymore than they feel like I don't even Day that effect they'll set their own standards. Those such thing is the environment in fact I'll come and pee in your lawn if you want there is no environment. That's true. It's a myth It's a coming liberal pink O myth all that crap. The only money. There is no global warming. There's no sunshine The greatest thing a few months ago. I mentioned it then it's just amusing as hell now we can enjoy the fruits of all of this global warming stuff Because now we don't have to have those severe winners anymore Guess what surprise They don't get it You're gonna get it if you don't cut it out 567.0560 pond 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line Here's plantation. Hello Yes, sir. Hey how are you great? Listen, I ran into an old dear friend of yours Who's happened to be strongly for the war? I'm listening, yeah Stan Major yeah, he's not an old dear friend of mine at all I thought I remember the way back he was yeah when he was up there. And what's the point? Why do you have the radio turned up sir? I'm sorry I'll turn it down. Please do so stand up Yeah, I ran into him at the copa and you just want to me to say hi to you Yeah It's a copa. I just want to do the liver there. Oh, yeah At the copa 567.0560 pond 560 on the AT&T good god. You it must be in the water supply Or in the air like that toasted mustard. I'm smelling it right now. They must be having a wini roast Here's a call from Naples. Hello Hey, Neil hi Okay, sir. I kind of want to agree with the guy who mentioned earlier that he thinks Bob Graham would be a good candidate I kind of agree with him and I'll get you a little bit I'm actually a Republican down here, but I like what Bob Graham did as a governor and I like his track record as far as the center However, I do want to get you mentioned if Chris died as a running mate for What would you what would you picture? them Being able to want to get some bush on up and then Because I think a lot of Candidates are going to have a hard time Obting his popularity as far as with the whole work thing. What do you think would be the critical moment let me say this In other words, it's now January of 2003 the elections in November of 2004 and we're like getting ready to go like invading a rack and dovetling those What else so it's pretty hard to say right now what they're going to be running on but have a great day I mean, this is just we're just scratching our heads. This is just exploratory, okay? And if I have to lay out a whole bunch of things as far as what this administration has done well You're not paying too much attention read our website maybe read a newspaper turn on CNN turn on MSNBC God forbid turn out foxpashist news Well, that's not a good idea 560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line by the way the market is down and that's a awful lot again And we're reading the economy the mirrors of the big cities in the country are like call on DC and saying we're dying over here We're starving. Oh money. We got real tourists, baby But have no fear because the bush might do's here and once he gives the rich another round of tax cuts all our whiny Reagan Just wait and see the kind of recession in the person we can have Here's Candle. Hello Candle. Yes, sir. Hey, you know I great I got a great spy report on Hank yesterday And I was always dropping names of everybody who's had lunch and dinner Yeah, yes today his first guest he's out in San Diego was gonna be Gilbrand the former Cowboys You know play a personnel guy You there. I'm here. Okay. And the first two times he said he introduces my good friend Gilbrand The first two times Gil has an opportunity to address him by name he calls him Dave Yeah, and at the end of the interview he says I apologize for calling you Dave His good friend Gilbrand he doesn't even know his friend. Yeah, well, so what's the point you don't like Hank? Is that what you try to see? Is that what you try to see? You don't like our truck for real Pat Pringle Yeah, let me just guide this I'm going to tell you this when you drop that many names sometime you can't keep him straight. Have a great day Puts Good godly Miss Molly. Well, we got a bunch of overgrunt chillin down here. That's what we got overgrunt children immature Cut off from reality cut off from the real world Cut off from the living and breathing masses 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. What are we gonna do about the dolphins to fix them up for next year? What are we gonna do we're gonna fire Dave on step? It's Jay Feelus. We're gonna get a J. Feelor a bus to a Tel Aviv. What are we gonna do? We gotta do something man cuz we're embarrassed where he humiliated where degraded Wasn't bad enough about that fiesta bowl All these other things were cursed down here. Let's face it. We're in south Florida. We're cursed down here and we're stuck I could in and hold it Hey Oh Wow Oh Hey Guys for go Renn칚o so come pracy Canadian people I'm a cranky homophole. Not that I might as well put on way too old. I bet the size about fear than death. It attrists with feet low my man friend. I'll just make up with ginger or something. And then ask him to break my bun. Oh there you go again. So I would not feel for more spoiled. And I would not be ashamed about a ginger and more gay union. From O.K. Union with fake me, feel guilty in gay. Everybody follow my thousand balls. I would not be ashamed about a ginger and more gay union. With fake my sorrow, holy ass, kill safe. If we had a ginger and more gay union, then he wouldn't have to get me raped. 2016, why no one to the kids are learning anything. Here's a fact from my high school civics teacher in Parain. Or so it says the fact of that was this. As they pontificate on page and imprint. Name the last two ascended elected to the presidency. Who didn't first become president as a result of assassination or resignation. It would seem to be probably John of Kennedy, 1960. Okay. Am I correct? Okay. Case closed it says. Get real senators don't get elected presidents in this modern political era. Or the elected views them as insiders in part of the problem. So in high school civics teacher in Pripyrine. nonsense. Anybody ever heard Jimmy Carter? Governor from a little peanut state. Ever heard a handy for you before they propped his ass up? How about Bubba? Governor of Arkansas. Anybody ever hear a handy for now? So the candidates are who ever they are propped up there in the special interest to sign. This is going to be because that's what it takes. Is all of their money. High rush. Have a great day. I mean nice to see. Here's this again. They just won't give up these bastards. They're Adam Adam. I mean that personally. John because he's got his name on here. When I caught you a bastard. John all of course we will check it out. There was a restaurant north of open park on Andrews. A block, uh, a bottom block called Kielbs. Which had great food 100 or three years ago. Well this seems to be the same fact that John sent me days ago and we're actually talking about that. Are we talking about that now? Well thanks a lot John for continuing to really have a great effort. By the way, the beast is going to be doing the updates. On mad dog shawgan today I want to clock. So be sure and to an occasion Mr. yesterday when we promised that today's might be just as entertaining. The sports updates at one. The beast and of course we know that he's unprofessional. But of course here in the arrest of day where we have a sense of humor. Sometimes on professionalism using and great we like that because we love the beast. Unlike some people who like you know when a doubt they pushed him out and then said, Or you could do information right here on the knee arrives your show where they can always tune to get the right ratings. The right information. Not a lot of bluster. As in finiest T. Five six seven. But we should have a lot of open lines on that phone, you know. There's something with this crowd that I don't know what it is. What what is it? You're not doing another list. Oh is that what it is? We could do the ugly people thing but we'll say that for another day from your friend David Jeff Heiz boyfriend. Here's our last call in sunrise. Hello. Good morning Neil. Yes, you're good afternoon to you. I was so close. I was so close to the paper last night. I can't hear a thing that you're saying man. You were going to be in the paper, you know. So I was serving a paper last night. You were serving a paper? In what manner? And I was the guy who was serving was walking the TV program. I don't know what program he was watching but it was talking about pretty much catching the bug. It was the phrase that he kept on saying catching the bug. And I was wondering if he heard anything about that. Casting the bug? Catching the bug. I have no idea what you're talking about. Is this that article from Rolling Stone that Mad Dredge was pumping up on his self-hating website? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Catch it. Catch it. And what about it? What about it? I was as my blog that people would have sex in oil with another partner that has AIDS and the Russian. And you really believe that 25% of the people infected with HIV are going out there intentionally to get infected. You really believe that. Yeah. Let me ask you this. And of course that was a story that was for people who are either self-hating facts like some people on a website or other people who want to attack the gay community. If they're right one. When the overwhelming majority of gays are still in the closet, how do you do a pool and get an accurate percentage on something like that? Do you ever think about that? No, no, I mean, Conesters like when a majority of people are gay are very deep in the closet, how is it possible to pool them and come up with such a number? Much less any people I would have read, many such things. So sick. I'm sure that there must be a handful who would do that. Yeah, because I mean, you know, and today's society, I mean, I do a so many wackos on a daily basis. Yeah. Well, there's plenty of wackos out there. Sure, have a great day. In the early days, nearly 80s during a Reagan era. Oh, yeah, the homosexual community, they're out there having sex with prostitutes, so they can have the prostitutes go back to their husbands and spread the gay plague to the heterosexual community. Right. It's a conspiracy. Exactly. A gay, a gay, a gay agenda. Just like this wacko that Bush wants to put on the AIDS commission. It's just part of the same right wing thing. You know, they pendulum his turning man. The worm is turning. He said, is he swung that big black worm back and forth? Even Edgar Allan Schmol would be proud to see that. 560, 050, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Catch the bug. Here's North Miami. Hello. Can you hear me? Okay, sir. No, I like this. I just want to hear you. I was ripping the Bush all the time. I mean, you can take the stuff and become a long long time. Sir, sir, let me say this to you. Okay, you're in town of the European, which I totally disagree with. If you're like my political pinnays, you can do one or two things. You can become angry about that and not listen anymore. Or you can just accept the fact that that's my opinion. I'm in town of Osprese. I'm just trying to understand where you come from. I'm coming from where in hell of a lot of people are coming from. Keep in mind, he lost the popular vote in the election. But that's not true. Sir, let me say it again because you're not listening to what I'm saying. He lost the popular vote in the election. By more than a half a million votes. That's not true. Again, that has to do with the going on the democratic party. Now that he admittedly the things are creating that thought on it. When mine. Sir, did you, well, I would even bother. Why? Why would I bother? Wait, so too much time is exactly. Maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe. See, it's just amazing. It's shocking to me that America has become such a bunch of digital heads. And anybody who expresses an alternate point of view publicly, I guess it's okay behind closed doors. But if you have the balls to come on here and say publicly, that we're dealing with a bunch of right wing fascists of their bunch of goose peppers, well, I'm just a poll to do it. That's my opinion. I don't care if you're like it or not. Take it or leave it. He's the best thing that's coming along in a long time. Since sliced bread. That have attracted attention. Right, see? There you go. Based on what? And he's getting sick and tired of waiting. Okay. He's tired of waiting for the U.N. He's sick and tired of the damn Germans in the French. And everybody else. And we got everything already and geared up in their mess and up his plans. God damn it. And they pulled the other day in the Washington Post. And of course, it must be those comic-pink-o people in the media. Over 70% of the public said, we ought to be damn well-weighten and give the inspectors more time because it appears that at least they're starting to get their job done. There's no big rush to go jump in there. And jeopardize the safety of not just the troops over there, but all the American people in this country. But they got their own agenda. And he can't understand. All those protestors that were out there saying, well, I've said times 10 all over the weekend. Most of which didn't see on the network news because it's highly censored. Because they pander. But if you're watching C-span over the weekend, all those hundreds of thousands of people that protested all over the country, I guess I must be the only one they were just to pigment in my imagination. I just pretended that they were there. You sure are tragic. And the fact that you're so politically naive that you don't even know that Algoro won the popular election by over half a million votes. Even though we lost the electoral college, this got what no the electoral college from Uranus. You know something? This is a sad country. A one-strate country, and now sad. Uneducated, biased, right-winged, biased, bigoted. You know, we were making a lot of progress for about 20 or 30 years. And then started with Reagan. And they were, they were pikers compared to these guys. They were always small potatoes. I mean, you know, the seeds were planted then. And now they're all blooming. And a lot of the same cast of characters, the rum spells. Dick, Dick Cheney. All of these people from the pop-a- bush, from Reagan and the first chapter of this right-wing sickness. And I always see the obbite, uh, fetus auger is coming out again. And a president's pan-winged to the fetus auger's. Then people would have brain who are saying, you know, stem cell research could be helping a lot of people right now already. But we don't want to do that because we have to keep pan-winging to these right-winging. These warning-and-loonatics. Who used to be considered wackos, who used to be considered the alter-right-wing fringe, just like we consider the American Communist Party, the left-wing fringe, which generally don't even exist anymore, we used to consider these people the right-wing fringe politically. And now they take it into the Republican Party over. But why am I expressing these things? I mean, why will he just doesn't get it? Why I'm so hard in the prison. He's the best thing to come down to road since Murray, town or more. Since hebert Hoover, right, the economy's great. He's an Calvin Collector in those Clinton years when the economy was bad. Calvin Cool just Thomas E. Doeie? Tricky Dick? All those great Republican presidents? And wannabes? 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon line. Just amazing. Like I've told you before, one thing we don't want to show is that, and I've learned it the hard way you will never ever make a difference. Not doing a talk show in Miami, you'll never make a difference. All you can do is the best thing coming, go. Move a little bit like that, do a couple of lists here in there. Play a few comedy bits. Scream any other about Todd Reck is an asshole. And the audience is happy. Here's Miami, hello. Neil, yes sir. Hi, how you doing? I'm doing great. I totally agree with you. I think pop and politics is just wasted breath anyway. So, onto more serious subjects. Have you tried the new Ben and Jerry's, uh, making Wookie Pie ice cream? No. Oh, same ice cream that's in fish food, but it's got the marshmallow and devil food cookie. The chocolate. The chocolate. The chocolate. The ice cream. The chocolate. Yes. And anyway, uh, great to hear you again. I'm sure you can't wait to the temperatures come back down in normal up in Toronto so you can get the hell out of here. Hey, man. And, uh, wish you all the best and I don't know what we'll do without you when you're, you know, done doing this here. A couple weeks right. Okay. Have a great day. You too. See you around. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. We're going to go over to the city. Anyway, Marty said, go away. 28 past noon at 5.60 WQM. Another right day is gone by. You're still underpaid and stuck in a crappy job. You're in set to you. How's the new contract coming by the way? If you're looking for a high paying career, pick up the phone and call fast train toll free at 1 866 fast train. If you enroll right now, you can be certified on the way to a new high paying job. By April get out of your dead end, rot dammit. If you can commit three nights a week, fast train. Can have you certified as a computer professional by April. I guarantee you know what a lot more than little, what's his name? Pick up the phone and call fast train toll free at Carlos at 866 fast train. The offer job placement easy financing day that we can classes to and got four convenient locations. There's one in Miami, one in Kendall, Pembro Pies and Fort Lottodale. It's just one simple call. It's all that takes to get you out of way to a new setting career. So if you're sick and tired of being paid like nickels and dimes, call fast train right this moment. And pretty soon you can be a big shot like Jeff Cohen. Call fast train one 866 fast train and check them out on the web at fasttrained.com. My and local year sports radio 566, UAM. God, Neil. I went through the so-so party. I was bad at by the priest. He said, come with me. I have some friends to see back in the periphery. When we got to the so-so party, there were some other priests in the book. All right, then he dropped his pants and said, do you good last? Your base I want a stuff. And I realize now, I didn't do very well. Is he cause the priest couldn't get all so it had the priest himself? One more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more. The priest at the so-so party said, have faith some try it again. As he took my hand, and he said that me, he'll just try to understand. He said there's something I must remind you before you give it another chance. The holy man who wrote the Bible, weren't wearing anything. Now I'm all right now. I can do that very well. It's good that I can please anyone. Won't go to hell. Who wants all those years of unmet prosperity? You know all those records here plus we don't want those. I'm sorry Jeff, Jeff Cohen's in here with lots of a free sample. Thank you. That's right, we don't want the prosperity do we? No, we want to have a deficit. We want to have more big tax cuts for the rich and the big corporations. Don't get me started with that stuff because like I said, we're going to make no impact. No difference. Don't confuse the American public with the facts. That guy that was insisting that Bush won the popular vote. What is he talking about? What you liberal democrats. One of the eight all day. Is it a Yahoo? He's just a moron. No, but there's a difference. Sometimes crossover. Anyway, it's a tort and tell you about bringing people where you get some great information from the audience. Steve Faxes and says, hey Neil, Channel 7 just announced the state agencies. Red is Jim Bush, ready to the office of Miriam, all the failures today. During the raid they found a box containing a thousand uncounted absentee ballots. Wow. What's a big, uh, it was a hundred ballots and he says a thousand. I heard the ballot difference. It's still unacceptable. And of course, it's the only maybe the tip of the iceberg. We have probably ballots laying around all over the place. Remember the election where they had like boxes about was the presidential election. I do think. What had like boxes about it. Thanks, Jeff. People took home overnight. Remember that? Right. To the condo. And they used them as a game. Playing cards. Yeah, they were playing nuts in Rummy. And they used them as moshong tiles. Oh, bro. So Steve has got a little bit of a problem with his numbers. But that don't confuse the American public with the facts. They're very well informed. What they're not going to do to change things. Nothing. Just continue having a wonderful time going right to the bank. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Many, many open lines here today. The audience is just as mom and there is a tight lift. Roodle. Brudel. Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Sorry, sir. Where does the ice come from? Here's a call from Hollywood. Here's our last call of the day. And it's from Boca. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line. Boca, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, um, did they do about the stem cell research? We just take all the right wing wackos. And whatever we, whatever medical advances or miracles we find from the stem cell research. We will bar them from ever. Okay, great. Brilliant, sir. Great idea. Great idea. How's that pull coming? I'm glad you asked. Who'd you prefer to be the Democratic presidential candidate in 2004? We got 448 votes. General Wesley Clark Scott too, so that got a call. He's got one and then his girlfriend or boyfriend or wife or a little kid. Chris Don 3, Gary Hardlevin, Dick's got 11. Do you believe him in 11? Howard Deen's got 14. Alan Burk, original Deen's got a couple. Al Sharpton 23, John Edwards 27 John Kerry 58. I don't care. I'll vote for Bush Regardless say 75, 16.7% Bob Graham 101. And don't care. They all suck 112. That's the results of our stored nearly important in scientific pool. Right up to date. Pembroke Pines, hello. Hey, me, I'll tell you what really pisses me off. And what's that? The shows on CNBC telling people the by stock and everything else in there. They need to really start getting into these guys and start arresting Mark Ains, David's neighbor. By the way, do you think he's gay? No. You don't think gay? Do I want to date? I'd like to have from you know. Okay. 560, 560, Pond 560 on the AT&T. For Eisenhowerless line. What are you looking at? You're watching George Herbert Walker, Boistering that debate. It's not a good idea to look at your wristwatch and public. Hello Jeff Coins in here. He said he likes to watch. 2221, a cure. We got a mad dog. I'm not forget the beast is coming up with some heavy duty sports headlines. It's a one o'clock top of the hour. Interesting to see how that goes. Here's a great place. Man, it'll really set your free. Do you like to Westbulcom millions and millions of people are fat. Or we're fighting a battle of the balls. While Jeff is in their sucking out of his chicken wings. It makes me nauseous. Just watch him. Do you know that he's spued like chicken bits all over me? What is that? What's that he's eating now? What is that? Sobital cookie. Oh no. Well, it's a good thing I'm getting out of here real quick. Why? Can you smell it already? That's just yet. It's seeped right out of the door. From that Sobital cookie that he's much in there. God, just disgusting. Much of these people filling their face. Well, I'm trying to talk about people losing weight. Anyway, the lights is your headquarters for all the low carb products that you're looking for. To keep you on a straight and narrow path of run atkins. Look at it. Glad you enjoyed it. Jeff have a great day. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. That was beautiful. They just spit that baby right out. I don't blame him. Anyway, there's good reasons for a thousand people to be shopping there. And you ought to be doing the same because you'll find over 600 delicious low carb food products in this one great store. This week, trying to do in chairman low carb cookies in six delicious flavors with only one to two carbs per cookie. You'll be in snack heaven at Delights. So whether you're looking for the carbolite ice cream, bread, chips, muffins, cheesecake, pasta and sauces. All of these things. Delights of West Focus, a place you can shop and get all those low carb goodies in one great store. And you can sample, try anything this story for you. But the staff knows their stuff inside and out. They're open seven days away to 10 to 10 and that Delights you'll find the most complete line of Atkins brand products. Anywhere's that are always 25% off today. Tomorrow next sockets every day. And of course, Atkins is becoming more and more popular. So if you want to find a store that'll get you all the products that you're looking for. Give it that variety that you need. Head for the number one low carb sugar free store around. Delights of West Focus on the Northeast corner of Blades and 441 right next door to Boston Market. You can call them tool free. 1-877 low carb or on a web your breachim at low carb.com. Don't forget there's the one and only Delights of West Focus. Your official Atkins retail center. My life and low calls. This is for 2564. You wait two, eight, yeah. And stick it. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I get a number of times. I think a lot of people are my first things. I get a number of times. I think another thing that I've grown was getting a lot of times. I remember when you said they were a kid, and they were all the way to the back. When you said my skin? No, I think I heard a new lady, to show that. Yes, you said the coldmatter didn't give them all. Yeah. Mike's heart. Heart Lemonade. He made it hard. Get out of here. You idiot. Go back out of an animal. 50 pound five sixty on the eighteen t and Verizon wireless line so what do you think about the sophistication level of south forward a judge here's my amy ho yes sir yes uh... that the doctor with my daughter's morning red time magazine you know that's our good sergeant president died other you can yeah uh... i just got to be a Canadian the good said day for you i'm a Canadian i guess that i knew ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha matter these good huh we want the calls kneel god David like pdlennie said thank god you're back to taking calls the radio programming expert who by the way used to work for chief channel the old leather push pdlennie who brought in that food that gave us just maddening indigestion today both jords and i got to be on the way to intensive care at the nearest hospital at like thirty seconds past one released two minutes past one after we hear the beast something is way through the monoclox sports update that's the room that i'm here tenta one a q a m my and low this is for swedio by sixty two two two and that's a her hi i met you for a but you for and uh... liquor and guns we have a large selection of booze and firearms in the state and will personally assist you in choosing the corrupt alcoholic beverage and weapons for your next outing going square a hunt and you'll love our low prices on shnops and hangry nates living in the city check on our deal on him does a telephone one maybe you are an interesting hunt north up defense maybe just like to get drunk and shoot a mailbox well we've got gallenges wild turkey and forty four magnum shadows on sale this week only we're open twenty four hours we've never checked out these and we're in our a approved so come on down you're pretty and uh... liquor and guns for everything leaves loaded up 55 at five sixty w com thanks land for uh... learning this article i just uh... printed out from the washman post dot com a sexual fights to ban gay shooting game a dot scha activists finally about the important bay u s computer game in which they play a concert home a sexual's duckies dogs and cats hank cruel editor deleting dot schaenus papers as prosecutors to start court proceedings and is loving problem in terrestrial other game called postal two it's discussing in the metal and we have anti-discrimination laws protect people from discrimination based on sexual preference and that makes it easy to do something quote toward writers today postal two produced by arazone based running with scissors is due to become available in the novellins and late march vince desi runs running with scissors at the game did not discriminate against homosexuals it's definitely not anti-gay in a what it's a game get over it he told writers by telephone from two side desi said the player can shoot gay people but doesn't have to do so and doesn't many points for shooting anybody in the game the player plays the role of a character called the postal dood he lives in a town where there are all kinds of people white black skinny fat straight and gay you can play the game in a passive role without killing anyone as he said we're not politically at it in other words we don't discriminate we don't to any way we feel like it postal two is a new version of the uh... firms earlier game postal with that game has been banned in austrea but cruel said it was widely sold in Dutch toy stores the target of that game was to eliminate hostile elements and on arm citizen city streets parks and suburbs using a variety weapons the player could actually the game by committing suicide cruel says he's not certainly a thirties will be able to friend touch residents from buying the game from the company's website but also his campaign friend from being sold in toy stores making bars aware of the games content a lot of these games are being blocked by parents and grandparents one of our goals is to get people to understand what their buying cruel said does he said it didn't believe a bad on some of the even medallins would apply to internet sales i don't think anything would prevent people from buying it on the next piece there you go don't forget your refund what's that number of an asked me out with that here it is three or five you uh... we're done with your ww dot music cd settlements dot com music cd settlement dot com or call for a form to fill out when you're planning time up to do it to get your five up to twenty bucks if you bought any cd between nineteen ninety five or two thousand any venue still one raving just making it up one eight seven seven three four seven forty seventy two This does not include people who downloaded music from windmix or an after. Rest in free. 1-877-347-4782. You fill out the form you lie. I mean you tell me you bought some crap and you get you to 5 or 20 bucks. I still had last part in there about how if more people... Maybe we shouldn't be doing this. Maybe we should discourage people from doing it. Yeah, we should have just not talked about that. Like I said, no more please. I think they are, I think the occult is running up. How that pull come out today. In the O'W, we asked who'd you prefer to be the Democratic presidential candidate in 2004. I'm surprised that when you started talking about the ethnic cleansing didn't talk about how a Sodom gased his own people. Of course that was with our gas. Right. And that was back when he was helping us fight the Iotola and those wicked iranians. And we said, well, it's not too nice, but don't do it again. And that's what we don't care. It's what we said. Just like the Italian, that we were helping cooperating with the build-up gas pipeline over there in Afghanistan. They were our good buddies. They were our partners. They signed it off, would say. And then all of a sudden when they turned on us and decided to side with Osama Yumama, then all of a sudden we started saying, look at the way they're treating the women with those workers. And the men who can't even listen to the music, they can't even listen to God damn, uh, watch your call it, can't get a shave. Should I a twain? Can't get a shave, a haircut? Two bits. And all of a sudden they became the evil douish. One minute, there are buddies, and then the evil douish. Whatever's expedient for whoever's in there at the moment. It's not just bush. It's not just clun. It's the frickin' government. It's the world. It's corruption, baby. But if you wanted to lude yourself into this, and I heard a great line this morning, it was on Fox News, no less, which somebody had left on his set by the way, but I never do it again when I walked in here. And one of the bitches on it was gone, why do you know he had it right to President? It's, you read the Widdlestick against us. He was going out of scoring the French and the Germans are good close personal friends not. Either either, you read the Widdlestick against us. The world is black and white. The good guys over here, and the evil douish over there. Who would you prefer to be the Democratic President of candidate in 2004? We asked the newwardsews.com today. We got 8 billion votes. 493. Don't care, they all suck 120. Bob Graham 1116. Don't care, I'll vote for Bush regardless. 8116.4%. John Kerry 65, jan. 27. Al Sharpton 23. Howard Dean 18. Jimmy Dean's better couple. Dick Gavhard 13. Julie Rubens got 12. Gary Hart 11. General Wesley Clark got 3. And Chris Dodd, you know him, don't you? He's got 3. Bye bye.