Told 45 triple D. Yeah, I mean Jesus Neil if you got a 38 D you got a sore bag That's like me man. So Greg He's bringing a great read some free tickets to the game. They told me this morning our yesterday I'm supposed to meet with Greg read again and it turns out he's sick for the 15th week in a row. Where is he in Europe? Good keep him sick. He's probably an Amsterdam I don't know where he is. I can't think of me. I got a me when he's he's not here ever I don't think they let him in the Amsterdam Hey, you know here's Philis back there. She's here. They've been put stamping with a reject on top of his head on his bald spot Here's Philis back there. She's she's secure. I said to her to spring. Oh, where's Greg? He's you He's out Oh my god Oh my god I will Oh my god Unless you get a great read. You want to go out and dance and smoke a back Oh I Love that woman. She said her butt on fire. I'll tell you that when the settling torch. Oh, you know that red head in there I mean, I got to tell you what that I'm why I follow that girl around she thinks I'm just walking behind her I don't have any idea who that is. I'm sure you don't and the great that I miss out on all these The girl in the nozzle we got in there some girl in the nozzle. He's getting nozzle in Yeah, the nozzle is very nice. She's a nice person. I'd wax her up in about 20 seconds. Then the one but she wouldn't stand in line I think a number do it every time I say I lay eyes on her that girl's just oh I know he's got a pack Yeah, you write language for nozzle one Nazzly George is notly. I'm not a one. Hey George. How's it? How's the corporate party George little mazzly? What are your business? But she didn't bring her pet auntie to those. What do you think I didn't go? We have a secret silence packed during those part of our waiting to go on here stage What are you and what are you in delusional and Vegas? Yeah, right. Well, goes on here stays here. No, it doesn't anything you tell him anything you tell him's going out over the wire Right I noticed you're not talking about the Patriots really Hey, the Patriots. What a win last. Hey listen now. I was talking about this one We didn't maybe we did it. Maybe we did it. Maybe we did it. What about the lady that sued paid manning for when it when he mooned her? What would you do if a trainer sued you for when he mooned her now? I said this morning that you probably you wouldn't sue Tom ready to be moon you would he? No, that'd be a good ass to see. I think my slap money. Yes, they're not going Tom, baby He'd sue you. Yeah. Hey listen. No, don't be not just because he's a pretty boy. See nobody takes him serious. That's the problem. Yeah, I think I'm serious ugly like Jay Feele in the Brian grease ball my god I can see our feedlers knows for two weeks It's like I want to burst anybody's bubble in South Florida But you realize they are gonna lose the dolphins the Tennessee and Baltimore. There's no contest to Ravens That's two. That's five right there for more. I'm sitting I agree with that I've said both of those wins and I also hit the Patriot game last night because then they're then have quarterback But you know they got that game nice and close But let's face it there's at least five teams the MC better in the dolphins. It's all that's aren't going anywhere So you're giving away tickets for the kings and the empires So that's gonna boost you to ten and something what about hundred who cares how many people go do I go to the bar and drink and I love how like of all people You want your money Scott their boy. He sure scamming a lot of them. How about you? You you you should there say like you you don't care me while you watch the the leaves get their butts just Dushed seven to one. We'd we'd have feeded the powerful Carolina Hurcunes on Sunday Oh, yeah, but but you have to go back several days You're your life. What how many games of least one two or three five? Oh, man. They're really taken and then five Tainal eat by storm what do I have to say nineteen six each one the Panthers They're planning to win ten home games, but you know about hockey man You couldn't have a symbol and have room for the beast ass left over in there for me You just don't know your hockey. Oh, yeah, is that right your buddy Scott though knows hockey I mean, you did that your little hockey button to hit there with all the sound and if you didn't watch that talentless Hack team up there you wouldn't know anything about hockey You know more about tennis I'm honestly I tell you what my please I'm not like the soft foot offend we're gonna go to the Super Bowl. You know the son of bullcran Listen, I don't do that. I take the marlins that a world champion ship at home I'm talking with you any day. I told you to Marlins have got a win the series. You told me no chance I told you that Listen dude, and now I'm saying you're gonna start taking credit for the marlins when you bash them every day Like they were freaking homeless I wish you when how was that you every day you make fun of the marlins It makes fun of the owners and I make fun of the people who want to use public money to build a mistake Oh, no, no, let's go back to you make a fun of their crowds I mean, I like you're doing that with the Panthers first It made fun of the marlins seats now you're making fun of the Panthers now you're gonna make fun of the heat And I can make fun of the games because I'm a home-up-all Yeah Get a son pass So man happy F-in birthday Yeah, I'm gonna candles you got tomorrow their meal. Let's go out to dinner. You're well Yeah, I'm gonna talk to you and you any day I'll talk to my chat You're taking a fall You're a little honor. Have a great day shot score When the big tournament money's on the line Professional women choose macho tennis ball Macho we give women the balls to win Played with the entertainment Get thirty facts again Like a guy She 7 feed wise She makes me want to first try I stick with her Skin sheeped with too many Spelich ones She雪 soικ Isn't ugly back then? She wants to be the other stop of music Every thing her and ass with some like this But we find that amusing From that self-remoting ugly thing How about were you paid? I'm like trading for Monica's day Poor Monica's day I will turn to you melons Yay But what's the name of the name of the church of last year? I wish you all would be the love I'll just like it if you want to do out there I know you're gonna take me on it Wait me, I'm out, you're finally Just who do you think you're a fooling? You bad old practice ugly smelly thing You're really matruchin' a dress Then a way to five, 60 she's a disgusting fat pig Everybody despises Linda, tripped the only bad news She's got 600 grand down that the government's gonna give her bitch Federal government yesterday announced it's paying Linda Tripp And her attorneys, 595 grand The settle allegations that the Department of Defense Violated her privacy rights When confidential information about her was disclosed During the Monica Lewinsky scandal That bitch with the blue dress and the stain on it And let me say it just There's some things that are so obvious It's like staring at a big gigantic ass You know like Josh Friedman moaning it Yeah Like the people in the media don't see it Like Monica Lewinsky You know the same thing how come it is that this bitch who saved the blue dress What kind of a slut? Saved the dress doesn't take it to the cleaners Even with the stain on it Don't say it's a mess And of course it was her mother to the other side It's a bit nasty the evidence Okay, we can make a lot of cash out for this Sounds pretty Jewish to me In addition the government agreed to retroactively give Tripp Three annual outstanding performance evaluations for her work at the Department of Defense Increasing the value of her retirement How do you like that bitch? I don't Tripp sued the government when Pentagon officials leaked information From the government background investigation about her Which included the fact that she was arrested as a juvenile in case Involving drinking booze she was never charged Study like that Tripp became widely known as the woman who tape conversations with Monica Lewinsky Document the White House and turn secret relationship with then prison and built Clinton heard a exposure that he himself paved the way for Clinton's impeachment We got a president right now But what it would be impeached and convicted in about ten minutes Is what they ought to be doing all we got more dead troops over there by the way Just in case anybody cares which I don't think they do no more As US troops continue to scour Iraq for anti-aircraft missiles following Sunday's Delhi helicopter ambush of killed 16 troops Why do they say 16 was 7 you know you're right? It was 16 originally and then one of the injured died but right when he would say give us the numbers on the injured But when they die they never include those in the dead number No, they don't know how many died. It's just like well, they were injured likely a lot bad Why they don't know arms bone off blinded Anyway, is there scouring fresh attacks on coalition forces in Baghdad and to greet sir killed two American soldiers This is two more US military officials said today Two other soldiers from the first armoured division were wounded during the Baghdad roadside bombing today Well, the to create attack left one of the soldier wounded but they never say seriously wounded mortally wounded nothing You know what I mean? Same old bullcraft. It just doesn't stop and the public is the movement nobody seems to care and the Democrats rule over and play dead Oh, we sure don't want to we don't want to deny our troops the money because they're all scared schmittless men So they go ahead and rubber stand that $87 billion while people in America are starving to that have no jobs part of the nine jobs part time jobs have gone up like crazy Our ship went out to his all these statistics about the job at bullcraft So I'll just window dressing it's just the you know not games with numbers Speaking of games poor mischamalder the weather fairy a channel 7 she has her problems, you know it I think they're out to get her Bill come all the WSVN channel 7's chief meteorologist was arrested over the weekend and charges is driving out of influence of alcohol According to forlaterdale police police say the sum is come all driving his black jaguar northbound on Siebreeze Boulevard around 1245 Sunday morning After stopping the car to green light come all drove 10 miles below the posted 35 mile hours speed limit and Swerve through the street according to the police report after police stopped him around 130 in a morning come out to three roads I test and failed them and by the way Bill john still ain't interested in the final one. He missed a tip of his nose on five of six attempts for lutterdale police officer Craig buttery wrote in his report Come all 46 who was stopped at eight 50 C. B's Boulevard asked buttery if he should have a lawyer present Did we get stopped by a cop who was buttery? No, I've been stopped by cops who buttered me up a little bit And then buttery I have oh you're near Rajas hey have a nice day Those are the ones who like me of course. That's just luck buttery told him roadside tester voluntary method is refusal of the use Deservants against him come all agreed to a breadth test which reveal a point 153 and point 159 blood alcohol level well above the point oh wait legal limit Come on posted $500 body spent our eight hours behind bars and BS O Shia spokeswoman Vita Coleman right Three years ago. He faced similar DUI charges when an FHP trip or found from all silver 98 Chevy Corvette against the concrete barrier in a Westbound lane of i5 95 near US one Those charges were reduced to reckless driving for the record last time was a wrong full arrest and I'm with Shia. We show not to be guilty Said comes out of turnigier, more pain. Yeah, this time again. It'll show was another wrong full arrest. So Mr. Pengapania It was unclear yesterday afternoon how come also restful defect is job. It's our policy not to come at on personnel matters. Charlie folds spokesman for WSV and channel 70 was in that movie like treasure folds Charlie folds And bill drinks Well, what can I tell you? I don't know what the circumstances really were he just needs to think of this recurring situation And we wish him all the best in the world weather for a number two right. I tell you one thing Yeah, not too crazy about him or about Miss Norkross either one of them We like don't know And we like Bob sopper right and my good friend Bob weaver who they've relegated the old folks on what? Absolutely, absolutely Absolutely See there's some old folks we like and then of course there's some we don't have salute why Tenther Ma Mo Ma Mo anybody with like an M mother 1013 at 560 WQM This is Mary Mary fish box and I saw my opponent more and more and he's new your city voices Ran over a monkey My opponent Mary Ellen fish box has her period three out of four weeks a month My opponent Martin got fired from the mall for sexually harassing a mannequin Well, my opponent Mary Ellen fish box each leftover fruit from bot glasses My opponent Martin who is embedded by a opponent Mary Ellen fish box never all But I reach around You're frigid bitch you Get laid and credits village if you're sponored with the cure But you're a less bone Get a decent try You're a no good stink I'm dead Go for it by friends of Mort Martin and Mary Ellen fish box don't forget the don't we have another one of them debates coming up tonight I don't know them are friends to bait yeah, I think so I don't know where the hell that is I don't really pay attention because what do they keep having me? I don't what's the point masturbation is that what it is? I mean, what's the point? What are they gonna say? Have a couple of debates in it like every week is another debate Here's the now if I guess is it still nine how many we got? I really don't know since Bobby Graham dropped out plus Bob time it run for the Senate again How many we got you got Dean and Clark right that's two you got Lieberman's a Jew you got carry you scary. That's four right? Okay Okay, because it's and are mostly brown and I'll sharpen those of the two darker candidates at seven who might be even out I think that's all we got right? There's gotta be a roster somewhere. Oh, Gabhart. That's easy to forget him. He's got a personality like a dead man. That's eight And I think that's it eight, who do we appreciate Howard Dean he's the man baby. I'm telling you right now. You can disagree all you want three country. Well, usually Here's Paul Resolve from yesterday. What's your take on meals and I got to be honest with you Now George promised that we would abide by the audience's dictum. That's right and the audience is dicted the way I'm looking at it It comes out this way a thousand and fifty seven votes. What's your take on meals idea? I'll get rid of that Wednesday one to two comedy bits are which is a nice respite for us and Wednesday right in the middle of the week It's hump day right and it's it's been a really I'm a higher it's like a cesta right now. It's not like a cesta It's just like a little a little less work a little less a little fewer those great calls of course Like this one on the blind six WQIM Yeah, I could deal with John Edwards number nine from the telephone. Oh, thanks so easy to forget. Thanks a lot, pal. Thank you John Edwards season. Well, they see his busy crossing over A thousand and fifty say just another drooling redneck like see it. I just had that judge more from Alabama on their Jesus Christ almighty Man, oh man. Oh, man. It's just nauseating Drilling redness. I can't stand him if there's one thing. I'm really prejudiced about beside dark folks. It's a Drilling rednecks in fact. I'd rather go out eat chickens with a bunch of dark folks even dangerous looking ones than hang out with Drilling rednecks They are a scary and pack. Oh, what I do with it crap. Here it is. Here's a picture Oh, I took out of the Toronto star yesterday. Here's a picture the new gay bishop who looks like a real fruitcake by the way. He is really fruity. You know Gene Robinson Boy, if you're going to go with gay, he looks a little more like Mrs. Robinson to be honest with you But at any rate, um, here he is and then underneath is a big picture of, you know, you were just playing that deliverance team. You must have this must be in more psychic powers again But consecration service through protesters who opposed Dean Robinson being made up bishop and here are some of the most unbeat. This is in Durham, New Hampshire And you can just imagine some of the woodsy owl hanging out with the kind of rednecks that you got there out in the woods, you know, like they were up at an entry and you saw what they like to do up there in entry too Rectome that gay scene it he's still so about it And for one of them is holding up a sign burned something Sodom and Camora Genesis 19. Another one stop perversion. No dean or Robinson communion Well, I like that the dean and Robinson communion and here's another one homosexual abomination to God Leviticus 18 Leviticus 20 and if you could see the pushes on these guys with a scruffy beard and a caps and they look like they just came out of the guy named cave Holy moly I just mentioned that in passing although these aren't drooling rednecks because he there's a different breed as northern rednecks right kind like the ones you see in Montana You know, well, that's northwest. That's a different breed altogether But I'm saying I'm saying there's like all different kinds of rednecks But the jewel and southerner who isn't necessarily a redneck per se, but just drooling southerners That's why when you had the thing about accents and annoyed people right. Oh, you could should her judge more Here you go rock the vote baby. That's what we're doing At least when it comes reaching out for young voters. They're wanting to get involved in politics. That's what the data shows us Well, at least he was cute anyway. I want well one thing about it though Catholic Church is also reaching out for them young voters Huh, what do they do? Catholic Church is reaching out They go fact in the church with them young members The younger the better they like a hot young member So anyway, thank you for the result from yesterday's poll. I'll get around to it. We got a lot of time here today We got four longer-scrushyating hours. I should mention that our parents for this Thursday is gonna happen But not at the original location we moved it. I'm sure the audience is really thrilled with that Let's see the new van hit location will be the shit coast gas station We're gonna have Brian Murray and Hansen from there. These sickle gas station on the South of Kona Sheridan i95 Wait a minute one this Thursday. What I guess I should have proof read this. That's a mobile station there Now are we gonna have a debate about this? No, I don't know what's right now. By where you live right? There's a shelf station on one side. We're just not doing that location here not too long ago. I don't know. I'm sure we did we did the shelf station That was a while back. Yeah, the other side The mobile system is going to be well man. He's been a rotten hell. I guarantee that. I mean, he looks pretty good But that didn't gonna help him when it comes time to get the pearly gates and they're gonna say how do you screw over all the little dogs and cats that want up dying? He's gonna say well. I got no answer for that. No tango peho and my Braccombe. Now. What is it? It's a mobile. It's a mobile. Positive. Are you sure? Okay, this is the demand of the mobile gas station southeast corner shared in on 9511 with Miguel. You can straighten him out. If he lets you so that that's that now. Here's the pull result. You're take on that one to two hour. I'm all forgetting rid of it get rid of it. 436 40.7% now that's out of a thousand seventy. It sounds pretty like a like a mandate right right sounds pretty overwhelming. Whatever stop and think of it this way. All depends on like is the glass half full. Is it have empty? Does it have a crack in it? Is it like chip? Maybe a piece of glass is down inside of my cut your guts out in a good lawsuit. You'll be dead. No way. I love that one to two hour 257.24% I don't give a Schmidt 253 23.6% and I'd listed all this in anyway. 124 which is love 125 now. I'm 0.6% out of a thousand and seventy four. So 40.7 say get rid of that one to two hour. We don't want to hear that crap as a cop. I want to hear you. We want to make you guys work. But that means 59.3% said something else. Right. They like it or don't care. Right. They like it. They don't care. They'll listen anyway. They got their radio stuff deep inside their armpit. Whatever. They don't care. So it's like I don't know. I have to sleep on it again tonight. Sam, we can discuss it perhaps. In fact, I have an emotional email that you passed along which I'll read in a little bit. The Hague Netherlands, a man after the Turkish embassy in Den Hague today and detonated bomb that started a fire but didn't do a much damage. The Turkish ambassador said just a little one. There were no reports of injuries said, Mika swiving the Turkish ambassador's secretary. They know that by the sale of the skate. Yeah. A man with dark features beware of those men with dark features. I'm telling you right now. What? Over there too. Oh, especially over there. A man with dark features and wearing a black jacket under the embassy who was not speaking Turkish. She was speaking some Dutch. He said, I'll sleep and he handed them a package. He said, here you like my package. He exploded the bomb in the area that they called a man trap. Of course, a lot of those in the Netherlands. Then he managed to escape. I know what the man trap is. That's kind of like the ant eater. Turkey's ambassador to the Hague. Take an ill-dombed holiday privacy and inter-TV all of this crap. The adjacent buildings were evacuated to Rami Streets were cordoned off in the Hague. The hostess in anti-terrorism teams were at work of the scene that Stevie reported. The Turkish embassies located downtown in the Hague, which is a very boring place. The seat of the Dutch government and your parliament buildings and several other embassies, a very, very pedestrian and boring into the kind of place. Enough of no big deal. 27 after 10 at 5.60 WQM. Speaking of no big deal, who's the Countess, dry concepts? Now who's handling that? Do we know? Troy, you are an asshole. I hate to say that because you'll make it into a racial thing or a bald guy or something. But you're just not doing your job, man. The date on this copy is 7-7. It's almost November 7. July, August, September, October, November. It's 4 freaking months. I hope our friends at dry concepts are still running on this special. I have no way of knowing. Because Troy ain't on the case. He's not on the case with Pomp and O'Park that we still got that old outdated copy from last week. The sales department of QAM blows. I just want you to know that right now they blow. They suck. They tick it up the ass. Okay, their pieces of crap. They're awful. They're god awful. What are you trying to say? I hate them. I can't stand them. They just aren't doing it. I told Duff and Clare is yesterday. Oh, and by the way, speed and nothing Clare is taking a QAM link off our website. Eric, take it off it right now. I'm getting in there. I'm going to talk about that because there's such a bunch of pussy's around there. And they don't realize the FCC doesn't regulate websites. The damn good thing they're not messing with ours. They don't even think about messing around with our website. But if they're too pushified to have a link on a QAM website, it says about how many hits a year do they have on it? I'm sorry to man. And we have like we got like 1100 votes just now. Yesterday's second pool. Right. That's more votes hits than they get in a year. But if they're too pushified to be associated with our website, well, guess what we're not going to promote there's either. Take the link off it. Eric right now. That's QAM. That's big, big, prominent QAM link. Screw them. That's sports crap. There go the logo. That's right. There go the logo and you won't see it no more. Hey, let it come. Stand up your carpets. Look and just like brand new again. Have them clean with dry concepts. Because over 20 years now they've been doing my house. They've been in town for about 24 years. I do believe. And the reason they're still around is because they're the best carpet cleaning company in the world. You only want to dry things your carpets. And now, dry concepts office. You would chance to say 15% on your next carpet cleaning. Just call them toll free. 1-800-248-5071 and actually put them on and put you understand by list. Then dry concepts will call you next time they have an opening in their schedule. Like when you fly a stand by it's the same idea. If you're available when they have an opening, they'll not 15% off the already low regular price. No forget to give your guaranteed written price before they start any job for you. Call them today and haven't put you understand by list. I might even have an opening on the day that you call and no matter what the deal is, they'll still give you a 15% off the regular price of the job. Call them today toll free 1-800-248-5071. You'll have your carpets looking just like brand new again or check them out on the web at dryconcepts.com Hey, where's the guy? What's he doing with that machine guy? Oh my god, where's the wife? She was mad off with reading one story after another about drugs and violence. Now she wants to write the role and rewrite the news in and full starring and mission. I'll see you tonight at 5-800-50. She's the news into her own hands. What are you going to do with me when I get through with you? There won't be enough of you left to make a good Tuesday for John Noll. And starring and mission, also starring Carl Weathers is to wait for the day and don't access Don Noll. There's the stationary run over the bed. And full she'll leave the news. Canasmas Macho, Bishop Jean Robinson or Ann Bishop. If she were still alive, we need me a contest. No, no. No, no, we'll contendry. This is very depressing. Especially since they just show on these 16 soldiers killed on Sunday. We got it was actually 17. One of the injured died and I got two more today. There's so many that I keep it can't even contriack of the stories because right on a CNN website. There's another one. I don't want to say that because I'm not sure if that's one of the two that they reported before or an additional one. It's just it's just become a numbers game just like Vietnam all over again. Every single day one here two there 16 or 17 on Sunday. And it just keeps mounting and mounting and building and building. And Pad Novac on cross far yesterday says, Oh, well, these are kids. These are soldiers. They're soldiers on cross far. Seriously, I'd like to see him tarden furthered right on the area. I pay 50,000 dollars to watch that. Okay, 10,000. Anyway, in regard to that, which is really morbid and grotesque and serious, although nobody wants to get to morbid and grotesque and serious because it, you know, the forces them to take a look at the kind of insanity that we're waging around the world. The US military said yesterday it was sticking to a policy for bidding television camera cruise and photographers from filming coffins of soldiers killed in Iraq at US airbase in southwestern Germany. Officials at Ramstein, a major US airbase which serves as a transfer point, had allowed media access in the past to honor guard ceremonies and transfers of American flag covered coffins on the US bond military transport planes, but the rules banning covering were strictly enforced just before the Iraq war began. Because it's bad PR, we don't want the American public scene and then coffins because we know there's dead kids in there. Onc dead soldiers in there. While US officials say the policy was created under respectful relatives, others criticized the lack of media access, argue we had same as to prevent the public from seeing large numbers of coffins that could turn the public opinion against the war, just like Vietnam all over again, maybe Desi Ruolover again. Same crap and you people in the media, everyone ought to be in jail. Go ought to be in jail. Because just like you used the war yesterday, there were whatever wars that were used, there are co-conspirators, right? There are accomplices. Gotta be on death row for murder, right? You can argue both sides, they're one US official who asked of course not to be identified. Some say Americans need to see this. This is factual and the public needs to see the coffins, yet you also think of a mom of a killed soldier in the trauma scene television pictures of her son being repatriated. Journalists seeking access to Ramstein to film coffins of 15 Americans killed Sunni in Iraq when they're now at 15, and see it keeps doing like maybe they're coming back to life. When they're yelling about their wish out down, we told that a prominent offense policy was still, no, only coverage of injured soldiers was permitted. And probably not those that are injured like real serious human being. Hold up, ladies. One of those admitted a hang mail, something like that, then it's okay. You talk about managing, and here's the best example of them all. This story, and I know nobody's going to talk about it. This goes to show you the chilling effect that the Bush administration has on what's taking place in America and the world today. This is unbelievable. The cowardly eye, you can see the tier is drooping, dripping. Even Ms. Fudge says it's a black eye for CBS, who already keeps reporting breathlessness last night as a done deal. The CNN story on her website says CBS may cancel Reagan mini series, and it should say CBS, it's just a matter of time today when they finally get to find a make the announcement of how they're going to save face. And why did they do this? Because they were pressured and are doing it the Reagan mini series. Drawing Republican fire over the accuracy of the upcoming mini series, the Reagan CBS appears ready to present a kinder, gender portrait of the A-ling former president that originally produced if the network airs it at all. Thank God, they don't cave into pressure. You know what I'm saying? This right here is the end that you draw the line in the sand right here. This is the day that freedom of expression freedom of speech officially died in America. That the fascists who control a government now who stole it three years ago, these fascists have totally silenced everybody that anybody who's against. At least almost everybody. Sources close to the production said the SDA CBS is considering canceling the dot you drama, slated air November 16 and 18 under mom and criticism from political conservatives that the two parts series unfairly depicts Reagan and his wife. Meanwhile, Hollywood trade paper daily variety reported that director Robert Allen Aquaman is quit the production over creative differences with CBS executives who insisted on numerous last and all iterations after the pressure start to come in. Neither producers for the four hour film nor Aquaman could immediately be reached for comment, but sources familiar with the production told rotors that last minute changes demanded by CBS are being made and that there was a chance the movie would could be moved to the network's sister pay cable TV channel Showtime if they bother showing it at all. And of course Showtime reaches a maximum median people around the country in a country 270 million people. In other words, if they do air, nobody's going to see it. The manager for actor James Brolin who stars as Reagan the film said his client was refraining from taking part in promoting the many series of this point. We don't know what movie they're putting out there or what they're doing or when they're doing with it Jeff Wal told rotors, adding that Aquaman was not participating editing the final cut. Wal described executive producers Craig DeSate and a Neil Mirron has credits include the Hill a hit film musical Chicago is absolutely dismayed by the site unseen backlash. He dismissed criticism from some that the many series is a hatchet job and denied that the filmmakers had any agenda in portraying Reagan other than to make a fair and balanced movie about who he was positive and negative. While the Viacomone network had no common yesterday CBS chairman Leslie Moonvis told CNBC last week that there are some edits being made trying to present a more fair picture of the Reagan's right. Now the word change it at to try to pacify the right wingers and the administration. The only comment from the Reagan's themselves has come from former first lady Nancy Reagan who made a brief statement issued last week to the Fox Nazi news channel and said the timing of the many series is absolutely staggering to me obviously it's very hurtful. She apparently was referring to the fact that the 92 year old former president severely ill with Alzheimer's disease. Has that been going on for a while. How many years has he had that? I've heard him man. Yeah. Moonvis is expected to decide in a few days. I think that I think it's going to be today they're going to decide whether to pull the many series from that worst November schedule. We scheduled the further thing. Move it to show time for just burn it burn it. Burn the evidence. How do you like that, huh? In fact, when we come back from the break I'm going to read a few. I think misfog just still got on a website. Thanks, Ms. Fudge. You're doing a hell of a job. Not. Yeah, some of the stuff in there. A CBS Reagan revealed Watch Nancy hit the daughter. See Ronnie curse. That thing about I am the anti-Christ that I've read the other day. Remember right now. I want to see that. Barbara Straschin draws distance from the Reagan's and more scenes revealed in the audience. Well, I might actually some of the stuff he actually print out. So when it does, we'll check it out. We'll give you today's full moment here. We got a lot of crap here today, including that email about the one to two hour lot of stuff. We'll get in a couple of calls here in there. We'll get a few spotty calls. I'm going to move from one of those days. Spotty calls. One here one there. Right? Sure, yeah, one. Not too many. We got a lot of fish to fry. Hmm, fried fish. 1042 at five. Maybe a Barbara fish box would like to combine fries and fish. 1042 at five, 60 WQM. Big news. How the potty at GMC has just been voted the number one potty at GMC dealer when Dave County and Crestammer's satisfaction and our good friends Tom Levin and Joe Prieto want to thank all their loyal customers for all of stuff they've done over the years. They're saying, we're number one. They're making stuff by how that and check out the potty egg vibe. Normally, we're telling for over 20 grand, but at Hallett right now fully loaded, you can get it for Just 16,500 plus tax and tag. Kind of like Bill C'mon, fully loaded. Just kidding, Bill, just a little yuck. Howlett is your truck headquarters with over 300 to choose from including the Yukon and Yukon. Coming soon, the new Enronvo... See, I just give up. You know what I'm saying? Bob Eisenberg and could have done that. I could have looked a finger to get the change straight in that. Howlett is the Yukon XL. I don't know what it is because it's another piece of copy from the QM sales department that somebody puts them more than a sheet of paper and they're here. Here you go. And coming soon at Hallett Potty at the new Envoy X UV, the most unique SUV on a market. Great Neil deals waiting for you today. So, because every day at Hallett Potty at GMC. In fact, I just noticed. You have a copy of this? Oh, somewhere. See, because I know the name of the place. So, you know, at Hallett Potty at Potty at GMC is what it says here. One, 341. Yeah. Do you kind of knew, kind of, and a Potty at Potty at 1.341 South, to see South, to see Highway Highway. That's US want across from the falls falls open every day, seven days a week. From all info called Neil Rogers, Neil, the hotline toll free at 1. Triple 8, 534211. Believe me, a QAM Armato is, if you like, slack, you'll love us. 1. Triple 8, 534211. Don't forget all offers up to the credit approval. See the friend, our friends at Hallett least used to be our friends. And Hallett Potty at GMC for details. Hallett Potty at GMC, unlike QAM, they are professional grade. We're supposed to be a little spicy, so do we, M? Do you move the as the girl who turns into a thorn? Oh my God! My face is anyin' to watch me! Barbie has blonde life. My hip plan going in! I'm magical, Lauren, to watch again and again. Buy it today on TVDN video. 1047 at 560WC, so here from the, I guess I'm gonna give this a pullout right away, right? Alright. Okay, let's get to the new one, or Eric's gonna get to the binado shape. And by the way, Eric, don't forget, let's, uh, Schmidt-Kana, QAM link. You know, what's good for the goose, as we just heard, is good for the Gander, right? And, and, I don't know if you were supposed to, but, uh, you did not facts that over the sporty. Didn't facts one. The new pole. Yeah, I did. Alright. I didn't know. Would you like me to? No, whatever. Alright, sing a song. No, I, I can just read it, it's short. What we got on here so far. Which of these? You got that? No. Wait a second. Oh, these are you least interested in underlying the least. Okay. Right? Yep. We got five so far. Kobe Bryant, rate case. I guess, maybe I forgot. Because, uh, Scott there was entertaining me with all this, uh, hockey talk about who to help one of the Stanley Cup in 1994, 95, and who did this, and who played grab ass in 1993, 94, and a Rangers this, and all this other crap that nobody cares about, and was a Argentineal Center here in Neil, or was it the pad Quinn, or was it the mighty Quinn? It was it Brady Quinn. Hey, cut the crap already. Spout your interfering with the show. Which of these are you least interested in? Okay. Ready? Yep. We got five so far. Kobe Bryant, rate case. With some asshole called in yesterday, and want to convict him already, which, uh, and yeah, let's, let's be fair a little bit, showy. No. Scott and Lacey Petersen. Oh, man. I am just grossed out. Uh, Elizabeth Smart. Zip Ben and J. Low. Sports. Nothing specific, just in general. Sports. Which of these are you least interested in? Yeah. I'm sure you're not interested in the first five, but a poll to the end. I'm sure we get maybe a few more added. I know or not, is the case maybe there's some good choices right there. In fact, uh, the first four, I don't ever want to hear about any of them again. I don't care about Kobe Bryant, whether he raped the broader not. I don't care about Scott Lacey Petersen. He done it. He didn't do it. I don't care. Why should I care? Right. There people getting murdered every day. I care a lot more about the soldiers that had given killed in Iraq, who shouldn't be there in the first place. I care a lot about that. I'm sure that would Kobe Bryant and the rape to chick and what Scott Lacey Petersen to kill his wife and the baby as they are with his and Elizabeth smart. My god, Almighty, who might have wanted to play herself in the movie on TV and couldn't understand what he turned her down. Ben and J. Low. I mean, that goes without saying. I mean, I guess what we were all about. He, you guys, okay. We're tired of it. We know your fags. We wouldn't care either way. In sports. I wouldn't vote for sports because I still like my hockey. I don't like my football. How about then Patriots last night? Let me say it again. Oh, oh, it was dolphin fan. The dolphins, man. They're really crying in their beer. They want they've once that's ass on a plate. They want Brian Greasy and the J. Fieler on a bus out of town, Pronto. They want a Yankeh off Ricky Williams dreadlocks after that awful dread dreadful performance by the dreadlock. What's the nickname for him? For Ricky Williams? Yeah. Scott. What's her? Ricky Williams. What do they call him? You said dreadlock demon. The dreadlock demon. Man, they wish that some demon would come along and just pierce him with them. Look, you know, the demons they create are little speary, you know? Yeah, try that little pit folk. They like to see him pitch folk right in the old butt. I guarantee you that. Back to that awful performance. Whether without his damn radio show. Hey, Ricky, forget about the radio show. Start playing some ballas with you want to say. For example, I'm concerned. You can keep it up. Keep it up Ricky. Nice game. Sing a ractor producer. Motheractive is the barbastrice and this weekend. This is from the Fudryport from his fudge. Who were in a lovely pink outfit today. Just in herself, barbara did for many involvement in CBS TV's upcoming film The Regans. Although the film stars her husband as being produced by Striceanne, frequent collaborators, Craig Zayda and Neil Miran. Her husband's in a James Broline, he plays Reagan. She don't know anything about it. Mr. Eisen has never even read the script. Striceanne declared on her website, Truth Alert. Leaning readers to believe that she first became more of multiple specific script scenes from the Fudryport. Just like I did, Miss Fudge. Controversy continues to swirl around the movie set for Air Later This Month with CBS now considering a new supplement, addition tagged at the end of the two-part film to both filled time from the late edits made to the project and the cool cries of heavy-handed political bicelli network. Meanwhile, Reagan daughter Patty Davis is considering a public comment of concern over Liberty's taken by CBS, entelling the story of Ronald Nancy Reagan. CBS Senior Vice President of movies and miniseries, Bella Bajaria as being blamed internally at the network for the growing impact of the project. Look, it was going to be about the Reagan's and their family in the senior universe, who are said, a love story. We lost control of it, it transformed. Now, there was too much truth. So you got to remember this is on the Fudryport. So he's going to make all the commentaries like slanted in one way. Not the fact that the media is being censored here and it's CBS, but it doesn't make any difference what they wanted to present. Okay, it's another goddamn right wingers business. Called Piracy censorship, which is even worse than post-sensorship, prior censorship, absolutely outrageous. Anyway, here's some of the, do you want to should we read some of the script? Yeah. Page 180 of the final Reagan script, seen with Don Reagan talking to Michael Deaver about Nancy. Don Reagan. Reagan says, so Deaver, tell me, you've known Madam Fure or a lot longer than I have, how the hell do you manage to put up with her? Madam Fure, meaning Nancy, or her put the little red dress. Last week in Los Angeles, former First Lady Nancy Reagan with being described by close friends as discouraged or with a film as controversial New Details emerge. One of the most painful accusations raised in the CBS movie is that President Reagan was suffering from Alzheimer's disease nine years before he was diagnosed at Charlottesnancy's full of friends's and outrageous lie. But on Page 180 of the scene with Nancy talking to Dr. Hutton, the Reagan's physician after Reagan's cancer surgery in July 85, in the hospital corridor. Dr. Hutton says the good news is we cut it in early age, meaning the Alzheimer's. Now all he leads is the little, or the cancer rather. Now all he needs is the little radiation he should be fine. The cancer. Nancy, Dr. Do you think this could explain why Ronnie, I mean some of his behavior. Dr. Hutton, what behavior? Nancy, his forgetfulness, he's tired all the time. Dr. Hutton, you'd be forgetful and tired if you were President of the United States too. Nancy, yes, but he's not the same, something's wrong. This is in 8586. He was President of 288. Dr. Hutton, don't worry, Mrs. Reagan, if something were wrong, you'd know about it. Say that just say no program, he was getting a lot of play, isn't it? Nancy, Dr. I'm trying to tell you, Ronnie's not well. Dr. Hutton, of course he's not well, he's just had surgery for cancer. Once he gets back on his feet, maybe a little vacation, you'll see he'll be fine, he's a warhorse. Nancy, trying not to believe him, thank you, Dr. He gives her arm a squeeze and heads down the hall. Nancy stands there, trying to collect yourself. Kathy Osborne comes up to her with a cup of tea. Nancy's assistant, here's your tea, it's a little strong, but you can add some milk to it, and it'll be just fine. Nancy turns to her bitterly. Everybody keeps saying that, it's fine, everything's fine, they tell me, well, everything's not fine, it's not fine, it's not. He's, oh, that's not in there. I like you like that, I like you like many of us suspected he was suffering from Alzheimer's, way back in the middle of his Presidency, early in the second term, or maybe before that, who the hell knows? Maybe when he was Governor of California, who knows? But God forbid, we should be able to tell the American public the truth, or what's important, some people perceive as the truth. No, we can't do that. We have to censor it and CBS is bending over man. They're just spreading their cheeks. All of CBS executives are bent over start, make it with their cheeks spread. Okay, stick it till me, stick it till me, you know? Like I laugh and sock it till me. Stick it in there. The tape as you can, man. Just absolutely unfricanable, isn't it? I believe it. And a public is, well, yeah, move, live like that. What kind of a communist bunch of clubs like? It would be like if we had a submit a script to the government every day for this show, and then they could tell us, oh, well, you can't say that. And you certainly can't criticize the president. And you can't say that about Heinrich, Himmler, Rumsfeld, that starts next year. Oh, is that it? Yeah. A bunch of a communist crap, part of Patriot Act 4. In fact, these people, they got some nerve talking about Fidel. They make him look pretty good, you know? Is they the bastion of freedom and free speech? Damn it. Anyway, here's the email that you sent. From Steve, who says Heinrich, I hope one of these gets through. Can't spend hours trying to call him. Please, please, please, please, please, for a police. Don't discontinue the comedy bits. They are hilarious and yet insightful to the best of them. A 40-year-old courthorets, a courthorets away to make a point beyond simply stating it. Also, that's what first attracted me to the show, and that's why the few remaining bastions of intelligent and independent thinking in South Florida. That's so ridiculous. In particular, it was Kiss and Iger Good Morning that I heard. I was driving through the greater, where larger my my area on my way down to live in T. West last fall. I've been a frequent listener ever since driving over to the beach every morning where the reception is better. But you won't be heard at that again, of course, Steve, because we can't play it. My favorite parody is weapons of mass destruction, which is absolutely run on both politically and musically. I even spent the time and effort to table with my rudimentary equipment and replay it so I could learn it and play it on the streets and at Mallory Square, hoping to wake up some semi-comitose mines in a process. Please continue to bits. I'm sorry I only have one vote even in Florida, but I hope this counts for more. No problem, Steve. Miriam Elefano said you're a bunch of ballots. And bear in mind, ultimately, you decide what to do on your show, not the income, I mean, well informed citizens who call in or vote on your polls, myself included. P.S., I wish you'd put a track listing of the best and your arches on the website, your prospective bars to make an informed decision. Well, what were we supposed to be doing at a long time ago? Yeah, it might be other somewhere, but I don't know. It might be under some, just keep looking around. You'll find it in the listening too. So that's the latest. That's what Steve says, very impassioned, play on his bark for us to keep starting tomorrow that Neil Rogers wanted to come. If it's our every Wednesday, I don't know. Okay, so I'm still, I'm pondering. Some people think it's pondering. 1057 at 5.60 WQM, hey listen, it won't be long now before the relatives come, pound and down for the holidays, or maybe your parents are coming to stay for the winner. In either case, if you need a new mattress to new the smart thing with all those folks of QM with a brain or a doing, and even some without a brain call, 1-800 mattress. That's the number four dialometrist. The mattress industry is loaded with phony claims and shell gains. At dialometrist, no false promises, no bait and switch, just discount prices every day of your life. Auto brand names, you know, entrusted love, now including students and foster. When you call dialometrist at 1-800 mattress, you pick today the time for delivery when it's convenient for you when you want them to show up and guess what? They will within any two or window seven days week from 8 in a morning. Till 10 in life, like you want them new to two, one to three, two to four, whatever. They'll be there. I've been sticking on a mattress from these folks for years. You ought to be doing the same. It's a treat for you and your back. You'll feel the difference. On a sales practice is fantastic service. Every day low prices, same day delivery and free set up and removal. It's easy to see why dialometrist is ranked number one. A customer satisfaction. While fat boys, a big fat slot because he's too lazy to correct the grammar and the punctuation into copy. Fat boy, you're perfect. A perfect idiot. You'll be fooled by the so-called giants that a mattress industry or furniture stores. They cannot match what you get every day from dialometrist. Call today 1-800 mattress. I use them, George Eusem, Miguel, Boca-Bron, even the Ancestors of notches idiotic fat boy. You ought to be calling them too. Call them right now 1-800 mattress, 1-800-MATT-R-ES. You'll be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight or check them out online at mattress.com. Joe, what an embarrassment. It's the heavy metal cousin of the year. A big metal mania featuring the king of heavy metal, very metal, very metal. Very metal, with special gas, cool. I know that it's heavy, but it's not. I'm the one who can't get my touch. I'm the one who can't get my touch. I'm the one who can't get my touch. I'm the one who can't get my touch. Very metal and trepid metal, maybe. Get your touch now. I'm the one who can't get my touch. Very metal, with a little kiss. I'm the one who can't get my touch. I'm the one who can't get my touch. Here's another round clip from the Fudge Report. They show a newspaper online in the movie. News paper photo of Reagan, Nancy, Doria, and Ron, Ron Jr., the ballet dancer, all smiling broadly, arms around each other. The headline blurs, he's not gay, he's his proud papa. We don't want to see that, do we? Oh, no, God forbid that Ronnie, he has a wife, you know, Ronnie Reagan Jr. What's his name again, so did Ron Hudson. Jim neighbors. Anyway, here's an interesting story. Don't be fooled us from the same p times that the John, thank you, John, facts to us. Don't be fooled, lottery is not helping education as it proclaims. Worst bet in the world, biggest sucker bet. You've got a better chance of going to Vegas than when he's 50 million dollars than you do, winning the Florida lottery. Which is why I'm not playing it maybe about three times. And did get that 13 bucks from Remerbody to weigh. Thanks a lot, Remer, you're the man. Oh, in this morning I was telling, I don't can't say that on the air. Can I know? I always tell him, it's got all about the East Pac-Man. Anyway, one drawback to sticking around for while and paying attention is that you remember old promises made of the public it says. By Howard Trucksler, commons for the same p times. Why is that such a drawback he has because it upsets the stomach? It's so much easier to believe blissfully than whatever is being said at the moment. The topic in hand is the Florida lottery. Twice recently I found myself actually yelling at my TV because of the lottery's latest commercial. The narrator breads about how much money the lottery is raised for education. Among the feats of which the commercial boasts is the construction of 100 new schools. Listen, the lottery was not supposed to build schools. The fact that lottery money is building schools at all is not something to brag about it. Something to be ashamed of. The lottery was promised to the people of Florida's way to enhance education. Every dollar we've told him the ADC's campaign was supposed to be an extra bonus. gravy for the kids of Florida on top of what we're already spending. Instead, here's the truth. Education in Florida is worse off since the lottery began. Education got almost 61% of Florida's general revenue in 1986 ADC. 7 years of the voters approved the lottery. Today it's getting only 53%. 8% less. The lottery provided the legislature and excuse to take away from education. Where a lottery dollars came in the front door. The legislature took away dollars out the back door. Look out for that back door. Reck him. Besides the loss of budget, share the floor lottery has a secondary bad effect. It's added the vote of reluctance to support other ways of increased school funding. That's right. The lottery is taken care of that. We don't want to put anymore money in here. Plus, if we got that asshole that calls in every time we bring up anything about schools. All the day, county budget is $4 billion for the school. Why'd you conduct an over here's Pete is becoming chronic. This isn't the export of Pete is it. I hope I don't know. Only no one. Here's Pete. This is I hope this gets through to you. I can't wait hours on the phone to get through. It's almost not be chronic because he's not in my life. Please, please, please, please. Continue the one to two county, but sour. I can't take an hour of purity songs. Maybe 50 minutes, but out of an entire hour. My vote would be to devote that hour to bedtime stories. Hey, that's not a bad idea. No, you're a problem with that. Because that's more bedtime stories all through the show every day anyway. As you notice today. And it is spursing a color too. Like this one for Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. How you doing today? Pretty good. I wanted to add one thing to your pole there, man. How did you forget about the Marlin Stadium issue? Oh, the Marlin Stadium issue. Excellent choice. Oh, it's got to be number one with the bullet today. Okay. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot, Pony. Have a great day. Start, man. Marlin Stadium issue. Got it? Got it. Oh, look at this. Look what's winning hand. That doesn't surprise me at all. Doesn't surprise me at all. The benefit, man. Early votes just come in to pull us up. 31 votes Ben and J. L. 22. Which of these are the least interested in when it become most pondress is nauseated by sports 3. Oh, Clarence, I'm going to be too happy about that. Kobe brought Red Case 2. Scott Lacey Peterson of Fair Elizabeth Smart 2. And we're adding now Marlin Stadium issue for one. So it says, so Pete says, please. So we had the other month says, please, please continue it. And this one says, please, this continued Schmidt Cannon, man. There's no stupid. Can't handle it. Please, Massa. Anyway, the, oh, you finally fetch me the second page of this. Good. Thank you. There's a widespread voter miss perception that the lottery somehow has solved education in Florida, just the opposite. Lottery dollars represented tiny fraction of Florida's total school budget, but you wouldn't know it from a lot of reason advertising, which relentless he talks about how much tickets sales help education. The lottery's website says its mission is to inform the public about these significance of lottery funding to the state's overall system of public education. If that were true, really, then here's what the lottery's advertising would say. Listen up, Florida, we're glad you're buying lottery tickets, but no matter what you think lottery revenues are only still a drop in a bucket in what Florida schools need. Until 1997, we kept up the pretends to lottery was supposed to win hand schools, but that year, Democrats and Republicans got together decided they couldn't resist taking lottery money for construction. Led by the late Governor walking lot in Charles, they created a program called Classrooms First. Heck, who could be opposed to that? That would use lottery money to pay off construction bonds. Today, $180 million a year goes to pay off that debt. Another big use of lottery money is to pay for the state's bright future scholarships, which are based on academic merit. It's interesting and typical at Florida would use a lot of research of purpose relying on ticket sales, which come disproportionately from poor people, to pay for academic scholarships, which go disproportionately to the better off. In essence, we're relying on poor suckers to pay everybody else's freight, don't worry it's working just fine. I criticism of the Florida, a reason that it only was spreading a misperceptive in the help of education would actually represent the net loss to Florida schools, but I voted for its creation back in 86 with ISO, but on simple grounds that will be you know, fun to have. Ralph Turlington, the former education commissioner who became the godfather of lottery campaign in 86, made another promise that he didn't get kept. He said that if lottery passed, he would ask for periodic votes every two to four years or another to keep it. If it's going to be a mistake, he said you can build it in the beginning where he can vote it out. Promises promises, promises, writes to this guy, what tells the name whoever it is in the same p times. Yeah, you can build it the beginning and if you don't like it and vote it out, if we had a chance to vote it out, no. Now of course not, we don't want to do that. A lot of suckers out there just waiting for the easy money man. And like he points out, the people who could least afford to play it a lot of way, either one so we're taking the last money man. I'm all for it. I'm all for it a lot of way. If you want to throw away your money, it's a free country. But you and I both know that it's just a way through away so money. Oh, it's it, but it's wonderful. We want to have a dream. It's what's called a pipe dream. A water pipe dream. Water pipe. That's the one. Dream. 45 votes Ben and J. Lowe 33. They don't want to hear from you. People they don't want to know from you. Go off on the desert island, screw your brains out or maybe we can find a boyfriend from her for him and a girlfriend for her or the other way around. Whatever we don't care. They're both boring. That's another thing. She's got a big ass. She can't sing for crap and she's just a boring actress. She couldn't act her way out of a paper sack if he stuck an oozy upper big fat ass. That's the right. He's concerned. He's got the personality of a dead man. If he if don't I am as little a bit younger. I think they were the same person. He has no you can't complain about Ben Affleck's personality. He don't have any. None. And now that what's his name? And Damon has turned a cold shoulder to him. He's called something. What? He's jealous of Jela. Get no objection. That's a good story. The public ought to buy that. 45 votes 33 for Ben and J. Lowe. Sports for Kobe Bryant 3. Scott Lacey Peterson 3. Elizabeth smart to Marlon State of Michigan. No vote so far. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. We got the mad dog at two today. It's good to have him back. The Humper 4 to 7 3 solid hours. Take your wings and you're quite a bit baby. We got the big O7 to 10. And then you got any K10 to 2. Do you know Marco Reductor? No games tonight. No panters. Nothing. So we got the big 3 long ponderous baby talk. Spanglish hours. Maybe you could work with him. You could tutor him a little bit or something. Sorry. I don't know. Well, no. Plus you know nothing about sports. But then again you have a that in common too. Here's a baby. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. I like the comment on this new tax break that the Bush has given to the people who drive these homers. Did you see that in the paper? Yes. Uh-huh. I think it's totally about insane. What do you think? I think don't you every like a good hammer. What's wrong with that? It was good enough for Bob. It's good enough for the Bushman. And Barbara Fishbox 560 pound 560. What was that guy like in a broom closet? It was at the Reven Joe. He was holy from his hammer. Was he calling was he getting a hammer out of his car? We're going to hope he enjoyed it. Thanks a lot. Scott scored it up because he never know. Monica with his mom maybe hanging around the taking sample. So to get the old DNA. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. I have a suggestion for the poem. Yeah. I turned on the computer. I looked to you call. But I'm not interested in any of these stuff. One if you have like none of the above all the above. Okay. You know like for somebody like me that don't care about any of the stuff. You've got all of the above sounds good. Sounds like a winner. Thank you man. Thanks for the good option. Sometimes I'd go for something that I don't really care. Right. Okay. All of you above you. All right. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. I wish I could have voted that. Which of the end we could put on air. Mentors didn't all of them. But if that's the case. We will trace the vote and come to your house and have you taken away with a butterfly net. If you really have a duty in all of these then you need some serious. A system. According to the media. We all are. Yeah. Oh yeah. The media knows what's important. What an I'd say during Alien Manors. A classic example of how they took a personal family custody case. And they made it into just an enormous worldwide. Right. World was like watching South Florida go. Like that. And especially when they caught on a mirror's greasy ass. And they said take a look at that thing. She made jail. Look like a piker. She made what jails. Aslica Karen Carpenter's after the they put her in a box. And she made a mirror's greasy ass. And once you mean like Mary some 10 year old boy or something. Something like that. Yeah. Some seriously some like punk. Well maybe she maybe alien got her like, you know. For maybe the appwellers gave her some good reports on it. Thing. Huh. Listen. It's okay. We understand. I know you're embarrassed. But it's a human ritual. Yeah. I have to have to kind of check out your your number. Every a couple of years. And I think it stops when you're how old. But. Maybe it's a tradition to say. Oh, my. That was so freaking embarrassing. Mandy, I'll boil us for like checking out Aliens penis. Oh, I guess better than father or tool. He had his turn. Yeah. 1113 at five, 60. It's one thing about those cubados. Men they like to share. You know, just pass it around. Let everybody get a piece. It's pretty good. Let's hear. 15 at five, 60. W. M. Brandy shoes is celebrating 25 long amazing years in a shoe business in South Florida. Congratulations. You folks at Brandy's. It takes anybody would like a lot of real. Stictuteiveness. To stay that long in South Florida. Them and me and the howl up 35 years. Wow. How's Jeff Cohen to it? Like they operate. Brandy's a fantastic slice of men's women's famous brand. Shoes like rock ports echoes. Mofisto timbulent. Clark's S.A.S. floor shine lots more. And a wide range of sizes. Don't forget smallville. And I right. No. Florida. Fuck I said smallville tomorrow. It's going to be 61. It's like a flashback to 61. But Lana and Clark. Smallville 61. And then next week it's like smallville 69. Anyway, whatever size you got. 6 to 15 for the men. Women's size is 5 to 12 and which from very narrow to the very very. Why? And with over 40,000 pair of name brand shoes. And they're 8,000 out square foot mega store. You can bet Scott's life and is. Everybody else he knows that they got exactly what you're looking for. And for in stock, ready to slap on your big fat foot. Brandy shoes. The place to take your feet for a great deal. There are 12 90 North federal highway. Pump it'll be chop in daily 9 to 9 Sunday. Send them to 5 and right now as a stupid. A smart time to visit Brandy's on their 25th anniversary. Come in for great sales and get a free gift with every purchase at Brandy shoes in Pompeo Beach. Fly and local. Your sports radio 5.62. UA. I am. On the Gilgain Zone. Father of William. Beats with his attorney. In preparation to take his son. That took you. Well, Mr. Gonzalez. How was your trip? Very good. Got that son. Do you have any questions before we go any further? CCC. This box with the pictures. It's in kind of what is this? Oh, that's a television. Oh, tell me. Mr. Roy, what does. Why does that mean? If I don't mean. Why does that mean? Why does that mean? Well, it means what's up? Like what's going on? Why does that mean? Right. It's a greeting. Why does that mean? No, I know that you're uncomfortable being here. This is a very difficult time for you soon. What is this? Oh, Mr. Peter. Stop, cross. Peter, he's incredible. How do they get the muts on it at least into the crust? I'm not sure. So as I was saying, as I was saying, we will try to make your stay here as comfortable as possible and get you home as quickly as possible. Bye, bye, bye. Are you going somewhere, sir? No, I'm missing to the new CD by the boy band InSync with my new Sony Disman. Is he incredible? Yes, Mr. Dom Zales, they are quite incredible, but we'll be meeting with the Justin and the Pay and your game for two. You must take me, but it ain't no lie. Bye, bye, bye. Oh, God, sir. Don't you want to get this over and get back to Cuba? What are you local? I love it here. There's like 300 channels on table and I can watch all the jetting games. What, sir? Mr. Lillier? But is Mr. Gonzalez? Where's he? Hey, alien. Bye, bye, bye. 11. 19. It's 5.60. WCU.M. People are complaining about talking so much about the pool. I was one of the choices on Friday over the weekend. Yeah, we build a pool. I mean, most guys out there, they like to work on a pool every day, right? Every day. In fact, they get somebody else, maybe some help them work on their pool with all the heavy lifting. End crawl spring. Oh, yeah, sure. End crawl spring says when history is written 100 years from now, the presidency of George W. Bush will mark the beginning of the decline and fall of the American Empire. You've got a good point, Ed. Maybe he was the net. Maybe 100 years from now, they won't be nobody around or right no history. Right. The way things are going. Here's a fact. From Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, I'm listening to you through the internet. I just want to say that I'm relieved that there are people in America who are not blinded by the Bush administration. I love America. My mother's my second home. I go to my mother every year since I was two years old. I'm a huge dolphin fan and such. I'm pissed off at one step. Best regards, Felipe. Thank you, Felipe. Huh? That's great. I wonder if Felipe has related to Pipee. But I'm sorry. I didn't even write 100 and 6 votes in Ben and J. They were running off with it. Now, remember what I said last week about calls from coral springs? Yeah. I mean, coral cables. Well, maybe today we're going to break. We never had a real one. You know, other than just melt contents. Here's coral cables. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I want to, you know, I agree with you about the CBS executives. They'll spy on this coward. You know, they should be airing that show. Yes. You know, the way that the car down to their bosses very much the way you did when you don't air the kiss and negro good morning and the convalesive bit. Yeah. You're a hypocrite, Neil. Yeah, right. See, see what I mean about coral cables. Always a new option. You'll see. I'm not all the way. Now, that's the same guys like the week. The same guy doing a different voice. Retire. Retire. I'm not a hypocrite. I don't know. The radio station. Okay. See, I don't think I don't decide policy. We're not executives. Right. 560560 pound five 60. I'm telling you, there's nothing but assholes and coral cables. Make no mistake about it. There was another one on here. Line five. Probably another one. Coral cables, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I just want to revisit the school funding issue for a second. If they gave money to teachers rather than to build cool, they could steal it. Yeah. Oh, this is that's it. Did I? No. I'm the different guy. Okay, good. There's always plenty of money to build cool. Right. Because they can steal that. But if they give it to the teachers, there's no way to get their hand on it. Right. So it's clear why they're playing you might even go cool. But if you take the graph out of it, nobody wants it in Florida. Exactly. Exactly. So you're like a real collar and coral geobals. Are you being held captive there or something? I mean, I'm a contractor and I'm just having to be working there today. Oh, I see. Oh, I knew you couldn't possibly live there. Oh, that's a lot of power. Have a great day. Get out of there quick. Thanks. How do you let's see? I know it. Third of the way. This program has uncovered like we usually do because the first guys the same asshole that call last week, but it retired. That whole crap. Yeah. And one is George going to be on again. We just don't get any like a real normal living and breathing person from Girl Gamals ever. And I don't think there are any who live there. I think it's a little bit ordinance. Who's picking with something along along with like no ducks and no pickups in the driveway. And know this and know that. No brains. No brains. No brains allowed. No IQ larger than your thumbnail. If you live in a geobals. I mean, all the years that I've been on here, I keep trying to think of I ever talked to like any rational person in Crowley. I don't think so. Including when I used to do you in baseball. People used to sit and stand going. Like that. I never forget the first game that I worked channel 33. But Bob Greasy, the first hurricane game on television. I'll keep in mind I had done five years on radio. And by everybody's a constant pre-dem good job. We've filled up to stands. Everybody thought, you know, you in baseball was the cats. Me out with the hottest thing went to Omaha to the College of World Series five years in a row. So here's the first game at Marqulite Stadium. And I'm doing channel 33 TV and Bob Greasy's doing the color. I'm doing a play by play. And J. Roe Keats gets on a PA before the game. And we also would like to welcome from channel 33 broadcasting night's game against the school of the blind. We'd like to Neil Rogers and Bob Greasy. And is he announced each name. Oh, yeah. That was Carl Gable. Yeah. I mean, I don't mind being booed. But based on what was there like a message there? Oh, message I guess was we hate you. And Bob Greasy, why would we want you be booing poor Bob Greasy? What did he ever do besides helped to win two Super Bowls or at least one and a half? Right? Yeah. Oh, man. The people in that place, Ciro Gables. That is that's one of the real parts of the. We're going to like take the map and surgically remove some of these places. And man, soft load to be a much better place. Much better. Big improvement. Here's Val Harbor. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Are you good? You also forgot Neil's to mention in Coral Gables that they take the color that you're going to pin your house with. You can't. You know, you can't pick Neil. Calling for two things. One, the one I had on the list. The World Trade Organization. Uh, meeting. They're going to have here. WTO meeting. They keep showing the same police officers getting ready and they're going to be ready for. Wherever. Um, you know, they're getting ready for something. No, no, no, no. They're ready for it. They're ready for it. They're bringing Washington for it. Um, and what was your thing? I was going to call you for. I don't know. I'm getting off. I'm getting, I'm getting, I'm getting Reagan. I want to think about it. Call you back. Okay. Thank you. WTO meeting in Miami. Let's get that on there. But only they're just jamming it. Then everybody's thirsty. He said to keep showing the same cops doing it. Which of these are you least interested in? Should have been in jail. Oh, 73. Nobody's going to touch them. And at this point, who would want to? Well, 131 vote. All of you, above 16. The Marlon Stadium issue 10. That's not a good sign. Kobe Bryant, rate case 10. Elizabeth, smart nine. Scott, Lacey Peterson, seven and sports. Six. Only six say they're tired of her. That's what I mean, because that covers too much. You know. Yeah. It's like a catch all. Oh, speaking of sports, we'll get to the pudgerod rega story to that. Don't look too promising. Does it Scott? Oh, well. But we're going to keep those team together. See, there's no loyalties. No, ma'am. What the hell did I do with my copy? Did I smith can my copy? That would be bad. Wouldn't it? We got more. I'm all serious though. I'm just wondering if I like smith can to piece of copy. I do it. Remember it right now? Why? I can't do it from memory, from memory. Oh, there it is right there. It's right in my hand. No wonder. 26 past 11 at 5, 60 WQM Imagine this. Zero closing costs. Zero application fee. Zero credit fee. A credit bureau fee. Like I said, zero discounted points. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group. Now with interest rate, it just 1.95% and amazing though, right? That creates payments like these. If you have a $200,000 loan, you pay only 738 bucks a month. Once you be finance or get a new home mortgage from financial group, you'll never ever. Play close and cost again. Call and find out about it because it could be right up your alley. Call 1-800-940-N. Grab real financing. Power with the low rate mortgage. You can move to your next property without any further cost to expense. Only one mortgage from financial group is what we're talking about. For details, call 1-800-940-N. It's a whole new and a smart way to buy. There is zero underwriting fee. Zero dock fee. Zero prep haven't been paid. Zero closing costs. Even when you move to another property. So get yourself financing at the astonishingly low rate of 1.0. 9.5% and never ever pay closing costs again. Call financial group today when in doubt check this out. Call 1-800-940-N. The R&D, the R&D, the R&D housing lender. Rescriptions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR. My life and low hall. This is Fort Radio 5 City. We wait 2.00. Florida. Yes. Yes. That's the looting. That's the looting. I saw my nailing, me just gave me cash. When you were married life would get a kimono fast. In so many days, once in million funds. And the admitting financial wife, we do what really it's so hard. Now we take 11 different pain pills. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. We do what we do. to see it? No. Well why not? Mass music at Taver, baby. They do affiliate which reaches 1.7 million households in Dayton, Broward Counties as the Coral Gables are all the Gables based now. We're 60 in the channel and major Hispanic markets across the US. Mass music at air and now see it might actually be pretty good because it's like, what was that one telemundo? Right? Not telemundo. No, no, no, no. The one that I used to get on a satellite from Mexico where I discovered Luis Miguel and all of that. I don't know what it was, but it had a lot of great stuff on our videos that you'd never see here or at least you'd see him here like a year or later. It was something like that. Tell a music. Some chai-john. Yeah, something like that. Tell a music. Anyway, Mass music at air Spanish language music, including rock, pop, tropical and regional Mexican. The five year old network targets the age 18 to 34 segment and who the hell doesn't, you know, everybody wants 18 to 34. 567. 0568. Pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I sure hope we had some additional donations over the weekend to abandon Perescue with our best of merchandise. No? No. No, no, no, no donations. You know that for a fact you just make them and I'm just making it up. Now, seriously. Heaven hurt. Oh, I don't say that Jesus Christ you've been there too long. Mr. You're starting to feel right in with the woodwork. Yeah, Mr. Negatory. Oh, no. You think anybody's going to contribute to abandon the Perescue and get our merchandise who you can, Mr. Well, that's great. What a bunch of cheap asses, man. And what about inside the building? You got a pile of checks there, sin, and front that you'd like to read the list of poly audience about the tremendous generosity of my colleagues there. I mean, they're just waiting till next week when my asses right back there in a South Florida again for a few days, huh? Yeah, that's what it is. They're going to come out. They want a handed to me personal and the check, too. That's my comment to you guys. Okay, much of tight asses. 567. 056560 on a AT&T line. Here's Weston. Hello. No, are you doing pretty good, sir? Just a year smoking a fat one nice. Oh, right. The flavor, a little berry flavor to it. Kelly, berry flavor. Hey, I was listening to the hours, sort of early this morning, and they were talking about star Jones was on the shopping network. And she was selling triple X side dresses. And actually would speak. She would speak. You know, after every like three words, she'd be like ready to pass out and die. You can understand why, right? Yeah. And it was very interesting to know that you know, someone so fat and huge is able to be on the air, you know, and she's so happy with her with her size and this that and the other. She's going to drop dead. What? They're just like, Tony Fields, the same thing. Oh, yeah. Oh, us fat women get picked on and fat is beautiful and I think you know, they're dead. By the way, I have one thing for you. Really nice. Neo wakes me up in the morning. Neo wakes me up in the day. Hey, I love you, Neo. All right. See you. By the way, Reverend Jones is called. They said, I had a message for Miss Kamala over a channel seven. You're gay. Five. Five six seven. Oh, five 60 pound five 60 on the AT and T line. Which of these are you the least interested in? Ben and J low 91. All of the above 27. The Marlon state of issue 11 Kobe Bryant rape case 10 Elizabeth smart 10 Scott and Lacey Peterson eight. I guess they like to Scott Lacey Peterson. So how did they follow him? I guess relative. Why? That's just relative. What? What in relevant to what? They're tired of other things more. No. How can you that I voted for that? I would pretty easy. You voted for what? I said, I avoid that story pretty easy. Sports six and the WTO meeting in Miami none so far. I'm 163 votes. Scott Lacey Peterson. So he killed her or not as the case may be. See, here's the deal. Like the Kobe Bryant. Oh, this is going to be bigger than OJ. Well, guess what? No. No, it's not. I'm going to tell you why. Let's use George as an example of what? Thanks. No, no, no, seriously, you were a good example. You're not the least interested in sports. You voted by the whole thing. Yet you certainly knew OJ Simpson. Sure, those commercials. The movie hurts commercials from the movies he was in. Right. Of course, you knew in behind all that who he was used to be a football player. Yeah. Yeah. Right. So so even a little punk like George who's not a sports nerd. New all about OJ Simpson plus keep in mind. He wasn't accused of raping somebody like my passion. He killed two people and caught a lot. His life and her up or Jewish buddy. He killed him. He slipped their trotes. You done at OJ. You miserable murdering bastard you and we're embarrassed to work on a radio station. We have people who are apologists for you working at. Let me don't forget remind me tomorrow to talk to a for all about that during the crossover. Okay. Because I don't know if he's aware that or not because he was talking about the water not seen today. Don't effort my long. But a bitch. Oh, she has very nice daughter though. Who is she still hanging around there? Yeah, she's great. She really is. She's a sweetheart. So don't hold the, you know, deal with people as individuals just because the mother's a nasty bitch. Don't hold that against the kids or vice versa. Uh, no, what's I just about to say about something about OJ being very, very famous. Kobe Bryant on the other hand. Did you know who Kobe Bryant was? Only because he was on the, we bind the teller and he's on the label. Yeah. But I didn't. Oh, the only thing he did. Did you know anything else about him? No. No. And people who don't buy in the teller, is that stuff any good? That's great. I don't want it. Don't tell me. I'm not listening. I'm putting my fingers in my ears. You're fingers at it. That's the last thing I need is to start because if I have that, I was going to say then I have to start buying bread to smear it on. You know, no, you just stick your hand in there. No, you just stick your finger in there and just stick it. That's what's grand said. Back them. So anyway, Kobe Bryant is small potatoes compared to OJ plus you didn't kill anybody. And nobody really gives a crap. In fact, how's he doing on here? And she has a report anyway. Oh, Scott and Lacy just moved up to 10 and Kobe's got 10 also. See, a lot of people don't really give a crap. As the media wants to get tri- It's like sticking your finger out the window to see which way the wind is blowing. They keep trying. You know, I love let's do a test run here and see what the response is. And always the public gonna go crazy with us and can we have another one of those great panels on Larry King that I, you know, I think they do the other way around. But so they have a meeting. They decide what we're going to care about. Then they tell us. Gaphart skips Boston forum to stump in Iowa. He's holding his stump in Iowa. He is a man lacking in personality lacking in vision lacking in courage. He is a man who absolutely has no business running for president. He's given Boston because he realizes he hasn't got a Chinaman's chance in the province town. Has no chance. Because you got Carrie and you got Dean and you got the jewelry were made up there off from the wingland. He hasn't got no chance. Don't forget America rocks the vote tonight. Do we know what that is? No. No, they're debate. What is that? In Kentucky several big city mayors races are also being applied. Okay, this election day by the way. What do we got elections like in surfside and Miramar and sweet water and Ojas today something like that? Admittedly. Here's a call from Opilaka. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. I'm voting for the stadium man because vote me a hundred times for the stadium man because I'm tired of hearing that. All right. And for the you're voting. Oh, you mean for hearing about the stadium? Yeah, man. Scabby. I thought vote for having a stadium. I don't think you don't you don't want to pay for it. Do you know no. Okay. Okay, pal. He will put you down for a hundred times. Okay. 567. 567. 560 pound 570. What do you say, Yamama? Yeah. I think he did say that right there. He has the shizzle and his little. Oh, I think I got more than everybody else put together. They got more than half. They got 15 people. It's 6% 96 votes. Benefer Jennifer. They low jail. Oh, we don't care and all mode. Don't you understand? There's only one thing we want to say to the both of you. Okay. Yeah. Enough of the guy that bullcraft. We don't care if he gets married divorced. If you do it like do-y style doggy stuff. We don't care what you do and you're like be this over to head with it. But amazingly it's like the alien thing, but the media hasn't been able to see they succeeded with alien where they're failing with Benefer. They succeeded. They had everybody ripped up into a frenzy because they convinced them that it was and plus of course with the help of the South Florida Media. And a bunch of old toothless whoios. It was human. It was human. It's a little crap. How come now? What did the Latin Grammys already took place? Yeah, I guess. Boy, must have been nothing really if signing happened. Must have been no Kubano's tried to like invade the performers anyway. Very quiet, very low key. There's a John Stamos who's still pretty good. Can't allow kids to look. Can't tell them. Doing the spots for 10, one of those phone card things. You know, one of those phone services? Long distance. Yeah. John Stamos. He was he was black. He on general hospital. What else was he on? Full house? Is that the name of that sitcom? I don't know. Come on. That's a sitcom. I don't know. You don't like John. Well, I don't watch it either. You don't like John Stamos? No. Why? What's that to like about him? What's to like? He's just a pretty good guy. He never stole a free train. I mean, I like him because he looks pretty good, but then I mean, you don't have to like him. Is it just because he looks good? You don't like him? Maybe you don't like Tom Brady either. You dislike Tom Brady? I don't know from Tom. What do you ever do with you? To you with you? Raw and in consequential to my life like John. He never did nothing with me. You know, that's why I'm pretty upset about it. Maybe John Stamos was going to go. I was going to Tom Brady in a Patriot yesterday. 30, 20, 60. They pulled it out of their ass against Denver right there in Denver against a team of the girls quarterback. Hey, listen, speaking over that. Speaking of J. Feele, you know, he might be out of work pretty soon. J. Feele. I don't know, but I just have that feeling. If you're underpaid and overworked, you like a new high-paying career, but don't have four years to waste on college. Maybe if that's your situation. Here's an answer for you. Call Todd Drek or call Fastrain. I think that's probably a better idea. Call 1, 866 Fast Train. Fast train can every train and certified for a high-paying computer network professional career or a high-paying medical computer specialist career and as little as four months. That is absolutely correct. You can be fully trained and ready for your new career and a short time as four months. It's no better than what is it fourth? Yes. I should know. I guess because it's my birthday tomorrow. So let's see December, January, for by like March by the eyes of March. You'll be ready to start making some serious cash. Because Fastrain offers you day-eaming weekend classes, job placement assistants, financial aid for people to qualify, and what this can be, locations are included for right there in South Florida. It's found to be a fast train right by your hood. So pick up the phone and call him today. Check a lot of the web first if you want to get more information. Fastrain.com and after you peruse it, pick up that instrument and make that call that could change your life and get you out of order real serious paycheck and a real serious life. Call 1-866 Fastrain. The Neil Roger. This is Sunday night. Richard Drackle-Star. In the share of the S.W.R.E.K.M.R.M.G. Raid on the Web. It's Steve Bushenning as the Nado del Pimple, the lying weaver who took credit for saving the boy. And Maria can shoot a alomso as Maris Lazyass, the ventilator served self-proclaimed virgin Maris Sarigat Mother who stood helplessly by as her livelihood was stripped away. And as everybody knows, Edward James Olmos was born to play Lazaro, the smarty near Duel who's dreams were crushed when the camera stopped rolling. Follow the family of Drunken Cubans as they fly to Washington DC to the man before a bat. Don't miss Raid on leather all Sunday night only on the TV. 1146-14 to the noon at 5.60 that Maris Lazyass, she's the best. Here's the fact that for Mike who says I feel good about the right wing. I guess the good or right wing got their way again. Haven't forbid anyone saying bad or truthful about St. Reagan. It's a good thing the fact that the government decides when it was of licenses and prices of new bandwidth for HDTV doesn't affect the multimedia giants decision making. Absolutely correct Mike. A perspricacious observation on your part. And a public is like that. I mean what the hell businesses it of the right wing coming in a bunch of lunatics and censoring material is going to err on it. It's like the same thing with a Catholic church. Hmm. Oh well we demand to see the script ahead of time so that we can censor it. Yeah. Great. A 43-year-old man faces charges after he smashed a bird feeder and threw a pumpkin through the window of a house where as young son said last week he didn't get any Halloweeny candy. This is an Ann Arbor, Michigan. Hang your head and shame mad dog. All right. Police reports so the man was taking a son trick or treating about 6.30 Friday evening when a child went to a house where a woman was passing out candy. The boy returned to his father crying saying he didn't get no candy. The man confronted the woman who said she had given a boy candy the father and son left but returned a few minutes later. The man approached the woman handed her a piece of paper that had it is dress written on it and told her to call the police according to the report. This is like up front. Okay. Right. Hands your piece of paper had his name and address call the police. Police said he then threw a small pumpkin through the front window, tossed a second pumpkin at the front door and uprooted and smashed a bird feeder from the front yard. A neighbor yelled at the man to stop as he was heading toward a large potted plant. The man took his son home and was there when police arrived. Well, at least he was, you know, he was there. The man was arrested. I'm charged a malicious discharge to property and police done his own work. There you go. This is a guy was a little bit pissed off on Halloween man because his kids said I'm getting no candy. He was like a crybaby. Maybe they moved the floor to soon and become dolphins. When you got you, I mean, that is original, though. If you're going to like it, it would be like a bunch of intruders come to your home and they ring the doorbell. Give you a sheet of paper. It's got their names and addresses shoe size, a whole deal and they say they call the police. That's the money they come in and very quickly. They like beat the crap out of everybody and steal stuff and then by the time the cops get their course they already van moose. Pretty interesting. 5605060 on the AT&T and for rise in Marlesland, Jen and Velo, man here, Kilimanjaro, Kilimanjaro competition. Which of these are the least interested in? 213 votes and there's nobody in the league with them. Ben and J. Loh 110. All of them are 45. Elizabeth Smart 13, Kobe Bryant Red case 13, the Marlon Stadium issue 12. All of us in New England heard nothing yet on that. Just wait. It's going to get tense. Scott and Lacey Peterson 10 sports 6 and the WTO meeting the World Trade Organization 4. That's one thing I do not care for in Canada and any Canadians as well. That thing would have organized ZATION. Mostly a hockey thing. All of these say it would pollute everything here. Not just hockey. In the US though, we can tell with a hockey coach is, well, the organization man, don't you hate that? What is that? It's like some kind of a thing. It's a thing. The organization brand where you say it all the time, BM, the organization. He could say it because it had no SNP. But, no that's why he liked Robbie Neetermark because there's no SNP. 560505060 and then at Denish Mickey man, he didn't like him too much. Here's a call from a four-laterdale. Good afternoon Neil. Yes sir. Good evening. I was going to give some money to that abandoned pet rescue of Gouldie. What's the address on that? Hello? Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Don't be afraid of rescue deal. Pet rescue deal? What kind of a voice is this sir? How long have you been working on it? Have you been practicing all morning? See, I thought you would allow the push that button and any more work. Yeah, I think there he is. 560505060 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. So I'll tell you one thing. It's a good thing we're not going to be doing that in one of two bits. Our tomorrow I don't think we're no more on Wednesday because then we'll get in a lot more of these great calls. I mean, oh thank goodness for that. How could anybody sleep tonight if we hadn't got an ad call and they would know somewhere in the back of their mind, we'd have missed out on a really great call entertainment amusement hysteria, right? Right. So how could you possibly go to sleep? Be rolling and rock and roll and drugs, lots of drugs. Here's Fort Lauderdale, huh? Hey, are you guys in Canada right now? No. Okay. So you guys, you guys do the show in Canada and fly back to down the South Port? Yeah, pretty cool. All of us. About team. Not the Marlin. What are you asking this question? What differences did it make where we're doing the show from? Marlin is curious. What is it sound like to you when you're listening on a radio? What is it sound like? It sounds okay. It sounds okay. Is it sound like we're there? Well, I just wanted to know because I get confused. You sometimes you say, you know, I'm in Canada, I'm in Florida now. I'm in the state of agony. Yeah. About the Marlin's story. Why do we need to stay in? We've had in New York and they couldn't even hear anything out of our stadium. I think it's great. Keep the one we got. Yeah, I don't think they're losing money there. What is the issue there? The issue there is that Wayne owns the stadium and the deal they got with Wayne pre-cludes them for making any money. I see. Yeah, that guy looked like a real tool on the news. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. The point of view is that the bottom line is they're going to have to like move some place else because the public don't want to build a stadium. We did it. We did it. We did it. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. By the way, George. Are you in Canada? Yeah, I'm in Vancouver. All right. I'm in the medicine hat and of course we got Scott over there in Camp Loops. Scott is in Camlook. He's going to be doing a moose shot tomorrow. And then red deer on Friday. It's going to be really exciting. No, no, no, no. Friday. The radio and hot springs. Red deer. What's his name? Randy Mollard. Who's Randy Mollard is a silly clown by the way who fancies himself as a real broadcaster and gets very upset every time I say this on here. Maybe you weren't around a virgin being a real broadcaster a few years ago, Randy, but now you're just like a circus clown. You become like the a mascot of the team. Oh, I take that away. I shouldn't have said that. Stanley C will be very upset with me. Stanley C Panther. He's the one great hope man. Now who is Stanley C Panther? That's not John Ruth. Is it who is like the uh huh? I'm asking Scott. He goes to all the games. I know, but he stood me up in an appearance last week. What do you mean by that? He didn't show up. He stood here. Do you want appearances? Yeah. It's lower to think as the promotions guy. I don't understand. The promotions is van driving flunky gets paid to do appearances as does the talent. Are you smitten me? Well, how come Scott's always wanted about he hasn't got two nickels to rub. You got new deal. We swung you got money coming in from all sides now, man. Plus you got your Marla these uh Panther tickets. I'm giving you that you're probably scalping outside the arena. I got pay people to take them to no doubt probably. I'm taking it. Yeah, who the hell? Months and for and then for Rob was given away. Panther tickets this morning. That is really shameless. But his bucket load. I gave him was he really how much time to take kill with that? About 30 really? Well, that's bad. Come on for Rob. Don't be doing that to us. We're just on the verge of greatness here. Don't get discouraged because Greg reads an asshole. Okay. And because these are a bunch of whimpering panties. By the way, congratulations Eric you demand. Eric demand. You wonder why I say that? I had barely got the words out of my hot breath here and the said about getting that two-way him link off our website and it's gone. It's gone going gone. Long gone. Are you proud of that? Huh? I said the QM link the link to the QM website is gone. It is off of our thing. It's out of our lives. I'll offer theirs. What? Didn't they have a link to us as well? Cross-linking? You know, when you're in Canada it's hard to communicate with you. You know? Is that what it is? Didn't I tell you this morning about the phone call I had yesterday from off-inclarence? But there's two ways. Two links. You don't seem to understand. I'm a QM website. There was a link to Neil Rogers.com. Right. And we had one to them. Right. And they took theirs off. Oh, they already did that. They've already done it. Or they're in the process of doing course everything they do requires a big deal because they got to get the the bees. They've got to get the son out of the tree with a banjo. And they got to get him down there to dittle with the internet and do whatever it is. Just like trying to get the email to stop working. See they don't want to cooperate with us at all. So I say school. Okay. We're in Island anyone is radio station. The rest of QM wants nothing to do with us. They're not donating to our fundraiser. They don't want to be involved in promoting our website because we got all some stuff on here, which is not regulated by the FCC or anybody else. Thank God yet. That's because we got our own long on there or whatever it is. They're all panicky about this week. And so the point being I said, if they're not going to do it, it's good for the good. You know, obviously not with it today at all. Even Scott knows I said what's good for the goose is good for the gander if I play that duck spot. And then I said Eric take that off and you're going to write and it's gone. What? Your job. I just want the audience to know right now. George will not be there next week. He'll be gone. Four minutes till noon is 5.60 WQAM. If you're looking to replace that tired old carpeting in your home speaking of tired and old, let me tell you about Laminate Cerras. They're the easy low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring, which looks really nice, but man it costs you an arm in six legs. Laminate Cerras is the best place to find Laminate wood flooring from Pirrador, pervo, Wilson Art Unifluir and Quixtep and all of their flooring is installed by pervo certified installers who know exactly what they're doing. Here's another great reason why I ought to be call Laminate Cerras. Their prices are so low. They'll floreya. Right now get their fall special for just 1495 bucks. That's right. You heard correct. Just 1495 bucks. It gets you up to 295 square feet of beautiful, easy to care for Laminate wood flooring. It's positively unbeatable. Laminate Cerras will match any legitimate wood not for free and I'll message it. Call them full free. Call Laminate Cerras at 1-877-77-733-36. What could be easier for you to be carpeted disposal? Be furniture moving at 25-year warranty and years of beautiful, easy care Laminate wood flooring. Colamines are us today toll free at 1-877-77-733-36-1877-77733-36 when a Gestapo comes from all of us be sure to tell him more north of the board. Where are it beaded? Well the water off on WQAM. It's a world of nuns walking side by side. You can all read and on the hair bins right. Same in line. You will wait a minute. Early game. It's a whole world that they're all. There's a bunch of teachers that you can buy. You can even lunch with a real cold guy. Take your picture. It's a snap sitting there in the post-light. It's a whole world after all. It's a whole world after all. To enter you must be the soul to pass again with a shopping mall. It's a whole world after all. Letterman Mrs. Show girlfriend in labor isn't a little bit on the ancient side first of all to be fathering a baby like Larry King and all these other AKs, Tonya. What's wrong? It was the one Tony Randall. But wouldn't you also say? I mean correct me if I'm wrong but isn't he a little bit old to be living with a girlfriend? I mean you know maybe I'm wrong but coming old fashion girl. He's too freaking old to be little. Why is he getting married to the bitch? Yeah she's back. I'm all the cash. That's why if I stay everybody out there don't get married. So here's the new deal from my bag dad. After that time at the same time I think you have to say that you know it's difficult to predict when these acts of that. This is the same guy with the same outfit on and we saw yesterday you've got to be kidding me. Pinch me if I'm away. Okay. I don't feel nothing. I'm sleeping. This has got to be the same exact headline multiple largest portions and central bag dad. CNN's got the same third burger on it. The same silly ass Brit that was on her yesterday with it all. Do a difference being at his mic is like off and he what is a bob Arna? They don't say yes. They move it up and down to get the range. They have field like months. We did able to range the greens out meaning they're waiting twice. Bob Arna who used to be Dr Bob Arna what he was on CBS and now he's like an international collection. I spoke to the CPA today and they basically said it is only a matter of time until they start to get buildings and we'll see in your US compound. Well we heard and I wish Mr. White Out of our window here was first a very loud explosion and about two minutes later we heard two more. I only heard one land of course I'm on the other time ago. One of our crew actually saw a flash and then spoke and that's believed to be directly adjacent to the green cell which is the name headquarters of the administration. Now there are 100 measures available. There are 105 millimeter haulsors at the US Armored Division here can fire back. If it's not in a heavily populated area unfortunately it's easily heavily populated and so they're unwilling to take that risk where they launch from is a long-dissided river there what they call holes where you have trees, a grove of trees in there you don't have any. That sounds to me like we're one of them and one of them decols are not going to get out of any time soon. The base plates sit there they're azimuth and they're bearing and fire those motors, lock them into central back that so it's an escalation here in terms of the war against the CPA by the terrorist. I thought the war was over George. But no more over to now President to say he guess what the war is over that phase of it is all over it now it's rebuilding and doing this and grabbing a hold of the oil and whatever else we can squeeze out here just make it the rebuilding going for Halibut and Beck Hill all of our other good friends. This is all the Ramadan business. Have children who are being taken out of schools you have parents who are hugging at home and the other thing is happening you're just interesting it's just now the threat of increased kidnapping already some prominent Iraqis and their children have been kidnapped and the theories that this will now escalate the foreigners and even members of the press so if isn't escalating war here if you drive around the city honestly you don't actually feel that attention that in people's homes you see that they're terrified for their children and what may happen to them is this does escalate here. Well thank goodness the George Bush and all these other Graham okay really did have a good poll wolf witch and merchant parole and all these other people and uh donma rumsfeld and the deccini of course don't forget what his good friends at Halibut. So there's the latest we'll have a little more but whatever it all comes along 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 0 at a close now to more dead people more wounded people more bodies more arms missing more legs missing and more mayhem in hysteria all over a bunch of lies that's what it is that's what it all is it's worth it and the democrats say you go boys because we don't want to be perceived is not supporting our troops so here's $87 billion I mean what and it's not alone it's a gift because we certainly don't want to leave us on the backs of the Iraqi children and mortgages their future away and have to repay all of this massive debt plus that they've already got to repay so let's lay it on the American children of the future a debt that they're going to have to be paying for the rest of their lives as we've already got the biggest deficit and history of the goddamn country this is a disaster if we had people that are bringing this country they'd be marching on Washington there'd be care of hands there'd be busloads greyhound there'd be overbook people sitting on each other's lats and buses on a way to wash them to say impeach this son of a bitch now and cut the crap stop the bologna and we could be spending the $87 billion really fighting terrorism really finding Osama really disembowling a al-Qaeda and all these other crazy terrorists alluded to groups we could be taking all the freaking money that we're given it is earlier here and we could be using that money to fight terrorism and make American citizens safe and give them an education and help people who are starving to death and can't afford to buy their overpriced prescription drugs because we have a bunch of propaganda is going on here every day talking about how the drugs that come from Canada are tainted and they're from Pakistan and holy nose what's it yeah right god forbid that American citizens should be buying drugs from a tenth world country like Canada a oh man what a pile of duty you know you can you can smell it oh thank god for Jean Cretchen I never thought I would say that for that frog but thank god for him Jesus and talking about dumbledore to make our country more secure yeah we're making our Americans and everybody more secure it's blurtry is what it is it's mass murder and mayhem making us more secure I mean this man really believes he's talking to a bunch of morons people are as dumb as he isn't you know he may have a point he may have a point America will never run not until we got all those hoses hooked up you don't say to or suck in every last drop of oil out of that Iraqi a desert we won't run till the oil does I like it maybe that's going to be his campaign slogan next year I'll go get the buttons I'll ride 5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line and a public sits back and they watch this every day like it's a made for TV movie or something like these aren't real people and god forbid we ought to be able to see the goddamn coffins with the drape of the American flag there's dead kids in there and it's easy for you to sit back wow you're at the American I wonder if it was some of you punts out there or some of your best friends or some of your sons or some of your damn nephews or whatever it all was I wonder what you'd be saying then or some of your husbands it's like sending sheep to slaughter is what it is and a public sits back blurtry I'm telling you you mark my words it's just a matter of fricking time or here's MSNBC again with a pictures you know there oh Jesus I'm sure that these people will be pinned up on at bulletin board again by the end of the week boy just it just a it's just enough to tear your guts out and not just the fact that it's happening but that the American political system is just falling apart you got a one party system the Democratic party basically doesn't exist doesn't exist the media doesn't exist other than just be a much at cheerleader's give every give more a bunch of pompoms give then rather a pompoms we can go on CBS tonight and announce probably probably that we cancel the Reagan series because we don't want to piss off the president and all the other right wingers who take it over to country and a boardless coup that's right let's hear it Dan you go boy Jesus country that doesn't give a flying crap above humor life and of course we're not even counting the country isn't even making an attempt to count the number of dead irackies number one because we don't really care right number two because the number is way too embarrassing and humiliating and degrading unacceptable because each and every one of those people even though they were living under dictatorship and oppression every one of those people would be alive today they were living everyone of these American soldiers would be alive today if it weren't for the biggest fraud property this even makes the stock market fraud paleo and what significance they're talking human life here which is there's no dollars amount you can put on it watergate savings and loan scandal what else and run all of it all of these things but the media sits back there and but I mean but I'm not you know don't have the balls in the curve the democratic party that's why the democratic party blows I've told you for years both parties suck oh well Neil you're so negative above all you we need to get on the bad way with general Wesley Clark you let's get some god deli would west Clark huh let's go to the deli den in the the rascal house with Wesley Clark wow what a joke talking to people over the you do a hungry who are busy stuff in your little sack with sweet low and god damn rules and silverware at the rascal house the same old farts that put every other deli in town out of business already over the years he wants you know papa next no more no wolfies because all the old Jews put him out of business people around death row for less fever read and some of those old cockers did I and saw Florida but here's general Wesley Clark comes to Florida who does he talk to does he talk to the masses these he going talk to the Cubans to the anglo's no he goes and talks to the old Jews at the deli I'm telling you I still think he was looking for some good kishpy and had to be yet nobody could be that stupid oh you're wrong Neil Wesley Clark was so great on me to press 10 weeks ago yeah right then in 50 cents will get you half a cup of coffee at the rascal house and if they spill it on your lap should be your worst problem sunny yeah I heard that story still yes what I ain't no band leader which in these are the least interested in then and I think we got to call the godfather I'd really do we got to call Dom Koli on it what what we need I mean is we well I would like to see right now is the mafia take over America don't you think that's a good idea oh they have I thought no I'm serious we need the mafia to take over the country not put them out of business they only kill their role and they don't must with innocent pain in the asfice standards sex you want it no problem drugs you want them no problem they just want to be because he knows no problem sure have a good time they would just just just a little piece a piece for this one a piece for that one piece in our time just like what's his name kiss and you said that not the piece in our time let me say I swear I'm a shoulder my grandchildren and I will not be the one to break the piece we've made it see there you go he ain't gonna break the piece for she can't find his piece no more but that's beside the point what's he way about 600 now I think I hate to say but I think by the before 2004 ends next year we're gonna be saying we're gonna be saying something in Marlon Brando I buy buy that you don't want to say you know now you're gonna get to pano case or me all look at it be a Paul bear for that 12 only take it how many of us to carry that thing Well 13 at 560 WQA M. Svelk senior US compound more sploresons in bag that is the Ramadan Ted offensive continues in Iraq it won't be long now before all your relatives come down for the holidays or maybe your parents to come down to stay for the winter or some other intruders in either case you could do need a new mattress do what the smart people a QM have done call 1800 mattress that's the number four dollar mattress the mattress industry is full of phony claims and shell gains but at dollar mattress no falls promises no bait and swish just discount prices every day on a brand name you know and trust in love and covet now including students and foster hewitt when you call dial a mattress at 1800 mattress you picked the day in time for delivery any to our window that's convenient for you when your ass is gonna be home any day seven days a week eight and a.m. to 10 p.m. you ought to be sleeping on mattress from dial a mattress because I've been doing it for years in my back is a beautiful thing the rest of me sucks for my back's not too bad on a sales practices fantastic service everyday low prices same day delivery and free setup removal so it's easy to see you know but it can touch this deal by dial a mattress is right number one a customer satisfaction in the universe don't get sucked in baby by those so-called giants in the mattress industry furniture stores everybody likes to get sucked but not sucked in they can't match what you get from dial a mattress pick up the phone right now and call tool free 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TT RES all the smart people at you and are using my George and me and Miguel and Boca brand and even some of the dumb people like fat boy online check them out at mattress dot com dial a mattress the easy the smart way to get you a great night's sleep you're sports when you five six two AM explosion inside the man disappears Forget about Korea and the North Dakota Nanta were right. We're just feeling it over and over it to our head. That Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction. 3,000 people killed. Our now forgotten, let's exploit them instead. Hey, there's oil to be cotton. Going after, said down to, playing Kato Sama. There's no longer mention of the name in Laudon. But no one seems concerned of the incomplacence. Believe in every word of this cartel, it's administration. That controls us by fear through media manipulation. And the right wing is drilling it over and over it to our heads. And Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction. And we're just trying to get out of the country. The loss of civil rights is the rights that we're paying. We're all suspects now, not the ash crop is seen. I have nothing to hide. Table partners all are saying, I know being in Kato don't have any reservation. Out of provoke, battle and world annihilation. Old regime must fall and have a virgin and stoke with no objection at all. Till the crackstone have the falls and the right wing is drilling it over and over it to our parade washheads. I racked up with the mass destruction. We're home with the emacions. Only I racked up with the mass destruction. We're home with the mass destruction. We're home with the mass destruction. We're home with the mass destruction. We're home with the mass destruction. We're home with the mass destruction. We're home with the mass destruction. We're home with the mass destruction. We're home with the mass destruction. We're home with the mass destruction. We have reached an agreement to license the exhibition rights for the film to show time a subscriber based pay cable network. We believe this is a solution that benefits everyone involved. This was not an easy decision to make CBS does tackle controversial subject and provide tough assessments of prominent historical figures and events as we did with film such as Jesus 911 and Hitler. We will continue to do so in the future and by the way people at CBS Hitler would be proud of the way you caved. Is that incredible or what? No it's very credible. Do you know that there is a way of knowing what to say? The MCC doesn't have the same control over the cable channels as they do over the air channels like us. That's really what they're saying in that one line. Right. Here's some good news you'll be pleased about. While we're waiting to see how many three explosions inside the Manuous compounded Bob Arnid is on their on MSNBC. Wal-Mart stores said that a has received a target letter from the US attorney's office saying the world's largest retailer allegedly violated federal immigration laws. The company is the target Wal-Mart spokesman. Wal-Mart says on our coverage 23 federal agents arrested about 250 allegedly illegal workers in the 21 state sweep of Wal-Mart stores federal prosecutors in Pennsylvania are handling the case. William said the company executives are not the subject of the inquiry. Wal-Mart was not surprised by this formal notification since it's in keeping with comments made by federal officials after the raids. William said the raids. He said Wal-Mart received a letter fried in the grand jury will look at whether the company violated federal immigration laws and connection with the US of third party floor cleaning contractors. Clean up your act of it air Wal-Mart you grave robbers you crazy Nazi bastards you. We hate Wal-Mart and ensure we despise them for the passion. I'd be like that. Were you filed and we've halted by them. 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a call from a wrong line. Sorry about that. Hey baby, yes sir. Are you doing okay? You hit it right on the head now man. I don't know what happened to all the coverage of the war but man if they had more of it I think more people would be pissed off seeing these people for what? For nothing because they ain't caught out of yet. They ain't caught in a lot of yet. If I hold up somewhere and switch to drink and charting in on that. Probably. You know. You have a good day. And you too paling. Thanks for your perspicacious observations. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and rise more to the bottom. Multiple large explosions and central bag that will flood by our Jane Arath as the main coalition compound in areas. That's where there are a lot of US military personnel, civilian personnel and other coalition partners. It's a huge area of former presidential palace of the former Iraqi dictator that I'm saying but you can see this area. You see the smoke coming up. It's already dark now. Another point to all of this is they put the personnel over there to troops and all the other American personnel in harm's way without adequate security is what they've done. Because they were not only with a old plan they were totally unplanned. They're going to walk in the eyes. I beg your pardon. They're going to welcome us as heroes. Well that's right. I forgot about the candy they're going to be given as king. I can't get invited. Is in for some halava. Stuff like that. Here's a call from color rage. Yeah, I want to talk about the golf. Why don't? 5607. 560. See there's what's wrong with America right there. He wants to talk about the dolphins. Go to hell. They want to do something fire or not. He's done. He's coast. North America is sick. North America is waiting in a wingsman like a culture. Like a old turkey buzzard. I just asked you a little simple question. There don't get carried away. We're going to cut off those personal appearances in all those big books. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. Can you do 241? Here's a call from Papino. Hello. Where is it? West Palm Beach. Hello. It's a swaps are calling. How are you doing? Okay. Yeah. You know, you're right about all those things. And one thing I'm mad is that the facts is I really still want to get you to read that a cyanide po effects on the air. And then what about Cheney with sex with Kathy O'Brien? I know I do what you're talking about. I said those facts are about three times already. Would you listen to me? Yeah. Are you the guy to keep sending these long long ponderous facts as a Georgia's getting pork off about his. I don't know. How many how many pages of material are we talking about? I'm only three for the Kathy O'Brien one and for the cyanide Pope was only one. What what does that mean cyanide Pope? What does that mean? That means before he became the pope and he was in Poland as a daughter door sales minister of cyanide. Yeah. And and other things and then he had a lot of Listen, fact of again, a good last. Do you know what he's talking about? No. If it says a one page thing like that, then it might have been It led you know like a big blocky thing. Well, I mean, why do we want to talk about the poposal cyanide? Okay. We'll talk about the bear people who made all that gas right. Experimented on the Jews right. Why don't we talk about that? Because nobody, I mean, the Pope, we already know what a daughtering old lunatic he is viewing Stone Age rhetoric. But the bear aspirin people not too many people know about that was they should be taking St. Joseph or something like that. Right. What's some other aspirin's? Anderson. Anderson. Bad. Adrian. Anybody except bear, okay? Are you Jews out there? Go to your medicine cabinet right now. Take take a look at the bear and when it down throw it out, They pronounce it by your in Germany. Don't they? Twenty eight past noon at five sixty WCM. If you're underpaid and overworked, if you need a new job, but you just don't have four years to waste on colors to get the training. This is the easy way to do it. It's called a phone call. That's all it takes to change your life forever. Call fast train toll free at one eight six six fast train. They can have you trained in certified for a great high pain computer network professional career or a high pain medical computer specialist and they can do it as soon as four months. That's correct. You can be fully trained ready for your new career as soon as four months. Fast train offers day evening weekend classes. They offer your job placement assistance and financial aid to people to qualify as well. With six locations in Florida and for in South Florida, it just makes common sense. You don't have to be a genius to figure out there's probably a fast train fairly close to where you live to. So if you like to get out of your dead and job pedigree boss to shove it and get yourself a real career and a big fat paycheck that goes along with it and change your life on a real positive way. Here's a way to do it called fast train today. Check them out of the web at fast train.com and then make that call fast train at one eight six six fast train. For the fact that they hear a roll right wing Nazi with love again mother. St. the Monty is Monty's who we're in their own mother. I'll let you go and say that when it comes to your back as they bake your board that train right wing Nazi with love again mother. Well, adjust in and look just have a feeling the airways with a dream. The radio was permeated with the lights a doctor Lauraville, Andrew and Michael Reagan. They call it clear channel cost clearly out to make the message clear. The right wing Nazi with love again mother. $3-second on bars quite often chose in the They are told to believe and worship George's there king. Right wing Nazi republican mother f***er. Well, the democrats who crap their pants like a child at a scary boofy. A terrible color who should go home and shut up, but he don't have the coolities doing. The democrats have a death wish when it comes to the sky. And who they will run? And you can color them done. And if they run jolly, they're mine. Oh boy! Right wing Nazi republican mother f***er. There are right wing Nazi republican mother f***er. Who get a negative message and then they're getting a juicy hover. Just remember what I said when it comes to your back. They make you or that train. Right wing Nazi republican mother f***er. They're all right wing Nazi republican mother f***er. But all the tables are connedities. 23 at 5.60 WCM. So this is what AP is saying. Huge explosions rock central Baghdad on Tuesday night. And Iraqi police said two mortars landed inside the compound. Used as a headquarters of the US occupation. Four large explosions could be heard about 7.45 pm a rack time. And smoke could be seen rising from an orphan end of the US compound near the bridge over the Tigris River. The US military command confirmed two impacts in the city center but didn't say where. Iraqi police said two of the rounds impacted the US controlled green zone. A one square mile area along the western bank of the Tigris where the coalition headquarters is located. It was the second straight night of heavy explosions in the center of Iraqi capital. And they're all f***ed up because we don't know what happened yet. We don't know if J. Bremer by the way was in that compound. I just mentioned that in passing. Iraqi West Palm Beach says couldn't hold on because he's a work but he'll later addition for our poll. It's a good one. Terry Shiavo. Yep. Are they still having a field angle and nuts? Not really. But they have been. And he did the one here about. He's not interested in Terry Freak and Shiavo. Pull the dam plugs already. Okay. Pull the cords. Pull the dam cubes up. And the F***er. Terry Shiavo get her ass on there. 560, 0.560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. A lot of open lines there now. Because we don't want to talk about the dolphins I guess. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Neil? Yes sir. What are we going to do with Bill come out? Like I said, here's my, my, me hello. Our last call. Neil? Yes sir. I haven't heard you speak about the state of Florida and Paw Beach County. Give me a half a billion dollars to that script research company. Have you aware of it? Yeah. I saw it with the story. Yeah. This is a state that has no money for health care and no money. Right. Right. We have touched rates for corporations and have a billion dollars. I don't know. I'm your catchin' on. Right. Yeah. Terrific. All righty. I live in the Toronto part of the time. I have a great day life. 560, look at that. They're not all calling aboard. Nice call on guys. You're really into it. See like I said, they don't care. You can bring a horse to water where you can't make them drink. Same thing with a American public. Look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look. Like that. And that's why this continues going on. Let's see CBS canceled that they don't cancel it. They ship it off the show time. Because they know that we can see that. They formed it out. They've formed it out when it up. Because they got the heat off. The CBS I know is they're using some advising to clear it up a little bit. And we got another the Ramadan slaughter slaughter and massacre with the lunatic so that their continues as we have our people in harm's way and more and more bodies being brought every day, even though they don't want you to see it. For the first time ever a poll is finally majority of Americans disapprove of President his handling of Iraq, even before yesterday's attack and today's though goes on. The poll was taken over the last week, during which the mounting U.S. casualties were denying the public's confidence, the Washington Post poll showed the number of who approved Mr. Bush's handling at 47%, the number of this to disapprove 51%. So the number who approved his handling of Iraq has fallen 28% as points since the end of April and the disapprove number 51% the first time it's broken 50% since the war started. 54% said the war was worth fighting 44% said it was not and again poll taken before yesterday. And marks the figures were 70% said it was worth fighting in only 27% not. So there you go for what it's worth. That 75% said it may be 3 quarters of a cup of coffee at the Rascal House. Two state workers were fired Monday and Connecticut over 2,000 on anthrax hopes that fourth evacuation more than 800 employees from an office building. Joseph Farniar is and David Sattler, were dismissed by Connecticut Department of Environmental Protection for engaging in the activity which is detrimental to the best interest of the agency or the state said commissioner Arthur Roque. Farniar is Farniar, what kind of a name is that? Farniar is for convicted last December of line of head of relations above the source of a white powder found on his desk next to a piece of paper mark with a mispelled word anthrax October 11, 2001. And there's one thing you don't want to be joking anybody about especially back then believe you me was anthrax right or him because he ain't no joke. I'll tell you what is a sick joke and that is this phone. Take a look at that. Nobody gives a flying crap. Nobody's got nothing to say but like much of ring in cease-pand. Sure. Uh, bring in these pants. Had them hear the comments about your audience with all these things going on. Here's a call from Kendall. Hello. Yes, sir. Under your recommendation, I rented network when amazing movement. Right. I don't remind of me of like clear channel and uh, I'm a man of health, but I don't think this anymore. Oh, well, I can't tell you. I'm a man of health. I'm a man of health. I'm a man of health. And then uh, but my buddy just told me that the Westerclar is being endorsed by Michael Moore. Yeah. You hear anything about that? No. Because I had to tell her to Westerclar would have been a Republican if the uh, the call wrote would only return to his phone calls. Probably. And you know who did the same thing? Eisenhower Eisenhower. Oh, yeah. Yeah. He was kind of like in the middle. He was totally non-political and after W. W. W. To the Republican, originally he uh, thought he might have been a Democrat. But he won't really go stuff about you. We have to be careful about the military industrial conflict. Right. That's right. Well, he knew. Yeah, exactly. He knew first and we will need more people like that. Maybe Westerclar is good. I don't know. I wouldn't say we need more people like Eisenhower. He was also very anti-median. It was like, uh, one of the first to really try to intimidate and, uh, rip off rip the crap out of the media. I like the bit in, uh, network last night. He was saying that it's, the really is no religion. There is no country to roll about the dollar and how to market work all over the minute of line. And that movie is the world is a business Mr. Beal. When Ned Batie's there in the year, a boardroom of IT and T, the world is a business Mr. Beal. That's all you need to know. And, uh, he's done the way was looking pretty good in that movie. I would have done it like that. That's what William Holden talked to. He was holding it. Thanks, Bobby. It's hard to. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. The pool, which of these are you least interested in Ben and J. load. That's that's a given. 159. Nobody can touch them. All of the above 88. Kobe Bryant, rate case 22. Marlon's new stadium is you 18. Elizabeth, not so smart 16. Scott, Lacey Peterson, 14. The world trade organization meeting in Miami, nine and sports eight out of 334 vote. Don't get yourself all whipped up now. They don't care. They're not going to care. You're not going to make them care. Leave it to watch your name. Shoot it. I'll whip up a new friend. He's still ain't going to make no difference. My life in local. We're sports radio 5, 60, shoot it. You a M. 1, 2, 3, 4, more bombs drop. 5, 6, 7, 8, more bombs drop. Oh, my 10, 11, 12, more bombs drop. We're going to drop. It's the bomb around the clock. We're going to drop them bombs and make those days. Loans at the ground right off their heads. We're going to fall around the clock tonight. We're going to bomb bomb. Up there, lights. We're going to bomb, going to bomb around the clock tonight. Oh, right. Here's a real gun, bomb, so fab of blast. We're going to drop them. We're going to bomb around the clock tonight. We're going to bomb bomb. Up there, lights. We're going to bomb, going to bomb around the clock tonight. We can just stop the boy. Oh my, no. Please, no. All or something. 246 at 560WQM, multiple largest floors in central Baghdad, 4. Count em 4. 4 now. 3 in the US compound. But there's still a lot of this to wait for the smoke to clear if you pardon that expression. 560505060 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami, hello. There are less wind-commonitions. Here's a call from Miami. What does it? We just want the world theory. Alright, nice going David. He's got his priorities straightened up. Beautiful job. Okay, anybody missed it. That was silly Samsung saying we won the World Series. Excellent. Nice job. Now fly away sweet boy. 560, pound 560 to because on Colop C, Span and CNN haven't come in. So they can record some of these great calls. Alright. Here's a call from 4-Lotterdale. Yes sir. Yes sir. Pretty clear, awesome. Yeah. That's Rush's boyfriend. Here's South Miami, hello. South Miami. Yes sir. How are you, Daniel? Pretty good. I had one for your poll. I wanted to call earlier when I would have mattered. I'm so sick of Janet Bitt. Ben and Jala wanted to take them off the poll. But Jessica Lynch. Yeah, that would be good. I haven't been putting it on too much, but there's some TV movie coming up. Oh, and plus she's getting married too, which we have to keep hearing all the details about if she's doing a duty stellar now. Running the ads all the time for some of the, which I thought that her rescue was a may for TV movie. Right. So it's like a TV movie of the day. But now it's the life story and the rescue and her marriage and all the, all the lies than the fabrications they made up on all these things. I don't know why the right wingers are calling up a complaining. Everything's working out so well. Yeah. I mean, everything they predicted, the oils paying for the war, the people. Right. I mean, what have they got to be upset about everything? All we were able to bring in our troops, candy and smiling and shaking their hands and about down the crazy. Why don't they pay for that? You when they're having such wonderful success and I rack and everything they said turned out to be true. Right. Why should anybody be mad at you over that? Exactly. Okay. So that's how I'd buy six, seven, oh five, 60 pound, five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon world was flying. How many times did he say that? But turn man. Here's a call from Pompano. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Can I speak to the game with for a point? Yeah. Yeah. Go clean out about 45 pounds of flamm, okay, pal? When it's out, spit it out. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I'm originally from Boston. Move to Miami. I've been listening to you ever since. Just to tell you. I apologize to you from leaving a bastion of intellectualism and to a sewer of middle of the K. I agree. I didn't realize how bad it was till the other day. I went to a K. Mark with my wife and it was the day after the world series and the K. Mark in the K. Mark had signs. We will not accept returns on Mile and baseball hats and Mile and shirts. So people were actually trying to return this stuff because the fever was over already. Well, maybe they should have had a place they just could have rented it for a day or two. I had to just didn't realize the world is secondary to the city I lived in until that moment. Absolutely. Thank you. Okay, pal. See you all, Mark. I'm not there must be like some little mom and pop stories where they sell stuff, right? Kind of stuff. Not anymore. I mean, any stuff in that anymore. They're all out of business. Pretty smart and Walmart put them all up business. Kmart put them out first and Walmart put Kmart on the business. Target's still good. Is it? Yeah. I like it a lot. Never been there. Speaking of the public in ripped off. Misty. Who's what? Where's Misty? Misty is somewhere in Brown. I get no. She's in Brown. She's just after being bombarded by frequent telemarketing calls. We registered for the National do not call us and I know exactly which he was going to say because the report I get from my house houses were starting to get calls again. We are still receiving calls and the one that called last night was nice enough to let us know that all that we registered nationally were not registered on a floor to do not call us. I didn't even know there was a floored in our call. Is there? No. Nistime. I never heard that. So that's probably just a lie. By the way, the FCC wants to go after AT&T and find them for a fight. I don't know if they do not call which I hope they do. Find them 80 billion dollars. That's fine. Right. How do we register she says? What channels do we go through or to do so? I think 466 and 7 maybe 10. How do we get rid of these assholes calling my house at 10 pm? I think the answer is please advise us poor Misty. Well, I don't know what to tell you, Misty because of reports I'm getting. And of course there'd be some people in the audience. Well, you know, if you wouldn't spend so much time to run or if you were down here, you'd really have more information about the floored in the call. And about the all this telephone to these one or one calls. And see one of the reasons I don't want to be there is, you know, what it is. That too many of these calls. Bell South has a feature you can pay for. Yeah, called unknown collar blocking. Oh, I know that that sucks. That sucks because then if you're getting along distance call from somebody that you know, oh, please I've been through that, okay. I've called a friend down there and we got at the house. Same thing. Oh, well, we don't accept calls from unregulizable numbers and you'll have to like leave a 50-year word message and you know, a bull crap. All of a sudden horse ball stuff. That's not the way to go. The way to go is to get them to obey the law and start finding the crap out of them and cut the crap. And the next time you get these calls, you should immediately the first thing you ask is give me the name of the company you work for. And where you're calling from in your phone number. And then then we'll see what's going to happen. And if they don't want to do it, give them the dial tone immediately. Cuss them out. When it dialed, cuss them out. And if you can get the name of the company, then just to report them. And get them that. What how much is it? A lot of those part of the total choice. $10,000 fine, something like that. Eat eight for each offense. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T and rise on wireless line. As soft Lord has whipped up into a frenzy with the death and carnage over the insanity over the fact that the CBS I is shedding tears because they have formed off the Reagan miniseries to show time that they know nobody's going to see it. They came into the right wing and our audience is going, and you wonder why it's so it's like it's like it's like it's like burglarizing an empty house. Yeah. Do you know what I mean? Nobody's home. It's just easy pickens. And that's why the Republicans came along and he stole the damn election because everybody else in the country is sitting back. You're sloughing. They're all asleep. They all got their finger up each other's ass. And kind of enjoying it too because George told me to do it. I think it's a finger. Tell all of them. It felt like a finger. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah. Listen. I got a question. No. No chance. Here's a call from Papino. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. For myself. I'm just sicker sports. You know, I know it's on your list. But I just want to tell Reynorad. I can't stand it. But one thing has to do something regarding next year. You know, I'm really afraid that I don't think there's going to be a presidential election next year. I think once this administration realizes that they may not win, they're going to find some way to keep the presidential. Well, I had these new electronic voting machines that are very easy to fix. So I mean, we had zero stories about that. It's interesting. I read on my point. I'm not going to do it. I'm going to do it. I don't know. Well, we had a story on the website. I do it about die bold that they contribute to GW's reelection care. Right. And there's there was to make the machines in a bunch of college students have broke the code and they put all the stuff on the internet to show how easy it was to break through. And now they're suing then they're going after them. And the universities because of the fact they're claiming the using. Confidential information and privilege information all this other crap. I mean, if that's not a. If that doesn't show, it's a period of impropriety. Yeah. Like the fixes already. It's incredible. And in the prohibition. I could say a lot of people, it's like, you know, their ostriches. They got their heads buried. But the not just a lot of people, but the media are leading the way. The media are accomplices. They're coconut spiritors. They're a bunch of lunatics. And they don't have the balls. They've been totally intimidated and put in their place. And as a result, the only 99% of what the public gets is the crap from the media, which is all propaganda. You don't. You mentioned a while back about watching the, you know, the BBC or the BBC news. And that's all I watch now. I cannot watch anything. The table network news. I refuse to watch it. I don't read local newspapers. I read, you know, publications from around. Even just even, I do watch the BBC, but even watching like the local TV here in Toronto. And when it come up with a new sketch, they don't just give it the powdery flowery, a flag wave, and stuff, because obviously can't It didn't participate in any of this. When Bush came out and made that comment last week when they asked him if that press got rid that, meaning it to White House about all of the bodies that were being, all the people being killed in his camera was well, it goes to show you that we were doing a right thing because now they're really desperate. They're desperate. So they must really be desperate now with all the people that they're killing. And then the report on a Canadian TV on CTV news was this is like 1984 and George Robo, over again, good as bad and bad as good. I mean, I remember well. I was exactly correct. You never heard that on the American TV. So it's not like 90% of its propaganda. Tim Robo, this was saying how, you know, if Congress decides we're going to go to war, then their children and their families should lead the charge. And then we'll see how quickly it'll be willing to vote for you. Hold your breath. There you go. Have a great day, Paul. You're here in there. See you at the border. Yeah, when we start the next down, I'm going to read the couple of pages again for Michael Moore book, Doew, where's my contact as part of the part about the media. And about the propaganda that the American people keep getting the Fed, which is why, most people don't have any idea what's really happening there. And while we had so many people who, of course, you got a lot of stupid people to begin with, but when you give the masses a lot of misinformation and disinformation, what they'll always suppose to know. And when you got like, when you lost 3 million jobs since you were a stole the election three years ago, you got a lot of people out there scrambling just to survive. Who don't have time to be sitting in a sitting spending hours and hours scouring the internet, trying to find out what else really going on in the world. They're looking for the truth. 1256 at 560 WM has the best deal with violence for like, do we have any idea? No, we don't. Oh, well, anyway, summers over, no more barbecues, no more vacations, a kids are back in school and out time for you to get serious. Get healthy again with violence for life. Everybody in their brother is pedaling. You know, I noticed Dr. Phil yesterday because before the before some show that I watched Dr. Phil Azan maybe guiding light. And he's fat. Yeah. He's fat. Well, who the hell is Dr. Phil to be right in a damn diet book and tell me and give another people lectures and all the stuff that crap when he's a fat slob. But everybody in their brother is trying to, you know, exploit the fact that we're fat. Well, balance for life can give you good results you're looking for because there's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, just great results, no calorie counting, no carb counting, no big fact guy and TV to scream at you. All you do is you pick up your little black sack right at your door. You don't even have to leave your home or office. They delivered right here door every morning by 6 a.m. And inside the sack are three delicious gourmet meals made with the best freshness ingredients and two delicious snacks and a food to keep you full and satisfied all day long. Big hearty portions, everything is the best ingredients nothing pre-fad, nothing frozen, no chemicals, no additives, no crap. So why not get with the real way, lost for lost programming, give yourself in shape. And if you're on a verge of diabetes, take it from me. It's no fun avoided. Lose that way right now. In fact, balance for life is the only company lets you choose between two choices. For each meal every day it's around the program. It's only choice you have to make. You fill out your menu once a week and that's it. Balance for life. You can start seeing results on that scale within just a matter of a day's. Agurity by the end of the first day on a program you look a hundred times better than the beast. Call balance for life today 9.5.4. 5.6.8.32.29. 9.5.4.5.6.8.32.29. Or visit them on the web at balanceforlife.com. 9.5. And low. This is 4.3.05.6. 2.5. 2.5. 2.5. 2.5. On the spot on all since feels need has won the touch. And I no longer have to look for motion square. Instead we listen to a new largest parent and balance went to two hours. No song was hiding a lot more than guns. They say their weapons are mass destruction. I should resilient... A cup of made a toss dornWith rice. In the core, letting a hot forward. I think it's time to give it's pun-aho. So at some point no those people who areDIungart Are you sure? Till there's nothing left to see, I'm here up. Till sad I'm 60 feet deep, I'm here up. Blow up the creed, I'm here up. And there's faith, got some jobs, and chemicals that carry the blood flow in the bones. If we land the prayer, we're not a dewear, because some of those scouts won't be theirs. I'm here up. And pray to an end, I'm here up. Oh, creed, like. Blow up again, I'm here up. Blow up the creed, I'm here up. Blow up. Okay, the Pentagon is saying four people injured at that blast, the thing that means on Bob, he's all like the red zone. Blow up the creed, I'm here up. So we're the answer for Missy, who sent us that desperate facts about those online wanted phone calls, the Florida thanks to whoever sent us in, by the way. The Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services maintains the state of Florida does, do not call list. Florida residents who don't wish to receive sales calls may have their residential mobile or page and device phone number included on his list by paying an initial fee of 10 bucks for each residential phone number. A five-dollar renewal fee for each residential phone numbers required for each year or thereafter, a small price to pay. The fees are used to pay the expenses for operating the program and enforcing the law. Residents who wish to join a program should call 1-800-HELP-FLA. 1-800-435-735-2-HELP-LINE, receive an application or download the application and print and send it with your payment. If you're on the list and get a call anyone who's on the list and receives a call that doesn't meet the exemptions outlined above, let's see where are the exemptions. Solicitor has may still call and respond to the request of the prison being called to enforce a contractor collected debt or to sell newspaper subscriptions. Solicitor may also call any person with whom they solicitor has an existing. See, this is the problem with whom the solicitor has an existing or previous business relationship. This is the problem. So if you have like a city bank card and American Express card, a master card with a certain a certain bank, a visa, whatever it is, a serious charge card, a bird-eye, a a partridge and a peritree, a target, a Walmart, whatever. Then they're exempted. So what's the deal? Well, look, look at this. It do. Get them some money. Get to stay to Florida some money. So I'm outstick that away, but it's not my bag. I don't want any unwanted calls. I don't want any more than I want somebody knocking on my door and we are in a morning or anybody else does. This is the kind of crap that's going on in America. Anyway, Michael Moore writes in Dood Words My Country. If you're going to sell a mess of woppers, you need to go to advertising campaign. Corporations paid big money for that kind of marketing. But the Bush administration didn't have to spend a dime when they supposedly liberal media join forces with a White House field office at Fox News to create a well-world pro-war propaganda offensive that was almost impossible to avoid. And it worked. Even vegetarians were gobbling down these woppers accompanied by round-the-clock patriotic march-to-war music and flag inspired graphics on the survey excuses for news channels. The images were relentless. Terrible farewells from proud families as brave soldiers headed overseas. Heroic American girls rescued by daring American guys. Smart bombs doing their brilliantly destructive work. Greatfully Iraqis toppling the Sodom statue. A united America standing by our Resolute End determined leader. Then there was the footage being directly to us from the Harsh Iraqi desert where reporters embedded with the ground troops were given greatly way to report without interference from the Pentagon as we are supposed to believe. Lots of up-close and personal stories about the hardships and dangers faced by our military and virtually nothing examining why we had sent these fine young people in the armsway in the first place. And there was even less said about what was happening to the people of Iraq. So unless you ignored US news entirely and only watched the BBC or CBC or Les Journal from France with its convenient English subtitles for an American audience too lazy and too poorly educated learn another language, you could pretty quickly find yourself believing that all the sacrifice was for a valid cause. And just exactly what was the reason for the war with Iraq? We were so thoroughly vaporized that Poles showed that half of all Americans wrong we thought that Iraqis were on the September 11 planes and at one point nearly half believed that the US had filed weapons and mass destruction in Iraq when no such discovery had been made. One quarter of those surveyed thought that Sodom had unleashed a chemical or biological attack against coalition forces, which also hadn't happened. The widespread misconceptions were understandable. It was almost impossible to hear the perspective of anyone who questioned to oppose the Bush administration's rationale for rushing to war on American television. The media watched the whole group fear. Study the evening in newscast of 60 VIA US TV networks and news channels for three weeks starting on March 20, 2003, the day after the US bombing of Iraq began. The study examined the affiliations and views of more than 1600 sources who appeared on camera and stories about Iraq. The results were hardly a surprise. Viewers were 25 times more likely to see a pro war US source than someone with an antiwar pro-op point of view. Military sources were featured twice as frequently as civilians. Only 4% of sources appearing during the three weeks were affiliated with universities think tanks or non-governmental organizations. Of a total of 840 US sources who were currently former government of military officials only four were identified as opposing the war. That's out of 840. The few appearances by people with antiwar view points were consistently limited to one sentence soundbites, usually from unidentified participants on the street interviews. Not a single one of the six telecast that he conducted a sit down interview with anyone who opposed the war. In some cases journalists freely confessed with startling lack of objectivity. The first that he quoted CBS News anchor Dan Rather during an appearance with Larry King on CNN. Look, I'm an American. I never tried to kid anybody that I'm some internationalist or something. And when my country is at war, I want my country to win whatever the definition of win may be. Now I can't end the argument that is coverage without a prejudice about that. I'm prejudiced, you said. What an asshole. During the three-week study period, fair found only one antiwar soundbite on Rather CBS evening news. It was made by me, meaning Michael Moore at the Academy Awards, talking about the Fictitious War, Wage Bar Fictitious President. Over at Fox News, Neil Cavoodle had this to say, on air and response to a critic, there's nothing wrong with taking signs here. You see no difference between a government that oppresses people of one that does not, but I do. MSNBC defends demonstrated its patriotism with the merc as bravest of billboard of photographs of military personnel fighting the war, sent for display by the French and families. And Brian Williams of MSNBC and NBC said this about the killing of Iraqi civilians, civilians used to be intentional military targets, the firebomings of Dresden and Tokyo and WWII were meant to kill civilians, and then terrorize survivors, here we've seen the opposite happen. The Army recently signed a $470 million contract with Microsoft, which is co-owner of MSNBC along with NBC, NBC is internaled by General Electric, one of the nation's largest defense contractors, GE's military aircraft engine contracts run in the billions. But the first that he found the NBC actually featured more descending viewpoints about the war, a whopping 1% more than any of the other US networks, and on a coast. Michael Moore, dude, words my country ought to be reading it. He won't. How many people in the Saudi and Shukhtin going to wear a haver-ed that book are going to read it? BAP GOOD MAN! Cops, say you better read it to us. Oh yeah. Yeah, if you want to drive our way down to about a point tree share, that ought to do it. Like I said before, you can't force feed the public man, you can't give them what they don't want, what they don't care about. Here's the story about CBS. Under a heat from conservative groups that called the four-hour film on fair and inaccurate, CBS says it found it didn't present a balanced portrait after all. Yeah. We decided to do it without any easy-to-do. Let's shift it off to Shukhtin. That's that we're cowardly, we're anything like that. That we're caving in really like that. No. You know what it reminds me of reminds me of that thing that remember Michael Wallace nearly got for that thing he did about the tobacco companies, right, which was a good movie. Was it a great movie with the Al Pacino for Dustin Hoffman? Russell Crowe. No. Was Al Pacino win it? I don't know. I think. I think so. Somebody will know. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. We got no games today, Panthers play LA in the arena tomorrow night, so we got the Mad Dog at two the Humperate 4. The Big, at 7. Any can you hear? Joe and Mark, what? The insider. That was the name of the movie, the insider. Right. Well, I'm sure that Scott will look it up, but I'll do it through the break. Okay. I think Al Pacino was in that. Maybe it was Dustin Hoffman. Maybe it was Russell Crowe. He was a bit... He was a bit... I'm about the outsiders. Well, but it's after one. I'm just I'm limb from all of this because it's just amazing. How many times have I said this? Thousands and thousands of times, over the years, that I'm just never amazed. There are never ceases to amaze me the degree of indifference. Especially our crowdmen. They don't care. They just don't give a flying F. We could have like thousands and thousands of bodies. It could start to be the Vietnam to all over again. And if anybody wondered, oh, well, we're never, you know, you've never repeat history. We'll never again. All these other cliches, but the only problem is we keep making the same mistakes and do the same things over and over again. We never learn. Never, ever. And a public out there's what we're going to do about the dolphins, man. The seasons on a way down the toilet. I thought those people were still celebrating a Marlon victory in the world series. They're the ones who are taking their camps back for refund. They imagine... Is that amazing or what? Is that unbelievable? We want our refund. We just thought it is like a prop for the Parades, man. We don't want to really keep this thing. We wouldn't know, man. Imagine the Samadhan Zero closing costs zero application fee zero credit zero fee zero discounted points. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group. Now with the interest rate of just amazingly low 1.95%. That means if you have a $200,000 loan as an example, your payments are only 738 bucks a month. Once you'll be fine, answer, get your new home mortgage from financial group. You'll never ever play a play closing cost again. So, call them. Call 1-89 for a lend. For all the details there's no obligation. It's a whole great new way to buy zero underwriting fee zero dot fee zero pre payment penalty. Zero closing cost even when you moved to another property. And you'll never pay closing cost again. So get financing it just 1.95% by confidential group toll free. 1-89 for a L-E-N-D, the re-equal housing lender. Restrictions do a public loan. And you'll never pay closing cost again. So get financing it just 1.95% by confidential group toll free. Number one hit number one will be the same training. All right, are the reasons why you make a single loan and be full add and Play 5.19 APR. Don't lie, all the hard burn Don't go, don't ever breathe Time I see, don't go, don't go, don't go That free time, that damn witch Don't go, don't fall, time to be He's president, come, sh** Revolucate muscle is, and in our dignity I don't know why Play a word, one just y'all have a nice, he's here First room to back before years With president, the sh** Don't go, don't go, don't go Oh, what I get to, not once more And get to, we're all voted for Oh, what, if you want this Don't go, don't let this drumming, stupid heat Don't go, don't go, don't go And this drug, it rich kid Don't go, don't be stupid Don't worry, then we Peace, president, come, sh** Yeah, don't care what it took You got on the end by her girl She's a Christian, right No one does, you and I But have no fear Please, gotta pray for me With president, dumb sh** Revolucate muscle is, and in our dignity Rage, dumb sh** What 18-560, and they got that fed jury Not Man Under an MSNBC I'll say that the CBS decision to Schmidt Can't a Reagan thing and farm it out Is all about money Okay And about the FCC decision about the licensing of Station of the whole deal there, you know Which by the way, you know, is how quietly that disappeared The overturning of the FCC decision Forget about it and can happen CBS dumps Reagan many series and what this is from news day And what could rank is the biggest TV program Cancelation, new to political pressure since William Paley, s**t the smuthers brothers Comedy are in 1969 CBS has dumped its mid-no-vambra sweep series The Reagan's This decision is based solely on our reaction to seeing the final Phil, not the controversy that erupted around Adraft of the script CBS and the same A release to short time ago Although the many series features impressive production And acting performances and although they produce His sources diversified each scene in a script We believe it does not present a balanced portrayal of the Reagan For CBS news audience Subsequent edits that we considered did not address those concerns The decision to cancel was made last night after top TV The S executive said gathered in New York for the network 75th anniversary special on Sunday Although CBS chief Leslie Moonbez had reportedly been Mulling a cancellation ever since an article in New York Times The first two is who revealed that some of the dialogue had been fabricated A formal network announcement is expected later today Which is what we already just had that The expected move has already stunned the entire TV industry In particular the so-called long-form portion of TV Which makes TV movies and has been deep and deep Procession for years But movies like the Reagan's based on real-life subjects Have been consistently successful at controversial A CBS mini series based on Hitler which aired in May Had also been attacked by numerous groups The timing the script had humanized the dictator CBS quickly re-edited the movie and the emphasis on a youthful Hitler hit the cutting room floor But the Reagan biopic was apparently a mungeradical surgery Among lines that were expected to be exiled by CBS sensors Before air was one about Reagan declaring that people with aids And effectured die for their sins The line became a lightning rod for critics of the film Including numerous pro-reg in groups Reagan's son Michael a right wing tacos The Pyro-Gone ABC's Good Morning America this morning Said he had recently seen an even a clip of the movie adding It's a falling to see my dad in a way I'd never seen him Reagan ended that he had chonored clip to his mother and told her that the producers don't like to add But they hate you He also said my dad would be upset to put words in his mouth We're talking about a man who is the president of the US who ended the cold war and to put words in his mouth Another thing you should know about it. My father is his godliness Then to have him say Nancy goddamn it shut up He never used god's name in vain It's just an absurdity Can you believe he said that god damn it? No way Jose Not Ronnie Reagan The four-hour mini was to a big uneering November 16 It was the keystone of the number centering of ever sweep strategy To move not only demolishes that strategy but could force the network to give back millions of dollars to advertisers What already bought time in the mini which is expected what was expected draw high ratings However CBS also faced the threat of advertising boycott So is the controversy grew at suddenly unexpectedly found itself in a lose lose situation How do you like that? I don't Where are we? How political are we? How profit hungry are we? I think it's going to be a very very bad effect on the morale of people who work and sell stuff to CBS Not the news division but the company itself And then it's a lesson a cautionary tale for all of us in the broadcasting business That the era of these so-on are pioneers are gone There is no more Leonard Goldenson at ABC There is no more Bob Sarnoff owning essentially NBC There is no more Bill Paley at CBS And it's a very different corporate slash political world now ten seconds before let you go If there weren't the big campaign a lot of comments on talk radio about this If talk radio weren't geared up as much as it is now to go against and take on a project like this Would this have happened? Who knows but you can't just omit that the fuck radio business other animal called cable TV news Which is also picked up the cougar right and gone with it for several weeks now six or eight hours a day on it Meaning Fox many Fox the Fox fascist Nazi news network is what he's talking about 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line here's Wellington hello Hey buddy, how you doing? Okay pal. It's incredible the white washing and the full crap and people just stuck it up Yeah They just take it for granted like oh okay it's supposed to be this way I got this in franchise I can't vote today Why is that? Well I moved out of the county and I said I might think work to have all my address changed I got my drivers license changed and all that other crap but I just went out of the courthouse of your bomb And I'm just in franchise thanks a lot miss a elephant You can't go this one Mary and you idiot More on I can't vote but of course I have a new form I can re-register not you know that it makes any difference for today No, it'll be a loss to the mail anyway But thank goodness it wasn't a presidential election today because they already stole the last one right How many more? How many more? You ain't seen nothing yet paly just wait Well that hurtly are called collar kind of spook me a little bit and I've been worrying about this myself for several months That when that this dog don't use the word don't use the word spook in Mary Maleficent the same couple of paragraphs there We'll start with an account of who arrived I do Yeah, okay, yeah, I'll show that I'll be just a franchise from up here That is correct Bill, Bill, this white me up What's going to happen in the next election? Are we really going to have an election? I'm going to have more than one party And also what you were saying about CBS and all about money America is a business It's got to be some dirty dirty dealing So these people don't want the truth to come out about a runny Right, that's right They don't want anybody else to know I mean we're going to be in there wouldn't be awfully embarrassing for America and for the right wingers for the entire world I realized that this man was had Alzheimer's early into his second team of prison country A man who had his finger on a button that could have blown a whole goddamn world up And he didn't know whether was on the button or up his ass And so why should we surprise that he forgot all about that around country and I'll enorth it all that stuff Oh, he was just a victim of your imagination He got that Right, okay paly hanging there. I'll see you at the border Right on We'll send a limo to pick you up 567 everybody's coming to Niagara Falls We'll send a bunch of limo's and buses over there to pick you up And you can live in a civilized place 560 505 60 pound 560 on the AT&T in prison Wireless line We're going to have been in jail 185 all the above 137 Elizabeth smart 25 So in other words Ben and J. Lo is so far demolishing Oh, another one we should put on here Even though you it's embarrassing to put it on there, but it'll get votes Yeah These are the least interest of in the war in Iraq No, no, I thought that actually Yeah, oh no, it'll get votes The war in Iraq because we have a lot of ostriches Uh, there we have a lot of people think if they bury their heads in the sand It'll just go away and after all these are these people are dying over there And not their friends or relatives or sons or brothers or daughters It's uh, it ain't them. Only if you bury your head in Iraq he's hand Right there you go And maybe while you're at it you can look around for some more oil This is Jim Joecr やرو Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, 160 dweckerm Apparently have no reason to того right He's living until the end. Well, indeed There're six of thinkin' well Tell me any story a little bit of a say about Howard Dean and Dennis Cassinuich other than these that a bad haircut any can't win. Jewish leaders wage campaign against Jews for Jesus in Palm Beach County. Alarm that a plumbal attended these good old religions band they just all love each other don't they? Sure Jews for Jesus my ass. Alarm that a plant campaign targeting their followers Jewish leaders in Palm Beach County are waging their own campaign to warn their people away from Jews for Jesus. Look out for them. They want you and they lie. Rally seminars and the thank god the other religions don't lie. Thank god. Oh god. Rally seminars and big newspaper ads will attempt to blunt the Christian organizations effective this before its plant County wide blitz blitz or blitz blitz. Blitz next month. If they were going out pre blitz as many can convert everybody. But no blitz blitz especially to blueberry ones. Jewish for Jesus typically draws iron for its claim that one can be Jewish and believe in Jesus at the same time. Right. Their offensive and make Jewish people uncomfortable said Rabbi Joel Levine of West Palm Beach Chamber of the Messianic Task Force. Part of the Jewish Messianic Task Force. That's right. Part of the Jewish Federation of Palm Beach County and they exclude others from heaven if you disagree with them. For their part Jews for Jesus insist they're simply taking the issue of Jesus to the public and he accused Jewish groups of intolerance. Right. I find it a shame that some people want to squelter minority voice. It's stand Meyer. Jews for Jesus self-loat a director who lives in North Lauderdale. Hey, stand. Cox a hoist. They can disagree with us but they should teach respect for those with different opinions. He says. The Palm Beach County blitz is part of a worldwide plan aimed to hit 65 areas that are home to 25,000 more Jews by 2006 dubbed the Hold Year God. The campaigns have been conducted number cities around the world including Los Angeles and December London and Toronto this summer. I must have missed it. And Dallas last month. Broward and date counties are planned for 2004. So look out now. My, my, my, my, my called saturation campaigns. The blitz is bringing to the area three or four dozen evangelists wearing t-shirts and driving vans sporting the Jews for Jesus logo. They'll pass out Jews for Jesus tracks and about homemade locations. Stop. Burn the man. Also part of the operational be direct mail phone calls in the concert at F.A. and you. And that great. Yeah. To us for Jesus. Jesus. Right. Like that's like Hindus for Buddha. Right. They did the door Buddha. Actually, the hint is. Well, I saw like I said. That was a very bad example. Did they really? Yeah. What do they really absorb? They were the worshippers to Buddhism. So they said, Oh, Buddha is actually one of our many, many guys. Well, like I said, it's like Protestants for Krishna. Okay. Okay. Is that better? It's like Catholic for Abraham Solomon. Oh, speaking of that. How did I let the show go so far in because we got important stuff like sports? Well, now this is very important because with I'm I'm glad. Now I understand why they were taking their Marlon calves back. You see, we didn't understand the rationale. We were knocking him people. I think you're the minute apology. I apologize. I apologize. I apologize. Cats catch your e-vine red rigas. Puzzled. Puzzled. My, they're filed for free agency yesterday. Just nine days after putting the Florida Marlon's win the world serious. Puzzles became a free agent after the 2002 season when he didn't find a deal that was lucky. He agreed January 20th to a $10 million one-year contract with the Marlon's with the fish. He was voted MVP in the NL Championship series. While Rodriguez had long been represented by Jeff Mored. He switched agents this year. He'll have Scott Boris Negotiate his new deal. Oh, look out. To other Marlon's file for free agency Monday, I feel his Todd Hollandsworth and Gerald Williams. It wasn't clear as filed in all reason the total money before. So the Puzzled and a Fudge My Star. I think he's Puzzpackin. Is what it is. Don't look too good Scott does it. We don't see money. Moniz over. Is it? Sure is. Well, I didn't last too long. Was it about two weeks? If that. Now it wasn't even two weeks. It was one week. According to the crawlers. It was the day after. The parade was a week ago today. Well, no, some of those people who went to Kmart, they were sucking. They knew there was going to be no more Puzzled. And I said, I'm not keeping his damn cap. I want my money back. It was just for show. Florida students suspended for safer sex costume. This is in Kassimi. Oceola High School of Administrator, Statois students Halloween costume was more trick than tree. So they suspended her ass and the rest of her too. Vanessa Rio of 16 was told to go to her home Friday after wearing a t-shirt decorated with condoms. Vanessa says she decided on the costume after seeing safe sex commercial on TV. Maybe they were like 20 or 30 condoms on anything. Maybe she was just going to a party. Maybe the lot of my friends are sexually active. Rio told the Orlando Sentinel. I tell them if you're going to do it, be safe. Rio obitate condoms to a white shirt t-shirt and began passing them out to her classmates her first period teacher. That's with a hyphen. Her first period teacher alerted school administrators who center home with a three-day suspension for class disruption. They also said she had an insulin attitude. Bitch. Oceola High principal took peridiso later reduced the suspension to one day. This is not acceptable. He said this is something you don't do in a public school. Hand out condoms. I bet you the pope isn't too happy about it either. Rio b's mother Melissa supported her daughter's decision even help to get condoms for the costume. Sex could be deadly and people need to know that Melissa said, I just can't believe this is spender for doing something good. Trying to educate kids. Trying to like teach them hey, I don't have some of these just in case okay. Candy is Danny but her condoms is you know, I was the same girl. You know what it is? Sure. Don't get wet. Yeah, don't rub her unless you got a rubber. So there you go. Same old crap. Everybody's getting suspended. Everybody's getting they can't do this. You can't say that. The CBS can't show the Reagan miniseries. We can't say anything no more. We got the Patriot Act parts 1-200 and a public is going like that. I want to go out our audience van their least consistent. Right? They care. Over the years they've at least always been consistent. About the only time they got wet up is what it has to do with some good old ethnicate like alien. Then the phone was slugged and man there was special physical smoke coming from our phone bank. Oh, it's the water pipe. No seriously the phone's run fire. Sure. Because and we heard from people that will never hear from again ever including a lot of his sterical women on both sides, both sides of the fence. Outside mirror squeecy answers house and inside the fence and alien was at a back where oh is it playing? Take me home. Take me home. Is it playing? Oh you didn't say that alien what you said was. Oh don't take me. Remember that? That was beautiful. Sure. Here's a call from Papino. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. How are you doing today? Pretty good. All right. A couple weeks ago I was done on Miami and I was on my way out coming back up the Broward and I heard on the station that they were selling your merchandise. They're on my station so I stopped by bought my keychain, my TV and everything I could do every year. Thank you. But I don't want to say it this hard and I just I was real surprised and you didn't have that condolence of it on here. I know they stopped making you played on the air. You know I get this a lot so maybe you'll explain it to the audience. I you know all it wants. Well I mean explain what we just that that thing had to go away. It was it was not our option. We didn't have the option to put it on their head of the superior. They made it for an offer we couldn't refuse. Okay that's too damn bad because that's not. You think we have people like that one schmuck that called earlier who's just a chronic idiot from Carl Gables. We have people out there. You know what you're a hypocrite and all of the other I see I need to catch. If I was one of those people was independently wealthy. First of all I wouldn't be here anyway but secondly if I was I'd say hey if you don't like it a screw off I can't do that see because I don't own the place. Yeah I love that song I sing it while I'm at work man. I got you know I'm a claim. Everybody at work wants to get a copy of that for the well didn't they put the idling one on there? Uh yeah it says condy revisited and it's got right I guess folk of Brian has his hand on it. Yeah that's the one we can play. All right well I said I was just hoping it was going to be on or I was going to make the tape to rock. But you know there's been on or I was going to rock. Well just remember see just remember where you are look around and remember you're in the good old USA keep that in mind. All right Neil yeah we're good that you too George. Thanks Pally thanks for your help. Now he's got a good play but we just can't play it but can't play that one we can't play kiss in a good good morning because of the fact that we were you know management was officially intimidated every time somebody farts oh geez you know it's that and that's why there's no link to our website anymore on a QM website advice versa you know pay back is a bitch. Well have people at appearances with the disc in their hand and the money and the other one look at the back of the disc and then realize that neither one of those bits are on there and right and they're not going to be put it right down and done. And including by the way some people who would get to this so they could use those bits to strip all a crap all over it. No no what would do that? No they wouldn't do that would they you think? Uh oh what a shock. Not good honest a bit of the whole year then now Christians like those who are so much better than we are. You never lost. We are sports radio five six. Those calls for date this Ron has been calling everybody except my mother if she had that number she'd call out one two. For like days and days what business is it of you fascist as Fox News to be telling us what to be played on your mind or any other place even in New York for that matter? You also call up Howard Stern and tell him what to tell us say on a year and everybody else in I'mus everybody also on here in New York what the hell is it your business in addition to which all this business about balanced and fair like I said all fascism all day unbalanced unfair all spin. She's give me this impression defense economy if you like condolese or rice great I have the respect her she can be one of the most educated bitches on a face of the earth but the fact of the matter is look at all the articles I've read about her. The Chevron the Chevron Queen the big oil queen just like all the other people in this administration see I hate to break the news to your head there but this is still the west of a I realize that you and your ilk would like to eliminate all future elections and just have a right wing kingdom none of us want to live in it most of us don't want to live in that kind of country okay and every she she must be at the cycle of build a spin that or rally don't confuse me with the facts because every time I orders a lot of people down here upset about it well name me one oh my my my my my my my name me one but we have not name me one couldn't do it she's filibustering and then before you know she hears the dial tone I'm amazed I'll have to run that long to be honest with it she's give me a lecture I'm gonna do a lot of your round your show and people in New York are upset about it how to help the people in New York know about it we have people in New York listen out of god damn website if we ever had anybody complain about it no no not one not one you see I hate to break the news to you but it's still legal not to like condolese or the president or even John Ashcroff one you I guess I can do it G kardeş G kardeş Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. 32 was supposed to surrender to Gwyneth police last week, but hadn't turned himself in as of 7 o'clock last night. He was in Coniors area. Coniors, you know, who always is showing up in Coniors, Georgia? The Virgin Mary. Virgin Mary. Oh my God. You see how these things tie together? He's a man of the clon. Maybe he's just stopping by to visit the Virgin Mary on the side of that bank building. He was in the Coniors area last time we had contact with him police spokesman, Captain, a couple Dan Huggins said. They called him the preacher man. He's a smooth talker said Maddie Nolan 37, who says she married Owens in 1999 in Alabama. He could approach you with a bunch of bananas. You don't want. But after you talk to him, you'll have a bot those bananas. I guess you bought his banana. When I married him, I had five cars in the house, Nolan said when he got through with me, I was dead, bro, they broke. None for wearing flashy suits, Owens would woo women with religious talk to women, said, but once married to him, the women said they were taken for an unholy ride. That's what Linda Lovelay said too. And that's something like that. She was taken for an unholy ride. It's a limit to do with the whole. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. We got a few calls on there. They're called, I'll tell you one thing. We better, uh, Schmidt can't. I wanted two comedy bits are tomorrow because uh, what's somebody great calls coming in and so many important things go on on the world. We don't want to like miss out on him, you know what? Because one of the calls much has to have the key to like the future of mankind. Here's my me Lake, Solo. Yeah, I got the key. How are you Neil? Okay. I like to tell you why I think the barn is all looking for a new stadium. And it all has to do with the fact that you were Johnny, think this September, people you are in a playoff night. But the real reason is they're going to build this 40s coast tracks. And that's it done. They all know. I mean, they got the money in steady. So I went from downtown Miami all we have to downtown Palm Beach. So they wouldn't put that thing somewhere on the railroad tracks. Connected with metro rail. Then you got traffic real traffic. And that's why. Because during the week it's a hard to put in out there. Oh, that was great. I told you he's got the key. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm here. I'm here on a local council of Minnesota. Here's a call from North Miami. Hello. Yeah, I'm in to that fish headed to hall at. Hall asked bitch. Here's a call from a river here. Be a beach, hello. Yes, sir. It can get first time. Yeah, just want to talk a little bit about the one on a rack. And it's like the same problem we have is what we have before. Not enough troops. I mean, you had I think a general or a general was saying before the water we needed about 300,000. Maybe when in there with what? 1445,000. Now we're down to 130,000. Okay, now it's 730. And Runsfield is talking about, okay, once we get the Iraqi surface trist. And we'll back out with our slowly but surely. And now you have the guerilla tactics going on. We're back back and out already in a bunch of the coffins. Is how we're back now? Exactly. Now we have. And now we have these guerilla style tactics that they fear from the beginning. And now we can't do anything this topic. It does go on and on. And look what happens this two days ago. CH40 set a shot now. 15 dead and then you got these colors calling in and saying, oh, you know, some bond on this stuff. I mean, I know you have a lot of comedy on your show, but at the time in the place for everything. Yeah, no, no, sir. Let me say this to you. The mental defectives that you're referring to. It would make any difference so they were dropping nuclear weapons on Miramar. The people you're talking about was still be calling in do the same crap. That's all they know. They don't have the capacity for anything beyond that. That's that's why we're in pickle level. I'll tell you if I get a chance, maybe I'll just lose another state because this is crazy. I just have idiot. That's all I have to see. You have a good. Okay, Paul. Good luck to us. Thank you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. We want some more intellectual calls before two o'clock rules around in the mad dog comes in. What? Well, when you laugh at all, you're laughing about man. For myself a joke. We want a lot of intellectual calls. Have you do a hit list? And this guy's made been the best call we had all day. This last girl. At least a lot of many one. No question about that. How many good calls we have before? We're taking about 200. We've had about four days. They made any sense. And most of them were like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. But I do like that. He's supposed to railroad me to hop on it. He looks like a guy. She's ever been blind. She makes me want to first try. Come on. I'm using the self-remoting ugly page How much were you pay? How much were you paid? Four monocys jays Four monocys jays I would check see the landscape I'd plus 10 million in the church of Banski I wish you all would read the love I'll just find you and say what you have to do I can't wait to hear this Leave me about the positive Just Rudy you think you're a cool lady You've had enough just like least mentally pay You're really that drudged on a dress You know Yeah The crypts are closed But she's got about 600 grand ones We had a few days ago Which of these are you least interested in? Bannon J. Lo two o'o wait Nobody cares about them Go away already All of the above 157 Now it's interesting all of the above they voted and then we added Haha Kobe Bryant rape case About 30 Marlon's new stadium 29 Elizabeth smart 29 Scott and Lacey Peters in 19 They like it WTO meeting in Miami 12 sports 10 Terry Shivot 2 And the Warner Rack so far Nobody's had the balls to put anything on there About that because we'll trace the But what? We'll track him down and we'll come and get him Mad dogs coming up next Bye bye bye Who's gonna get a break of your blow? I would do that