The way to get a break is a hope. His grandmower, Grandmolog is getting way too old. Is there constant nagging for attention getting to be a major and convenient thing? Someone will wipe me over here. If you answered yes to any of these questions, Netherlands.com's health and hospitality division has the answer. Netherlands, Youth and Asia's services. Over the centuries, millions of people have discovered deaf to be the preferred alternative to life. Our staff is put together crack medical professionals in Holland where youth and Asia is legal, who will ensure your comfort as they use an ice-yure or your loved one. You will be flown first class to Amsterdam, where you'll be treated to the most lavish, going away party ever imagined. At one of Amsterdam's luxurious or star hotels, two full days and nights of food, drink and marimen, followed by professional and comfortable youth and Asia. After which, your remains will be sent back to your loved ones, or taken care of locally with Netherlands, highest-quality body disposal available. So if you're suffering from an incurable disease, or you may just be playing board with living. Long on to Netherlands, Youth and Asia's services, and get the party started. Read idea 915-60WQAM happy Thursday, to you. Our good close personal friend and bureau beach, RC Bruce. Whoever hello, it is. He has a little problem with spaxing techniques, you man. They're right, eventually. Yeah, it looks like he, like, maybe even wiped his ass with the top of that, those four pages. But there ain't nothing on it. I just thought I'd mention that to you, RC, given another shock, because I'm sure it's something very important. Okay. Free plug time. What do you mean it looks like that? What time for a very plug? George, our good friend, Joe Curtis came by my house yesterday. From FSI, Filter's Service International, they're up in Voka, they service Palm Beach, Jordan Dade, put a filter in my thing, check my AC unit, he checked my unit. That's a lot to show you the best FSI, Filter's Service International link. Also, we want to talk about your good close personal friend, Steve. I think Steve and Page, it's time in George wants to see it as house. Don't you want to see him? Okay, sure. You really do? I don't mean to do anything for your bugs since you don't have it, Amy's not a gravity, right? But well, why would you want to see him? We love your Steve, but you're strange. Okay, let's just find a way to make sure. Let's do all the pies and little strange. Is that what does it? A lot's my theory. You found him, you also found our other Fil the Bug Man. What ever happened to Fil the Bug Man? No, no, no, we'll see him no more. How do you know that? I don't know. Anyway, we asked yesterday on our pool, and thanks by the way for all the freeping on there. Man, we made a fortune yesterday. Keep it up. I have to laugh. All these talking heads. Oh, I'll see you then. Did this poll and MSNBC did that? And if you go to some of these websites, for example, free republic dot com, you'll notice they have no life whatsoever. Their life is freeping. Voting on every pool on with a son to make sure that the right-wing view, their view, gets represented like 50, 100, 200 times what it really is. For example, our pool yesterday. There he is right now. Uh, make no direct illusion to the situation in Iraq. What's your take on more with Iraq? We asked yesterday. 1895 votes. 1895 votes. That's more votes in Georgetown all those polls. And I'll also have a lot of put together. In it. Twice. And double. 1895, which I'd say at least 30 or 40 were real. What's your take on more with Iraq? All four at less rule 583, 30.7%. Anybody believe that? No. They freaked every pool. I was ever invited. Check out that website. Free republic dot com and see their frantic notes back and forth, which had the yesterday. Oh, we got a free test one right now. Hurry up. And I've freeed it 11 times and I've freeed it four times. Ooh. I, seriously, I want to apologize to the golfers out there. I mean, I still think playing golf is ridiculous. And it's just for people having no life and kill a lot of time. People are bored. Oh, by the way, hi to my good friend Phil Salzman. I saw the hockey game last night. Nice game. By the way, Florida Panthers. Ah, zero Toronto Maple Leaf. Six. Oh. I loved it. Anyway, yeah, Phil Salzman was there last night. I don't want to say about the fact that he thought that an Alexander McGillney was Jason Willy. Well, he's got a little eyesight problem, Phil. So next time you're at Calderon, Phil says, and it's Seattle, slow in front and Of course, you know, Seattle, slow is dead or whatever. Phil's got a little problem seeing what's going on. But he's a great guy. And fat. Lewis and Wade Phil, okay, we want to keep you around. Anyway, what's you take out of over the rack? All four. Let's rule 584. 30.7%. I'm strongly against it. 456. 24%. Haven McGillney's justified. 146. 23.4%. Even after Roland Colombs on there, and there's kind of ease up. The laying tactic. Yeah. Haven McGillney. Haven McGillney's justified. 446. I supported, but I'm nervous about it. 248. Let's take care of North Korea. First, 120 and a specialist and say, got it. 6.7%. And don't know. 37. 1.9%. Just. No, no, no, no matter what. Is it Thursday? Don't know. Is it the cold out? Don't know. Is a leaking dead or a lot. Don't know. WQAM. Come, Bob. We're going to get him out of the way early. Not amazing. Why I said about people with no lives. He heard the call it. WQAM. I don't touch liberal. WQAM. Yes, sir. Good morning, sir. Good morning, again. Good morning. Good. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Yeah. Okay, just check it. But what does that mean? What does that mean? Do we have any idea what that means? No, that's me. I don't target anybody's suspendery people getting fired. As opposed to some other people who seem to spend a lot of other time trying to get a whole bunch of people fired. Watch your back, Zach. Or are you going to be working for a moan? No, I want to start singing to myself. So that's a result from yesterday's pool. Oh, look at this. They're out of this 90-10 hour man. They love it. The screen looks bad. Here's our pool for today. If we don't want to waste any time and then we're going to take some suggestions on what we might do tomorrow over the weekend. You think people really watch informers' wishes it just does? Mean Carlos. Because I got to be honest with you. I've got 45 satellite dishes. I've got, you know, all this other stuff. CDs, DVD, DVDs, and still a good part of the time there's nothing on to watch. But you show me, in fact, over the weekend, but they had all this Columbia disaster stuff going on. And I'm not... My gosh. Unbelievable. And so if you find a good informer, she'll hit his romp appeal with that thing again. What is that thing called? Or just re-other? I think it's a... No, no, there's an aim for it. Somebody will know. But you're right. The GLHD. What's that thing for now? Great looking hair. Great looking hair. Here in a can. Just braces. It's all done. Of course, don't sweat it all. And definitely don't take a shower and go out on the rain. Either one. Or else, thought. You can't paint your bald spot. Thanks to Ron Popeo. That had to be in the best part of the stick is that there were people out there buying it. That's the best thing. Oh, yeah, that's an idea. Ron, let me spray on some hair. Oh, you look beautiful. Huh? People will buy if it's on television. Right. People will buy anything. Any crap. And the sad part of it is that usually when it's on television, it's crap. He's a great huxter, though. You got a... I love Ron Popeo. I think he... I admire people like that. Him, Jerry Springer. They pedal crap. And they know there's an 8 million set of stuff. Ron Popeo. He said, no, those crappy spaghetti makers, which you got yours in the closet. Some are through mine out a long time ago. No, it's just going down. It broke the second time I tried to use. It's like my juice maker from the juicy man. You know, the juicy man is only dirty, but look at that. With the big bushy eyebrows, makes Andy really look like a piker. The juicy man. I don't know what my favorite part of that. Post a maker was the mess or the noise. Oh, no, I like the product. I came up with that. This thing kind of... Look, he's using the dope. Yeah, it was the dope. Hmm, in fact, don't you like fried dough? Showtime rotisserie. Oh, thank you so much. Showtime rotisserie. And we're going to start making it at least. The showtime rotisserie. Now that actually is, I've been product, I believe. I don't have one. And Carlos says, you got it. It's really good. You got one? He's got a friend. He's got a friend. He's got a friend. He's got a neighbor rotisserie, but he's got a friend. Who takes bats with him in the sink. No, he's got a showtime rotisserie as far as he says. It's an ambit thing. I don't know too many people by the way, who eat those little chickens that he's always sticking on there and ducks the cornish game hands. Or anish game hands. Oh, man. And then you take those plastic gloves that you get free with your showtime rotisserie. And then that little elastic tray that you put on top to keep all your vegetable steaming hot. I just get nervous. Which means I guess you don't want to be touching the top of your rotisserie oven because it must be about 600 degree. Exactly. He never rants in that. Love Ron Pope Hill. God, Ron, we wish we had your money and do it as little work as he does. I mean, you know, he makes those infermursals. And then probably takes him about two and a half hours to do it. And then about six months later, he makes another one. And the money just keeps pouring in. That's what we need. We want something where the money just comes in the mail. Some scam. Religion? No, I'm not. That's. Yeah. Good idea. The NH do know harm cost you 50 bucks to join and 10 bucks a month. That's pretty cheap. Get away real cheap. You won't go to heaven by guarantee. You won't go to hell. I'm guaranteeing you go to heaven or double your money back. Okay. That's not fair. Double your money back here until you better than Ron Pope Hill. I like the, what's the guy's name? What, what is his name? The orange, orange clean clean, you know what I'm talking about? I think it is. Billy Mays. Billy Mays. No relation to Willie Mays. A little bit lighter, complexed with a big beard. Billy, I'm Billy Mays. He's got, and they send you like just tons of this stuff. You're drowning in it. There's the purple stuff and the orange stuff. Huh? Good. Colleem is Molly. It must be really good stuff because if you spend 1995, not only you get your six cans of that, but I say you like 400 cans of the orange plus proof of stuff that you wipe your back to. That's what. If you want your ass smelling lemon, you fresh. This is the way to do it. Would you like to have your ass smelling like orange peel? It does. It does. It does. It does. It does. It does. It does. It's 11 after nine at five. See? Not letting him near it. It's 60. WQ. He does like to check it out. All that hardware. So we can be honest. I'm not talking about that Carl. Some talking about. Oh geez. Ah. Freaking Carlos. Is going to check out your ass? We decided we're not going to make the distinction. Hmm. Hey, ever presented with an opportunity when you should. Could it or did it want to do something? But didn't do it? Well, there's an incredible fainting man mortgage rate out there waiting for you right this moment at 3.45% and this rates available by calling financial group till free. 1-800-940-5363. If you would have compared a 7% rate with 3.45% you'd save yourself $3,500 in the first year loan for $300,000 that you owe. $100,000 costs only $147 a month. Here's an opportunity that won't last long. It's a 40 year loan. So if you're thinking about refinancing or buying your home call financial group toll free, 1-800-940-5363 the process is simple and the call is absolutely free. 1-800-940-L-END financial group has been an equal housing letter to thousands of borrowers with this fainting may program. Credit restrictions do apply rates are subject to change the way too long. 5.34 APR call financial group today, 1-800-940-L-END. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. 6.34 APR call financial group. 5.34 APR calls financial group. 5.34 APR call financial group. I don't like girls. No. Yeah. Yeah. They are the ones that turn me on and they. I hope they will live. If I chose them maybe. I might choose their lives. But it's true they make you couldn't escape. We're just fine. Here are other great Michael Jackson classics. White Billy's jeans. Do you know how to build time? And of course, you would give it all. And you have a Michael Jackson's tour. It's a bit of a bit that Cardo Cratchy's school. For a wayward boys. To get your tickets now boys under 10 if it is free. When a company buy no one. They're white. They're really tiny. They're black. They're white. They're really tiny. Oh. I've got to have a 10. I've got a 15. 160 WM. He's big man. I'll tell you though. CD sales are assuming up there, which is what this is all about. Because suckers like us keep given him a lot of free publicity. In fact, our poll today is about Michael Jackson because that things that ABC tonight. Isn't it on Barbara, while law is now with that state interviewers or not? No, it's not. I don't know. No, it's that British guy. But it's on request. It's not known. I've Richard. Quest. What tells the guys names? You're putting me on a spot. I got to hear somewhere. And one of my bedtime stories. Where's that thing? Oh, no. Don't tell me Carlos, to give me back my bedtime. I know you did, but I'm just all for time. Here it is. The guy's name is the British guy. His name is something. Martin Bashir. Oh, yeah. I think he's kind of Donald Bashir. But anyway, don't start with a hockey talk. Just because you're leafspeed the path is six. Nothing lasts night and powder the crap bottom. And Glenn Healey says that when teams start taking with their pocketbook and not with their brains, that's really bad for the organization and the flow to Panthers are desperate. That's where Glenn Healey says. I just died past that along with you. Here's our poll today. What's your take on Michael Jackson? How we did this before quite some time ago, but he wasn't as big in the news as he is right now. What time is that on tonight? On ABC's 2020, 8 PM Eastern Time, okay? 7 PM Central Time. And if you're on a middle of the line, and line a good luck to you. What's your take on Michael Jackson? He's the world's number one fruit cake. He's a sick pedophile. He's weird, but I love his music. He blows and so does his music. He's okay or George Rodriguez's gay. Yeah, you took my idea. No, I did. I took it around with it. From yesterday, you've already got two votes. Ha ha ha ha ha. That's the thing. I need to give Michael a run for his money. But look at it. And you're not giving a run for his money. Look at all the cash he's making from all the scandal. From being a twisted sick disgusting pedophile, who's like hanging his baby over the age. Somebody's baby. I take that back, not his baby. Somebody's baby. Over the age of a balcony. Ha ha. And Germany. Four votes for he's a sick pedophile. Two already. It's up there. Two for George Rodriguez's gay. One. He's the world's number one fruit cake. And one for he blows and so does his music. Blows. Also, we finally got the facts from our Greek close personal friend and viral. Was that Tim Horton, I saw in the ice last night. Bawau Peek cow cake, bring back rumour. It says, I'm ready. We're minded me a vermar even though the rest of this fact is kind of pointless. Uh, speak at a vermar. We want to correct one thing as we don't want to ruin his image. Because yesterday I mentioned the fact that he paid for that meal for his whole family of the pizza law because his name was in the computer. Come to find out he paid 50%. Because he's got that 50% discount that was already like grandfathered in. Which his name is in the computer. Oh, acceptable. It's right. So in other words, the idea that he paid full price. We don't want it like as it's forillus image, which I told him. And he's still wanted. So he paid 50% discount. He brought the whole family in a first of all. Stop and think about this. Okay. His kids are in because it's all star weekend. His son works in Toronto. He's done a work seven Columbus for Doug McLean. And they're in time for the weekend. Takes them out for dinner. Does he go like to burn this to me too. Ruth Chris? Does he go to like a fine fancy schmancy sit down. He goes to the pizza law. If we just find we love the pizza law. If we're a good but he goes there. Why? Why? I know why. Why would you say if it's free it's me. There you go. Expecting at his 20 cents. We just supposedly had him grandfathered in there for the free meals. Unbeleivable. If you really believe you're going to get that lunch. I don't. You are a demon. You are a demon, Mr. You never get no free lunch. I don't. Oh, you're in first place. By the way, George Rubber. Okay. My goose up. Might help our gauge end. Might not have to put our religious thing on here at 50 bucks a pop. No, you're right. We have to start some scam religion. Already. I'm working on it. Now you've been working on it for five years already. That's right. Not so many months. For years and years and years. And based on recent events here in the last year at this radio station. Go back to whatever that guy was talking about before about trying to get somebody fired. Just because they called me a Jew bitch. See what I'm saying? Let us have to go on here last year. A lot of stuff is gone down. Like the stock market. WCQAM. Yeah, let's speak to Neil. Speaking. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay. Wow, screenless. Nine o'clock, our man's screenless. Well, quick question. I'm actually questioning the problem. I have a very small penis. Yeah. And I play with it a lot. Uh-huh. I don't know. Any recommendations? What I do? What should I do with it? What you need to do with it? Yeah. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WCQAM. I'm the lead. He must have been one of those sports nerds. That guy. He probably sits around listening to the sports shows. Poila, squeeze in it. WCQAM? Hello? Yes, sir. I'm quite easy. Ha ha ha ha. Ha ha. This is the day for honesty of nothing else. You know, you must be one of those panther friends. All ten of them can't complain about the crowd we had there at the Macaroon Alas NYCQAM. There wasn't any. Papers says 13,000. I'm going to tell you something. You guys, this Alan Cohen and this organization. You guys have got something to do with my eyes. The place we have never seen. 13,000. That's counting all the people over at the Saga Razz. Counting everybody who was out of the park Boulevard. Counting everybody who was like on sunrise between, I-90, I-75 and I-95. 13,000. I-10,000. If there was 8,000 people in our last night that was a lot. That was a lot. And this-this keep in mind on the heels of all the big hoopla, the All-Star weekend and all that pre-publicine, both newspapers, which are now back to burying on page 12 and 15, etc. Because nobody here really cares anyway. It's just-it's like everything here. It's so fake. It's so freaking fake. It's arazat. It's make believe. But I didn't see Phil Solson. And my good close friend Howard Clymer, who wants the world to know that he doesn't work for the Harold anymore. Nice going Howard. Good guy. The climbers are great folks. He said he told the Harold the stick it. It's a shove it. Yeah, we had a great-the-timey for the game talking about the Harold and what a piece of crap it is. And we also discussed that the Jim DeFedee guy. Yeah. And the fact that he wrote a couple of real columns in the beginning, he used to work for new times. He's like, for them. Sure. And I worked at the Harold and he wrote a couple of really good columns. Oh my God. The Harold's got a really good columnist now. They got to him. They must have started reading his crap. Although they must have missed him one from yesterday where he wrote about how the Harold used to be such a great paper and out really blows. And people are getting paid. They're sitting around the can't make their car payments. I mean, it was just pathetic. It was tragic. It would be like us talking about what a crap place this is. And about how the Fae all the underpaid people. They were can't get their bonus money on time. And people making a 50 cents an hour like Carlos getting treated like garbage. And about how everybody's at each other's throats. And he's he's had a like poisoned in the back fighting and back stabbing. Well, we're not going to do that. That would be wrong. That would be that would be wrong. We'll be unacceptable. They're creating a bad image for this radio station. And we certainly don't want to do that. Even though of course it would be honest. Will be accurate. It would be impartial. And they would have to run ads for sales people. And then they'd have to go on here and run ads for sales people. Because they can't keep anybody working here. I mean, who would want to work here. Just ask God Schwartz. He'll tell you. He went run on here that one day screaming. Just like that kid. We had on before said he was crazy. That's what Scott Schwartz is. Babbling like a little child. Historical. Couldn't believe what was going on in this place. So we won't do that. No Jim Defeady. You idiot. So anyways, nice to see my close friend Howard Kleinberg. Congratulations Howard and get out of that place. Also he apologized for falling asleep on my show and I in Z many years ago as a guest. He finally admits to doing that. All the way said I was out taking a crap at the time. Look at these votes pouring in here. Man on Michael Jackson. Don't forget 8 o'clock tonight on ABC. But it is on 2020. We'll get to that article moment here. 70 votes. Your drug abuse is gay 24. Ha ha ha ha. Well, maybe they didn't get it on that pull. That was two days ago. Maybe they're a little late. They want to register their feelings about it right now. Still not going to go out with them. They want to vent. They want to get their claws with their bangie with their test tentacles. Bangley. George is gay 24. Well, he's a sick pedophile. And I see we got to clarify. We're talking about Michael Jackson again. Michael Jackson sick pedophile 18. He's the world's number one fruit cake 16. He blows and so does his music nine. He's weird, but I love his music three. And nobody so far said he's okay. Nobody said that. Because they do understand that the government now is tracing everything. The monitoring your internet the communications, the monitoring your phone or tracing your bowel movements and as a result, you just want to be very extra careful these days. Because anybody that says Michael Jackson is okay. Maybe hearing a little knock on the door about 233 o'clock in the morning and it won't be severe as far as either. Oh, and I was speaking to that. We got a big conctor. How's it about the Spanish language again? A KNOvel man. What an ovality. Yeah. What did you say? Okay. For her. 26 past nine at five sixty WCM on a great Thursday. Can feel up. The morning show this morning. They were talking about luscious pussy or something like that. Some basketball player. That's the guy's name. They're used to be a harness racing driver in New York. His name was Marcel P. W. S. E. Wiggers like this kid spells his name. Pussy. I'm telling you that's what the guy's name was. Okay. Marcel. He's trying to look like a sudden movements while you're saying that. That's what they were talking about this morning. Guilty and Mo. Lucius Luscious Suppussy was the guy's name. 27 past nine at five sixty WCM. Well, they finally figured away to get some people listening in there. You know, I kept my attention. Speaking to that, if you're not sleeping well at night, maybe your mattress is had it. Maybe just sleeping on a really lumpy and bumpy one and a mattress too. Call my good friends at telemactors. I've been using them for several years. I sleep like a baby when I get a chance when my dog isn't going out every five minutes. 1-800 mattress, 1-800-MATT-D-R-S is the number to call. These are the best in the world. And what a great way to shop. Just sit and right there on your ass. Don't have to leave your house. Don't have to spend a lot of time in gas and get ripped off. They carry silly, cert as Simmons can coil every size in style. You got that 30-day comfort exchange period with no hassles at all, which means you got out to a month of change it. And of course, if you'd sleep out of the first night one, we'll change it. No problem. They'll take care of it for you. Delivery on her dog. They deliver any tour when no seven days week when it's convenient for you when you want them to show up and they will. They'll be there. Price every day will prices that are unbeatable instead of some phony baloney sales when you get a bait and swish. No bait and swish would dial a mattress. You'd use that for the mattress. You want it in stock right now. Ready for a immediate delivery. So if you want to start sleeping great at night and feeling better every day, call the alamacris right now. 1-800-MACRIS-1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S don't forget to check them out on the web at macris.com. My and local Air Sports Radio 560-U-A-M. Fuck it idiot. This fall, CBS launches a CSI spin-off that resurrects the careers of a couple of former NYPD blue actors to form a hot new show that's almost unique under itself. Introducing NYPD CSI Blue Miami. David Coruso plays a forensic investigator who pokes around at bodies even more dead than his movie career. You know, you never get used to looking at dead bodies. Like when I had to look at Dennis Franz's fair but... NYPD CSI Blue Miami with Kim Delaney as his top but vulnerable partner in crime. Seeing investigation. Every time I look at his corpse, it reminds me of when I lost my NYPD blue husband, Jimmy Smith, Corka. You pull it together, honey. This is a new show. That's right. In a new town. On a new network with all new stars. Well, sort of. NYPD CSI Blue Miami. On the night, on CBS. I'm 32-56-U-W-U-M-Herserfax.Says. The Howard David Show has gotten so bad that you changed the name of it to the LeBron James Show. A couple of months ago, I've got so worked up about the kid getting a homer. Now he's got such a hard on for me. Can't stop talking about it again today. The top story. The LeBron James Show 69 WQA man says. You know something I hate to break the news. I don't even know who that is. Is he a basketball player? High school basketball player was going to go to college and they had his mommy bought him that thing. Which was a 50 or 70. He's what? Switch pro. Why are you telling me that? I don't want to. We don't want to do the LeBron James Show that's 69 a.m. I don't know who he is and I don't care who he is. Now care how much the guy damn homer caused and I don't give a crap about any of that stuff. Who cares about him? Whatever his name is. Lucius Poussay. How about those Leafs? Is this, uh, thanks? Little story in the paper today about O.J. Not another one. Even though you purchased a new AC filter, I didn't purchase anything. That's what this guy doesn't understand, okay? That's what this man doesn't understand. Our friend Mike from AbelHoman's. There's an ice plug there for your Mike AbelHoman's. Even though you've got a new AC filter, we're not to wait and stop a mold and spores flying around. You're still need mold testing. Who? You know what I do have outside of my patio? Mold? Yeah, good guess. Have you ever seen that? In Florida? Mold? Talk about the allergies. I'm your way to sneeze and weasel and fart right now from just thinking about it. Those little green moldy strips of crap. You know what I mean? And you take your broom and you get rid of them and you get out, you know, take them out and you shake it out and they groom too. Is there a warmer, more humid place in the nation than here? Oh, yeah, my apartment names to me. Oh, I see. And look at a middle of July. Is there a colder, more humid place warmer? Not going back to Amsterdam anytime soon. Right now. Okay, it's just, and I went to was. So what it was? Kind of. Kind of like Detroit. Detroit used to be great too. That what it was? Of course, that's a long time. Amsterdam is just turned into like a festering. I don't want to pee on anybody's breakers. Do cast elbows buddies are going over there. Tell Joe by the way that the Swiss hotels change its name. I don't know what it is. It's the Swiss hotel now I think. No, I'm serious. They were bought up on some of the chain, but he'll find out. Great, Western. No, it's not the great freaking Western. It's over there. He's laughing. No, that's not what it is. There's also a holiday in over there. How do you like that? There's a crumb class in there. It's like all kinds of crap. Tell him to find a youth hostel. Okay. There's a lot of hostile people over there. It's personally those rostoe drug dealers. Man. Oh, but anyway, it's okay. I get in a few months. I'll get it. Like Vegas. I'm burned out on Vegas. Who wants to go there. Oh, we had such a great time. Good. I'm happy for you. Lynn Samil. She's out there in Vegas right now. Hope you're winning some money. Lynn. I'm burned out on it. Do you understand what I'm saying? I understand. I mean, it's great. But the problem is too much sadness. You know what I mean? Each casino that they build is more beautiful and more unique than the other one. And after a while, you know, when you scrape away all the veneer of the, like the Paris, the Paris is just phenomenal. You go in and it's one of those places. It's indoors, but it's like supposed to be outdoors. You know, it's got the sky above you. And it's spectacular. But if you scrape that all the way, the fact is, there's still a bunch of tables and, and the slob machine. It's still the same thing. It just sucks the money out of your ass. Yeah. I know. They just have a big hose. And you just put all your, you hold your wallet up in there and it just sucks it. Like that. What could I find those? I'm an informational, from Montenau Peel. Oh, and what was that thing we're watching yesterday about that little vacuum? What we're watching at here? Oh, yeah, the room by the room by it's like a little automated vacuum. Looks like a bathroom scale. But it's a vacuum. And for three easy payments of 1,990. And it's a battery operated. And you just crank it up and let it go. And it like, uh, did the robot back. Yeah. There's a bad, Jesus the dog goes here and goes there. And then like if it's the furniture, like makes a little, it starts around. Right. It's like a little robot bank. Well, I'll tell you, we got some really interesting. Here's a long, long letter of editor from Irving. Am I mirroring? Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Wait until my time. Irving. Let's see. We didn't have pretty interesting facts here from Wallian Dirfield. Speaking of mold, by the way, I can tell the air in here. I'm, I'm, I'm telling you right now. The air in here. I'm, I'm serious breathing it. And now let's make it in the oil. Definitely a gigantic class action lawsuit. And I'm sure everybody in this building would be glad that they'll sign up. No, can't, can't you, uh, you can actually physically feel it. Here that? Oh, my god. I walked in this morning. I went like, I've seen it and it was nothing. And now, yeah, man. Yeah, you're right. Good, godly Miss Molly. It's like that green mold I was talking about on my patio. They're like strings of it all over the place. It was like a killer mold right now. Right. Have you been heard about that? Where does it hang out in your back? Back, um. Yeah, one place. I think Mo had some on his head yesterday morning when it met him out there in the hallway. We were like passing ships in the night. He walked one way and I walked the other way. Old Howard. He walked a little more. Fuch than I. A little older as well. Of course he's got to walk walk at an angle to make sure he don't trip on that cord. You know, the one that goes to his bag. The following is the teaser on a back of Gorvah Dallas latest contribution dreaming Wars says Wally and Dear Field. It says when Gorvah Dallas recently or times bestseller perpetual war for perpetual peace was published, but it always described as a noble defender of the American Republic. In dreaming war, Vidal continues this defense by confronting the Cheney Bush Junta and the United States. On the series of devastating essays that demolished the lines of American Empire lives by. Young veils a counter-history that traces the origins of America's current imperial ambitions to the experience of World War II and the Truman Doctrine that gave us our national security state. Now with the Cheney Bush Junta preparing us for a hot new war, Vidal asks whose interest are served by this doctrine of the preemptive attack. Was Afghanistan turned to rubble to avenge the 3000 slaughtered on 9.11 or was a sum of chosen the only aesthetic grounds to be the frightening logo for our long contemplated invasion in concourse of Afghanistan. After all corporate America is long been excited by Eurasia's minimal wealth. Hence, Saddam Hussein's abrupt replacement of Osama's the personification of evil, but all countries of a vision of America an vengeful mood, where the media is decided to permit your task of inciting public opinion, where the citizens we are reduced to spear-carrying, and the Cheney Bush-Hoot Junta is the latest most lethal and unconstitutional advocate of corporate America's enemy of the month club. P.S. is Wally, no wonder Vidal chooses to reside in Naples Italy, which he doesn't know about. If you haven't read Propecial War for Preptial, please try it on precise. His new style of writing pamphlets makes his work time extremely insightful, hard to believe that he in El Gore are cousins. So, it's Wally and Dierfield. I'd like that. Gorby Don't. I'd like it. Exactly. My kind of fact, Gorby Don, genius. What's your take on Michael Jackson, where I said, don't forget to collect that. I've always wanted to promote it a lot to go on by his CD, not. If I didn't, anybody this audience to buy some Michael Jackson CD, right in the foot, okay? And for each success of CD, we start aiming a little bit higher. Right? Right now. Not. He's... Bhozox. 40 was seven people say George Rodriguez is gay, which is just an alternative just to get them to vote today, so we can help fund our gay agenda. He's a sick pedophile, Michael Jackson 39. He's the world's number one fruit cake, 36. He blows and so does his music, 14. He's weird, but I love his music, 10. He's okay, we finally got two said, okay. He's okay. I'm okay, you're okay. He's okay. Oprah's okay. Papukan is okay. By the way, Papukan, you gotta read this book. Blinded by the right by David Brock. Papukan really has come so far, not that I like Papukan, but I do like that show on MSNBC. And he's so much more reasonable and rational, I almost makes you believe that he believes what he's saying. And maybe he does, I don't know. So they don't like you foreigners. He wants to close the border, all you foreigners. Which certainly he's got a good idea there. You foreigners, you foreigners. No, I was here first. Twenty-two, ten, at five, sixty, WQM, you know, size does matter for you guys. I think they're like the first caller we had that they got a little tiny penis. I wanted to know where to put it. And according to the Florida Department of Labor Computer Professionals have really big ones. We're not talking about penis as though. We're talking about paychecks. That's what it's all about. According to these state of Florida computer careers are among the highest paid in the highest demand. Best drink enough if you achieve a brand new high-paying computer career. And just for a short month, in other words, by this spring, you can throw away a crappy old paycheck, you can wipe your butt with it, and start making some real money and get a big fat one. Fast trains got locations all over town. They're in Kendall, my and Elpemper Pines, and they've got the evening and weekends scheduled, so there's no excuse to stay in that dead end job working for some real smuck. Call fast train right now, tool freebie, sure and tell them, you know why I'm in such a good mood we haven't seen Todd Reckon weeks. Oh man. Right. Call fast train today at 1-866 fast train. That's 1-866 fast train. They got full time job placement and guaranteed financing too. Call them or check them out of the web at fast train.com because now you too can have a big fat impressive one that'll stretch a long way. A paycheck. 1-866 fast train. That's my life and love. This is 4-2-0-566. You wait, you weigh him. The thing rape is funny. Man, do I like that? Jump air in the taxi car about her driver, central park. You look that mean so quish-a-gling. I could know he was in the dog. So I acted out my puncture in, with my arms, the trees I'm made. No bump speaks to English and a mongol. I went down the mountain, I met Beach where the weather was nice and sunny. I walked into a little bus gone but the guy there talks real funerals. I asked him for a pint of cold jim-beemies as non-piend of what does that mean? What the butter's speaking English and a mongol. That corner deline. Hell, I think I've been Pakistan speaking with smelly. Are you going back to the lara? I came here, many years ago, when my ABC, I don't say much as gross years. I say pretty pretty. So get yourself to a classroom quick, you're an American now, stop making me sick. You know, butter speak English, come on in a mongol. 944-56, you know, because I'm so the reason I play that way, now we said the fact that I love it is that on a front page of the Sun Sentinel always this morning. Angry his Spanish flood, Dame Edna, would email over comic remark. They're whipped up informing it to mom. Thanks for the plug, but I'm more concerned about your health, is this chronic mic? I don't want you to get sick and stick me with George, as he hates you. He likes you disgusting. The worst mold is start to be bought for us. See the description page. Oh, I see. Start to be bought for us. It's actually, it's actually, it's the Kibbo. The STACHYBOTR, why is it? Don't let us spell, splatter to start to, yeah. Long time list of since WNWS, Mike from Abel Home and Specions, PS lawsuit sounds good to me. You need the M.O. mold report. Would be good. Let's get a mold report near them. I'll file a big. We'll call up OSHA. The Yaki Praterals Safety and Health Administration. OSHA, look at this. STATCHY BATRUS, for how'd you pronounce that? This fungus may produce a triothess, which is something, which is poisonous by inhalation. The toxins are present on the fungal spores. This is a slow growing fungus on media. See? I'm going to go look. Are we in the media? It does not compete with other rapidly growing fungi. The dark colored fungi grows on building material with a high cellulose content and a low nitrogen content. Individuals with chronic exposure to the toxins produced by this fungus report a cold and flu symptoms. The sore throat's diarrhea headaches fatigue dermatitis, intermittent local hair loss, and generalized malaise. The toxins produced by this fungus will suppress the immune system affecting the lymphoid tissue and the bone marrow. My co-toxin is also reported to be a liver and kidney curse in a gene. A feats by absorption of the toxins in the human lung are known as no more psychosis. The organism is really found out to our samples. It's usually difficult to find a bababa. The spores are in a gelatinous mass. Like gelo. Like a slime. Like a big slime. Like you see that right up there? See at the bottom of that vent that air intake up there is like a gelatinous mess. The spores will die readily after released the dense spores are still out of genocontoxin. Here's that. Thanks a lot. My cat think we're going to work get on this. And duck promises me that he'll pay for it for the study. He'll chip in. Him and clearance. Let's take a good idea. Even though it may not be financially expedient to the company at this time, Code Bob Green from W.I.O.D. Remember Bob Green? Err. Don't spend all of them on Place Bob. And what tell was that all about their Pompado Park that night Bob? You and Cheryl that dog and pony show. What was that all about? Remember that strayer told you about how they had this kind of disease. But how they had this cock maybe scheme get me on XM on satellite radio. Something like that. And by the meat, but it will end up that and never heard another word about it. Now I never heard one more word about it. Wouldn't that be great in having me on satellite radio and people all over the country? Uncensored by the way. Nothing else. What is it? Got in calls people asking. Hey, I'm thinking about getting XM on satellite radio. Yeah, we're going to get Neil on XM on satellite radio on there and then they go uncensored. Uncensored. Uncensored. That would be spectacular. Right. No more this having to like watch. Yeah, every other word we say because we have the word police out there. Here we're getting ready to go to war kill thousands, maybe millions of people. North Korea is running around moving their plutonium over here and give me to crack up their bomb making apparatus. And we're worried about if somebody says crap on the air. Don't you think or in this poor guy in California that railroaded? Convicted for growing your wallet for medicinal purposes and accordance with local and state law out there. But you're DEA. I'm serious. What is wrong with you people? What does it take to get the people angry and pissed off and fired up? I think we own that. Huh? You make light of it. But think of all the people that have been killed by profanity. Right. That's right. Assels. Five to 85 years this guy can go to jail. Right. The jury says, well, we didn't know us from initial purposes because the judge wouldn't let a present that evidence in any, etc. And so on in their case. And we want to have another trial because we feel really bad. We feel almost as bad as Antonio who's laying their dime on passions. Oh, by the way, what's your name is still live? Mrs. Wallace. You can't get rid of that bitch. Emissary. She's great. You gotta see that chair on Tony. You're missing out on life. Sorry. Patience is great. All right. Take your word for. Even if it was just for what's your name? What's her name? Pilar. Rice Pilar, Meho. And we his Spanish flood daymedna with email over comical mark to show you once again how everybody's got a really politically correct. I mean, Dame Edna average is just a silly, a very hungry British comedian, one of those silly British drag people, which that's all they know is drag. Even Monty Python whom we love a lot. How anybody could care about anything that comes out of that now. Exactly. Or goes into it. Heather. When the February issue of had a defer, hit the newsstand this month. It wasn't a sexy photograph of Salma Hayak posing on the beach that created a buzz. Instead, the magazine's Mexican cover girl was overshadowed by a front-by-Australian comics musings on the venue of Spanish as a second language. All whipped up. The English Center is on a fictional advice column as generating a wave of angry emails and protest letters calling for a boycott of a condiness publication and the articles author. And it has many Latino groups asking themselves, why like Rodney Dangerfield, they can't get any respect. Let's see. The upper-up again would Dame Edna average a character created by Australian comic very Humphrey's answered a fictional letter from a Palm Beach reader Potter and which second language to learn. For yet Spanish, there's nothing in that language worth reading except donkey hoatie in a quick listen to the CD of Man of Lamancibo take her of that. There was a poet named Garcia Lorca, but I'd leave him on the intellectual back burner for how were you. As for everyone speaking it, what twaddle? Who speaks it that you really desperately to talk to? That help? Your leaf, lower? Study French or German whether at least a few books worth reading or if you're American try English wrote Humphrey's. Right. Harmless. Sure. Amazing. Okay. I knew I'd get it. While the controversy may seem silly to some who like it to the Taco Bell Chihuahua incident right, many Latino groups say they don't lack a sense of humor just patience with the way they're portrayed and mainstream America. La Coca, Ra, Chaian, like that. They're tired of that. Uptight beeners. Right. The fictional misses dismissive tone of all things Hispanic is generating thousands of emails from Angry Latinos in Miami. New York, Chicago and Los Angeles. Is this the worst thing that we're having to let Latinos or has been said about the notes at least in a ready spokesman for the National Council of La Raza, one of the national groups leading the protest. The problem is the way it depicts Spanish and entire culture. If Kennedy fair were always ready about Latino literature or authors, then a jab at Spanish wouldn't get such a huge reaction, she said. Much of the responses the work of Wendy Maldonato, a New York management consultant who said on the email last week, asking just a few friends to sign her protest letter. Maldonato received a flood of responses. I've got emails from New Jersey to Argentina, China and Hawaii. I'm not getting stuff every two seconds she said. She also said, I've got emails from New Jersey to Argentina, China and Hawaii. I'm not getting stuff every two seconds she said. She also said, I've got emails from New Jersey to Argentina, so I asked Roda, so my name is one of joined the email protest and raids by Dame Edna's remarks about blue collar workers. And Vanity fair is seeming hypocrisy. In fact, the blue collar workers ought to be upset about passions because Pilar was the house maid for the right? See there? Stereots, I see. There. I know a lot of Lee floors, who are doctors in their countries. They have a lot of worthwhile things to say, Roda said. They're putting some a hike on the cover, try to appeal to Latinos and bilingual readers, but in the magazine they put down a Latino community. Others say they made an as quickly wasn't funny on any level. It fails if humor said Lalo Lopez, an actually segregated cartoonist who recently appeared on an LA radio show with the editor of both entity for articles. It just seems like another stupid thing that kids put out there. I'm almost immune to it because people always tell me, go home to Mexico. You speak faster. I'm Lalo Lopez said the columnist managing to do what many groups and politicians have failed to do. United a diverse Latino community that's emerging as the largest minority group in the US. The coolest part about this is how a Puerto Rican friend in New York believed this was a slower incentive to me, it's a connoisseurist. This is a pan Latino thing Lalo Lopez said. And the... Vanity fair representatives issued a written statement saying they regret that certain remarks that are February issued by the entertainer and author Barry Humphrey's in the guys of his fictional character, Damon and the headcrossed offense to our readers and others. The magazine added however that Humphrey's is an equal opportunity to his distributor of insults, just like somebody else we know. Humphrey's representatives did not return the South Florida Suncendals calls request and comment for obvious reasons. It wouldn't waste their time with it, exactly. Wasteful bunch of crap. But there it is on the front page of the Suncendal, do they? We got a whipped up bunch of Latinos. That's kind of unusual in it. Yeah. I'll whip up into our frenzy. Let's start another petition. About nothing. Here's a facts from our chronic this David man, Jeff Heiss former neighbor. I'm not sure, is it crazy person? Fug's the crap out of me. Your favorite informers will go to build a list for tomorrow. That's not our poll today though. Pull today. What's your take on Michael Jackson? No forget, 8 o'clock tonight, 20, 20. As Michael talks about like sleeping with little boys. And what does he say? Nothing sexual about it. It's just he likes sleeping with little boys. Maybe what should do it. Maybe he has to age. There's what he's maybe. 10, 11, 7. And about the hang in the kid over the balcony and say, and they also said there was something about him feeding trying to feed his kid. And what I grow test pathetic thing. They want to take those kids away from man. Obviously right. Because first of all, they're not his kids number one. Right. And number two got away. And those what he's got in mind for him. There's already doing 200 and 2 votes. What's your take on Michael Jackson? Jordan Rodriguez is gay 62. In other words, you're in a class by yourself. Always will be Michael Jackson. He's a sick pedophile 56. He's the world's number one fruit cake 50. He blows and so does his music 22. He's weird, but I love his music 10. And he's okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Up here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the 18. I'd like to ask you one other thing too. And it's not a clock hour. How come we're so newsy lately? Got to do something for the hour. Now I'm not talking about this. I'm just talking about it in general on a program. How come we're so newsy? All these interesting things to talk about. I'm going to think about it. Well, I don't know. I really don't know. Or shuttle, Michael. Yeah. Michael's not newsy. Michael's, yeah, it's kind of stuff that was he, thrive on. WCWAM. Hi. Good morning. Yes, sir. I was, I was a winner on the morning show. Yeah. And I was supposed to get a call back that I never did. Yeah, well, my nine. I don't know. What did you win? Well, they said I had one. I was second place in the competition with picking. You know, I was in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the more Howard here, peace contest. And then more in the name, the he was talking about the different names. The, identify the, then animal contest. Oh, is the contest. We're, he was, how did you know? The goofy team, I heard that. I was monitoring this morning. The goofy name. No, what's name did you call him? I was a arena for the guy. Yeah. Arena for the guy. Ah, see, he said it again fast a second time thinking that that will get it. That would do it. Didn't do it. Didn't do it. Yeah, there was some pretty interesting stuff on the this morning. And we sure better than the LeBron James, whatever the guy's name is. And what we're going to do about that Humvee and his mother spent all his money. And he got a, I just, and then I heard more of the yesterday saying he made a couple of calls to like his, his cousin is a card dealer and how much is that really cost and a, I mean, I just don't get it. I have only one question about that. Why? Yeah. Don't you? No, I just put it out of my head. Makes me wonder. Like the bread is wonder. Makes me wonder. It's a wonder. Of course, when you're here in soft floaty, you have a lot of spare time on your hands. Make no mistake about that. No matter what you do, whether you young old and between and mostly old a lot of spare time on your hands. In between. Now there was that car wreck on the weekend all star weekend with some 90 year old man who seriously injured. There were a couple of guys, a couple of players that got injured in that too. Hockey players. And for some reason, I just noticed a little follow up on that in the paper this morning. And I guess everybody's gonna be okay, but that was just another one. Another soft float incident. Another 90 year old guy losing control, ravenous car into people up on a curb, Oh, through, through, through buildings, stuff like that. Probably got a renewal for 100 years in the mail. Put that Clark Kent to shame, and these people, they just can't see through buildings. They drive through buildings. Down here. 9.57 at 5.60 WQM I'll tell you a place that'll drive you wild with great food, a sea of delicious food. And that's the Emerald Coach Chinese buffet. Richard is from Toronto to Big Maple East fan. Nice, go on Richard. Kick the rice last night here, Richard. We did it. Anyway, three locations for the Emerald Coach, where you can go in and really pick out. They're in sunrise, North Miami Beach, in their newest location in Pemberpines. Start your mouth watering eating experience with six different soups. And then of course, dozens and dozens of circling on for his of all kind. The Emerald Coach is a real surf in turf on a weekend. Near our stripstick made a word of the gourmet center, Ray Cisling Asian grill with teriyaki steak, shrimp, chicken seafood, even handcarp primerib. The Emerald Coach bro was healthy living to no crap, no MSG, no cornstarch, and they use only cholesterol free oils and all their cooking. The buffet at the Emerald Coach features a full salad bar. There's a new sushi bar fresh from cocktail too. And don't forget, for all you lobster lovers out there, lobster feasts is back in Emerald Coach featuring lobster thermators and lobster bisc. And please bring a big healthy appetite which I'm sure I've seen a lot of you folks. I'm sure you will because you've got to save room for dessert. There's a tremendous dessert bar featuring pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream and all your favorite toppings. Even fresh food, what a way to end a real pickup. You'll find them in sunrise on the corner of Pine Island, a 44th Street. Collins Avenue just north of Ambrit, 63rd North Miami Beach. And at the intersection of Lemingo and Pemberc roads in Pemberpines. The accept reservations take out delivery available as well. Call 9-5-4-5-7-238-22. 5-7-4-5-7-2-38-22. I give that right. What? One more time, 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. That's what I said. You'll find a lot of other Chinese buffets but believe me there's only one like this. The Emerald Coach Chinese buffet. My life and love! This is 4th Radio 5-6. You ain't too late yet. Holly Pop, Little Boy. I used to think that could not be hard. I'd say what he quite was on a storm. I'm loving years of fast-for-carving feel. As long as grass is on the plate, you can feel you. If I can see it, then I can do it. If I just believe it. Then they're mature here. I'm a big pet a fryer. Yeah. I believe I can touch your thigh. You can feel it on video tape. Don't give a more than try to rage. If I ever come home. You're feeling on and through that open door. I'm a big pet a fryer. I'm a big pet a fryer. I'm a big pet a fryer. I'm right. I'll tell you at 5-6-2-3-2-1. I got the man dog coming up on a clock. Hank is at the World Caribbean Caribbean. What is it? What is it? We don't know. Is it a cruise ship? Is it animal? Is it a golf tournament? Is it bigger than a breadbuff? I don't know what that is. See, the problem is with our program director who's making up our schedules. You don't know a wonderful job in there. I said that because Monday is payday clearance. They put stuff on there. I guess since we're not part of the sports fraternity, we're supposed to know what that is. We're not part of the gambling fraternity. Even though I do love going to Pomp and O Park and plunger my guts out. I don't know what that is. Maybe we're on a need to know basis. Seriously, is that a golf tournament? Is it a cruise ship? Is it a resort? Is it a resort? Is it supposed to read it? I want to know. Golf tournament. Say who? Miguel. Is it a golf tournament? I was only saying that jokingly. The Howard. We're doing shows from a golf tournament again. Oh geez. Oh my God. Wow. Hobo, jays there. Oh, I'm probably will be. You will those are through the Gnie's. He'll be batting some around. The Royal Caribbean Golf tournament. I figured as much because we wouldn't be doing a show from a cruise ship. Wouldn't we? And would hang on it? Nothing might start listening a little bit. Huh? Come on. Lose a couple ounces. How per one? I want to keep you around a little bit. Since I made that comment about him getting a little bit. Of course he hasn't been around. That's what he's saying today. Did you? How's he doing? No, it'll. Fant. Yeah. He really has. He's like, and that's because I haven't been here. Which I'm very remissioned that. If I bitch him out on here, he'll lose an answer to. Really, he always works. That's my role in life. I can't lose any weight myself, but at least I'm trying to help other fat people stay alive. Now, a fat boys case. We quite frankly don't care anymore. We've given us a lost call. B's were helping tremendously on balance for life. He's doing a nice job around 50 pounds. Probably more about the time it comes into tomorrow. Isn't tomorrow way in day for the B's? Oh no. Then we got let's see after Hank what do we go? Oh, that's right. Another hockey game tonight for this one in Pittsburgh. Seven o'clock year. You should go panther. Prego. Seven thirty to panthers in Pittsburgh in the. Uh, igloo to play the. Penguins with my real. Eddie K. after the hockey game from GA and Joe and Mark overnight. This is an amazing story. That's somebody just facts to me. Police chiefs gun goes off again. Second investigation in year underway. A perfectly miserable start to the 2003 year. Got even worse for Kronybos police chief Jim Skinner. Wednesday afternoon. Many accidentally discharged his 40 caliber. Gluck while at police headquarters. The second such incident for the chief in less than seven months. According to police sources, Skinner accidentally fired his gun at about two p.m. February five. His exact which is yesterday. His exact location was not given by police spokesperson. But several city sources confirm the incident took place in one of the police headquarters. Bathroom. Maybe he was shooting or one of my turn or something. Huh? You turn. Nobody was injured during this. Police spokesman Sergeant Raoul Pedroso confirmed that the department's criminal investigation unit and internal affairs office began at investigation in the incident. Pedroso said that Florida statute 112 prohibits the sharing of detailed information on ongoing investigations. Yadiyada. The shooting incident comes about 27 weeks after Skinner accidentally fired his gun in the locker room of a candle gymnasium. Genia Jim. In that case, Skinner is said to have finished a physical therapy session. And was in a locker room when he went to put his gun back at his holster and fired it twice. Police Department conducted an investigation on that incident as well, but it's not released information in the public. Skinner said he wouldn't be able to come in until the investigation was concluded. City manager David Brown and said that Skinner called immediately after the incident, but went to the more information is known by Bababa. The external shooting would not come at a worst time for the embattled chief as the air started with a collective thought. He's already suffered through a non-confidence both from the majority of union. Police officers expressed and his department's already seen a robbery slash murder and several arm robberies. All this coming after an overwhelmingly negative survey and his abilities and job performance conducted by the police union late last year. Problems in the Gables, maybe it's got a picture on his story. I wish you could see it. You only casually have teafewed Skinner's in a Burton gunshot with a toilet bowl. And there's a picture of the bowl and you should like pardon the seat as like, shot right off at the time of the bowl. Man, shot a right knee or a bullet full. Hope the tiny bowl man wasn't like a peeking out at the time, you know it. Not a turtle. Hope he wasn't poking his head out. 567.0.560. On the AT&T and Verizon where it was lying. So a Humper is doing his show at a golf tournament. And they wonder why they get numbers on his station. They're like going in the toilet if the sheriff will pardon me for saying that. Or they polished you for what I'm going to tell you guys. I, sorry we said that. That the numbers are going to need toilet. And he can't shoot him because they're too small. But many things that small. Seriously golf tournaments don't these people get it? No, is that a sport? You don't get it. Is that a sport? You don't get where we're at. How to sport? It's a silly game. And I don't care if there's a golf channel. If we got a lot of people alive for this pit. It's interesting by the way that most of the people who play golf are the same people who are the sport holes. Right? Right? Play golf. Watch golf. You're right. Well, why is that? That's not like a real sport. That's not like for real men or even real women. Like sitting and watching a golf pool play. You think that they lay in? It offers like real women. Oh, really? Oh, oh, oh. That's right. If you don't let them in there in Atlanta, they're going to huff and puff and knock you door down. How do you like that? That's right. They got the ability. Can't. We're going to load up that diesel truck trucker. He's once you borrow it from him. Right. And just take a whole truckload up there to Augusta. And they're going to stand out there. Like I said, they're going to huff and puff and blow that door down until you let them in. Come and hell or hi water. Are you Yahoo's up there? Are you sexist pigs? Are you anti-Lizbian golfing idiots you? Blue noses, drunks, schmuzirs? That's golf for you, baby. I know because I know a lot of people play golf and each and every one of them has no life. Desperate lifeless board people. Look into kills some time. Coatern hasn't excised to schmuz with people. Why not just have a club? Just a little bit. Like the BSW, the elk, something like that. Just a big place where people can hang out. That's what it is. But they go out through the end. And of course it's such great exercise because we're all at walking. And I'll just an excuse. All that's soldering around from hold a hole. Yeah. I mean, it's kind of like what you do. I guess at the swing club. Here's Kendall. Hello. That was good. Uncle Neil. Yes sir. I was at the one that talked about the cross over. I've been listening to you for years. I never. The cross dresser. Cross over. Yeah. I'm not a sportful at all. Good. Thank God for that. I've been enjoying listening to Mandage. Oh, here's not just a sportful. He's a nut. Yeah. It's been it's been real funny. I say that moanies to pick up on. I mean, his show really stinks. I wish that you guys would do a cross over the morning because I get to listen to them early morning sometimes. You wish that moan. I would do a cross over in the morning. Well, I mean, like, as good as your show is used to be with Maniton Hanks and non. I would listen to those sports shows. I wouldn't ordinarily. I got to listen to something in the morning. But I also want to tell you that that drop of moan. You asshole is really funny. Doesn't that do it for you? Oh, don't you like a little twitch every time you hear that? I do. You see, your friend in Samuel's ought to love it. That guy, the speedy. He was really good at new times. I used to email him. I really liked not anymore. The hero cut his mind. I don't know. I mean, that's like a pointing kissinger or something like that. The hero does the clot him. Yeah. It's airhole. It's a real disappointment. And I want to ask, what is this Patriot act I'm here to talk about? It means you can't call this show anymore. What? The Patriot act means you have to be a Patriot fan. All the dolphins are going to jail. You must say Patriot act. It means you've lost your freedom, sir. That's what it means. You've lost all your freedom. It's no more first amendment. No more any amendment except the fourth amendment. And the second amendment. I'm going to rather one say like, they don't like the first amendment. At all. They don't like freedom of speech. They don't like separation in the state. Things like that. Just a little minor things like that. Just get ahead of the second one and go from there. 10 minutes after 10 at 5. 60 WCWM. I'm just all disorganized here. I have no idea why I'm in the wrong hour on my log. I must be that last guy. He was a good guy but he was kind of boring to be honest with me. He was a good guy. It was a good, very good boring. Hey, if you guys out there are like most since he just mentioned him, I're looking for your hair. It might be in the toilet. It might be on the floor. It might be next to Mo. I don't know where the hell it is. The more you look, the less you can find it. If you want to get a great looking at air, call my buddy Charles Alfieri. He's the man. He's the hair specialist. For over 25 years, working with a famous and infamous and that beats in everybody in between. Charlie's been helping guys look their best with his incredible natural hairline system. There are so many people who are as peddling all kinds of things. Now, mouthy look in a hair piece. They sell that propisher and really piss you off to when you find out that it's dangerous number one. And number two, you won't grow a single follicle with it. So get Charlie's natural hairline system. It looks like they're really grown out of your scalp. He can make you look younger and better than you have in a coon z age. Call them at their toll free number. Imagine you can ride your tourney to call your good. That special $200. Come just for mentioning my name. So, butcher up and tell them that they're going to call $183-214-13. $183-214-13. Or check them out on the word wide wicked web. If you like, Charles Alfieri.com. Get your hair back this year from Charles Alfieri in Fort Lotto. Come on, baby. Look all these six, these five, six, six, six. The ring is on yours. Oh, my God. You ain't... Next dead babies. Yes. Think of a call that's what's T-Toy and how many of you. I just picked up my 92-A-Core from your life. And that is on Tuesday in the back seat. I heard you're stirred? Yes. And there's one in the back seat? I'm a turt. Yes. And there's one in the back seat? A turt. A paper. A big ass human turt. And a back seat of my call. Man, I assure you, our guys did not take it down for your car. If you want to bring that car back, and we'll take a look at it. You owe you one thing to look at. My car is fine. It says big ass turt in the back seat. Okay. What would you like me to do? I said, okay. How about I'm going to your house and pick the local you'll count about this. Man, what would you like me to do to fix the situation? I want somebody to come over here. Get this car out of my back seat. That's not going to happen. Wait a minute, if that's going to happen. You can bring the car here when you take a look at it. I am. I'm going to bring it back there. You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to take the dump in every last call you got there. I'm going to peel your counter. I'm going to do it all. You can do how it feels. I don't know what you feel like a big girl in there. It probably came out your way. Oh, yeah. I don't make it to happen to go and I'm taking it and dumping the car. How about you, you way? About 400 pounds. That's your turn. That's right there. Yes. That came up from 400 pounds. That's just a 400 pound man. He's a dad over the river. I'm driving this car right to my lawyer's office. And I'm going to let the whole world see you want to be on a new decision, buddy. I'm going to get seven on my side. What? You want to be on a new? Can you describe the Jesus? I mean, what does it look like? You know what it is, it came out your way. What's that hell? You can work on us. Actually, what color? I say what it smells undone. And that's what it smells like. It smells like you sold your ass to the devil. That's what it is from the pizza. Well, how long is this? It's not as long as my own. I don't think it's like, why don't this is not what I got to them. Two more four and my best feet. You know, I think this is actually just a racial stick too. That's what they're like. Little kids are running away from it. How much I'll find is funny? I'll put it on. I'll put it on. You're probably going to see her wheel too. That's all right. How long does it look like it's been sitting there? The Steve is coming all for it. Okay. Steve, did you come with a whole bunch? Yes. You're a little bit too much. You're a little bit too much. I am taking this into the fridge. Okay. What you need to do is you need to bring that shirt back. And we'll match it up. We have a line up. We'll match it up with the other turrets that we have. Well, what you need to do is learn how to use a pro. We say you're not going to bring the shirt back to me? No. You know what? Is this the sample? No. I'm starting to like it. I'm going to keep it as a fast. Well, keep it. So this is a nice one. You know what? It's a nice conversation piece. Okay. Okay. Okay. It's a nice piece. 10 17 at 5 60 WLQA and 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. So that's not only just a golf tournament they rock here being but see seniors tournament. You have to be kidding me. You have got to be joking me. The seniors golf tournament where the people are like 100 plus who are playing which means the people will be listening about it are like 100 plus as well. Come on. What are you going to hop up board? Get with it. I'm not. I hopped off that band waiting a long time ago. I got right to the edge of it and never ran away from it. I switched away from it. Have you ever actually played a game of golf? Yes. Very long time ago. Many, many, many years ago. Twice. Played at twice. And I said, what are we, Dick? A list of times. This is all the waiting sure is. Why would anybody want to do this? What is the purpose? What's the traction? Walking and waiting? Walking and waiting? Yeah. I mean. But anyway. So we're going to have that on our hands going to be there to roll care being because obviously we're making some bucks from it on the station. That's all we care about. We don't care if anybody else is interested in out there. We got some kind of a deal worked up and we're making some cash. So it's the roll care being for 100 plus your old players. I bet your R&E Palmer is going to be there. Are you not playing at all anymore? You want to know about that? Jack, Nicklas, he'll be there because he's out there to jack. Nicholas, the golden elephant. The golden elephant this man. He lives it. He breeds it. He's in fact the rumor has it up there in Palm Beach County that when he does a dump in golf balls come out. That's what I've heard. I heard he has had his surgically replaced balls. Yes. Pontiac Michigan. A man with speak of that. What a great guy. Tyon. Cut in. A man with no medical license will stand trial after allegedly cast rating a man on his kitchen last year. What a great cut in. Shou-o-shan Wang. Twenty more. It just keeps getting better. I'd expect it to be since no more than six months in jail to. They have to play and go to the practice and get some of that license and dispensing prescription medication. But Oakland County Circuit Judge Fred Mester said he was uncomfortable with the plea agreement and indicated he might impose a harsher in sentence. At that point, Wang's attorney asked for a jury trial. They were peabock plea bargaining. Wang is an engineer from Taiwan who's in the US on a student visa. He was arrested after police found apparently willing subdued in bloody trousers sitting outside. Sitting outside Wang's O'Parrac home. Prosecutors said the man wanted the castration because he had a sexually transmitted disease. Wang told police he learned the skill from his grandparents. He performed his first surgery on a dog and then on the dog's owner and three of the owners friends in Australia. Prosecutors said. How do you like that? Practice makes perfect, baby. 560560. Here's Daniel B. Hello. Yes sir. Are you doing sir? Okay. Study left night at the hockey game you look in great. Yeah. And boys, those chances will cost them off. Let me tell you something. Peter Warrell. Is this IQ about what about? 560560. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line is a continuous more of the same on and on over and over. Week. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello. Yes sir. How are you? Okay. Listen. I want to tell you the people in Miami with this war going on and everything. They're whipping up people into a frenzy with a video coming out about federal brother. Why are you doing that? Doing what? The other side of the building is the brother. You're whipping up the building. Power. Because he's why? Power after the building. Yeah. I don't know how to do it. Okay. I think you're talking to your phone right now. Get into one pal with none listed number. 560560. And he's called sure they're elected court and deliverance. They sure are special. Man. And why do you have a question mark? We know that call must be from Cleveland. Hello. Yes sir. You and Cleveland. Are you in Cleveland? I'm Cleveland. I'm a Cleveland. Yes sir. Great show. But my problem is that you play for 10 minutes. Then you're off for three minutes. Then I come on for 10 minutes. And it's only your show. Not bad dog or anybody else. I was going to ask you to produce for whoever answers. You don't hear as the commercial. If you're in Cleveland, why would you want to hear the commercial? Anyway. Oh, is that what that is? Yeah. Oh, I hear the commercial. Do they have to do that? Car deal and all that stuff. They hear the commercial. Yeah. But it goes on for 10 minutes. Then I'm off. I just wanted to. Any further questions? Just take the ten minutes. You get in counterblessing. That's all I can tell you. I guess that's an a regular thing. And you too. Well, I'm sure sorry I put him on hold without talking. Yeah. You should get with it. 560560. On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. I don't see anybody in this audience. Of course, we got a lot of holios out there in this community. I don't see anybody whipped up into a frenzy about Dame Edmund's comments about her Qt comments about forget Spanish. Yaddi got nothing worth while except on Kyoto. I mean, wow. Everybody is uptight and on a side. Everybody's got to be politically correct. And everybody's worried about stepping on this one's toes. That one's toes. And the meantime, we'll wait to blow the world up. I'm so delighted that America's got its priority straightened out. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Miami Lake. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I heard you talking about ancient this morning. What's the deal with that? What's the deal with one? Why, you don't want to go back now or it's just turned off by it. What did I just what did I say when you were listening? You were just turned off by it for a little while. But the reason I'm asking you about that is, do you believe we are going to war the US? Of course. Okay. Another question. Now that I'm that the summer's coming up and I'm going to have my vacation. I was thinking of going to the UK. Do you think just out of your opinion, do you think it would be safe to travel? If there is a war in the UK? No. No, you wouldn't think so. No. Of course. Better to stay in the continental US again. Well, I mean, like maybe, and you're even New York and be safe. I mean, like, you know, I don't know. Seriously, if you're going to worry about where to be, geographically to be safe, I think any small town you pick. The view, I would be okay. The further you made your city. If Salanti, Michigan might be okay. I can think of a Zillion places. I would be glad to be good at that. But I certainly, if I was going to be traveling abroad, I wouldn't be going into a country like England. Assuming we are at war at that time. Really, I went into there. That's got to see enormous Muslim population. And that's obviously very strong. We are inside and a war. All right. All right. Just what a value you can. You think Switzerland might be okay. Thank you. Good luck to you. 560505060, Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. And tourism around the world, by the way, is very, very way down. Way down. Because people, number one, of course, are, oh, air can of us in big financial trouble to a, found that out this morning. They got real tourists as well. They're hanging on. I mean, the point is going to be pretty soon. You don't have to worry about what you can go to here or there. Because there won't be anybody at fly. Are there anyway? Between American Airlines is fighting bankruptcy. And I didn't all these others. Now air can of what does it going to be left? You got to write brothers number in there. Stage coach. 560705060. All in you'll be excited to know that there have another memorial. See, I don't want to make light of anything. It was a tragedy. Mike Mayo stole our offender in his calm this morning. The sun sent. Says everything. And they're like he always does. He steals my awards verbatim puts him into a column about how this is tragic. But it's been overblown by the media and life has to go on. Er, he does this all the time. Never mentions my name or it's thanks me for the idea or makes any reference to the fact that I said it. Just sits out there like he's doing right now. Listen to the show and then it makes a column out of it. Like he's got an original idea which a gritty does not. But anyway, the Washington National Cathedral right now to have it anymore for the astronauts. Again, another one. I mean, what, what does it stop? It's Thursday already. This happened last Saturday. What, what does this stop? What the war starts? What are we supposed to feel better? When we're supposed to be less morose? Or is that headline again, nation in pain? When is the pain start going away? I would say about one o'clock. 567560, pound 560 on a AT&T line. Here's Boca, hello. Yes sir. Amazing. Your ratings are amazing considering I have to show up your station five or six times during your show. Just because I can't get the station. Like I go on power line road. I have to shut it off. Like go to my bathroom. I have to, I can't get the static. It's so bad. We're not you listening in your bathroom. Well, I like to take a hot, hot bath sometimes. Yeah. And, but I mean, your rating should be a few. If you had a good signal, I would pump them up a lot. If this show was on FM, we'd have a 95-year-old guarantee that right now. If we were like in the middle of the dial, they're like on 940, which they're just wasting that signal. If we were on there, we'd have at least a 15-year guarantee. And I don't understand how come the signal can't be better if we could speak to people that are in space. Why can't we get your show on power line road? Because it would cost a money to do something about that. Like who's up the power? And they're cheap. They're bunch of cheap bastards. That would be the best thing to get you on that station. I'll allow people to actually hear the show all the time. That would be good. I agree with you. Yeah. Well, right in my mind, I see a red-eminentity letter. Yeah. It's a struggle that we're lifting to you, but it's worth it. Thanks a lot. Okay. Maybe if we just talk louder, how's that? Huh? Oh, I like that. Let's crank it up a little bit. Crank up the guy down there. Oh, I'm back there and engineering you idiots. Crank it up. I'll tell you doing an area. Idiot. George did it. I wonder you're winning a pool? Oh, and by the way, you're in second place. Oh, damn it. What's your take on Michael Jackson? There's our pool on neo-Range's.com. We got 300, 11 votes. He's a sick pedophile, 92. George Rodriguez's gaze got 85 votes. Which may seem like it has nothing to do with this, which it doesn't. But, you know, I'm a little bit of a homer and freak it. He enjoys having it. Yeah. Maybe it's being freaked. He's the world's number one fruit cake, 83. And of course, that could be the Michael Jackson or George. He blows and so does his music, 36. He's weird, but I love his music, 12. And Michael Jackson is okay. Okay. Three. Let me tell you right now about the lights of our Spokha in Megastore for the Actions that I don't want any low-carb sugar ever to die. It's a place you're going to be loving to shop. We're talking about it for a long time on his show now. Good reason you ought to join the thousands of people travel there because unlike the supermarket where they just have like a couple of things for the Actions besides your regular meat and cheese and cheese and meat and lobster, etc. Over 600 delicious low-carb food products and this week, be sure to sample the new low-carb tortilla chips in original or pico galloph labor by carb since. And their great taste is the best. So whether it's carb or life ice cream, bread, tips, muffins, cheese, case, pasta, sauces, the lights of our Spokha's store that's entirely dedicated to you and all your dietary needs. Their staff knows their craft. They're open every day, seven days a week, ten to ten. And at the lights they carry the most complete line of that can brand products you'll find anywhere. And even better news is they're always 25% off all day every day. And everybody out there who's trying the Actions of the low-carb diets, believe you me. This is the number one store in the world. The number one sugar free store in the university, lights of West Boca, the Northeast corner of Glades and 441X to Boston Market or column toll free at 1-877 low-carb. Or on the web you'll find a bit low-carb.com. If you're real lucky when you go into the lights, maybe PD Lane won't be there. We're supposed to be in the 564. You AEM. That's too set of lists. I'm not sure if you're going to be there. I'm not sure if you're going to be there. I'm not sure if you're going to be there. I'm not sure if you're going to be there. That's a list. On the down and whole new rock Saddam Hussein trying to beat the club Far out of news he will be cash Who knows what he's got in his mustache Small bites and air drags He's got a few cans And that you're ready to eat for prom press He made a angry, it's just a tan Let's give a little light so he can see back That it's an American bomb It's an American bomb Roots up on my suit of dumb Till he cut for his mom, it's an American bomb It's an American bomb To keep him all in a warm We're sitting at once before But neither is a mob of these American bombs It's an American bomb It's an American bomb It's an American bomb Empires 3 to 5, 60 WCM Greg Reed is in the studio With a bad haircut as usual Can't you afford to get mad Actually, I've been looking for you Not great, but not too bad Here's a fact from a John and Miami who says I think our boy Jimmy may have a right solution That is much too simple for shrub and company And it's an alternative to war by Jimmy Carter Am I going to read this on you? No, I don't think so Because Jimmy quite frankly, I don't think it's an awful lot of credibility But the thing he does lately is he makes statements that on the face Of it seem to make a lot of sense But his foreign policy expertise If I use that expression loosely It seems to be somewhat lacking How those hostages do it in a ran by the way, George 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 On the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Here's Miami, hello Hello, me, this is me Yes sir, it sounds like you Me, oh god Meal First of all, you got to go and enter emails We don't do email on a show Why is that because it's a lot of trouble Because if we did email, we'd have 80,000 emails every day And about 75,000,000,000,000,000 would be crap Yes, sure, okay second question What, what, what, what do you want to know then? No, I just figured because I let you home Sometimes I figured I'm an email That would be a full time job for somebody Yeah, I'll deal with that Two is a book of writing and come out with a second moment Possibly Okay, third, do you think that what's been going on now With all the situation in the release of that Is that do you can commit as a neglect on a foreign affairs Or what do you... If you have a hemorrhate, if you pop a hemorrhate, it'll be Clintons fall Okay, believe me Make no mistake about it His neglect 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T And for rise of our list line Make no mistake about it, my politically astute friend See, there's really no point in talking on this show About Colin Powell, about the war in Iraq Why are you those days? The guy who said, why are you so newsy? He's right Because just like yesterday In the midst of all of those other right When you might have one call in particular I mean, talk about venom We had to bring the disinfectant here for like a half an hour after that guy called This is what you're dealing with today The people on the right are out of control They've gone ballistic, they're nuts They were always a little, you know, a little, a little like that But now they're just, they're nuts And the rest of the public, you couldn't get a comment You couldn't squeeze a comment here out of them for a lover money For anything So what's the use? What's the point? Can I consider it we'd all these bedtime stories and pontificate And I'm making all these great points And Molly Ivins says this and Mary Magroy says that And what? So we put the stuff on our website for anybody that really cares It's on and we're gonna be some good bedtime stories But what's the poem? We're not gonna change anything here First rating is hell, finding it And that's what they're taking advantage of Because trying to find anybody in America And look at the Democratic Party yesterday What a bunch of whims What a bunch of whims I'm probably both party suck and I'm right There's a decoy party That must be it Colin Paul gets up there, puts on that dog and pony show And here look at these tubes and then we got to record it about me But I'm up, you know, which anybody could get together And Ted Kennedy rolls over and plays dead And the Diane Feinstein and Joe Biden Yeah, you know, he made the case He did a close to today and that's it That's it Of course the Russians don't think so in a French What we know about them in a Chinese And like the Germans and everybody else The Oberon Moogiori The Japanese still keep the Indian The hard tunes didn't convince them No The cartoons and those neat, nifty color drawings didn't do it either 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T And Verizon line Here's Miami, hello Hello Yes sir How are you Neil? OK Did you hear Justin and I was getting an issue on MFC Yes sir, what are you think I was gonna do? I don't think you know anything I don't think you're gonna shake things up I really doubt it Another thing I think George is great I think he's better as your sidekick though And I think the better on his side Yeah, I think the best one of my fairy shows you know how it was The one about the spook name I don't know if you remember it was very long ago Yeah The first show I think is great Another thing, one bit you believe that what couple of times About the Michael Jackson screaming is a little scream I think it's one second Michael Jackson screaming Get a right man Alright, I'll read the letter I'll still go I don't do that, I'll be talking about that kind of lingo 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T And Verizon Wireless line Here's Lake Worth, hello Hey Neil Yes sir Hey, Donald Lake Worth, how you doing? OK Congratulations on your victory last night with the leaves Yeah I read the book I'm gonna walk over I read the Palm Beach Post They said it was a sports crowd What would you put the 7 or 8,000 max? Max Alright, well at least you got a victory Hey, this whole Michael Jackson thing You know, you know, one thing that really bothers me Is the little kid that he dangled over the edge of the balcony She's adopted Which means that in order to adopt the child I believe you have to go before a judge And you have to prove to be a fit parent So where he does it Well, I know that obviously he has high-class lawyers And everything But the fact that he paid off the parents of that little boy That he molested and all the other allegations Some judge out there Actually gave this dumb bag permission To adopt another child Right And I find that really unsettling right there That the judge did How about the judge that OJ have custody of his kids? Yeah I know, I know One last thing, do you have Kibo yet? I have a lot of the equivalent of that is on Direct TV What is it called? All provision Okay, because I just got a Kibo And you had mentioned before that you know, you retired Of all the crap on TV And I got my Kibo this week And I'm telling you man, it's just a whole new way to watch TV It requires what I want For live hockey games You can pause and get up Go take a dump, come back Continue the play I watch what I want to watch And you can set things, you can edit things And I'll tell you what man It's a dead end I know Direct TV is only about five bucks a month I pay 12 But it's a completely different way to watch television Yeah, that's great All right Okay, do you like it? I love you Neil Bye bye 560560 Palm 560 On the AT&T of Horizon World design You know, it's really interesting I want you to stop and think about this Just stop and think about this You know when I see Greg Reen You know I can move Yes, it's course when you'll find a secret You way, yeah The butt I smell it Did you see all Reenings going to last book? Yeah, I know it's what's that is Yeah, good afternoon, yes Like a back attack Like a little, no, no, no, no, no You know, no, no, no, no, no, no No more I got enough, I gotta think about on top I didn't write it And then I don't need a rating that's a minus say Don't say, I want you to look at the sun Just don't deny to what your little heart I'll have to guess you mom A rose should guts the girl There's a lot of fat producers you know That's right, what's the back attack Well, you will wake up on the moon No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no What's the back attack What's the back attack? What's the back attack? Oh, brother, all that blood I don't understand Are you, can you read from my trust while you're in both hands? I can't think that's much you made a rating small You just like Clinton, it's all your fault I'm gonna straight the up bad ass out Well, I'll think too soon, I'll be your mom That's right, but you're back, yeah Well, you won't wake up on the moon No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no That's your back attack What's the back attack?... 0h-o... So you gottain... 145... Hey! 65... 55... T. Infirrines of Marlisline, San Francisco Man's astounding photo, mysterious purple streak you've shown hitting Columbia 7 minutes before disintegrated. Now you don't think that they're trying to over-dellossoo by now saying that all that stuff about the... No, they wouldn't do that. Oh, meteor. Top investigators at the Columbia Space Shuttle disaster analyzing a startling photograph set by an emigrant astronomer from a San Francisco hillside that appears to show a purplish electrical bolt, striking the craft as it's a streak across the California sky. The digital image is one of five step by the shuttle buff and roughly 553 AMC, as senses on the doomed orbit of begins showing the first indications of trouble seven minutes later the craft broke up in flames over Texas. The photographer requested as name not the use in city would not release the image to the public until NASA experts had time to examine it. Although there were several possible, but on-explicents for the image such as barely perceptible jiggle of a camera as it took the time exposure, NASA's zeal of examine the photo demonstrates the likes of what the agency is going to tap the resources of ordinary Americans in solving the puzzle and then perhaps covering up the real, I mean, you know, there are answers. Right. Covering their answer, Ednance, is that what you trying to say? Five, six, seven, you know, is the tremendous number of people calling it on this show, which proves what I've always said. The common image is minutes ago about why the whole would waste their time giving the alternative point of view. Well, what is it accomplished? Because those people won't call for a lover money under any circumstances assuming that they're there. I mean, they vote on the polls. They're against the war. They're on this side. They're on that side. But as far as having a thing to say, forget about it. They don't support us in any way, shape, perform. Right. So what would be the point? The reason. Other than, you know, taking a lot of abuse from right wing assholes and want to call one and say, oh, you're a faggot with that guy yesterday. I mean, he was the epitome of what America's becoming. That's what politics in America is today. That's just the politics of personal destruction. But just just lash out, just unleash. Ventem is the guy says. Ventem. Here's Pemberg Pines, hello. Daniel, how are you doing? Okay. So you didn't happen to read Hackworth column today in a sentence on the day. Hackworth? You know, David Hackworth? No. No, our Thomas Friedman either one of them. No. I saw time Friedman's coming the time yesterday. Yeah. Well, Hackworth's today is really good to get a chance to check it out of a Friedman's was interesting, too. You know, the Gulf War, we were extracting Iraqi from Iraq's Iraq from Kuwait. It's different going into the country itself. Oh, of course. And this is going to be a long term nation building process. And the, well, I mean, we 70% of the country. Let me ask you the target. Who is good of a job of nation building there as we've done in Afghanistan? Oh, I'm sure. Well, he's done a lovely job there. Well, they said, if you've had the column, you see that it, well, I think in Hackworth's column is saying that's chupes are short on troops now because they're spreading them all over the place. It's just it. I'm very happy. And you're recall because we were all gung-ho after 9-11 that a lot of us, including me, we said, well, you know, as long as we're going to go over there and take your of the Taliban, why not take care of Sodom now, too, because we're all whipped up with his patriotic frenzy. And the answer was, well, we don't want to spread ourselves to thin. Well, I guess we have to assume that to Javan Afghanistan must be done in that North Korea really isn't a threat. It's a very depressing thought. Yes, it is. On that note. Good luck to us. Take care now. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. But we're going to be having Hackworth golf term at this afternoon at the seniors golf tournament. What the old codgers out there, old kutes, lacking amounts of balls. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. And what about that LeBron James? How do you think? Without Humvee. That cost 50 grand, but what was all juiced up in Goose stuff, it may have been 75 or 85 grand. Aren't you concerned about that? I know somebody who's a card dealer in like Austin, Texas, I'm going to call him up after the show this afternoon and find out what it runs for one of them things. I'm sorry. Don't look at me. I just don't get it. I don't get it. Here is Miramar. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Funny voice. What is it? Funny or funny. I said, funny voice. What is it? Funny or funny. Funny voice. What is your idea? What do you think we should do? Is for a second. How come we're not having a reaction? It was a funny voice. Oh, I see. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless timeline. Like I said, starting out another war. In fact, where is the article about that is one I want to talk about, even though nobody in the Saudi and Skiphe's a crap and I'm wasting my time, but it makes me feel better like I'm doing something. Officials, there might be pretends for US terror attack. A threat of a terrorist attack on US swallows at a higher level than in previous months because of the possibility of impending military action against Iraq. US counterterrorism officials will see in any yesterday. The threat level is definitely up. Our guys have been told to act as if we've already bombed Iraq. One senior counterterrorism official told CNN. Government officials said they're concerned that Al-Qaeda Iraqi agents or individuals could launch an attack coinciding with US truck against Iraq. There has been debate about putting out an alert warning to actually raising national threat level, but the threat level remain at yellow or elevated sources told CNN. Sources say the FBI's watching closely a handful of people believe to be Iraqi intelligence officers in the US. It's part of the Bureau's effort to question many of the tens of thousands of Iraqis living in the US. There's also surveillance that least several hundred Iraqi nationals were thought to be supporters of Sodom. Sources say that since the 9th of an attack, the US has received constant intelligence about another major al-Qaeda assault, there's continuing fear of al-Qaeda painting weapons of destruction, but officials said there's no proof yet of terrorist organizations got them. If they get their hands on them, no doubt they'll use them. They see your official told CNN. We're holding our breath because of Iraq. You said they're holding their breath because of Iraq. So that's another great reason that we ought to go in there. Don't you think? Black. The hornets nest. Yeah. Get out of the goddamn room and whack the hornets at and see if they all come offline at us. Or not. Let's take a shot at it. In fact, Jimmy Carter's come. I probably should have read that thing because it made a lot of sense. I mean, we can keep him locked up. We can keep this surveillance on air. We can keep the international pressure on him for years and years and years. Why would worry about taking care of more dangerous and important things? Because as long as he's under surveillance, he's not going to get one hair on his lip out of joint. But I don't know. We don't want to do that because these plan, I mean, they come. This is the thing that's frustrating to me is they come right out and they tell a public, hey, we're going to play the war card. That was last January. That's 13 months ago. This is already been planned long since all the hocks. The Rumsfales and all these other right-wing lunatics. Wolfowitz is the whole crowd. The whole crowd from Bush 1 and Reagan. Oh, no, but look at this. Look at those tubes and look at those drawings and listen to that recording. But a guy went, we don't remember like that. Hide it. Move it. Eat it. We have agents that speak Arabic. One or two now. Better late than never. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. Change and lighten up the subject. Yes, sir. I saw a billboard on 95. Just out of Allen Dale for a, hey, gay male, chat line. And there's two hot guys there embracing each other. Yeah. And there is hope. Hope for what? I don't think there's hope for you. He saw a billboard for a gay hot chat line. So that means there must be hope. Go to you feel better now. Huh? I feel, no, about life in general. That we're not like being taken over by the far right because this guy was driving down there like by Allen Dale. And so a billboard advertising a gay hot, hot line. Hot, hot, hot gay. That's all a gay talk show host today. Did you really? Who was it? 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. They're out there. They're battling the spirit while the rest of you are like, Boo, Boo, Boo, Boo, Boo, Boo, just like that. I can't, I'm not going to, who the hell is? I can eat difference. They're just waiting. They're just waiting in the wings for their next round of lunacy. That's all they're doing. They've taken over. We had our Budless coup. And we got millions and millions of people too. But even realize that it happened right out of their nose. What? Exactly. Here's Hollywood. Hello. John, what? Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Oh, Fort Lauderdale. Yes, sir. Hello? Yes. Am I on? Are you in Fort Lauderdale? Yes. Sounds just like you. All right. I just wanted to make a couple points. I tend to agree with you. Even if you said, okay, Colin, you've got all this mysterious stuff. And you were assuming that there's hidden, yeah, explosives and mass destruction weapons. But there is, where's the end of the intimate threat? And that's why I know that. But I know. Here's these Democrats talking about it. There is an end there is no eminent threat. It's all well hidden. So what's the, why did we talk about eminent threat? Yes. You mean like North Korea? Yeah, Korea is. There are already called themselves a threat. So I tend to agree. There is no eminent threat. I don't see reason we should send there young boys in the gay guys. They don't have to go. They do say, I'm gay and they're not involved. Okay. Well, I'll tell that to the guy from Holland. They will just billboard. He's busy on the chat line right now. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, pound 5, 60, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. More than how did that day come from where did I let start? I think I am going to read the Jimmy Carter thing that sort of John and Miami facts to me. Because even though it probably should not say it came from Jimmy Carter. It would be more credible. Because I just, you know, like I said, he's come out with some very reasonable statements over the last few months. But the fact that it's coming from him kind of lessons the credibility if he catch my drift. Why did he get so bad? It kind of like when Greg Reid comes in and says, good morning. You know, it's just right off the bat. There's, you know, there's something wrong there. You know, I am talking to him. Well, why am I asking you? Why in local, we are sports radio 5, 60, 2, and 2, 8, and... This was the New Roger show. This is your boy. What? Any questions? Planning your next vacation? Looking for excitement and exotic locations? Then make your next pleasure trip a memorable one. Visit Palestine. Relax as you're dying and newly remodeled open air restaurant. Marvelous review of the Morning Sunrise from your open air hotel room. Experience the cultural differences between Israel and the world. The main Israel and Palestine, and that Israel again, all from the comfort of the local marketplace, as it changes hands each day. You'll be blown away. So plan your next excursion to the land of Enchantment. Palestine. We're just a stones were away from the Gaza Strip and the Gorg. Andrew? I'm the class. We're going up a big air stop. We'll hand Mad Gogga one hike from that ancient rock here being the senior reyenta of Al-Termit to rock her being three o'clock. We've got the Panthers in a penguins seven thirty night at any cave for the hockey game. Do you want Mark overnight? I'm thinking very seriously, you may be shocked when you hear the scooting Carlisce in there right now, because he would fall on the floor. I'm taking a go back to the bedtime stories. Okay. You're not shocked? Yeah, I'm shocked, I guess a little bit. What do you mean by that? I like it. No, not because when I don't get me wrong, this is a lot easier for me. You don't take hardly any of my time. I'll be aware that I get a few really good stories. I stick them in there. Give me the Carlos. We put them on the website. Good stuff on New York Times. Newsmax. God forbid news insider. That org. Stuff like that. But I just, I don't feel like it's productive. You know what I'm saying? It's just productive. I don't think you can do both anymore. I think that we've gone beyond that. You know, if one of the ten calls was something. I mean, what's the Pan at time and for many years we did it successfully. You know, you balance a few comments about what's going on in our world. Would like mostly fun games. But I just don't think you can do that anymore. And since we have to pan it ratings and get the already demographic here, that you know, those people are going to lose in the bedtime stories. So it's a real catch. Twenty two, you don't say. I don't. Like a punks that we're calling in on the Annette Wilson Saturday after the Columbia blew up. Wow, wow, was Howard Stern on board. I mean, what's the point? You think those people really care about what's going on in the world. Or had the intellect to like, uh, let it sink through to seep in to some point in a gray matter? I don't think so. No. I don't think they were punks though. Well, whatever the hell they were. They were the typical New York stereotype, whatever. Yeah. Turling blinds. Anyway, Jimmy Carter, a statement by President Carter and alternative to war. From last week, this is what he said, was overwhelming military strength not to put against him and with intense monitoring from space surveillance, anyone inspection team on a ground any belligerent move by Sodom against the neighbor will be suicidal. And ever to produce or any player chemical or biological weapons that are make the slightest move toward a nuclear explosive will be inconceivable. If a rack does possess such concealed weapons as this quite likely, Sodom would use them only in the most extreme circumstances in the face of an invasion ever rack when all hope of avoiding the destructive as regime is lost. Since it's obvious that Sodom who's saying has the capability and desire to build an arsenal of prohibited weapons and probably has some of them hidden within his country, what can be done to prevent the development of a real-arrior rocky threat? The most obvious answer is a sustained and enlarged inspection team. The plot is a permanent entity until the U.S. and other members of the UN Security Council determine that its presence is no longer needed. For almost eight years following the Gulf War until it was withdrawn four years ago, unskong proved to be very effective in locating and destroying your acts formative of a arsenal, including more than 900 missiles in biological and chemical weapons left over from their previous war with Iran. Even if a rack should come into full compliance, now set follow up monitoring will be necessary. The cost of an unsight inspection team would be miniscule compared to war, Sodom would have no choice except to comply. The results would be certain military and civilian casualties would be avoided. There'd be almost unanimous worldwide support and the U.S. could regain its leadership in combating their real threat of international terrorism. It goes without saying that there are many creative approaches to combating terrorism that are not on the current administration's agenda, but would need to be promoted by the rest of us. The U.S. Court has proposed to my class and I have to do it. And he's saying basically what all the other countries are almost all of the other countries in the Security Council are saying, what's the rush? Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Right. Dido. So even though it came from Jimmy Carter, maybe it just makes too much sense. Oh, he made the case. You're wrong. Me, you'll just look at those polls. Why did he have to grow a brain after his presidency? A little piece of one. Piece of brain. Maybe like I look a peanut. Here's plantation. Hello. Well, yes sir. First time my long time. Okay. Good talk you. The MSNBC, the labor broadcast with the assumption that the average viewer is like in first grade. Well, all of them never do that. This morning I'm watching and they're putting New York New York on like a satellite map as if we couldn't locate it. I'm just like Canada Vermont. That's because of this because of very frightening percentage of Americans can find it. We had that story on many, we couple months ago. It's unbelievable. And you used to be in San Pinedale. So actually you, uh, boarded Schwarzenegger, there's another written strong term by the way. Well, what in less for about five minutes? Right here, don't you? Putting a deli in Tampa is like putting a deli in Saudi Arabia. Not a good idea. Yeah, exactly. All right. All right. That was a great day, pal. What do you say? Five six seven, five six, the oh my god. Look at this. Wow. Wow. Wow. Dan, just calm down. There's a guy sending me a treatise on life. On, on, on, on pages and pages and pages. Oh, Dan. Dan. Like who in the world? I mean, I understand some of these people mean very well. Do you know what I'm saying? No. I don't mean there. Cut the crap, Dan. Okay. Jeez. Shameless, thanks request. Could you play the following Howard David drops in order? Uh, science stupid gay asshole. Well, almost, uh, oh, I see. Those are a bit. Ha ha ha ha ha. I thought it was either like he was signing it or maybe he was like putting a finger at me, huh? Well, not stupid. Five six seven, oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T. I think we did I say this just days ago. I think we reached like a turning point in our lives here. I mean, I could be wrong about that, but you asshole. Once you're taken Michael Jackson, he's the world's number one fruitcake 127. Oh, look at that. You dropped into third. David. He's a sick pedophile one nineteen. George Rodriguez is gay one oh six. Do you think free Republic would freeat that force? No. He blows and touches his music 43. He's weird, but I love his music 22. He's okay six. They only free pulls that have to do with the right wing against the lift wing. He's going to get the right wing against everybody else, you know? And of course, first and foremost, oh yeah, guns. They love their guns, man. Don't mess with their guns. But again, maybe it's good that these people are sitting there with their computers all day, did it all around because it keeps them off the street. Keep them out of your backyard and front yard too. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Got two things for you. One, I've got a question. Where do you get Nestle's turtlish cream? I heard you talk about, I can't find it. Can't open for one day. Can't have a scene through all. They don't have it in South Florida. Somebody called one day is, and she started to give me a sum of the dance, but I never heard anybody really find it. Okay. Well, then I got my buddy, Neil. We're on break from church right now, so we don't want anyone to know we're calling the pop and Neil. Okay. But the bill was at the hockey game last night, and once you talked to him, here he is. I'm from Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Did the Panthers suck down that at the least I did? The Panthers both. Oh, okay. I have to suck. Hey, do you hate us people that come down during the circle and sit down your seats? So watch the real game of hockey instead of open the schlepper seats? No, I didn't bother me. I wasn't there. We left after the second period of the game. It was over. I got a home in time to see the third period on TV. Do I have no problem? You guys hate us that come down there and sit in the good seats for a few minutes? What did I do? What did I just say? I guess not. I said, I don't. Are you listening to me or just talking to yourself? I'm talking to myself. I said, I'll never do it again. Don't ever do it again. What would have I said? See, this is what I'm talking about. Have a conversation. Am I not speaking clearly in our particularly? Do I have like much mouth today? I don't think so. I think I'm very clear. Clear to me, huh? What? What do I care what he's doing after I leave? There are arrow care fees like standing in the aisle standing on his head upside down. Pick it as nose and fling in it. What do I care? You care? No. Are we to no care unless of course he like messes. I see or something like that. And since I'm not coming back there for a very long time, what do I care anyway? I'm not going to go back to that. So the whole and one other thing I do want to mention, you know, I have suspected for a long time. I've mentioned this on the ear. Wayne High Pingu still, his name is still in the program. At the Panthers. So even though he sold the team supposedly, an Allen cone is the owner supposedly, at least in name. I think Wayne is still involved. He's got his finger in it. He's got his nasty testicles and tentacles in it. You know what I'm saying? Because the thin skinnedness and the hostility and just the all right all around not knowing how to treat the public. All the elements. Yeah. All the elements are there. The Wayne elements. And I think if they don't get with it, that franchise is going to be a few important expression. Post. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, see there you go without again. Yeah, I am going with that again. I think if people want to criticize what's going on, they don't like to treat or they think that Rick Dudley is an asshole. I think they would title to say that. And that's what I'm telling you. That's story we had before about the Dame Edith Guphala. What's going on in this country? What is going on here? Oh, tight. No, not just of tight, but I mean, you talk about losing freedom to express anything. It's got you. We're all supposed to go step in line. You see, I used to joke about that, but the problem is not a joke anymore. You have to go step right in line, Mr. Ritter. They're going to like come down and crap on your doorstep. And they're going to do anything under the power to shut you up. And that's what America has become totally intolerant, totally full of hate, totally a right wing. And if this is your idea of the land of the free and you want to wave the flag, get all goosey and patriotic, I'm sorry. I can't do that. I can't get enthusiastic about that. Because what used to be a great about this country is vanishing, it's disappearing right before people's eyes. And they're going, boom, boom, boom, like that. Let's go out and play some golf. Oh, that's where we got heck of the golf term, it's just afternoon for the old farts. Good exercise, you know, George. Yeah, great to like air out your vera coast veins. Put on where my ballwalkers are going to go. Check your shorts, you put on your shorts, and like kind of airs out your like, all of your parts, it's great. Good exercise. Where boxers of course. I want you to get to be 100 perfect for South Florida. Maybe that guy who's looking to the gay chat lines instead of instead of like being on the internet all day long, trying to desperately define somebody alive or close to it. Maybe you got to go out there and knock some balls around on a golf course. Box on 10 past 11 at 5 60 WQAM 5 670 560 pound 560 on a AT&T line. Have you ever been presented with an opportunity when you should have put a what or done something but didn't do it? There's an incredible fanty name mortgage rate out there at 3.45% and this rates available by calling financial group toll free 1 800 9 4053 63. If you were to compare a 7% rate with 3.45% you'd save yourself 3500 bucks in the first year loan for each 100 thousand dollars that you owe 100 thousand bucks cost you only 40 thousand dollars. Box cost you only 447 bucks a month. Here's an opportunity that won't last it's a 40 year low. So if you're thinking about refinancing or buying a home call financial group toll free 1 800 9 4053 63. The process is simple and the call is free 1 800 9 40 L E N D financial group has been an equal housing lender in the thousands of borrowers of the fanty may program. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are sub-dechanged if you wait too long 5.34 APR. Call financial group there's no obligation they'll explain to you how this works and save you a bundle of money call 1 800 9 40 L E N D 9 5 10 low ball this is 4 30 5 60 2 8 10 Nozoboss Hey stop it I'll forget I'm gonna check it out 3 to 7 and then 3 as a golfer You can see it has been hanging down he looks like a slaughtered now I keep the parts over the shelf But I need more my dogs than I've ever been a kid in doubt he has everything I need From his bladder to this clean he's hanging out in back on a freezer rack with his eyeballs frozen open It's so crazy but me has my guts and all the joke is Lip power perfect match for me in case my day gets broken It's all against our own mind and doesn't seem to mind a clone again That's really See it tip there the hole in my heart I'll have spare parts that I can't render when I disappear That's all I have to do I just need another day I feel my memory starting to fade I took a card midnight and super cool to write to my head now I have two brains Soaks in her ex-world thoughts with a couple of extra love It's such a luxury with all the money of pink and whatality What up your name he has no civil rights that's tied the dice He's into surfing me understand, so take his hands to end the blind get dirty He doesn't have much to say After all it's only DNA A clone again That's really A clone again That's really You might mention my name to Vice-Motion Curry 1116 at 5.60 That would be a QAM Might as well laugh we can't cry Jane is one of our regular fancies Says I can't call on it work I'm taking wrist-list fancy We're not the monitoring okay we're not tracing the Jane you're safe Of course who knows who might be She says these people calling you are more on zilly make more on zilly brilliant I'm certainly morning when I saw what happened and we had to call about this the other day But it's worth repeating Saturday morning when I saw what happened to Kulomeo was watching Dan rather on CBS He took the call from a guy claiming to have day brain is backyard And then the guy said it's Baba Boise tooth Rather unaware that it was a hopes when I questioned and then the guy said you're an idiot Then they cut him off Talk about mentality it makes me worry when I'm an elevated and crowded place And this guy next to me is he one of these jerks and sadly odds are he is Forest sterilization now is Jane Oh In the New York Times 2303 a couple days ago three days to be exact NASA dismissed advisors who warned about safety didn't we have that on our website that story which I gave you as we Yes Dr Richard Blomberg told Congress last April Bloomberg but he spells it bad I've never been worried as worried for the spatial safety exam right now All my instincts suggest that the current approach is planning the seeds for future danger He along with seven others were dismissed Fired audio watches they sweep this mess under the rug she said Our national news is really serving the public an hour long program on Michael Jackson I'm going to puke says Jane she's broken and don't forget which is the reason I just play that alone again Think how about let's get the a really insundering in for some more airtime I've put another Michael really in press conference on there so if you can see Michael is one of theirs and they're taking him back home Oh really good we'd be pay for that we take a progression for that 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon You understand to be stop open stack of everyone wireless line Here's a call from sunrise hello. Yeah, I mean yes, sir. Do you ever see the Miller like that fight at Can't fight yet on a football game decision will girls or ribby brothers brought them to the broad and tanny No, never saw that Well, for the American family association all these Christian groups are putting a network pressure on a network to take it off We're going to show it on a TV shows. Oh, gee There's a cable version of his a with it's one girl built to the other let's make out It's all a fun playboy. Do you have any idea how many how far back we've turned or clocked out? I wrote about the dark ages never go back pre-1950 They really go over the like lesbian stuff in this ad because I think a Christian man shouldn't like to watch that stuff George would love this at Tom playboy dot com. He's seen a hundred times. He's watching a right You see that it's on there He's watching this calm down. You sound a little bit of hypersundly. He's got himself all worked up Well, I've got my birthday change 567.0560 pound five 60 on it. Let me ask you one thing. Yeah. Have you seen it? Not lately. Here's Cooper City hello Cooper City is gone. Oh, there he is. Yes, sir. Hello. Hello. Yeah, I got two questions For you. Yeah, number one is that do you like your winners? Come up with some new questions. Okay. We know man. Come up with some new questions. I'm like a loser Me not a winner. Come up with some new ones and call us back in about five ten years If the world is still spinning around Here's any old starts out. I've got two questions. Here's coconut creak. Hello and never answer the second. Kelly on Gonzalez is a packet. You're right. Okay. You animated guy. What is it? The animated guy at least he was all at least he was both up to the enthusiasm about something right. Here is a Del Rey B. Chillow. I feel like I don't get in now. I'm never going to get in because you get any more call like that. They'll never be another call again. Yeah, it could be. You're getting close man. I'm getting around on the edge. I don't blame it. It sucks if that's the way it's going to happen probably end up being the best. Were you listening when I was doing bedtime stories or not? Yeah, yeah. I don't like it though. Didn't like it. The problem is that there's no interaction. It's just you reading the story and there's really no way people can respond. You have those interaction George goes like that and you're going to make story like that. Yeah, like a studio. How about if we had trained monkeys in the background making those our senior sounds, you know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I probably. I mean, I hate the family. You might have the screen calls. You know, carefully to get people that are going to say something. Oh, brother. I'm only going to send us time for about a hundred years. If you really believe that. I know George who have to work if he did that. Yeah, I want to work. Hey, you know, George made the parallel. He doesn't get paid enough to work. George made the parallel to the hornets nest thing. You know, about Iraq. And I find it so interesting that it's so true if you think about it. You know, Well, if you got a big hornets nest in your backyard, right? What's the way you're going to deal with it? You got a couple options. You know, if you leave it alone, just tell it. It's sick there. Once in a while, they're going to come out and sting you. Not down a couple of buildings. Both of the people up. But if you exterminate the whole thing drop a new. Is an example right in the middle of that. And say, look, this is it because you don't do it that way. It's never going to go away. You go over there. You're going to open the new in the middle of Baghdad and kill five million people. I didn't attack us. Oh, I know. It's the only way is to kill five million people in the Baghdad. I don't know. We don't do anything. It's going to come back to buy this in the ass. We go over there and start a war. It's never going to end. So we're going to nuke Baghdad is what you're saying. That's your answer. What's the other option? Let me ask you. Did we when we had the Cold War going into there? We nuke Moscow? No, but what happened with the Japanese? Did the Japanese attack Pearl Harbor has Iraq attack us? Has there been any attack by the Iraqi people? Yes. If you look at it. What was it? You look at it in the overall context of the people. No, I'm not talking about it. Don't give me double talk. Come on. Let's get serious. What was the attack? What did Iraq attack the United States? There was no actual attack. Okay. Thank you. But we don't care. Oh. Five, six, seven, five, six, deep. I mean, what's the point? How do you deal with somebody like that? Let's drop a nuclear weapons on Baghdad and kill five million people. Well, that's the only way. Then I say that yesterday. Let's just blow up everybody that we don't like. Everybody we think might be a threat someday. North Korea, Iran, Iraq, Syria, Libya, Sudan. Everybody who could be a threat. People were talking about liberating from an evil dictate. Come on, the guy we talked to yesterday. So let's go after France and get them and then Germany after that. Let's just kill everybody who's not American and then we'll start looking inside. Let's say they'll reward one of us. We're not sure about a lot of us against everybody. You know what they say? You understand the stop-out in the track of everyone. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon. And we do understand. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. When is this? No, speaking English. Sorry. Here's a call from Medley. Hello. Meal. Yes, sir. Two things. Number one is you're 100% correct about the Panthers. Organization. No customer service. Right. I mean, they're just praying dead. I mean, they even from dealing with incredible life, which they own out here. You just don't, you just wouldn't believe how bad they are with us. No, they're just not fan friendly. They don't give it back. I saw a saw the rotten eyes again last night. They did, you know, they talk a good game, but they just don't care. They put a real good dog and pony show over the weekend with the all-star game. Thanks to the help of the league itself and all the other people are came in. But when we get back to our regular games and the handful of fans who by the show them up anymore, it's a sad situation. Well, Neil, airport story. I know you fly. I don't know if you fly out of Fort Loderdale. That's, that's, that's the last week I fly to New York. So I go through security, right? And I, you know, put all my stuff on the felt. I go through the metal detector and after you get through the metal detector, there's like two ways you can go. One way is if you made the metal detector go off the other way, of course, you pass go and you go right through. Well, there was nobody standing there, so I walked through the little, the way to go to, uh, the metal detector went off. And I go to the end of the belt to pick up my stuff that went through the machine. The guy said to me, oh, well, what were we going to make it served? Did you just shut off the metal detector? And I said, no, no, I didn't. Oh, okay, go ahead. I swear, God, then, then they're coming to some other people and two or three other people walked through. And they said, well, hey, the Houston off the machine. And there's no, and they walk right through. Well, I see that all the time. I'll see that they get sidetracked with, with one bag that's arrived, first it like, well, what is that? And then in the meantime, the other bags are going through it. And they're not even looking at them. The people are supposed to be scanning, you know, they're not even looking at them. Unbelievable. So, you know, I mean, I could have told them, no, had something in my shoes or whatever. And there you go. So, I feel safe. I don't know about that. You'll be placed in, though, that I must look like very dangerous guy because I would say more often than not, they check me open up your belt, take off your shoes. That's I must look like a really dangerous guy. So, I don't worry about me. I'm safe. It really reaffirms my, uh, my belief in the, uh, and the whole new system that we have. Okay, I'm not passport. See ya. Passport control. Maybe let's control it. Squeeze it, funnel it, grab it. Make sure it's not going to respond anytime soon. I'll see there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon. That's kind of like a, uh, oxymoron. Isn't it airport security? Yeah. I mean, I've been telling you that since, uh, and I love it happened, since they started opening airports again, four days or whatever was after with the login pony show. National guard guy standing around, you know, didn't mean anything. Still find it box cutters on planes and all kinds of crap. I mean, it made me it's better than it was in the months afterward, but is it, uh, it's not, not what it really should be. And in the meantime, the airlines are still going bus day by day. Odeer, Lord. 26 past 11 at 5, 60 WKOM. Guys, what women really wanted Valentine's Day is for you to put a little thought and creativity into your gift. This year, I express you yourself in a fun and original way and say with a Vermont teddy bear. Just call 1-800-2-9 Bear and a friendly bear counselor will help you choose from over a hundred beers handcrafted in Vermont and delivered in a colorful gift box with a free card and chocolate. Tell her she lights your fire with a new burn love bear dress like a hunky farm and would love to add to one his arm or say I'm wild about you with the jungle love bear. They've even got an officially licensed love me tender Elvis bear. Sending a Vermont teddy bear is as creative and personal alternative flowers as ever you heard up and the bear of course will be around long after Valentine's day to remind her of her. Unlike flowers which are dead in the matter hours. Sending a bear to the office or her co-works can see just how thoughtful and romantic you're pretending to be. Over night in Valentine's day delivery guaranteed so call 1-800-829-Bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com. This year, say it with a Vermont teddy bear for Valentine's day be sure and tell that old Crestineel told you to call 1-800-829-B-E-A-R. I am not an assay. Mr. President, I'm curious so far. Thing you're most pleased about. I wanted to reduce arsenic and drinking water. I'm not friendly toward the environment. Biggest mistake made so far. We're not going to let it come to an effect. I want to spend the people's money. I want to do one final question. Mr. President, do we yet know how sick is the heart of Dick Cheney? Well, we know that he is, I know that he's, as they say, I wear a seat and check that. Lost cause. You're on the heart of 30. 1131-560-WDQM-Happy Thursday to inspect all of these things. I'll be wanting to do this for a little smile on your posts, isn't that what it is? Pills smile on your posts. WL and Delroy, who's a chronic fact. But obviously, you know, I've got my cue larger than his big toe. He says, please give President Carter some foreign negotiations credit for his work in 395. Helping stay off the current problems when most of the US follow the OJ verdict. And can't David Acord was just established a lasting so far piece between Israel and Egypt. Admittedly, the hostage crisis in the 80 Olympic board conference, muscles of Soviet invasion of Afghanistan were less than successful. But hey, the hostage crisis gave us nightline. I'm actually 10. Kabul is thankful to Jimmy Carter and I never thought about that. And whoever gave me that awful mouthy hairpiece. Also, WL says, have you got any war songs to play like Edwin Star and Ward, the clash in Rock the Cosba, you too, and Sunday bloody Sunday, the Gath band. You dropped the bomb on me. War, why can't we be friends? Trouble, funk dropped the bomb. Battle him into the Republican freedom plane, bring him back alive. I'll be looking in there for music now, just because I've just read them. You know, I just found the Gath band the other day. Did you really? Yeah. We're in a gap. Here's a fact that says, Neil, you were talking about the security or lack of it at our airports. It pisses me off that I have to pay a search opportunity to get to the government and hire way too many studios who stand around and bullshit me to each other while items of concern are being passed around to their noses. Did you ever notice the number of white shirt and TSA employees at the checkpoints? They're literally tripping over one another and being paid handsomely with our search charges and taxes just by their own sheer numbers they create confusion. That's a good point. There's so many of those guys standing around that it's difficult to tell who's the TSA people who the past years are, which is why, you know, it's every time they say somebody slept through and they couldn't find them and they never do. They never find them. Just by their own sheer numbers they create the confusion and tension that version that the perpetrator see here out their mission you can't complain about the security because there is none thanks to Tomorrges overkill and that's Glenn who's under 100 Lakeland. Glenn in Lakeland, you'll know they're Glenn. I knew when Lakeland was and what happened to the cackle by the way? Well that's where you must stay out there. Not around here. You did it. I think he stole it because he hated the words. What are you talking about? Use one. The cackle. Not here. The cackle lives on. We do have the bill Marshall cackle. Let's bring back Joey Reynolds. Can we can have the guy with the eyes and Bill Marshall can come back. Laugh at all those really hysterical jokes that Joey used to tell in here that fresh new comedy. We're going to have Russell Wases guessed it on a show. Talk about those great ad agency screaming spots will Joey be begging him for a job. Yes. No, he'll be begging me to go after somebody else and get him fired. Anybody else just to get him a job. Like we can scud for example. Get out of here, Bill. You idiot. Do I ever meet him? Bill Marshall. I don't know. Like Nixon would say, I can't remember. I don't recall. I did. You have pill art. That's right. We used to report out that show. That's that's sad. No one you've hit. George was doing fine until he did the original show. No, it wasn't. Please no calls. These morons are killing us. Is a William. We turned your show for some relief from these idiots who surrounded and saw Florida. Well, we sure are surrounded aren't we? Oh man. That's our mental name in South Florida. Five six. Five six seven. Five sixty pound. There is our leader. Our fearless leader. Clarence just open up the door. He's got George's stub. And his hand right now. Monday. Don't forget his payday. Which I know I'm counting on you. It'll be great to come in Monday and see your smiling face. It's always good to see Clarence early in the morning. He's in there monitoring in his room. Monitoring the moan. Gildy show. Sing what he can do to improve it. And Monday is going to have my check. Why? Why you won't have it at that hour. But just keep that in mind. Ha ha ha. Listen. Around here. It's always a good idea because it has occasionally happened that all it's split their mind. You don't say. It's just forgot about it. And then they'll get a career to send it over. And it'll be there that afternoon or maybe the next day or maybe a couple of days later. So I just always mentioned that. It's getting ready for payday. And look at the look on the port Carlos's face. A look of Terra. Wow. So you got that check that stuff mail. Do that one time. It's on a way. No. I don't didn't you find out it was in the mail truck that was out here on the other one. I'll probably see that splines it loose. She was just going to drop it by here and then they were going a little bit too fast. I guess when they went by she went throughout out the window. Return to sender. But Carlos when I started talking about the paycher's being like boy, he just because he has stretched it as far as he can. And the check to. And it didn't go very far. So if you spend five bucks a pack of packets like you know, somebody like you can't afford the smoke. Don't you understand that? You know how much weed he could buy with the cigarette. No, I'm serious for getting about whether it's good for you bad for it. And that I mean, forget about that coming from a fat old the queen like me. But the fact that a matter is a guy in your position can't afford to smoke cigarettes. Unless you got somebody to supply them for you. And maybe we got some wealthy people around here would like to, you know, buy a bunch of packets. Who do we have here? It's got a lot of cash. I'm not, I'm not buying no packets. Not this kid. No way Jose. Well, there's Greg. Tough clearance. Ray, he got a lot of cash. He'd buy him sales right. Heartnut, you know, the sale clearance could help. I'm sure their clearance is making big bucks. Now he's got that office in there. Don't you think they can get him a real desk. He's still sitting at that particle board. Particle board desk they got for a month after I'd to embarrass them into a big boy back in a good old day. Yeah, but he's got some crates arranged around it. So there's more surface. Is that what it is? Yeah. It's great. I see. It's great to be in the Sunshine State. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT and T line. We're just following our way along. Trying to decide which direction we want to go into. You know what I mean? Which direction we want to go straight ahead? Off the little to the left? Maybe a little bit to the right. There you go. What a great idea. Let's turn into a right wing show. I don't care if this boy's not going to change anything anyway. I don't know. Put that freaking laran ass right out of business. Sure. Get all those creepers on our side. Then we can start keeping everybody else's pool. What do you say? Let's start seeing in Deutschland, Oberollas right away. Okay. Yeah. Let's get all those damn cutten bits out against. Start ripping on Bubba was his fault. Whatever it is, it's. Oh. Oh. That's something to think about. Our pool. What's your eye? I'm on to change the pool. At noon. Is that going to get Eric up set? We really don't care. Help me able to handle it. Even though it is the middle of lunchtime. Lunchtime firm starts at about 9.30. It goes till 2. Afternoon snack time starts at 205. But anyway, he'll not be able to handle it. But I've let's do a pool on the calls now. Because we've been back on a calls. It's the October of Embrity'scember. A long time. Huh? Like about five months now. We're four and a half months. Whatever it's been. I think we need to find out. Because I'm, I don't know. I'm tempted. We, you know, occasionally, like you said, like maybe one out of very 500 is a pretty good call. We had like, what, one today? One. Two or three? I don't know. I can't remember. I think we're going to change that pool starting in an hour. I'm doing the next break. Feverously. And then we'll let Eric know when we're good and ready. Here's for a lot of day. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Yes. I'm a long time listener for over 20 years. And this was like the second time I've called. Okay. And I just want to let you know. Your show is sounding so much better. I'm a radio junkie. So much better since way. Well, I've listened to it from your days when you're on FM. And the time period that for me was really stagnant was when you were away. And George did the best he could do. But when you would get on and just read commentaries and that take calls. It was I was I have conservative views and I've never actually. I've never called up to you know, argue with you anything like that. But you wouldn't take calls or take other opinions. You just read from the New York Times. Yeah. And you just got boring. And you wouldn't take. I like, you know, I agree with it. And it's why I stopped doing it. Well, it sounds so much better you're doing this. And I have to admit you said that in December you had people that got arbitrom books that attacked you. I was one of them. First time I've ever gotten a book and it was in December. One of the little. I had one week to record all the calls and I really wasn't listening that much because it was getting to the other point. But I wanted to know what you didn't put down any time that you were listening to. What's your saying? I would listen. I would listen if you were reading the New York Times. I can't say if I would switch off to another channel. But when I got the book, I nailed you. And I put other shows that listen to it. I really wasn't listening to that. I was on on the words if I don't agree with your politics. Even if you're listening, you're going to know. No, I'll listen as long as you'll say calls and let people at least give their point of view. But when you were just reading one point of view and you went with anybody called up to respond. You know, I like you have a lot of funny things like with Mo, you have the Larry Mo thing. But you know what this is starting to sound an awful lot like is this series of calls we've had over these last few months. Since the right wing is going into a feeding frenzy of as long as you don't talk about politics. I'll listen and I'll help you out and I'll write you down in the diary. And y'all do y'all do y'all. So in other words, I have to adopt either a right wing view or just not discuss it at all. We're also even like a sandbag. It's like you just got through explaining to me. No, as long as you let a person with conservative views at least give them a point of view. But let me say this to you. We don't get conservative people. You have a point of view. They come on here. They on the ear. Make personal attacks. They don't articulate an opposite point of view. And then they accuse me of not listening to people in a opposing point of view. Like they got to call yesterday about you. Fagged you a hateful attack. I mean, it was just obnoxious. That's not expressing a different point of view. Is that what conservative is it means now? No, someone's like that. You have no problem cutting them off. But I have a lot of knowledge because I watch the TV read. I do a lot of this stuff. I sometimes hear points of view that you're saying is not completely accurate because you're just reading from one source. And I'm just going crazy. Listening to it. I can't give my point of view. I don't call up radio. But you said you've only called me now twice in 20 years. I called you when I was like 18 years old. Right. Years ago. Right. Talking about some. You know, if you don't call to give me an alternate point of view, then what am I supposed to do about it? Just when I hear you sometimes talking to other, some people will make a point will make a good point of view and you'll play something and just kind of cut them off. And I just like to. Both sides of the story. I understand you have your point of view. You're not going to change my mind. I'm not going to change yours. You mean, like you're going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. Yeah, right now it's perfect. I'm just saying when you go back to not taking calls and reading New York Times is boring. Okay. Now it's good. How about a hard read from my income? Just a joke. No, no, no, no. Okay. Okay. Keep up. Good work. I understand what he's saying. He does want me to talk about my viewpoint. 19 till noon at 5.60 WQM snow in Miami. Well, ain't that cold. It's a long chilly side of night. But Tom Lemon and Joe Prieto are buried up to their armpits up to their noses in cars and vehicles. We said, hello, Pontiac. So many of them may have no place to stick them. Even Tom Lemon had to park cars in his driveway so they would love to place one in yours in your garage. How about slowing out the all new vehicles? Regardless of profit including the Pontiac vibe starting only 13,999 and up to 5 grand off on every GMC on boy and stock. Plus get 0% finance. You're up to a $3,000 rebate. You know something I'm so excited now. I feel like squeezing myself. You know what? I'll tell you why I'm doing the break. Of course, have a sauce. What? I'm just I'm very excited. Yeah. You've worked. I've had an epiphany. How let's got a tremendous selection like they always do a just a sea of great dependable use cars, trucks, and SUVs for you to choose from. And you don't have to worry about having a deal cut for you either because even if you have marginal credit maybe you had a couple of like you know. Maybe you had a whole bunch of maybe you're a deadbeat but they still will get you a deal cut. They're not they're not the kind of snooty people. All the car dealers are who just don't want to get you a deal done. It's the winter blizzard emergency clearance. Aaron's going on right now to place that's an institution and that same joint for over 35 years. The same great location. 134.1 South Dixie Highway that's US run across from the falls and Halle Paniak is open every day of your life seven days a week except Christmas day. As always, save you to more when you mention my name. Call right now the Neil Rogers Neil Deal Hotline tool free. 1-Trival 8-534-40-2111. 1-Trival 8-534-40-2111. I guarantee it. I'll treat you right when you do your car shopping and Halle. Halle Paniak GMC who be professional grade. 5-5-6-5-60. 3-0-0-0. 1-Trival 8-5-6-60. 3-0-0-0-0. 3-0-0-0-0. 3-0-0-0-0. 3-0-0-0-0. 3-0-0-0-0. 3-0-0-0-0. 3-0-0-0-0. 3-0-0-0-0. 3-0-0-0-0. 3-0-0-0-0. 3-0-0-0-0. 3-0-0-0-0-0. 3-0-0-0-0-0. 3-0-0-0-0-0. 3-0-0-0-0-0. 3-0-0-0-0-0. 3-0-0-0-0-0. 3-0-0-0-0-0. 3-0-0-0-0-0. 3-0-0-0-0-0-0. 3-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0z Chrome-T-0-0, operating Muslim Groom chimpanzee seasons Gokutht 2-SNS Is that MS or MS? I'm going to educate him entertainment tell people a truth venture, asset it and he hopes to show a track to sort of young people who help them get elected 1998, but who may not be paying much attention to politics these days? See that we go again with that. The average viewer who watches MSNBC or CNN or Schloss News are ready to those is about 100? Right, 94 plus. Ventura said he didn't know what day the show began hearing or who is first guest will be, said it'll be on five nights a week and probably start within a month. The announcement will surprise few news of the show leaked out months before and that tonight show website listed MSNBC is the reason for Ventura's visit. But Ventura who had a radio talk show before running for governor, then his best to create his own hype. I don't know if they're ready for me, he growl to leno. If there's one person that can get MSNBC off the air, you're looking at it. The cable channel, Sickener Reverse, a fall in the ratings against rivals Fox News channel, and CNN, a highly publicized return to TV by Phil Donnoew, has not attracted many viewers. MSNBC spokesman Alan Winacoff had no comment about Ventura's show, Ventura didn't say where the show will be based earlier reports said the mall of American Blumentin has been scouted as a possible location. He's scouting malls while Mickey is scouting CEOs. Leno by welcoming Ventura back in the show business warrant and you thought politics was sleazy. Ventura said, let her watch out, go out and check what you thought was your parking spot. He said, ha ha. How do you like that? Hey, here's Don and Laterhill. There wrote me about this and about that in the world and the stuff happens and Bush did this. Okay, Don got it red it. Okay. Whatever. I don't have time to be melty, especially this other guy that sent me this face at twice. The one that was about 8 million pages there, you're going to read it twice? Yes. In the turlet. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. So let's change that pool. What are you saying? Huh? I mean, who cares about Frick and Michael Jackson? We got 505 votes on there and I'm embarrassed for that. I mean, we put it out there for you to vote on. And of course, the fact we let you pick on George again, let he like that. And we, you're awesome. A great fit of gratitude for that. George volunteered for that yesterday. He said he can't let he can take it. He's got big broad shoulders. 505 votes. What's your take on Michael, while he's compared to Carlisce. He's got big broad shoulders. Compared to Carlisce and Maddie Bell. He's the world's number one fruit cake. No, not Maddie Bell, Michael Jackson, Maddie my feet number two or three. Number and 56 votes for Michael Jackson, the world's number one fruit cake. 146 studies a sick pedophile. George Rodriguez is gay, 122, which has nothing to do with anything. They just like saying that. He blows and so does his music. 49. He's weird by a lot of his music, 23. And he's okay. Okay. Nine said that about Michael Jackson. And a clock tonight on ABC on 2020. And if you'd buy that Brit, what's the name again? Michael Bashar. Bashar. Bashar. Do you hear? Do you hear a Donald Bashar? From the Philadelphia Flyers? Briscuit. Can you remember, Donald Bashar got whacked in the head by what's his name? The, what was his name? The former defenseman, Marty, Marion. Marty, I can't think of his name. Now that's bad as a bad sign. Marty, who? I don't know. Marty, have that? Anyway, Marty Mcsourley. Marty, just for that, Marty Cone. Yeah, he did it. Marty Mcsourley, okay. See you. So, let's take a couple of seconds. Out of sight out of mind, he's old hockey players that whack eyes in the side of the head. Here's the new pool, okay. You were writing this down now. We're going to pass this along there. I can fix it to him. Is that a difficult question, or? Uh-huh. I'm thinking about the food right now. You know what I had there. What? What? It's almost a bullet. It's almost new. I dodged the bullet. I went home. My blood shirt was only 182. That's why you're very lucky. But does that mean? I eat good stuff. Thanks again to our friends at Corkeys. Did they add other food to Hank? Do we know we're not? We don't know. Well, that's fine out from somebody who was in the building. I bet you'd definitely have to. Of course we would know if they delivered food to Hank, which I'd date them well better. He's going to be pissed off. Because they delivered food to Mo and Gellie, who didn't even know it was coming. I mean, they enjoyed it. I'm sure we ate most of it. But nevertheless, and my good fat friend, Zach, and I always tell you he was a good guy, Zach. He is a good guy. Every time they get food from how he's, we love you, how he's wherever you are. He now he asks me like this morning. You want him? Why I think I grilled cheese on a whole week? Yep, there was. He asked me. He was a friend Robert, brought it into me. He co-sured it in the sack before he brought it in. He said my sack is kosher. I said, I don't want to see it, Robert. Please. Oh, he brought me in my sandwich, which I thought was very nice. Don't be smurking like that. Let's start. That's a big fat guy, and I'm a fat guy, not as big as he is, but us fat people we stick together. Zach is great. He isn't going to miss it. I sure hope he watches his back. Watch your back, Zach. Are you on coulda be with Mo? No, Mo. No, Mo. See, I just want to keep singing that. Catchy. How about those songs? Get in your mind. You don't even start singing in the shower. You know, over and over. Yeah, do we do that? And then there's I like that one a lot. Tomorrow morning in the shower, I'm going to be going. I love it. I think that's what he hopes I do. I die. Yeah. Maybe, but not soon, Mo. Anyway, what am I right and down? What's your, how do we do this? Take phone calls? Now, what's your take? Take this. We're going to have to start getting a better cuisine in here from now on. The stuff that doesn't get my irritable bowel work dropping those big floaters. You know, I just, I can't deal with that. What are you laughing about? Those are the ones that burn. You're a field of layholders. No, no, no. Okay. No, not recently. That's that. I'm over that burn stuff. By the way, burn last year from burn steak. I was he still dead. That'll teach him not to give me a freebie. You know, I don't teach him. Now people across me. I've noticed that in my life. People across me, very many of them, eventually they might up with a bitter end. You too. Yeah, and also George is same thing. If you mess with your pee on George's parade, something evil eventually happens to. I have a car. What is he doing? Why is he giving you the, oh, he's crossing me. Did you see him cross me? Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Why can't he just said you number uno? Is what he's saying? Okay. Let's get serious. Let's quit diddler on your wife and having a lot of important phone calls here. Like that call on Wellington, which is how we're real, loser. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm glad Neil, first of all, you're going to the most articulate guy I've ever heard of the radio. So, yes, I am. I wanted to get that out of the way. Well, then how come somebody's people don't understand what I'm saying? Like the guy who asked me about my hockey seats. I have no idea. They must be morons for going. I got a question. Since Israel lately doesn't give a crap, but we tell them one way or the other. I die. Yeah. What are they going to do if we go in there? I mean, what's the stop them from lobbing nudes over to? To sit out? There's nothing to stop them. I believe we they're out lobbing nudes and we tell them until we give them the green light. Well, they say when I want that $2 billion year, we keep hand it over like candy. $2 or 3 billion, whatever it is. The way I look at it, they didn't listen to us from the last time that they sat on their ends the last time. Right. I fear they're not going to sit on their ends of time. Well, I mean, in all the pens, what happens? I mean, if we go in there, which we will be doing sometime in the next few weeks, we go in there and start attacking Iraq then. There's a very great possibility this time that somebody or a balloon six are. We'd even have a feeding frenzy in Israel. But of course the question at that point becomes, who do they attack? Well, if we're there, see what I'm saying? Absolutely. Now, if he starts lobbing scuds, which I don't think is the same as he's got any. But if he relabbed scuds at them again, I don't think they would sit back like they did before. But he's not having any. I hope not. Not that we know of yet. Not that we know of yet. I hope he does. I saw those cartoons. I'm more I'm more scared about what he's got. I think what he's got is you got pictures of scuds. I'm more concerned about what Israel's going to do than what we're going to do. Why is that? I think they're too busy doing more illegal settlements. They don't have a problem disregarding anything that you have. You know, it's interesting though when you're calling the policy under yesterday talking about how they're Iraq is in violation of the UN resolution. And I keep taking back. I mean, I know that they're crazy all the way around over there in the Middle East. But how many of you in resolutions is Israel as we're sitting here right now in violation of. About six thousand? Absolutely. And have a great day. All right. He's worried. See, I mean, what me worry? If it's good enough for the president, he's got that. What me worry. Look on his face. Why? Yeah, I think we're going to go right wing just for a few weeks. I used to spew that rhetoric. Yeah, that's a lot of rhetoric. Turn up. Turn up. Turn up. Hey, it's no now. I mean, we don't want to turn over to rush those right. There's a way for the right to reach to. So rest of people know we're just fun. Well, wouldn't that be great? Funnions? I think we ought to like start campaigning guns for everybody's exercising our second men rights. Don't you? Guns and vibles. That's open a shop. You know, the ones in sons, guns and roses. Combination gun shop and flower store. I want them. Those are these guns and rosaries. Get some good ground religion and a few well pansies in there too. Well, you know, the counterchurch. I got a few pansies. Now, how are we out? We're just doing a break about the occals. What's your choice? What's your take? What's your problem? Huh? Oh, you know, I'm saying I like to show better with the calls. The way the way the way it is now. Then let's do it. The way we were. Let's play some barber stress and music. Hey, that bitch. She makes me knock. See, I must be getting right. I don't like barber stress and anti-summit. Cross nize. I just don't like the cross nize thing. I don't like her nose. I don't like her music. I can't stand her acting. She's dressed as really cool. I think she ought to butt out. I don't like it when singers like her. I mean, like, who do I want to take her seriously anyway? Let me say it again. Both parties suck. That's not. I'm not sucking up. I said that for how long now for a long time. And watching the Democrats just roll over and play dead yesterday after Grub, Roland Cole and made his speech. Ted Kennedy. Barbara. I mean, I'm in fine Stein. Barbara Billingsley. Few bull month. My god. So Biden. Even the beef. What is his real name? Joe Biden. Remember that? I give up when he was going to run and now. Why do you change your name? Ah, well, I forgot. Shut up. I mean, that doesn't make some big difference. Who do that? Lyr. 157. 560 WQM. Listen, I mean, if you got a bad name, he's not a radio star celebrity. I can't stand people that change their names. Grani shoes believe it not as celebrating their 25th year in business. Boy, that's a long time for a little independent family shoe store to be around. Let's not so little anymore. They've grown like Thompson. Nearly a quarter century. They've been doing a lot of things right. Like offering the public a fantastic, unbeatable slugs to events and women's shoes. Famous brands like Rockport's Echoes, Mufisto, Timberland, Clark's S.A.S. floor shymen lots more. They've got a wide range of sizes, whether they got teeny tiny feet or big ones. They've got a big one like Tom Welling, sizes 6 to 15 in men's and women's 5 to 12 shoes. And which from the very narrow to the very wide, like big foot. And don't forget their professional sales staff. I'll up your pick out the right styles. And then you sit down and fit those shoes to your individual feet with them too to give your friendly personal service. No matter what your feet smell like. And with over 40,000 parents stock in their 8,000 square foot mega store. You're almost never here. Sorry, Mr. We don't have your size in that style. So when you need shoes, this is the place to take your feet brandy shoes to or where there's always a sale of special sales promotion going on. Brandy's a great place to shop for you. And by the way, they got a special this week that I got over here. You'll find Brandy's at 1290 North Federal Highway, open daily 9 to 9 Sunday, 10 to 5. And all this week, it Brandy's men's and women's very boat shoes are on sale. See, what a great memory I got because I knew the one. Because that's Troy, you know Troy. Troy the boy. He's got a little life challenge, Troy Stratford. All this week, if Brandy's men's and women's very boat shoes on special sale American originals are 4990. All of those spurious styles, 20% off this week. Right now, I come speaking at Brandy's in Pomponobie. We're sports radio 560. Oh, you a m. This state Goldstein, but you can call me down. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to way to finish. I am in town. It's the 12 to 1 hour. No, how the Clinton spent their first night in Chepaclo. I'm getting honey. No, I'll get it. Don't worry about it. Come on. I'm coming. I'm coming. I'm coming. I'm coming. Well, hello Mr. President. I'm Sarah Rubin. Yes, you are. Yes, my family lives in the Victorian house, across the street. I'm so very nice house and you have very nice legs. Well, thank you, Sarah. And welcome to our little town of Chepaclo. Hope you family will enjoy living here. I think I will. My daughter, Amanda, and I have built this little welcome to the neighborhood. It's her family recipe for brand-out the upside down cake. I like to take your pineapple. Anyway, I'm so bad. I'm so sorry. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Thank you, Mr. President. Oh, my mom! Just a lady from next door. That's all. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I said, I'll get it. Just sit down and shut up. Wait, please. Now, they're a bunch of dogs. I can't believe it. Well, hello. Hello, Mr. Clinton. I'm Elaine Crick. Can you keep your voice down? Are you the escort? I'm no Sarah. I'm sorry, Mr. Crick. It's a quick, not new you've worked. I just wanted to welcome you to the neighborhood. Well, the escort's not here yet, if you want to jump on a little Charlie. I'm no Sarah. All right. Well, I'll sleep later, I will. Oh, whatever you're doing with me. No, just another neighbor. You never make some food or what? Oh, sweet, Jesus. Jesus, doorbell's going crazy. Oh, I'm getting out of here. Great Caesar's ghost. I'm really, it's me, Monica. Good. Got all money. What do you think of mine? You're buying? What are you doing here? Well, I bought that house next door with my kitty, Craig money. Oh, my God. We'll be seeing a lot of each other in the year 2000. No! Yes. 12.03.05.60. Thank you. I'm happy Thursday too. So, okay, the pull on Michael Jackson is basically like you to expect. I mean, there's no surprise on them out there, right? Everybody thinks he's a scumbag and a pedophile and a piece of crap. And he just plain sucks when we wish he go away. We wish he'd take the radians and leave us. Maybe could happen. He could bark hard spaceship. Now that they got the octagon back and the key. The key, they got the key. The brand new key, like with Melanie. Here's the new pull. What, we got that? Subword. And we don't got it. Oh, you mean the actual song? Oh, I know we got that. I didn't got it back here. Which version of Neil showed you enjoy most? Now, see if I look anything out. I got four choices here. Which version of Neil showed you enjoy most? All bedtime stories, no calls. Some bedtime stories, a few calls. No bedtime stories, all colors. Right, don't care. I always listen. Do I leave anything out? George is gay. And now we're not, no, look. You had enough free publicity already. Okay, for one day. Oh, come on. Okay. We'll put that on there tomorrow. Let them think about that for a few days. Okay. Because you know, George is show. This is better. That sex. Yeah, we know. Which version of Neil showed you enjoy most? All bedtime stories, no calls. Is there a kindness by the way of you? Can they're concerted with him? How can you have blank look? You better make sure that he might not be listening right now. He might just be sitting back fat and sassy. Well, we don't at least part of that. I don't know how sassy is. And just assuming that, hey, here we go. You know, we take care of him and we don't need to deal with that. Error, right on top of things. Okay. We should quit picking on him. You're going to make him a complex. Even though we did create enormous problems for us. Which version of Neil showed you enjoy most? All, what he laughing about, no laughing matter, Mr. All bedtime stories, no calls. Some bedtime stories a few calls. No bedtime stories, all colors. And I don't care always listen. You better stop laughing. He'll start lumping you in with the Charlie Manson. Hey, don't look me. And Ted Bundy. You're going to take some lumps. You're in tea. Loopy. Works like we've taken our lumps. Now maybe it's somebody else's turn. Anyway. See what I've seen before. Exclusive DOJ has enough evidence. To rest toward. Oh man. Something just facts me. This looks like a New York Post to me. Is it? No, it's NBC News. Well, excuse me. I apologize profusely. Confusing anybody of the New York Post. News Channel 4 has learned officials at the Justice Department. Now that's not our news channel for it. SWNVC. As learned officials at the Justice Department. Now believe they have enough evidence to rest in charge. Martha Stewart. Oh, right. I told you it was going to be a great day. Did I do you speak to Eric? Is he on top of it? How about the poll? We have a solid criminal case against Martha Stewart. One just into Department of Visual tells. SWNVC. We're told that case involves evidence of insider training and obstruction of justice. James Kome is in the federal prosecutor's charge of the overall inclin investigation. In terms of what we're looking at or who we're looking at, I just can't comment he be saying. But sources tell news channel 4 that a final decision is till 2 months away. We're told that Kome will make up his mind by Easter. Whether or not to file charges against Stewart. Federal sources say that right now there's zeroing in on Stewart's broker Peter Bokanovic. They say their strategy is to first decide whether to charge Bokanovic with insider training. And if so, they'll then see that if he'll cut a deal and cooperate against Stewart. Stewart's high-powered legal team was set once again as a prosecutor's Tuesday. And again, urge them not to file criminal charges. But news channel 4 was told that the last minute to the main was postponed. Stewart continues to deny any wrongdoing. And on and on a close. Okay. There you go. Martha the water is getting hotter and hotter. She's almost at boarding temperature. And that's time to stick to turkey in there, Martha. And watch it boil and maybe then basted a little bit. And for a little stuffing in its spectrum. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. And I think today we're going to like finally separate the week from the chief. Is what we're going to do today. Instead of just sitting here at guesswork because you know how hard it is to get any kind of meaningful response and I still am like put off a little bit by this by the succession of not quite so clever callers. Not so well-veiled about. Well, you know, you're very entertaining and blah blah blah. We enjoy the comedy and the mobile bed. But you know, when you start expressing your point of view, see you're not allowed to express your point of view. Unless of course it's a government line. A bigger part of all those good articles that you keep reading that make all that sense. Yeah, from all those liberal publications. Like to get a pump that called me yesterday. Oh, well, you, we are. You're going to do this and you're supposed to do that. I was supposed to do the show. How about I feel like it? Okay, punk? Because I mentioned that the Washington Times happens to be a conservative publication which it is as opposed to the usual liberal stuff that I'm reading, which I don't have to identify because everybody knows it. And if they're too stupid and know that, then they shouldn't be listening anyway. You know, everybody there like a nittnerug playing dominoes playing the Majon. Joining in a shuffleboard tournament with all this week. You know what he's wearing for the, you know, pay go up those checkered pants. Okay, come down. Here's what it says. I'm sick and terribly, these people calling in fact, you've come at it on the substance or tone of the show. If there's such experts, why aren't they on a radio getting a million bucks you're enjoying 12 weeks of a vacation every year? That's 40 weeks. And for the more these dumbass conservatives who call and complain about other points of view, we lie on like religion and inherit fallacy and religion that got exist and conservatism at their point of view as valid. To all of those who feel the need to come out in your program, I say, FM, symbolist junior. That's what it says there, but it is symbolist junior and parentheses. Excellent facts. A former loot this is Marshall Texas. A former Lutheran minister was convicted of the sex crimes involving boys Wednesday and sentenced to prison terms totaling 397 years. Excellent. Juris deliberated for 14 minutes before convicting Gerald Patrick Thomas, junior 40, former minister of Martha Marshall's good shepherd Lutheran church. It was found clearly on 10 counts including charges of aggravated sexual assault and indecency with the child. Juris then handed out maximum peddleys the Marshall news messenger reported no abrelation to the canon they would daily messenger. How does a whole bunch of church stuff anyway again? What do I want to do that get your good buddy, Dennis all upset? My pal. Rally his spirit in his Albert Spear. 560560, probably no pull is up okay? Let's see, what's your take he's a fruit cake icing? I still got part of the other one up there. What's your take on the usual show he's a fruit cake? Well we know that. Tell us something we don't know. Okay, get a little bit of originality going there. Look at all the stuff that's it. It's just pouring in here just oozing through this fax machine like that oozing melted cheese we like to talk about. Where's my lunch dammit? Not too late now. You'd delete you dill around you ain't that awful soup that's so bad for it. Look at him he's not too happy about a Carlos he's pissed off. He saw you get your stubby just get flipped through the bird again behind your back he's not happy with it. You're not buying him any faggotts? Buy him a cart in a faggotts. I got a leg. Well. And I'm not giving any of those damn little uh whatever those things are cigars the little chari- chari-bombs selfish. Ten past noon. No, no those are a lot worse for it than those faggotts he smokes so you can meet you don't inhale or do you? No but if you don't have to they make you so sick you're all a head shield like you're in a cloud. I'm not talking about a good cloud either like a bad cloud like a dark cloud. It's kind of like walk on going to the elevator in this place. Like you feel like you're in the some kind of a dark cloud that's because you cut one before you left. And then you look on at the permit on there and you see that's counterfeit that thing in the elevator. You know it's got to be bogus. Who the hell would approve that elevator? Hey if you got bogus mattress that's just sleepin' I mean not a guarantee of your health health as bogus too. You feel like crap. He would be amazed at how much difference in a way you feel every day when you've got a great name Brad Mattress to sleep on. A good night sleep is so important I don't know your back but just generally the way you feel. Take it for me I've been sleepin' on a dial my interest for years and I feel like a teenager. Call dial my interest and get the best ceiling, service, and king coral every size and style. When you're smirking about Phil Salsman who I haven't seen in years saw me at the hockey game last night said I can't believe how good you look for your age for vinyl. No seriously that's what he meant for vinyl. Well he's right I know people younger than you that look twice your age. Yeah I know people twice my age like Mo. Anyway you got 30 days to trap the new mattress which most of the stores weren't even dream of doing that. You can exchange it on the first night if you don't like it. You've got unbelievable delivery deal but you get within two hours after you call or any two hour one of those convenient for you any day the week. Seven days a week even on a weekend and then you get everyday low prices that are absolutely unbeatable. And you also talked about betting consultants who know their stuff inside and out and who have the mattress you want exactly in stock. Ready for nearly immediate delivery. No bait and switch. No rip off. No phony of off brand names. They got only the tops in the business at dollar mattress. So if you really want to do yourself in your back a big favor get you a great name brand mattress that will last you for years by making one easy call. 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATT-RES and don't forget their website mattress.com You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. A regular boy. I ain't years in a grr in y<|en|> I'm present this hoboellt,ange in a fe availability. Spicy! Why? I'm a crazy hobo death-boy. Forgive me. I've guessed we're a crazy hobo oy. It's not normal. I came to see someone's own house. I went home by the party. It came for me. And again. I produced a display for the mike, I'll just make up with Ginder as something. And then ask him to break my bun. I'll bear an over again. Though I would not be you for more spoon. No! And I would not be ashamed. About a ginger and more gay union. Just hold him and stroke him away. For me, tell me you're that my guy. Yes, sound like a lion, your old kid. And only a martial melancholy guy. You don't know this. That makes me flip my wig. If ginger was a lover of mine, I'd bury my pelvis, may he know. Inside is simply re-written. And then I would not be a spoon home. If I was not a closet to pay. That's why your ginger and more gay union would make me feel guilty. Everybody follow my thousand calls. Yeah, ginger and more gay union. Would make my sorrow pony ass too safe. If we had ginger and more gay union. And then he wouldn't have to hit me right. To have 17 at 5.60, WCM, Duff is on his way to lunch before we hate that. You know, guys, it's like whenever they feel like it. But we're like victims in here. We're stuck right into the chair. We don't get to eat whenever we feel like it. And unless, of course, you're going to get a full broad in. Shmuck. Seriously, you're derelict and you do that. Those people who spend their all those costs to comments about you. I think they had a good point. I see that new pull up there. Yeah, I see. I see he's working on it. And I told you be interrupting in between his breakfast of burritos in his whatever he has for lunch. Lunches. I don't want to start putting any pressure on Eric because God forbid that we should revisit those ugly awful days. Oh, pappa pappa pappa pappa pappa pappa pappa pappa. Just calm down, Eric. We don't want to press you. But I'd like to see that pull up sometime before midnight. Okay, the new one. The other one was a lot of fun. But you still got air. We go look at that. Just as I said it. Just like magic when the old man speaks, he gets action. Well, sometime. Which version of Neil showed you when joy best? Um, I guess I got a vote. I don't care. I always listen. I have a choice. I always will listen. You know what I'm saying? But am I going to do not listen? I could sit with a earplugs on. Oh, he was just pot the earplugs. Maybe something good's coming up. There we go. Look at him. I already got five votes on there. Hey, sneak to the end. Well, I wasn't looking. Which version of Neil showed you when joy most? I don't care. I'll always listen three. I was in a people. Well, I just voted that. So there's two others. We love you. Unlike that, how do you like the guy who said he was and didn't I tell you that? They do that to us all the time. All the time. Attack this with the diaries. You got an arbitrarian diet. And if you don't agree with our politics or if I don't, I'll tow that right wing line. Well, I stuck. At least I appreciate his honesty. He admits that. But I'm not listening if I express crap that doesn't agree with his viewpoint. And so if we get a bunch of right wing fanatics like him, we've got the diaries. To us, you know, we're screwed. Just keep taking those calls. I always told you over the years that every time there's an election year. Yes. Like this past November and like a presidential election, you'll notice every time in the fall November December, we take a hit when you see the hour by hours and they disappear. No. Right. That's a hell of a hit. They're all going over one place and then, of course, with us, they're not like, for getting about us because they're giving us a little stork, you know, even if they're listening. I mean, not that those people on the right would be dishonest. You understand that. No, never. There's a good Christians. They would never lie about things like that or withhold their way. Let's see. Don't care. I always, what's got a, it's got a change by now. Okay. Got a change by now. Let me just refresh it one time. They'll get out of business. Take these very important calls. Come on. Refresh already. We do should reduce something. Man. Don't tell me this thing is going to slow down now to a crawl, to a stop, to a halt. Let's go. It's only a four hour show. What is wrong with you with this thing? I think Carlos did something from any other room. You see him? He's looked at that worm under the table there. It's probably crawl right out of the door and hopped into this. Yeah. He's looked at the worm in a compute. He would have a device. I was probably the same one that they were crawling on on a smallville. He coughed on it. The one that crawled into clothing got her all goofed up. This is not, oh, there it is. Oh, no. Why? 47 votes real quick. Which version of the show do you enjoy most? I don't care. I'll always listen. 24 people. 51%. Some bedtime stories a few calls 13. 27 have no bedtime stories. All cars seven. Less than 15%. All bedtime stories. No calls only three. So that was a very bad idea. You had to go back to all bedtime stories. That was a really idiotic idea. How'd you come up with that? That was insanity. Even Carlos, are you out of your mind? Going back to reading that crap that boring terminal stuff every day? What does it start tomorrow? No, we're not going to do that. Look at the only us, the three people. Three people. We can't afford to do a show with only three people. I'm going to go home and free it. Although the way we had this last book, I can't. We did okay. We did okay. Some of the other shows a little on a week side. I think three people might be in exaggeration. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pawn, 5, 60 on the AT&T. It makes you an amount of nothing. You want to kill some people. Here's Pompano. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, how you doing? Great. Listen, I was watching Column Powell's Dr. UM yesterday. Yeah. UM was here to UM? Yeah. He was, uh, He was pretty chilling when he was talking about, um, you know, people are supposed to say, why should we go to war or direct? Well, I'd rather hit them before they hit us. Yeah. How can the godfather? They hit us. We hit them. Or however that goes. Oh, no. I mean, I didn't listen to the Republicans and I listened to the Democrats. And it seems to me that Democrats, uh, the one that are putting for next the next president, you Matt and states is Saddam Hussein. What does that mean? I mean, well, that's what Salain told me. 560, 560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T. And for I say some people forget you. Line by the right by David Brock, a lot of me did today before before the sun goes down. I want you to read it. Okay. Speed read. Who's it that the speed reading courses? Or wouldn't Newton? No, no, not Irwin Newton. Yeah, what are you talking about? You know what I'm talking about? The speed reading thing. Go on and do it. Get that book. Have some of you read it to real fast. You know, I can read like a bowl. I'll read like lightning here. I'll start a page one right now. It was a scam, of course. You know, 560, 0560, Pound 560 on the AT&T and for I'll say wood. Something like that. That's what it is. Evelin woods. Evelin. That's what it was. See then there was Evelyn woods. Or we know it was Rosemary woods. Now, why didn't she the one that did the ratio on the Nixon tape to 12 and a gap? Rosemary woods? I forgot. But this was Evelyn wood or woods. Or somebody with wood. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Me, how are you doing today? Pretty good sir. Wasn't it Evelyn woodhead? Yeah. Anyway. Evelyn good head. I click it to about to go to scalp and for the business. And I flew into Glasgow. And you had to cut some clothes for the day. Walk right through. Come on. Well, you know, could I have all my diseases? Well, they figured right. They figured in Ireland. I mean, or this was in Scotland. In Scotland and Glasgow airport. Oh, maybe they were up in the airplane golf and maybe they were watching your kills. Well, when I flew back into my any, uh, put my bags with the counter and it starts up in the guy about to, uh, super bowl and I walked right through. There you go. Ruff. Reluctuous pal. Ever great thing. Okay. Seeing cargo. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon. Marlesa. And after that, because otherwise you get real obscured. You know, give real nervous. And I keep telling you we got to do the best we can. Don't like letting them get you down. Don't let them get you all panicking. Crawl another covers again. Well, let's you know when. 5, 6, 7. I think right now. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. The votes are pouring in on the new pool. I knew they would. And Michael Jackson's small potatoes. He'll be, uh, they'll see that thing in the eight o'clock tonight for those who care. We'll give a crap on 2020 on ABC. What version of Neil showed you enjoy most? I don't care. I'll always listen 58. 60.4%. Oh my god. It's enough to make you want to blow your brains out. Or some of these. Of course, you know why they don't listen when Georgia's on some of them. You stupid. Some bedtime stories a few calls. 21. That's 22%. No bedtime stories. All colors. 11. 11.4%. Those are obviously colors. Well, right. Finex. Probably those little Julios then the play grab asked to reassure me. Sure, be there. You know, we're so eating those articles. And all bedtime stories. No calls. 6. 6.2%. That's pretty weak. They hated that. Why didn't you tell me that all of your long. We were going on chase on your eyes. I like how come fat boy didn't tell me that. Huh? My then fat boy tell me. It's what he does stupid. It's what? Kain Day. You're all the way up today. It's Kain Day. If you want to see Kain's what? And then open Mike. What do you say? Did he say some four letter crab? Yeah, four letter crab. Why didn't hear it. So I know. How come you didn't dump it then? You didn't realize Moth is on a way to lunch right now. He's probably in the car. Listen, and hurt fat boy. The water is facing so red right now. We said the fact he just walked in feet. I can't reach the button. Oh, me either. I got a short hand. I got alligator. I got alligator. I'm like, Rimmer now. Well, seriously. What did he just say? He said your full of cram. Oh, I'll big deal for Kain out loud. If anybody knows it, man. If anybody takes one like a bullet, it's him. Good God. And by the way, a savers on a way out Portland, Portland savers. We're trying to write it up there. I feel sorry for him and Miroshotan and the stew barns and the max of thin agaab. That's why I feel sorry for it. Rest a small potato. How about my leaf last night, fat boy? Paced at those pathers right to the wall. I made a milk sick. Nice school there. Bobby Lewongo by the way. The first one. Oh, oops. And guilty comes on in the screen. And between it kind of draft in curved a little bit. It got to. Yeah, I got something that drops in curves. Okay. You silly goose. Gildy. Mother, Quizlet. And he knows he's got a goose step in line or he'll be just like he'll be toast. He'll be toast in the organization. Mean spirited nasty evil doers. I say, let's have the Florida savers. That's a good idea. Let's have somebody buy him and bring him down here. Huh? I think that team they got a lot of good players on there. They had a few bucks. They'd be going somewhere. Well, they are. 26 after noon at 5. 60 WQM. Let me tell you right now that size does matter no matter what you've heard. No matter what other guys have told it. And according to the Florida Department of Labor, computer professionals have really big impressive paychecks. According to the state of Florida computer careers are among the highest paid and the highest in demand to which is a pretty good combination. Paced rank enough you achieve a brand new high-pain computer career in just four short months. And the most important part of the day is that the state of the country is the most important part of the day. And the most important part of the day is that the state of the country is the most important part of the day. And the most important part of the day is that the state of the country is the most important part of the day. And the most important part of the day is that the state of the country is the most important part of the day. And the most important part of the day is that the state of the country is the most important part of the day. And the most important part of the day is that the state of the country is the most important part of the day. And wichtige i 5 music analogs and open Oh, I'm nervous. We are scared. That face match is good. That face match is good. That face match is good. That face match is good. That face match is good. A gravel cone that will go down. A gravel cone that will go down. A gravel cone that will go down. A gravel cone that will go down. A gravel cone that will go down. A gravel cone that will go down. A gravel cone that will go down. A gravel cone that will move like hope. True. electrons in the bright light. True. TheGreat light is a red light. True, the great light is on the moon. Seize. FACE etneydismar and dearest Anne... FACE.. . And by the way, Spaneman, Culture and Speaking of all the stuff we've been speaking of, the job that she did going back to blinded by the right to grape-up by David Brockwood, which would you will read today? The number that they did on Anita Hill, a black lady, and Jocelyn Elders, a black lady, the smear, the scurler, the scandalous stuff that they did on them, was just unbeatable. Yet God forbid an America today if anybody should question the abilities or the sensibility of Condolese, for example, or if any of the members of the creative administration then the wrath of the right will just come down on your ass. Talk about a mucher-freaking hypocrite, huh? How to confess I saw some of that with Larry. Was that last night? Kind of leased that you watched that? Not on purpose. No, what do you know, President? And what are we gonna lunch? Somebody else put it on. And she was not answering anything. Really? What a shock. You mean Doctor Rice? She's a doctor. Oh, sometimes. Yeah. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty, and a eighty, and Verizon Marlesline. Here's some of the facts from Mike, Abel home inspections. You know something Mike, you keep said it, the facts is I'll keep giving you a plug. I'm not giving you a number though. One, eight, six, six. No, I mean, he just- he just seems so desperate, you know. Says my favorite part of your show is when you verbally destroy the collars. In fact, you know, I think it could be good for Mo for the morning. We show since we would like to have a lead in some day, you know, sometime in our lifetime. If at the end of every call or maybe in the middle of the call, you would just board out. You asshole. I, seriously, don't just think that would be great. Throughout the call. I mean, for example, when you're making Paul calls tomorrow, just say you asshole. I think it would be fantastic. And then when, uh, Richie the, uh, Mark the Jets fan calls, you asshole. Oh, people might start tuning in just for that as a regular feature of that show. Anyway, he says, makes my day score score. By the way, I'll mold test both your home and your office for 350 bucks. Each location normally is 250, but I do it for free, money is tight. You know, the great economy. Mike from Abelhum inspections. I think I'll hang on to that. Maybe I'll have him do it, you know, or maybe not. I don't know. Well, I'm sure that the station will pay for that. Don't you? At least the station part don't just think they'll pay. Oh, well, at least I'll pretend that they'll pay some day, which is in with the way they do with everybody. Oh, yeah, we'll pay. One of these days, you know. As whole, 132 votes, which version of Neil showed you when you're in most. I don't care. I'll always listen, 77. WABC. Oh, we 77. WABC. I just see every time I say, I could have said 77 sunset strip. But it not. Why not? Because I'm under the thing, 77 WABC. Where's the jingle? We got them somewhere. Man, they're on a floor. Anyway, 77. Some bad time story is a few calls, 34, 26%. No bad time stories. All callers 12. You know what percent that is? Yeah. And all bad time stories, no calls. Yeah, that's 6.8%. But I came in handy, Robert. Yeah. And thanks for bringing in my toast to Jesus, Maure. Whatever got me into that thing would grilled cheese sandwiches. I just think. I just haven't had him in a long time. And I just got horny for grilled cheese. And they do, how he's makes great grilled cheese sandwiches. I must say that. You're going to get one for Rimmer next time he shows up. Did you want to let him talk? He shows? Look at him one. You're going to get 50% off form? That's just amazing. The fact that he had the host, but it was about to wake me up. His name was in the computer and he's a whole family. He took the whole family there because he took the wrong one for free. That's why he took the whole family. He's in Pittsburgh now anyway. Can't hear it. Good. Rippem. For Roll, tell him. She knows. What do you mean? I was just astonishing to go through life like that. What do you mean by that? You're knocking my good friend, Rimmer now that he's going to call me up. And if it's free, it's me. Give me a bunch of crap on how you ripped him. I mean, he doesn't like you anyway. I'm not going to buy you any lunch. He doesn't like you. I don't want it because you're not a hockey guy. You're not a hockey guy. I know. Although, you know something he'll say whatever I say. He'll call. I'll be an Amsterdam or wherever. He'll call me up. Oh, George is sounding good to there. I'll say George sucks on here. You kidding me? And then he'll agree with whatever I said. I'm just using that as an example. I'm not saying that I said that although I probably did 20. What are you laughing about? I don't. I don't. Do you think I listened when I'm not here? Do you really think I could go? I think I could have gone downstairs. Turn on. That's that they're listening to pretending to do a show and talking about eating ass. In Amsterdam, you don't listen to people talking about eating ass. Oh, I am. Oh, so I've heard. No. Amsterdam, you go out there and whatever you get a hold of. You hard take. You partake him whatever is. Thanks, your chain. Like I said, I think I'm going back there in about a minute. Bad. I love that. These people, well, how come you don't want to go back? I don't know because I'm burnt out. I need a little rest from there. Okay. I want to rather go to Colone Germany. Come much, much finer city. Much more. We've got a scale. Where I go to war with the Germans? Oh, that's not a bad amount. Then we got a bomb M M and France and who else? The Russians, Palestinians, the Russians, Egypt, Morocco, Sudan, France. Oh, of course. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yaman. God, 22 before one at 560 WQM. I'm vote for Al Sharpton. What do you think? No. Not. You got to admit though, he sure is a lot of fun. He's got a great haircut. I think we're doomed. I don't want to say that. I feel like Robby Young, I think we're doomed. I think we're in a lot of trouble. You know, if you're talking about Jewelie Bremen and Hillary, somebody sends me a thing about the Hillary is leading the democratic poll now. It's called Democratic Death Wish again. Who do you want to run? Hillary or Jewelie Bremen? Guaranteed. Guaranteed the lose. And that's hearing? What a ticket. Let's put them together. I'm starting like that John Crichton a lot more and he's on a way out anyway. They think I got problems up there with all froggy. At least when he talks out of the corner of his mouth, at least you can see him doing, you know what I'm saying? 22 till 1 at 560 WKM. What was that thing that they had? Speaking of those Canadians, my good friends up there. What was the thing that they had? The audacity that brought that they had a have resigned? The car, prison. Oh, are. Oh, and wow. Hey, want to really spoil your sweetie for Valentine's Day this year. Send your wife or girlfriend a pajama gram. She'll receive the softest, most luxurious pajamas or lunchray along with a free gift card. And lavender bat tea. Now do you say pajama or pajama? Jemies. To send it pajama gram shop online at pajamagram.com or call them at 1-800-Give-PJs. You'll find lots of styles in fabric like Egyptian cotton and find silk with designs by an authority, Crabb Pree and Evelyn Nick and Nora and more. Everything from classic to fun and sexy. They've got great path and body products and spog gifts too. Skip the ball for get about that. A pajama gram only takes five minutes to order plus the packaging is so amazing. You don't have to wrap it. She'll really be impressed. Women want to be pampered on Valentine's Day and this is a gift that you'll both love. They're the sister company of course a different Montetty Bur Company so you don't or contrast their quality and reliable delivery too. Be imaginative this year. An original and Sunday pajama gram Valentine's Day delivery is guaranteed. Visit pajamagram.com or call tool free 1-800-Give-PJs. That's pajamagram.com. Tell them that you'll afford to call pajama gram pajamagram. Howve you call it? Commentary.com. Fished with the sewer of this place. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, no, oh, oh, oh, Oh Don't do it. Don't do it. I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired Back then I got a fucking bush from the tire It's a programming. I got a really light look. Wasn't particularly good in the morning I got a great idea. I want my one jelly to get in the risk I don't know if you can even get paid to pull him on But I got a trouble going to be doing it They can enjoy some coffee and take some time off You know we're going to have Volca Brian is going to do both voices He's going to do his characters of Mo and Gildi in the morning And I think that might just do it He can be a Mo and Gildi I said just that that's one alone time ago Don't you think that's a great idea He's going to do it Like that and now crap their pants Like that 25 at 5.60 WCM speaking a programming Take a look at this Which version of Neil showed you enjoy most And there's a damn good thing I took his book Is a viral eye on George Oh brother We would all points in the next book You just don't get it You just don't have a feel for it You know I'm feeling it Which version you enjoy most I don't care I'll always listen 94.57 percent That's for them And also we ought to point what other thing Because that guy I appreciate him being honest enough That conservative guy To say that he's stand this and I'll through the heart With a poker in the December book So the people who do agree with this Or people don't really care about my politics Those people need to listen a lot Follow my drift Yeah right Because we have to combat that The fact that when you're even the slightest bit political Especially now There's this whole new deal now That we're going to like goose step everybody To be politically correct or we're going to like you know Whatever Find any means by which to damage and destroy and the Pollute etc 97.0 I don't care I'll always listen 57.3 percent At about 169 Some bad times There's a few calls 48 No bad times stories All colors 14 A measly 8.2 percent And what you were suggesting All bad times stories and no calls 10 5.9 percent Now there is of course the possibility That the people who wanted all the bad times stories That they're gone by now See after October November December Four and a half months I'm going to say No But there's that possibility That the ones who were gone all the ones who used to say Oh Neil this is so much better than those more odds Yeah those people who didn't give a crap That our numbers were vanishing That we were on a verivestation They don't give a crap to selfish They wanted us to turn weed to him like you know Please Like you they were self-resistant You know about programming you and your little buddy And they're your little who I don't know any commentary on that How he did with anything you say One of that was a was a Miguel Which is even worse he didn't like that Stuff a good right wing or like him A bush liquor like Miguel He didn't like the bedtime stories That's him he he he he he said I he he said He said to me he did Do plus it is too fair Line piece of crap I mean I bring him those hockey tickets He wants for the Ranger Game of Saturday night Even though I'll be at the track Punch of my guts out I might not do it Every day you were doing those Did he really yeah Well How come he didn't have the balls to tell me And that's the problem Because nobody around here Will look me in a face or even on a phone or send me a fax in The bedtime Sorry suck You know go back to the real show That and just leave me hanging out there to dry When I need a little bit of ass assistance Anytime I need a little bit of ass I think of Miguel in right away he assistant said is And he just leaves me hanging But he still wants a hockey tickets That's sad Miguel Puts So there he go only 6.7% Want all that time stories none of the calls And you were just under virtue Give me tucked in that again Just because we had a few idiots So what does it start? Now 5.670560 On the AT&T line Keylargo hello Yes sir Hey Good afternoon buddy boy Good afternoon to you All right Are you like in a tunnel or something Not going to go off speaking phone And there you go There we go Now talk like a ride Your show Your absolutely show is the best in the market Somebody calls that they're the best on the market Service says it's the best in the market At the market You're a bit of a lot of people You're a bit of a lot of people Yes sir All right buddy boy All right Thanks buddy boy Okay Listen The Columbia The show The shuttle Okay, it's a setback But remember nothing is perfect Right And who will remember it in probably 100 years Good point Who remember this conversation And if actually I remember this conversation in five minutes Probably nobody but a button You also mentioned your blood sugar You'll be around about one thirty or less I know that I know that you are the person that should know that And I'm just telling you You know what I wanted to say this morning You said it was 180 No no no But now I want home yesterday after eating all that food This morning was 130 Guess what service says that's perfect though There you go Thank you. See you buddy boy Hey buddy boy One thirty was 130 this morning That it became a quarter to two and it was like two o'clock I was 130 when I got to smoke It should be a little lower than that But after eating that voluminesum out of slow I yesterday it is more I went home But I thought it's going to be like 350 maybe over 400 Which is like bad bad bad bad bad bad 182 How did that happen? You saw I don't want to go back in there Make me sick just recounting what I ate Why did I do that? You want to know what because it was good And it was good and I asked for it smoked like charred Those potato pancakes First you were only the little ones I only had like 40 or 50 of those and then I had Oh and a chunk of French toast What was that? That was awesome Simple We're in Quarkeys in pepper pie and sex again guys We'll be calling on you again more these days Paul the Johnson on the day of your daughter sweating Selfie side Right Chunks of French toast Now what would they call that? I mean how I'm sure it's something obvious on there I'm sure you're looking at me Chunks of French toast We're just chunks of French toast And then of course the brisket Tascot of Tisket we sure love their brisket And then half a Ruben sandwich right? With the bread Now why did I do that? I don't know The sandwiches with the bread I have the sauce in the two the 1,000 I know You can't know I did not Oh maybe just a little bit I'm sorry it was damn good Don't be trying to tell me it wasn't good I loved it I sucked it up like was the last one I loved it I loved it I loved my Ruben baby I loved my Ruben A skew Lean Ruben is skew I loved it What is it that the politicians in this state are such a bunch of mugwams You know you got a jab bush up there The jabster And his wife is on there Telling everybody yesterday what's wrong with her Or for dysfunctional family You know the fact that she's like Smuggling stuff and I guess you forgot about that The smuggler Colombo All these mugwams In and of course we had the dead man But that was his name Buddy McCabe Don't know What's that pit we got about Buddy McCabe Why do you think they call it floor right though What's the name of that bit It look a bright You know what I'm talking to me I do About putting McCabe What's the name of that short Well get by that We got to the break Nine minutes before one At five sixty w w Q I'm everybody's got a different lifestyle Therefore each person needs different Prarars to make you feel better And healthier too All real mad Mediterranean formulas Are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical Great olive oil combined with Vitamins, minerals, urbles all kinds of other good stuff Scientific redesign of a live natural nutrition Solutions to help you support specific health needs Buddyboy Look for all you might three new formulas They got one I don't be asleep at night What is it? Buddy? Is that what it's called? Yes, buddy boy They got one of how to sleep at night Weight management and coq10 Let me tell you, it might be important for your heart All you may also got supplements You're a circulatory system You're digestive, you're enter consistent your skin Your bones even your mind All you're using the benefits of the finest olive oil That man can find Look for a grab And don't forget, I'll only make products for men and ladies as well All you might say, exciting new product More people are poppin and they're pussy All you might say, I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired laisser Cisco Luca is the bathroom I want to light up What time is he on? I don't know L collector is called Sespes of Bagu LeBeoln Ardiquet LaWeere and Dictator 2 Simply by heavenmore Loiris deez In a real-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo- road-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo, we created a large platform of their public number zone from it, is just the building this field and we created something's work-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-goo-go The dog's image standing by. Oh right. Could be a long one-on-clock in a studio. He don't call out and do these stupid golf trimmons. I hope. Yeah, actually he does, isn't he? Then he just shows like from him to round. He's into that golf crap. Whatever. Oh boy, we'll match your guy like him. Beating a golf. That's embarrassing, man. That's terrible. awful. I mean, Hank being out there like a royal Caribbean with those old people today. At least they're probably going to get a lot of free chow out there to golf from a winch thing. I would say. He played science and maybe an early bird, a middle bird, a late bird. All the birds he's going to look surround. He needs a lot to keep that girth up. And then we got the Panthers and the penguins in Pittsburgh, Mario is back by the way. Didn't do much of the night in this first game back with Emily Luztwo, treated to. Where could it help was? Well, anyway, he didn't do too much. He'll be better tonight. Unfortunately, in the Panthers better be better tonight. Because last night they got pasted six o'clock by the Toronto Maple Leaf. They got embarrassed and humiliated and degraded. They got zoiat. They got a wap. Wamp. I just mentioned that in passing. So we got to Panthers repanguang game 739 followed by Ed Capital in course right after hockey and then overnight during mark. We're going to tell you all about something. What are they talking about besides boobs and race cars? He didn't talk that auto racing. Does he on that show? I hope no, it'll please tell me no. Please, I know he's into that, but I like harness racing too. I don't talk about that on here because nobody else does. I accept it. I'm not a rich, spend a lot of time talking about Lucius Pousay. I would watch myself if I were you okay. Wouldn't much start getting carried away. Leave the Lucius Pousay discussion to the morning show. Okay. That's their character. We'll stick with fat rich. Something a little bit more on the mellow side. Let that worry about Lucius Pousay. Okay. Anyway, how's that pull coming? I'm so delighted you were. Act. Which version of the show do you enjoy? What time do you finally get this on there? Was pretty late, wasn't it? Huh? What's that? What was that? I was a lot of laughter there. I think like about two minutes ago. 194 votes, which version of the show do you enjoy most? I don't care. I'll always listen one, oh six, 50, four, four points. There's over half of the people. We could sit here and go. Like that. And they would still listen that and enjoy it. Have a great time doing it. In fact, they'd start going. Like that. Maybe we can have the head instead of the ditto heads. What do you think? Let's do it. All right. Some bedtime stories a few calls 59. No bedtime stories. All callers 15. 7.7% pretty weak if you ask me. And all bedtime stories. No calls 14. Only 7.2%. So what did we learn today on the show? We learned don't ever. Whatever you do, don't ever. Listen to George. Okay. That grave 11 little. Bye bye. The first show. I'm five. So you do it. I don't mind. The fan's fact. I can't stand him.