A... ...thence of power manure ...hovers over this performance by the dolphin. I don't want to move! I need a football player! Don't you make a sound! I just want to wake you up and leave quietly! Don't let this happen to you! Today's National Football League crackhead athletes are above the law. Protect your family from the horrors of unwanted NFL players in your home. With the new Miami-Dalvin home alarm system. Every Miami-Dalvin home alarm system comes with a Julie Johnson steal of disapproval. I never met a criminal. I didn't lag. And if they can catch the ball and run with the ball, I'll throw something special. Take criminal athletes off the field and put them in a jail cell where they usually find God in the wife named Tyrone. But Miami-Dalvin home alarm system. See you on the gocractic report of jail. It's the 10.05.60 WQA. It's a very sad Tuesday in South Florida. And it's sad. Don't you feel like you just want to commit suicide? You just want to blow your brains out of the... Nope. I don't either. I'm on side kick like I said, Olin D'Amari. He just kicked him a little bit sideways these days. He's kicking side-sevel. And it's just... it just left like a... I mean, it was like no chance that we're going to get even in the game anyway. But there was like one last gas, a little bit of hope. And why should they got in back in it? Because all the Dolphin fans, those so-called fans left anyway. Seven minutes to go on a game, they're down by a touchdown at that point. That's before the Eagles kicked that last feelable. They're down by seven. And everybody went to bailing out of there like they had a bomb scare at PPPark. And then they're calling in Joe this morning whining. Well, gee, there's nobody left, but Eagles phased. There, well, I wonder why? Go tell me that you folks weren't... some of the ones that left there would seven minutes to go on a game. But at any rate, it's the same... you know, that expression neurotic repetition. It's the same with San Florida sports except for tomorrow. In fact, even a world series, I guess, was neurotic repetition because nobody cared all year just like 97. And then all of a sudden, just everybody jumped on that bandwagon right at the end. Where did me I send? Just saying thing with this. Anyway, getting back to the importance of how about that strong thermon? Oh, right! Didn't know the old guy had it in him. Have you seen that story? Yes. About his mixed race daughter, one of the great segregationists of all time. And he was banging some darky lady while we were getting back. Here's the results from my yesterday's pool. I think because it's a holidays because I got like this little scratch, I must say though that for an old fart like me, I made nice recovery. You must have been thinking for sure that you were going to get to do the show today. Nope. You weren't? Because I was right on the edge of a real bad head, cold. I knew you'd pull it through. I pulled it right through the window. I dragged it in here. And it brought me back to life. What's your take on a capture? Saddam Hussein we asked yesterday. We broke all records. None of the last number I looked at when we got out here. Remember we couldn't get the thing to to um. The sits still because there were so many people on the website. It was a 904. I looked at like 944 about a minute after 2. 944. That was shocking. Breaking even those alien records. How do you like that? Breaking poor little alien ethos records of his story and forming it to mouth in his audience. 1674 votes for a weekday pool. That may be also right in the, I don't know. Maybe you can check. What's your take on a capture? Saddam Hussein. It's fine. But where is Osama? Remember him? Osama Yamama? 563 votes for that? The whole invasion was bogus based on lies. Can't believe he's going to. Changes ways. No you're not. 544 votes on it. Whole Iraqi attack was bogus. That's one small step for humanity in one giant political leap for George W. Bush 295. Fry the pasted on Channel 7. Fry Saddam on Channel 7. Right in, uh, was Spookies the right pool in the switch. 168 is Spookies the right was there. He probably would beg and for it. And no matter the cost it was well worth it only 105. 6.2 percent. Guess who a Chris Matthews on hard balls which I never watch. But I was a channel surf me for the football last night. Guess who Chris Matthews made look like a real asshole. Who's that? Oh, two reburman. Man he had him stammering and fomping and the bumbling it was great. And he refused to answer the questions. Like he asked him about, you know, how come we were buddies with Saddam back in the 80s and yaddy yaddy yaddy. He was the good guy and he kept changing the subject. But I beat but I beat but I beat but I beat and you know, two reburman. You're a disgrace. You really are. And all you old Jews down there that are supporting him just because of the fact that he ate. He ate a couple of pieces of humankind a few years ago. That's really sad. That's pathetic. Just because he had some gribbinous ones in his life. You ever had gribbinous? No. You have never had gribbinous? No. Oh, come on. What is that? It's like, I don't really even know how to describe it. It's poison. It will definitely kill you. But it's like chicken fat. Like fried chicken fat. How pass on that one? Huh? Oh, I don't know what the, what the, oh, you know you like it. Believe me what I tell you. Although it will make you crap your brains out for hours. It'll keep you busy. Keep you out of turns. And the good news is the beast got his new king, Carl Bed from Dalamacros. Oh, let's hear it. He said that he, he and Clarence had a wild time. I'm new, Macros last night. Now will you the king, Coral or the queen, Coral? Oh, I'm definitely the man. The king. You to man? That's what Clarence said. The beast, he to man. Now, we got to quit screwing around right now because before we're given today's pool. And I'm going to play a lot of stuff today and take a lot of calls. I want to hear people ripped it off in today. When you love your life for four hours? Yeah. Where? I love it. It's the same crap every year, you know? If it gets a little old, stale. All the belly aching and all jpeaters, socks, and they've wands that socks and this one sucks and what's with those dreadlocks Ricky and all the other crap, you know? He, I never realized until last night just how grotesque looking he is. He really is gruesome. Boy. Not that it would make any difference. I'm an edgy and of course that's a UM thing, the edgy thing, right? That's a hurricane thing. What's you don't want to get into? Because you're a pipe. You mean, edgy? We are going to, we are going to spend an hour rip and Mike Rosen told today. Nobody's said to beston. I know who the hell that is. Oh, it was time. It was 322. WVM type. You made a mistake, Neil. You made a mistake. We're going to rip. Jayrow, Keat and Mike Rosen told it. It's a little on the inside hurricane kind of crap. No, we're not. You're just jealous of Mike Rosen told because of the fact that he's a big success now. He's a big superstar. What does he do? I believe he's a math teacher. He's a math teacher. Oh, a perfect math teacher. Please don't tell me he has a wife. I don't know. Does he have a penis? I sure don't. Anyway, we got to figure out we're going to have the van hit today. We got 47,500 bucks. Now did Miguel ever show his lovely anson air and tell you that we got to something straightened out that he undid. No. The other thing from yesterday? Yeah. Well, he said yesterday that he would. He said, just this regard it. I don't know why he did that. Oh, and also we got to rip Carlos. Now, there's so many Carloses in that place. We're not talking about Carlos the freak. That's it. That's it. The reception desk was an embarrassment to all of us. Even Susan Lucci hates him like poison. But, and we're not talking about Carlos Biner boy who they dragged out of their intensive care somewhere with tubes hooked up to his ass. We're talking about what is what's Carlos's last name, do you know? Carlos, I'm not sure. Carlos, pick Harry. Carlos, pick Harry. You are a total asshole man. You're the ultimate asshole. I don't even know if I've ever seen him. I've already dies on him. I got full doubt. I'll take it this and I want to see him. Every single time. Every time. At least he's consistent. He's consistently an asshole. Every time we have like multiple ball games on this radio station, which is how many times a month has happened. I'm totally man. In that studio right there where your fat ass is sitting, standing that chair, it's probably seeping all over that chair. And he's in there, dicking around with stuff. And as a result, the next morning when we try to get on with a show, since we don't do our show the same place as the sports shows, we can't get the damn thing going. Same thing again this morning, dolphin game and a panther game on. What was it? 1890 on AM dial line. Statopanthus lost with under 30 for the 58. It was on a surf. If you go up like to 2500 on your AM dog, you might be able to hear it. But I doubt it. And so we have all this different crap going on at the same time, because naturally it's the only way to get it to make enough money to pay me. So anyway, they're in their dick at around dilling around. I come in this morning. I'm sitting here and I'm not as early as when Georgia's here. In fact, I'm getting, I'm trying to get in the smart. What do I need to be here at 730 in a morning for? Well, well, what's the point for that? Get going. What do I need to see? Seriously, what do I am at? I mean, my bedroom is like six feet away from this studio. Here, what do I need to drag my ass in here 730 in a morning to, to confabulate with the little gravel of the spick every morning. I don't need that. So this is a lot better. I come, I come crawling here about 830. That's fine. And I'm listening. They got, they got the little dog is on there. Slaught enough that the damn, the speakers are bouncing off the walls here. That's how loud he was. I thought his gigantic head was going to come pop and right through this board. And I'm sure that Josh was probably trying to talk to me. And I couldn't hear him in a beast, but he beat, but he beat. But about, and it took about 20 minutes to try to lay on F. Everything that Carlos Vicari left there screwed up again. Every single time he does it, no matter how much we've complained and carry on with Duff and what clearance and all the other middle-level flunkies in there. It doesn't do any good. Because he's what's important on QM is not the new Roger show. Not the ratings, not the money. What's important is ball games. That's what's important. Ball games. The more balls, the more games, the more excited they are. That's what Greg reads all about. Because he's, he's not a dumb Jack. He's just a dumb Jack sniffer is what he is. I think they're Greg and spite of all of his womanizing. I think they're Greg probably somewhere inside of his psyche. It's probably a closet mug. And I'm saying closet mug. Absolutely. Because he's sure likes them. The guys with John Straps. He probably would like to shower with the teams. Is what I'm thinking. But get that Carlos Vicari out of our studio. At least puts stuff back together again to where you left it. I was just coming to you. He just wanted to, you know, make sure that everything was fine because he wasn't sure if he left it. Okay. Yeah, you left it all right. You left it the same screwed up like you always leave it. Okay, come in here. You're posky around with everything you get your hands on. And then you just leave it like a mess. Like a turlet. Could you please read the enclosed announcement on your show today? It is vitally important that as many people know about this as possible. It says very Kirchner. What is this? Committee to defeat Bush on that case, sure. No problem. Open assembly number three. 130 PM Monday to 729 to the FAU Grand Pom room. Never forget 2000 for another election. Fiasco, come learn how. U.S. representative Robert Waxler, good man. Coach sponsor Bill HR2239, the bill for it, the bill for a voting paper trail and Vince Lipsio, software design engineer digital voting machine software expert, will tell it like it is and how it ought to be next year. Learn how easily computerized voting machines can be corrupted? Learn why it's imperative to have a paper trail to track every vote so that they can't put the fix in again. Learn what a paper trail is. Usually see a paper trombone T-room near a QA after fat boys been in. That was gets it stuck at about 45 yards a toilet paper coming out of the T-room. Learn how Bill HR2239 would require digital voting machines to provide a receipt for your vote and learn about California's new paper trail law. You want to find out more of the website is www.committativetodefeatbush.org. Or if you want more info call Ruth Pleeva at 561-865-0987-561865-0987. That's uh, open assembly of 130 PM Monday December 29th in the FAU Grand Pom. There you go Barry. Thank you so much. And we got to figure out what we're going to do during the break. Put your thinking cap on your Keppella as your leaderman would say. And uh, figure out what we're going to do this van hit today. Who's going out on the van hit McGill or Scott Junior? I would think it's McGill but we'll find out. Hey Scott Junior, quit seal on our batteries. 1013 at 560 WQM. If you speak and have a big ball spot like the beast if you got a big glaring A, yeah, I guess it's okay to find your way around in the dark. If there's like a little beam of light, you can always use your head as a reflector. But other net it looks like crap. If you want to look younger and better than you ever dreamed again, there's one guy ought to be calling that's my good buddy. Chuck out for you. In fact, it's a holiday time. I'll give yourself the gift of here. This holiday season. Call Chuck and get that natural hairline system. It's the best there is. It's as simple as that. You don't have to make a big song to dance about it. Everybody in your brother's try to probably have some kind of a mouth you look in Muscad piece like the one you know who wears. I'm so good. Although I do, you know, I thought about it. I like that thing about the the mad dog is on between the toe and the load. I like that. That was pretty good. How about between the slub and the tub? Hey, boom! Grandma got run over at the Walmart. Trackled under shoppers, greedy feet. Get out of my way, you curvert. It was on the day after Thanksgiving. Before grandma didn't know she'd be dead for me. Every year we fell. We tried. Oh, she wanted was a player. Congratulations. You room Christmas. Or the baby, the he's she owned. Merry Christmas, Christmas. I asked. But when those staple doors swung open. When the new home, she was stepped on and bagged up straight to the bone. Ha ha ha ha ha! Grandma's now wide out of action. And the hospital, she sits. After her body is in traction. And she even needs a nurse to take a spitter. Grandma. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. Grandma had run over at the Walmart. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. Grandpa got run over at the Walmart. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. to warn him out last night. It'll be a John Boog Shambi. The boog myster maybe we wouldn't get boog on a hotline for another 30 seconds like those citilating calls during the Amarlins parade, their world serious victory. Let's see the boogster, how come I have? Is he going to be a chulas? Was he going to be in a studio? That I don't know. Hank will be in a studio though. How big are you? Hank will be in studio. Ah, this schedule is all skewed around man. You must have warned Clarence out. He's just way behind the eight balls. He just ain't doing it. I think I will say though about the boogster. You like him or not? He's quite a good one here. He's a good guy. Unfortunately he has to work. In fact this would be a great day. Maybe he'll call in now in a bat line and he and I can discuss what it's like to work with Dave Ann Boring. Chet's not saying anything. I don't think he could be doing any crossovers with me again at any time. If he fills in 8 to 10 like he did that one day. I should have apologized. I don't know. I got to apologize. No, no. It was fun. There's a lot of fun because I put him on a spot. I kept pretending just like you. Leave him in the last night with Chris Matthews on hard balls. He kept pretending he didn't hear the question. And he kept talking about anything else beside the obvious. See, I can understand why you stuck up to Joseph Gackie because like Dave Ann Boring. He's an ice guy. I like to roll out. But he's terrible on the air. He's awful. But you can't say that because you have to work with him and you want to cover your ass. You want to be like another Mike Rosenthall. But as far as Dave Ann Boring, what have you got to a benefit by sucking his ass? Nothing. So why can't you just... No, no, no, don't start doing a George thing and play that little... That ain't gonna fly this week. Okay, that's bullcraft. That's a cop out. Or speaking of a cop out, Dave the cop, give it a rest. For this hysterical facts about the pot laws and you can do this and they can arrest you. If they put you over the drugs, even if the drugs aren't yours. And all of a sudden, you know something it's a holiday's man. Just light up a little bit, Dave the cop. Out of control is usual, calm down. Now where are we gonna do the van hit today? I know that it is fine. I think you're pardon? Miguel's all upset. He says it's not his way. He's very upset today. I'm sitting about one. He's like yelling at you. Oh, about the ballgame last night. Is that what it is? Very angry. Or maybe he got cut off by his lovely wife last night. Maybe she cut it off. Maybe she finally wised up. Or maybe somebody else recorded him in a hall and said, Get her off the suspended list. Or she's been with Techmiggan. She's still on the DL, the SL. We have an SL. It's not the suspended list. It's the Schmitt list. Huh? I can't mention it's the Reno. So where is it? It's on its way to where? And what is that that you're playing? What is that? You just say you're a fact, but it's gonna be Scott Junior. Yeah, Scott Junior's gonna be out there with batteries. I think he's gonna be hiding you in his... Yeah. He's gonna be rolling around in his hands. You couldn't find any steel balls like in the K9 mutely. So he's rolling that little batteries around in his hand. Crazy person Scott Junior, you're really in your get it. Look at him. Just if you don't want to give us any money for abandon per rescue. Just stand outside of an in stare at him. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Wouldn't that be fun? And you'll never make eye camps contact anyway, Because you won't look back at you. Oh, I see. So another is before, I don't get this. I'm around to stand this at all. So another is we've been lied to again. I thought this was a place of art Tuesday. They didn't you? It says next van hit tomorrow. Or a little bit of two somewhere. That was yesterday's memo. So I look at it today. Scott Junior noon the two in the parking lot of the crawl square. We've been in crawl springs too, got that much. There's no money up there. They got a poison break was gonna go with this toy drive. So that's what they were promoting last night. So I figured we just go there. So in other words, again, we're just tagging along. No, they tagging with us. We're just an afterthought. Just like with the ball games with Carlos, Pick here either whatever it is name is same kind of crap. I mean, I realize we're not as important as the Panther Red Wing game on 1490 on their AM dial or whatever. 1980 on the dial. On a station that's got 45 lots that go straight up into the air. That nobody ever heard of before that we don't even know the collar. This is of any more that used to be WSRF back a hundred years ago when van Patrick at the Lions put it on the year. Did you know that by the way? Oh, van Patrick the late great football and outside the Detroit Lions. He was the one that put WSRF on the air for water now. I know Dan Patrick. Many years ago. About 10 million. The Dan Patrick van Patrick used to call them the Philadelphia Eagles. He was a big fact guy. He was good. I mean, he was no more Howard David. But like God. Well, who is really? Nobody. And we're really. He's one of a kind man after they made him through the mold away. It was pretty moldy. After they made that muskware. They threw the moldy thing away. Well, I bet you can't wait to see him again and bond with him tomorrow morning. You must have must have at least something out of your life when he is. And they like today after a tough loss like last night. And the mold myster isn't there for you like. Yeah, you know, scowl at in the morning. I can't wait. Do you like make eye contact with him? Is there ever any conversation? No, he he will talk to me. Well, wait a minute. How about when you ever talk to him? I'll be carried out of conversation with him. Well, you're really. What a guy. If I could probably should say, why see the papers when again? Something happened last night. Mo. That would be good. Mo. And the rumor I'm hearing speaking of Mo. Mo is that because we got all this problem with, we don't even know if Joe Rose is going to be staying on or not. That they're thinking I hope it doesn't happen. It's going to be when you when guilty move the Joe Rose. It's going to be the big with him. Okay. Now it could be the Mo. Oh, show. But that just never read to it. So it might be the almost show. I'm a home. No, I'm a home. No, no. No. And then we can have the mad dog between the tub and the shrub or however that goes. What was it the the towed and the load? I like that Mo. He's going to put some pretty good material. That's a lot of time too late. I think that's a trend. But what do you want to do? And then you're part of the rush you or anything. But what do you want to do? What do I want to do with what? You want to go here and to coral springs or you want to go somewhere else? Do you understand what this man is talking about? Scott Junior, why do you want me to send him sir? I thought this was a done deal already. I thought this was another one of your array costs. Somebody is smearing you with the which is usually what it is. Like that other bogus thing made yourself up about that. That was in the sports or whatever that thing was. Use me read the bottom of the page there. The bottom of what page. I'm trying to get what I can. So I'm asked to. You know, I understand right now we don't do that. Fine. We don't ever do that. It's a cardinal law because then all the salespeople every year try to like jump out of band. Listen to the sales guys. Why I don't care about that. Neither do I and I don't listen to you either. Okay. So, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so that we're, we're going to send your answer, okay? About pizza law. And we did, we just got through doing that. Oh, pizza law, didn't even, you're just going to look for a free lunch. You're absolutely right. You want to do that again? Mm-hmm. Couldn't hurt. No, I don't think they have. They have. They're on the ball. How about there's a, how about the corner of sunrise and university? Okay. Okay. What is that gas station? There's a, is a shell station? There's a shell is it? Broward and University. What's the one on the corner? I think it's also shell, isn't it? Yeah, sure, why not? One more, one more. Whatever it is on the Northeast corner of sunrise and university. There's a, a jazdation, look for the QM fan there from on 11 or two. Aren't you just send me the lutes? That wouldn't be bad. Only one way to do that. He's leaving now. So, hope you don't want to get some. It'll be there when he gets there from 11 or two. We want, we got 475. We want to get to that 50 grand before this week is how to, we're going to be really pissed. He's out, old man. Falsa play off this. Oh! Good morning. This is former vast press event. And, eventually, dinner will act al-gore. I'm here to set the record straight of a mind-dorthment of Democratic-professential candidate Jane steam. It's Howard. Bob-Bob-Oe. Who eat? The 13 is the Nathan Orter. And word smoth. Not to mention, he makes a fine sausage. That's not him. They former governor for mod. And one of the prestigious Michael Thurup Guzzling Contests. Never happened. Hmm. Apparently, I have ruffled some feathers in the Democratic Party. Specifically, with my former running mate, Halle-Bersan. It's Joe Lieberman. If there's one man in the donkey party, that's leaving more whiny and monotone than me. It's Jim Leibowitz. Joe Lieberman. I pulled this endorsement from a secret lock box. I did so after much consideration. Thought. And a game of rock-paper-scissors. If Mr. Lieberman is heard that I'm sorry. But Joe, Joe, Landonburg. Lieberman must realize, I'm a sharp political man whose choices to shape our nation's leaders are important. You lost me. I can clearly show the list. Mr. Lionel Web. Lieberman. And Mr. Bean. King. I love you both. Like a game-and-wood. But without the Rumpular Invasion. I think we're done here. All course viewers over in that no affiliation of the Democratic National Committee to elect the president. Back home. 1034-56-19WQ. And by the way, we got the Paul Kirtman story on our website this morning. These people are keeping facts and stories. Then we already have on a website. It's kind of like, thank you so much. But yes, are we the New York Times? Thank you. Assels. Here's today's poll, which we already got a bunch of votes on here. How do you think to capture a Saddamal effect of 2004 election? Five choices for you. Big Booth for Bush puts him a far ahead. It's too early to tell lots of Schmidt happens. No difference. The Democrats are way behind the eight ball. That's what I voted. They're going to get their a crap together. Or Bush is in. He's in. Like Dan Rathers said, games set and snatch or something like that. He said, Sunday morning. Hey, Dan, book up a little bit. You asshole. God, I'm starting. Whatever little respect I had for him, which wasn't very much. I'm starting to lose it all real fast. Just like whatever little respect I had for Carlos Fakiri. Which I have no idea who he is. Here's the results so far. How do you think to capture Saddamal effect of election? 122 votes while I wasn't even looking. It's too early to tell lots of Schmidt happens. 60. The Democrats are way behind the eight ball. 21. That's right. Right. Correct answer. The big boost for Bush puts him far ahead 20. The interesting thing is not only doesn't seem to put him far ahead. For those of us who are praying that we don't have to go through four more years of fascism. But that big rally that's not a rally like yesterday. This is a run out market. It's actually went down a little bit. Anyway, a big boost for Bush puts him far ahead 20. Bush is in 14. And no difference. 7 out of 122 votes. Strong thumb and one of the great segregationists of all time. The racist group ball bastard who died last June at the age of 100. The late Senator Strom Thurman's family yesterday said it acknowledges a California woman's claim that she is his illegitimate mixed race daughter. Her lawyers said the statement brought her a sigh of relief. As Strom Thurman has passed away cannot speak from self-determined family acknowledges Miss. S.E. May washington Williams claim to her heritage. Miss S.E. May. Oh, that sounds like something from gone with your wind. Huh? I mean, now it's like Laquitia, a name's like that. Who had however ever heard of S.E. May? We hope this acknowledgement will be enclosure from his Williams, the family's lawyer J. Mark Taylor said in a brief statement. Contacted as or a facilitator confirmed he was speaking for the Thurman family but refused to give the tailor answer any questions, including whether the family was in fact verifying the claims of Williams. A 78-year-old retired teacher lives in Los Angeles. I guess back in those days in the day L.S. may was like a more popular name than Laquitia. Interesting part of this whole deal is where to hold is it? In seven decades of politics, Thurman gained payment information as an arts segregation as the later came to support a holiday for Slain Silver by Thurman Luther King. When he became seen, I was on a cent of floor. Williams claims Thurman fathered her with now listen to this. When he was a 22-year-old, L.S. parents-home and Edgefield, her mother, Carrie Butler, had been working as a maid in the Thurman's home. Guess how old the mother was when he knocked her up? Hold. 16. Huh. 16. Here is a right way in course he's dead now. I hope he's rotten and hell. I hope the worms are really having a good field day. Right wing, holier than thou, miserable, bigoted nasty rotten races son of a bitch, Stromtherman, and he and knocked up this chick, this black girl, she was 16 years old. How young is Thur young? Oh, I don't want to say he was like a hypocrite, but at least the one good thing is he's a dead hypocrite. Stromtherman, you phony band student, you're all the same. They're all doing it. The only difference is that some people admit doing it, and some people are too stupid to cover it up like take the dress to the cleaners. Anyway, let's see. Also, we got Joe Costellum, night 739, 30th, the glory hold, the glory day's grill. 47, 46, North Congress, seven, and that sounds like Palm Beach to me. Doesn't even see where the hell I like this, is that in a bointon? Yeah, I think it's in bointon. Man, I'll tell you, I know it's the holidays, but boy. Some people are similar to me, girls under a lot of stress with what your name be on a suspended list. 47, 46, North, would you stop playing that? What that is, that? Well, that one I know, but what's that other thing you're playing? That was just the same thing. Sounds like you're spinning a dreadal on Clarence's ass. That's dumb ass. He was just in here actually. I said, we're doing one. Hi, John, by the schedule by the way, Clarence Man, you really must be worn out for Last night's breaking into that new King Quill bed with a beast. You must just worn his ass out. And by the way, can I ask you that question? The Diane Sir wanted to know, can you describe to us just how smelly the whole is? I say that because I'm never going to let that thing go. I can't believe it. That's journalism, baby. That's America for it. A brilliant journalism. Can you imagine on the BBC, one of those distinguished reporters saying, Can you explain to us, I guess exactly how smelly that whole is that you're standing by? And I love the way that all these assholes from the various networks, the photo ops they give me, to you see them all crawling down to the wall. Yeah, Robert's an unseen and crying. Right. And trying to get an acrolym of the spider hole. Man. Anyway, so Joe and will be at 7393 to DiGloride's Real 4746 North Congress Avenue in Point and Pete with our best in the year, which you won't get any money for that. But drop off donations for their toy drive to make him feel better like somebody cares. So that's the agenda day. Scott is going to be at that gas station momentarily. We better raise some serious questions. He has left yet. Why not? I don't know. He's in here right now. Give him the CD. Get out of there. You geek, you jerk, you clown, you idiot. Get out. When it's out, get that out. Man. Pointing to right direction. Okay. Spin them around like a cradle. And put them in the right direction. Kick his ass off the door. Pointing to 11 at 5. See if we're going to take a lot of calls today. Maybe we're going to take a 1000 call. Not turn man. We're going to a clock today. Make no mistake about that. We got the oblovestyre for my dog. Mad dog's probably like the liken is wounds after last night anyway. What would think? Can you imagine the embarrassment and humiliation? I will say this to take the made of the game. You know what I mean? I didn't expect that. Because the Eagles are a far superior team. And they made it again. It was pretty entertaining. And when it was 24 24 for a thought. Well, let's say, you know, they could luck out. But did they luck out? No. Because the cream rises to the top. You know what I'm saying? Just like when the Patriots who I played in those two times. They had their chances. Couldn't do it. They took. You could hear those gagging and choking sounds all over North America. Hey, it's that great time of the year. Unless, of course, you have to go shopping and get those last night of holiday. Gifting you have to fight with everybody out there in the roads. And the stores, the lines, the parking. Make your gift giving a lot easier this year for you. And once you love a gift certificate from. File, macros. Call them right now at 1-800-MATRIS. Give the gift of your taking you for a year and a year out and night in and night out. Dilemators got gifts certificates in any denomination. Don't forget they got all top brands in the world including now. Stearns and Foster. They got the guarantee lowest prices anywhere in the world on Stearns. And the dentist Foster. And a beast and colonized night broke in their new King Coil bed from Dilemators. Did they show up on time? On time. Took five minutes. Took out the old bed. It was great. Took away the stained nasty, smelly soil. Biting with all that food you could imagine. The food stains on the beast bed. Oh my god. They took all the crap away set of the brand new one. And he was ready for a really hot night after the ball game. And maybe it had time with clearance. On a sales practice is fantastic. Unbeatable service. Every day low prices. Same day delivery. And free set up. I don't know if like we just said. I'll make it easy to see why Dilemators is unbeatable. They ranked number one in the world of customer satisfaction. So for the best service in the world for the best prices on the top name brand merchandise. Do what all of us secure. Do what we call the bedding experts. Dilemators had 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. You'll find it at macros.com. Happy holidays from our good close personal piezons at Dilemators. We're sports radio five six four. You a M. Women. Well, the blow has a football team. The greatest in the land. And everybody thinks they're great. But they feel it. The blow bill. So what do I mean? So just sing a little. When you say the blow. Super cool. And here the blow. Ball. Ball. Ball. That the greatest team. And the history of human race. The best way to stand up. Buffalo Bows. The greatest day. Since sliced bread and can't be. Yeah, there you go. And you're jazz up that redneck stuff. You listen to that banjo. Holy sweet God, listen to that. We say Buffalo Bills. It don't sound so redneck he doing. Everybody sing along now. How you bill fair. Here we go. Well, the Buffalo Bills are the best team. They have the best record over the last five years. And they went to the Super Bowl for a time which is what I can say for this. It's come something for you. And they're a great as well. Because I mean like that uniforms. They sure is hell. Be it the heck. Kind of having a fish on the helmet. Because they're down there. Buffalo whole Bills. The best football team. What I ever seen in the history of my life. They are the Buffalo Bills. The Buffalo Bills. The Buffalo Bills. The whole Jim Kelly, the greatest quarterback in the league. Yeah, everybody. The Buffalo Bills. They're the Buffalo Bills. And they've been around long enough. They're stinking right in fish. Well, they're the Buffalo Bills. Buffalo Bills. What would you rather have as a pedophile? The Buffalo World Fish. 1047 and 560 WCM. Thank you PR for reminding me to play that. Get everybody whipped up for Sunday. He also mentions and he's got a good point on the Northeast corner of sunrise. University is a Chevron. That's what I was afraid of. On the Southwest corner is that shelf station. And you'll have more traffic at Shell because they're always busy. They have crispy cream donuts. All right. That should do it. Kago. Ha ha ha. Let me say it again. Let's do the shelf station on the Southwest corner of sunrise and university. Okay. That's where we're going. Chances Scott Junior gets that right. Get whether it's Scott you jackass. Well, let me face it if there's crispy creams there. He'll fight it. Okay. 171 votes on a pole up here, which I only mentioned one time. Man, it must be something going on. You think there is? I don't know. How do you think the catcher is Sodom affected 2000 for election? It's totally the tell lots of Schmidt happens. 78. The Democrats are way behind the eight ball 34. Big boost for Bush puts him far ahead. 27. Bush is in 21. No difference. Only 11. Only 11 people say they can make no difference. We'll see. But a lot of Schmidt can't happen. That's for sure. Let's see. Here's the fact. New Jersey. It wasn't a news jersey by the boys in Pennsylvania. Be your close. The big bear how I see. New Jersey's big bear hunted with 328 confirmed kills. Vice President dictating reportedly killed more than 70 farm raised. Ring that president stirring her can't hunt. That wasn't Pennsylvania. We had that story on. I thought this was like something new and different. Not again. Think sure we had on days ago. Days ago I talked about that. Jesus. God Almighty. President Lincoln still hasn't seen the second act of the play yet. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Guess what else we're going to have to chew on this week. We said those trans coming out Thursday. That's a one o'clock Thursday. So we won't really be able to directly about that until Friday at length. Formal charges against Michael Michael expected this week. Formal charges against Pop star Michael Jackson will be filed late Thursday or early Friday. They Santa Barbara District Attorney's office had yesterday. VA Tom Stedden send the statement the charges would be filed in Santa Barbara's county superior court in Santa Maria. A working class town post ejections never land range. SNEDN earlier had put to file charges this week and scoffice actions. His case was falling apart. Everything will become clear when the charges are filed. He told her CNN's art here as nearly two weeks ago. Monday's statements had a news conference will be held tomorrow to clarify exactly when the charges would be lodged. So they're going to hold a news conference to tell you when they're going to make an announcement. And I think today later on they're going to hold a news conference to tell you what time they're holding tomorrow's news conference. Must be some slow news days this week. I guess it's a holiday. Okay, let's get a whole bunch of calls. Thousands of them before we get to the Rush Limbaustary. 567, now line one is working. I'm pretty sure about how come at the CNN? I don't know. It didn't work that well in the morning show. Oh really? I'd like to let that sound though, don't you? I thought we had a sound of the dial film, but just kind of the way of like kind of feeding back ribbon. Yeah, it was really good. Let me try it again. I'll leave punching out. See how that sound. 611? There's like a reverb on here. If you're like I'm on WADC without the money. 567, 056, so line one is like a half in and a half out. Okay? Got that for fix it. If he ever decides to show up, it's half in and a half out fix it. Kind of like a clearance was this morning when the beast woke up. Oh, I think I touched on a raw spot there. You know what I'm saying? I think I did better check yourself when you get home. Always good, especially somebody fattened squat like you. To have the rooms that have the mirrors all the way around. That we can just kind of like squat down and look to straight behind you. WDQAM helps. Hello. That was pretty funny, Neil. That's why they call it the rearview mirror. Yes, sir. All righty. Oh, you're happy. Oh boy. They've freed me. Oh, you're happy. Oh boy. They freed me again. Major asshole. Flat boys neighbor. Die, die Dave. Die just before the holidays will be really good. Just before Chinooka. So we have something to be grateful about. WQAM. Not there. They also like that. Look at that. What is going on with this phone screwed up today? We may have to play comedy bits all day to phone as a mess. WQAM. Hey, got a quick question. There is one that works. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm up in a foreign beach. I'm so sorry. And yeah, I'm happy one of the porkers up here. Um, what time are they going to have to van up there at the, uh, give her what? I think Lori Holdrill, 730 to 930. Oh, no. Yep. All right. I'm on days may roll soon by their later. Excellent. Say how did you get my kiss for us? All right. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Oh, you haven't seen him yet. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. I think it's going to be a lot of fun with these phones. They based that in a way they sound. See, because it's the holidays. And obviously, nobody really cares. We don't give a Schmidt. So we're just, you know, we're just fun and you. We just have a little good time before I bail out for a long, instead of vacation at the end of the year at the SN. George, uh, we'll be on all business week. That'll be good news for Teddy Botswana. Hey, Teddy, get your blow up. They'll already for next week. Man, you can be hopping on it for four hours every day. Ten to two Monday through Friday next week. George will be with you all day. Although, let's see. Now, what, uh, that can't be right. What happens? What do we have? We have, like, ball games on Christmas day or what? Next Thursday, December 25th is Christmas day. Okay. Yeah. Nobody works on Christmas day. I probably will. You will? I'll get you. I work on Christmas. I'll be damned. And of course, this Friday is the beginning of Tenuka, right? Yep. Friday night at sundown is it? But we got that Dave Stars Panthers hockey game on it. We also got the Humperwoody Day Wands That Show. Very, that should be good. Although hopefully if they're at least on the Dolphins part, if there, if Wayne's got any brains at all by Friday Dave Wands that'll be back in Chicago with a banjo on his knee, he'll be long gone. Why is he waited so so long? You think? What's he waiting for? Dave's a good guy. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. So in other words, only the good guys should have the jobs no matter how inept they are, like they've been boring and Dave Wands that. And that'll be at the world to be so much better place. I mean, you know, everything will be really crappy, but at least, I'm trying to think of somebody who's not a good guy who ought to get canned. Oh, one name comes to mind immediately. Would you agree, yes? Well, what happened to Dave? You probably, you, you, you have probably, you and Clarice will have to race out the door down the elevator, hand in hand, arm and arm and race home to hop on that new Kingcrummel mattress again. Just as a celebratory gesture. God, can you even begin to imagine the parties that would break just spontaneously all over the building on that day? Yeah, they hate to like poison mo and take it from the tub and the shrub and the toad and the load and all and other crap. I do like that thought I was cute. Yeah, the mad dog is on a new two to four sandwich between the toad and the load and the. Yeah, there's New York writers come up with that. Did he really? Yeah. Moe Corske did me with us this morning because he was resting his aching old bones after a long desperate night last night. I wonder if he was belly aching about the officiating. I was who was actually cuddly with Jay. Was he really? Would Jay roll peach? Not exactly. Oh, would Jay feel her and Jay roll peach to vote Jewish. Maybe he had Jay roll peach to let him have one of them tickles. WQAM. It's about that. Haven't heard from him in quite a while, Moe. Happy holidays to you, sir. WQAM. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I have a poll suggestion. Yes, sir. For a future poll. Always open for a good poll. Well, with the. The clearance is with the cellular phones that you can take your number and one. It would be like a two-part poll. Are you going to do it? And if so, who are you going to, which would tell us, you know, who people think is the best cellular of up there right? And they could, and then there could also be a choice. I don't have a cell phone. And there could be a choice. No, there are nine. I know it comes to the shock to you, but there actually are a few people. There are a lot too. Don't, who don't have a cell phone. There's one or two, yeah. Right. Not two. Okay. There was a program on another FRAM station. And a couple of weeks ago on a Sunday morning where they were evaluating cell phones. Right. There's cell services. Right. And I couldn't listen to it all, but. I mean, now that you can do it, I'd like to, I'd really like to hear what the population is there. You know, thanks, Rob. You're the best. That's a good suggestion. We'll do it soon. Thank you, sir. Thanks, Pally. Have a great holiday. Keep up the good work. All right. Bye. That is a good idea. Don't you think? I mean, it's not circulating. It's not like dynamics. It's not controversial. But I think, you know, it might be a little bit useful. That is the case. Maybe it'll kill a poll one day. And then we can get people to call it on their cell phones. We can find out what kind of service they got, what kind of phone we're using. And we can see how crappy it sounds, which in almost every case it will be our fall to equipment. It'll be a fall. Like it is today. I can't believe how bad it was. In fact, line one is ringing. This ought to be really good. QAM. Hello. Neil. What look how good that is? There is a bell. Yes, sir. Hi. I don't know if you discussed this yesterday or not, but I don't know if you noticed you as double-speak the 1984 or well-earing thing the government is giving us that they discovered, sedums, we're about by rounding up this family and close associates and conducting hostile quest units. Yeah. Which I guess is the nice way of saying that we torture people. Right. We plucked out their eyebrows in their fingernails and we said, well, how, how, when you want us to stop. Right. They asked them, well, who's going to get the 25 million? Oh, no one's getting it because they didn't volunteer the information. We dragged it out of it with hostile questioning. Well, no, they said the 25 million they can't give because the person who actually gave the exact location is already in custody for a huge terrorist act. So that's what they claim. Yes. So basically, we're the good guys, but now we torture people. Right. Is there any doubt? In fact, they had a guy in last night. It was talking about the psychological what they're going to do to Sodom now. They're not going to torture them because they would look, make us look really bad if it got out. But they're going to do all sorts of things just short of that. Like put him in a room where he's disoriented and put water on the floor and have really loud music like in a clockwork or stuff like that. And did you know it's how strong he looked in the video yesterday? Yeah, look, they said disoriented. Yeah, it disoriented because they're pumping him full of something. Ha ha ha ha ha. Have a great day, pal. Okay. See you. Hey, we wouldn't do that because we're America, baby. We used to be great. You're my normal. This is for Twitter. You're my secret. You way of. Hey. Stench of pal manure. Pover's over. This performance by the dolphin. Unmustacably. This is television at its bed. So what is the message there? The message is that there are no loans. There are things we know that we know. There are no unknowns. That is to say there are things that we now know we don't know. Strong. Be willedering words. But there are also unknown unknowns. There are things we do not know. We don't know. It merchants to be. Do you understand the words that are coming out of my mouth? I'm just talking. This is Robotic Words. This has been a presentation of ABC News. Hey, my dear, I'm thrilled. I hope everybody had a chance to take a puke at that. The picture of him shaking Sodom's hand. It really tights on our website on mirroredgers.com. 1983, 20 years ago. Shake it a hand. It's crazy. He was our beloved buddy over there. He was our ace in a hole. Now he's the ace in a spider hole. I just love that thing with the deck of cards. Oh, he was the ace of spades and Brian. Okay. Like a bunch of children. Speaking of children, Dave Heiz neighbor, Facts is in. I haven't listened to your show in a few months. No, call either. Oh, yeah, right. In a few months. You should live so long, Dave. Well, I was there. When I was out there in November. We were getting facts from him. Someone has told me that someone calls you show and you think it's me. It's not. I respect you when you show too much besides I used a facts not the phone. Regardless, Jeff Heiz neighbor, David. Right. Who's are you? No, he's listening right now. Hey, David. Hi, how are you? Get a life and it's not like that. Jeff Heiz former neighbor. Isn't that something? If that was your the thing you're tagged on your life. What did you do in your life? What were you known by? Oh, I was Jeff Heiz former neighbor. That's what made me known. That was my thing in life. Wouldn't you probably like just blow your brains out? Something to think about, Dave. Limball wants to keep seize medical records private. How do you like that? Tom. West Palm Beach, Rush Limball, fans investigators who seized his medical records Violated as privacy. He's asked for a court hearing to help keep the records from being released according to a petitioner's attorney's body yesterday. Limball argues that he cannot be treated for his serious medical conditions because the state seized all of his original charts and files last month and intimidated his doctors. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha His serious medical conditions. The Palm Beach County State attorneys orifice seized the records for its investigation into whether Limball engaged in illegal drug use and went doctor shopping for prescription painkillers. State attorney spokesman Mike Edmundson said yesterday that Limball's rights have been scrupulously protected. Limball's attorney, Roy Black, has previously accused the Palm Beach State attorney's office of having political motors for investigating whether they consider the radio commented about painkillers illegally, black did return phone calls on Friday. The search warrant list prescriptions for more than 2,000 pills for March 24 through September 26 this year alone. 2003. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. The rate data get out of your system. Once you're all those doll fans call in whining and whipping and moan today, right? I like the whole station doing that all day today. If they're going to be great, that'd be awesome. Having a cry fast. And then I heard that one guy call in Joe this morning whining about the officiating. You must have been the officials. Can you believe that? Good. Golly Miss Molly. It's always somebody else. It's a bad call. It's a crappy break. It's this. It's that it's not the gagging. See somebody with the Eagles kept doing it. Are you worthy of that on their helmets? They had calendars, like their large small page of counters. They said December on top. No way. Yeah. That's awesome. It's a good idea though. Yeah. So, it's a good idea though. Success it to the bills on Sunday. Soon as the dolphins manage, soon as that defense gets out there and it'll obviously say, Oh, December, they start gagging and choking and puking on it. Did the Mark Duper bring any of the good stuff last night? I don't. I'm sorry. Anyway, I did get it. Isn't it something how we're just supposed to forget about everything? He's a good guy now. You know, he's one of the going to honor Lee Roy Phillips. Who? Lawrence Phillips. What are they? Lawrence Phillips. Did I say Lee Roy? Oh, she's me. How about Cecil Liddissel? Cecil Liddissel's coming back. In fact, he's going to break into one of the eskab boxes in the middle of the night. Probably try to attack a Marty. 244 votes. How do you think the capture is sad. I'm a little affected 2004 election. It's too early to tell. Lots of Schmidt happens. 118. That's a good choice. The Democrats are way behind the eight ball 48. I voted for that to be spoken for that. They got a long way to go to get with it. Get with it. I'll a one good thing though. I'm serious. I hope that at least a few people saw hard balls last night. I've heard man. And so do I. Do you believe we're going to got just chopped up by Chris Matthews. Any audience you could tell was really aghast and most of his answers. It was just it was pathetic. Big loose for Bush puts him far ahead. The Sodom capture there he is again. We'll come both with all him. Lace 37. The Sodom that is. Bush is in 27. And no difference 14. Oh, look at that. There's Wesley Park. You know where he is right now. He's going to testify in the trial. He's in the needal lines. He's in the hay. Iraq is an international element's president of court. I think you have to be clear that that no. He's testified. It's a call. Slobby on the low. It can't be a court that can't impose the death penalty. I think the significance of the crimes. Mandates that that death penalty be on the table. Right on the table. In fact, just put his ass on the table and let the Iraqis have Adam. Just like the attempt to do with Mussolini, the only problem there as he was already did. 5. 6. 7. 5. 6. And they keep showing his file footage here of the phony's. There he is again. He wasn't seeing. There's the fake. It's like they're real sedan would stand there in the middle of a crowd. Not knowing who to he had a piece, you know? Who to he he can. Mandates people are crazy. WWE M. hello. What's up? Yes, sir. Are you doing first of all? That's a mobile on that sunrise corner. That's our watch. That's a crispy cream. No, no, no. That's not easy. None of these things. I'll be there. Um, did you watch the game? Did you hear that broadcast? That old seen how Michaels I used to like him. like him but it was called people by names of astronauts and stuff. Yeah, very well last night. When he just earned 80 al-micos, I think maybe it's time for him to start considering L. L. laying the mic down on the floor. One thing I thought Madden said when the first half was pretty interesting. And when he said that after fetus through a past that was like 20 yards from the nearest receiver, he said, you know, he said he's a tough competitor, feedler, but he's not accurate. And I thought, hey, somebody had to balls to say it. Wow, with somebody on this radio station at the balls that say one that should go besides the big old. He's only one when any balls that they did. And he, the end of the big old, is never any idea what he's talking about. So even he can see it goes to show you what a bunch of wins we got on here. That's a sucker. The big old giant fat dude that comes on later in the day with the fat just dripping off of him. Yeah. Yeah, I will not. He will not be critical ever. No, and Madden's worried about it. But wait a minute, don't forget you see, I'm not defending the load. But you got to remember the load has got to, he's got to interview the coach. So no matter who the coach is, he got to suck up because he does the coach's show. And then you got Mo and Madden on the dot who are employees paid employees by the dolphins for the broadcast. So you know, they're not going to whip the coach in. Should we go? We're happy. Remember, thanks, Jibben, when you went and looked at the turkey. And then you took that classic thing off the turkey. And it was just kind of like skin and fat. That's where the gang head looks like. We had the fudge just whip it off. Okay, listen, I've ever been holiday and bring some hand by he likes that too, even with not kosher. Rippin my poor friend the load. How do you like that? By the way, Hank will be on not as you will as today because he's dieting for the holidays. And we got Boogatoo, the Humperate 4. Ricky, William, sure what seven that should be really special if the Clevelander is a Daniela Bastard does a rim job on Ricky. And then you got the big old and he did a clock at a K10 and Joe Mark overnight. But his last guy is sucking up to the big, pretty embarrassing. The big old nickname is the voice of the angry fan, man. Is that what it is? Yeah, that's what they call him. I wouldn't know because I can't listen to him. He just, uh, that once he starts with that spanglish baby talk stuff, I just, it just leaves me limp. Anyway, wait to hear this. This alleviate limp even a pig like you. Contractor serve troops dirty food and dirty kitchens. Maybe not quite as dirty as the kitchens we saw there in Saddam's shack. The Pentagon repeatedly warned contractor Haliburton KBR that the food that served the US troops in Iraq was dirty, as were the kitchens. It was served in NBC News reports. Haliburton Kellogg Brown and Roots promises to improve had not been followed through, according to a Pentagon report that warrants serious repercussions may result if the contract didn't clean up and clean up the rack too. The Pentagon reported finding blood all over the floor. 30 pans, dirty grills, dirty salad bars and rotting meats and vegetables in four of the military messes the company operates in Iraq and B.C. said, citing Pentagon documents. So are we dead again? Blood all over the floor. 30 pans, dirty grills, dirty salad bars and rotting meats and vegetables. Any scallions or green onions? The report came as president George W. Bushfender off Pentagon reports that Haliburton KBR over charged $61 million for gasoline and sold a military in Iraq. Dick Cheney ran Haliburton for five years until becoming Vice President and Commander Assistant Commander in Thief. The company feeds 110,000 US and coalition troops daily to cost a 28 bucks per troop per day in B.C. said the B.C. said he could even eat breakfast for that amount. The Pentagon found unclaimed conditions at four locations in Iraq, including one in Baghdad and two in Tukrit. Even in the mess hall where Bush served troops to Thanksgiving dinner, it was dirty in August September, October, according to NBC. The public cleaned it up a little bit when he got there. When he had that fake bird. This adds up to a company that arrogantly is over charging when they can get away with it and not providing the quality of service that they agreed to do, representative Henry Waxman, a California tool NBC. Haliburton Kellogg Brown and Route told NBC that hostile conditions post special challenges as they served the 21 million meals so far to the troops at 45 sites in Iraq. We've taken quick action to improve the company said as they burst aside that rotting meat. God almighty, that's unappetizing. That's the thanks we give to our troops. We're putting their lives online over there in Iraq where they shouldn't be in the first place. Is defeat them a bunch of rotting bloody crap. Lovely. Nice going. I can mention of course the screwing the veterans are getting a rare at home from these chicken hawks. I think these are the people that put the con in the con. I guarantee that. If I'm on a set for 11 at 560 WQM, how's that pull coming? Boats are just pouring in. 270. Not like yesterday. Of course yesterday was the that was like the unleashing of all the emotion that saw him crap over the weekend. Well, there's Nick Robertson and he just called out of his hole. Hey Nick. Can you describe to us just how smelly the hole is? He probably never met screw in yet. 560. 560. 560. 560. 560. 560. On the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line is try out of Spina Square and it's try out the knee. I don't know. Try the boy you haven't haven't seen him around. No. We have to get some people off these suspendalists and tavern hallways in the new year. You don't go suspending people right around a holiday time at that. That's like stations like cheap channel always fire people right before Christmas. On a basket. Hey Pete Bolder. Believe you. Me. There's a whole special section in hell. Just wait on your ass. You jackass. You grave robber. You ax murder. You. Peony Bolder. You and David Ross. And one of the wolf think. Man. Hope you. I hope you have a gigantic posture. We'll open up on your ass. I've got to just in time and holidays. Okay. I hope it gets infected in rods. 1113 at 560 W. The moon. Just wouldn't be Christmas without a Vermont teddy bear under the tree and adults love as much as the kids do. The mother and cup said is perfect for mom. You can add as many cups as you need with your kids name on the offeter. So the babies first Christmas bear and put the babies name on the bib. Each Vermont teddy bear is handmade and Vermont will last forever. Call or friendly bear counselor toll free at 1-800-829-bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com. There is guaranteed to be a perfect bear for everybody on your list. Like the Santa Bear or the peace on earth angel bear. As you can send your wife a girlfriend to fun bear with an attitude like the Holiday Heart Throb, wearing silky heart boxes in a Santa hat. You won't believe the reaction you'll get and what else you might get. Order now to have the bear delivered over night or Christmas week. Call 1-800-829-bear or shop online at the Vermont teddy bear.com. Tell the old Neo-Torden call for the holidays or any special occasion. 1-800-829-B-E-A-R. Fly and local. We are SportsWideal 560-U.N. 2 AM. Oh! Oh! Miami has the dolphins there, the worst football team. They club the ball from goal to goal like no one's ever seen. They're on the ground that's where they'll stay. They're never in control. And when you say Miami, you're talking toilet holders. They're the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many jeans and a lead? By her shirt, man. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Don't bet on them. You'll always lose. They don't know how to tackle. They don't know how to block the... No. Their coaches ought to tell them to put their day in their trucks. But then they would run much faster and even into feet. When we go to the stadium, we'll see Miami. And they're the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many jeans and a lead? I've got a good man. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. The team that hasn't got a clue. Miami has the dolphins, but the dolphins have no fans. Just 50,000 assholes. Sitting in the stands. They watch the game and all they do is mowing. I've been bitch. I wonder how Joe Abbey got to be so goddamn rich. And they're the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many jeans and a lead? I've got a clue. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. I hear the crowd peek into blue. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. The dolphins have faith-feetwork. That quarter backs at you. Run down the field and he will throw up past over you. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh never win. A super ball you shouldn't be surprised. When he gets cut, that doesn't mean that he was circumcised and there. I am a dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. How many jeans and a lead? I've got a clue. I am a dolphins. Miami dolphins. Take all his signals and he brews. But dolphins have no defense and their offenses at Joe. Like George Bush eating pretzels. You know they're gonna choke. They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race. With fewer points than Park Marks on high singers. Like we face in there. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Number all what the hell? 32. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Now they're free. Miami dolphins. 11 to 21 at five, 60s and they still got those two games. Baby they're still. We still got a shot. You know I'm saying. Still got a shot. Denver's gotta lose to a row and Voldemort's gotta lose and Tennessee's gotta lose. Everybody else in Leeds gotta lose. In fact, both teams play an all remaining games have to lose and it all fills have to be the bills and the jets. Think it's gonna happen? No. What do you think? No, no, I said we Oh the past year. Yeah, we got a shot. See don't don't lump yourself in with a losers Just like the hockey thing, you know, oh I last that I'm watching a little bit of that too in between hardballs and the adult ones and all other stuff I'm watching and Here's my good close personal buddy the rim man. Oh my gosh these youngsters in the organization and this kid is gonna be great You know, I don't know how long they think they can keep pedal lag. Yeah. How long you? You have only every announcer for every team. No, I'm not playing in rumor But I'm just saying that that whole this is the this is the storyline and to keep trying to pedal to the public. It's not gonna fly Allen. It's not gonna fly public and buy in it They're not showing up even the people with a freebie tickets are insuring showing up That whole thing. I mean that goes back years now the youngsters in the organization Yeah, they do have some good young kids out there But first of all nobody knows who most of them are because the the names keep changing like every couple of weeks You need to have a scorecard with a pencil and a bigger racer and number two You can't have a team made up of all youngsters in the organization and a team that's $117 million or maybe 20 million a year whatever it is They got real tourists baby. They got problems and I don't say that with a delight. I think it's gonna be a sad day when hockey leaves South Florida But I think it's just inevitable boring some kind of a miracle You see hockey being around in South Florida assuming that they somehow the NHL and the players union resolved the thing even with one year off You're thinking five years if they're still in NHL is gonna be a team in South No, no, no, no, no, no, I don't see it But the commissioner was down he had so much fun. Yeah, oh yeah, the commissioner missed your blue sky See that nose is so big every time he looks up to the sky He can't see what what's really going on up there So it could be snow and five feet of snow in the middle and and he'd think the summer shining it was a 90 degrees You missed the great interview that Goldie did with the commissioner at the game on the big oh I can imagine a color of that time after that Kelly really give him a good lick job Huh Oh, come on don't be playing that. Oh, yeah, you're sorry actually Goldie did a good job Then had a little joke at the end and he said, you know commissioner here you're gonna bring the all-star game back to South Florida And Gary that meant a lot of the way it was funny up the button. Yeah What a jerk that Gary Batman man everything is fine in this market is a great hockey market and everything really is in place here and all this other bull crap Everything is always fine. You know he could be laying intensive care with blood pouring out of every porn his body. Oh, don't worry everything's fine Speaking of everything. That's so fine in Hallendale City opposes Miriam elephant is MLK parade leader. This is so tragic Ludicrous it's all that's even more embarrassing than having Mark Duper there at that ballgame last night getting in a ward Even though you're sucking up because you just would Anybody who's a jack you'll suck up to him am I right? Part of even if they brought Cecil a diesel in right now and said and right there across music Hey Cecil man you really were great to bad things didn't work out for you Who's the guy that tried to commit suicide from Michigan state that they signed after the Packers dump them Tony Oh, I the defensive livin. Yeah. I forget his name. You know I'm talking about yeah I think it was from the Vikings wasn't he Vikings packers one of them Nordic teams one of them Nazi teams up there. I don't know Put it any radius from Michigan state. He tried to commit suicide. That's a kind of guy if he they brought him in there right now He said hey nice comeback, baby Maybe we can send you back to school. Maybe you can get a scholarship for the hurricanes even though you're like about 34 now No problem for his good enough. Who is that old quarterback that they had with like about 40 years old a few years ago Who you know the one I'm talking about the hurricanes come on the old guys You know a red Florida state had Chris Wiky was like no no you know Gino Toretta He was like 45 years old Plan yeah, he was All right If he wasn't for if he wasn't at least 40 he made George Glenn to look like a teenager City opposed is elephant is MLK parade leader organizers of holiday. Oh, Viches Martin Luther King, no junior parade It names suspended brow with supervisor elections Miriam elephant is the parade's grand marshal sparking a new battle with city officials who prefer somebody else anybody else Are you people crazy and how they are what I forgot it's the sunny Rosenberg factor? It's the outhouse gang factor again Officials of the city which is contributed 50 grand of the January 19 parade want 85 year old moddy James recipient of the city's MLK humanitarian award to serve as the grand marshal and they're questioning to decision by members of the predominantly black-growth West Mimi Syvica Association in selecting elephant who was suspended by governor bush last month and made charges of late opening polls on a uncounted absentee ballots and faded up-date voter rolls among many other issues City officials on the civic association Plan to meet of our night to discuss the issue a potential compromise could be in the worst There are early talks about elephant and James who's also black sharing the honor writing in the front line convertible Long-me parade route waving to the crowd Mary, a melvin. Let's give her let's have a ticker tape arrayed for her for a great job that she done Only in South Florida man. In fact while we're at it. Why do we have a parade for Theresa LaPortwell? Super ass down from Bobby Scouty honor her for them great butterfly balance And we can also ship over a Catherine Harris okay before she makes her big bid let's bring Catherine Harrison there too and Columbus bush and all of the other crooks 26 past 11 at 560 WCM at pole managed shape and up not looking too good either How do you think the capture is Santa most same will affect the 2004 election? Maybe it's not that bad 318 votes and almost half say it's totally until Lodge management happens 157 49.0% say hey lots of crap can happen Democrats are way behind the 8th ball 63 big bush for bush put some far ahead 49 bushes in 31 and no difference 18 What a day down to was crypto But that he doesn't do if you play for the fish I guess my girlfriend forgot the kill And another bitch was someone else's wifeizado Bl tic morals do It's that scared of me People will be down I got a second pull for starting a noon. I'm inspired. You know what okay? You're gonna like this okay? What athlete was the biggest comeback ever to play for a sound Florida team? Wow, did that great? Yeah Give me a name to start. Well, how about Cecil Collins that works? Okay Fresh in our minds right now give me one more name. Well, you learn you got a fun orange for Lawrence Phillips. Okay By the way, but if somebody get that broad out of the locker already He's starting to make a lot of noise Lawrence Phillips Okay, now we're gonna have to Facts this I guess the error if you're gonna have to let communicator something like that. Are you ever even talking him? No I don't know what do you sound like you're in such a good mood. No, hey Eric's doing it baby. He's on top of it He's right on top of the goddamn buffet. By the way, I'm I just dug into another shake here Oh, another one was interesting. Yeah, damn good thing. They're delicious. They really are not bullshit. You know I and I'm talking about the audience and they don't make you crap your brains up. They don't have any malt at all in them Do not ever Ever get those acnes a dive bars. Yeah, I try that. I try that once and then they can shake me Me No, you're probably thinking of the advantage bars the ones that taste really bad the original icons once They taste off, but they don't make you crap at the new ones the begins with an E would indulge your in They make all they can do it like peanut butter cups. I try them once and oh my goodness. Yeah, same effect horrible Wow, I had a two hour session here last two days near Wednesday when I went over to a was it was like the end of the world I would have thought I was about 80 pounds easy So here's the next poll probably have some calls on us some suggestions one athlete was the biggest scumbag never play for South Florida team I guess we'll change it at one okay by the way then that player was something underwood right the defensive line then Tony underwood no Damien underwooders. No not Damien was not Damien was a major Underwood. They're very good. I am so proud of the base to me trius under it was actually jobs that to be trius, but I got the underwood Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha like I said nice going Josh the meat here's underword what are they what are they? The overs and unders under me just under or overwood I remember I friend the load my close personal friend back in the days when the Cecil stuff was going on and you know I can't get along great I love Hank, but he was so desperate to try to like, yeah Because when you get close to the team you can't be objective. This is one thing that bothers me about our station Is that we got too many people on you who are very close to coaches or players and you can't be objective like all I'm not messing in no names. I'm absolutely Like guys that have their head up J. Fiedler's hands. Yeah, our from Boca right He's not the only one. We've got some other people on the station. We're very very I get a use of that a lot we get some Dan marino liquors on there always no matter if Danny had a crappy game that always makes excuses You know, but the fact that a matter with Beckwin Cecil the story was going on and and the load said well Maybe he was just trying to take a look. Maybe just want to take a look When he broke into broads window, you know Anyway, I talked to myself. It's kind of like when you go into a department story You know and you're kind of browsing around on the salesperson comes over the may I help you and you say no just looking And so when the woman's husband came and said what you doing here, man? I'm just looking maybe he just wanted to get a look Really that was a bad moment. Maybe his blood sugar was about 800 that day. He just wanted to get a look Do Now speaking of people who are a little bit off how about Scott you and you're weird now. We decided where he's gone And we actually yeah, he's there. He's at the shell At the shell where there is no shoulder He said he's he's already there at the shell. Is that some where you know? Well, no, that's that's not gonna cut it to shell where there's a shell. I'm trying to think in my mind There's a show on broad and university We've been there but we already been there sunrise and university. Now let's see. I'm getting confused. Pine Island University. That's that's the shell. Right? I don't know. I don't venture to broward. So who knows? You don't venture to broward? No, I live in the MIA. I live in the 305 How can there be a pineapple and university? It's like they they run parallel. I mean, Pylon on sunrise That's where the shell stations I'm thinking of sunrise in university. That's one where there's a fuckpuckers on a one corner Maybe a Scott Generkin give us a call back and let us know there's a mobile across the street And I'm sure the guys right. I'm sure it's a Chevron next to those awful movie theaters there where I saw God How the 300 years ago? Never saw Huh But I'm we're just trying to figure out what we can I say we could tell the audience where the hell he was that might help a little bit or Maybe we can start a new deal when we do the fundraiser find a QAM van You had I would be good we could play where the world has Scott Junior right and only hope for the best None of us like far away. Okay, so we'll start like about I don't know when we feel like it maybe 1230 We'll change the poll because we gotta get some names on there to meet you as underwood. That is the guy that tried to commit suicide Why is it this issues? Why why is it that they always think they can we have scumbags like Lawrence Phillips because Generally speaking I think that people in professional sports really when you can't write down with they never met a scumbag They didn't like if they can help win them some ball games if they can put some asses in the stands Put some cash in their pocket solidified their job. They don't give a crap what you did or who you did around that crap Am I right? Why don't I just didn't ask you because you were your hook or a cool guy 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T Verizon line WQAM QAM You doing uncle Leo pretty good sir. Okay, I'll couple a quick point. So grievance would be good because you could need it on the ATkins Right, I dropped 25 and two months for the ATkins which is good I have no few mentioned that's the last couple of days. I didn't hear it But did you hear about those prayer partners would be child services did you ever bring that up? The prayer partners? Yes, the Department of Services job services at the time welfare They're getting together with churches and prayer groups to take one specific worker and they're gonna pray for those people to be able to do their job properly Oh Yeah, they're guy who ran it from Oklahoma said then it worked well in Oklahoma so we're gonna be able to do it here It's more of a compliment. I think you know something. I think the civil war was a waste of time I think that the North and South was a good idea. I do too, but yeah It's just you go live with these people down here and it's a shame. How do you thought the wonderful day kneeling on our feet the quarter soon? Zion is on Marks fits Patrick it says depregnant wife leader. Well. That was the accusation of course most of us believe in Mark fits Patrick Nobody's gonna remember who that was he was a I would want to say yeah. He was the backup goalie for the big user Mark fits Patrick I'd you think that we should put John van Bees were Connor because of his racially grotesque unacceptable comments I got him can from his minorly coaching job here in the camera. You know those after he left here. Oh Well, you have to do you want it to be why they were here? I want to put somebody under the river can vote for Oh, he hates him. He despises the user I can say that now he ain't never gonna be coming back to town. He hates Christian like poison Do you know that the day that he got in trouble for the inward all of that other stuff? I was on a plane coming to Toronto. He was on the same plane with his family Didn't say hello to me. I didn't say hello to him. I don't know why just kind of like looked other because then born again Christians I'm always like a little suspicious, you know and Then sure enough later that day or the next day the whole story blew about his big racist mouth Born again Christian, you know the geezer he didn't really mean it 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line WQAM Hello Mia. Yes, Michael cocaine Irvin Michael Irvin, excellent. Thank you. These take a big too happy about that though Yeah, they had the White House issues and Dallas. Yeah, he had a few issues. You know what I'm saying? Nothing really big just a little Little head cool like a bonus nose And you notice the Jimmy Johnson connection. Jimmy never met a scumbag. He didn't like Recently It's a big blow! Oh it's still like I can't wait to hear that you live on a co-pain. The former NFL Mac had a good much further drag, co-pain. Oh right. Did you see a middle beach acting just like Stacey Kees cooking? Oh my like cry healthy why did you buy her cooking? oh I love me, I rise for cocaine My god, I've been got caught in a carway before To kill Oh They play fun for our brothers Now they're all new just cocaine I'm 45, it's gonna be a tough battle Which athlete was the biggest comeback never played for some photo Timmy got a shirtless so far, we'll have lots more I'm sure Cecil Collins Lawrence Phillips To make use underwood I mean he would, I don't think he ever actually played Did he play a game? I'm feeling excited He's excited He's excited And then he freaked out again Mark Fitzpaptic or Michael Irvin And that's the start You're gonna be so psychotic all of you when you hear this Baby Cardinal says US treated syndrome like a cow A top-edic official said that he felt pity and compassion for some of the people Surrounded according tom F lier The imperative of doing the law He would always have to do it I mean, that's one thing. I agree with him on that, but we treated him like a cow. What do they want us to do? Caterm like a nice Christmas dinner? I felt pity to see this man destroy the military looking at his teeth as if he were a cow. They could have spared us these pictures said Cardinal Martino. Seeing him like this, a man in his tragedy is about all the heavy blame he bears. I had a sense of compassion for him. See, they want things just like Jimmy Johnson. The Vatican never met a scum bag, they didn't like. Martino was referring to the video tape released by the US military. Martino was one of the Vatican officials most strongly opposed to the US-led invasion of Iraq. He said it was true we should be happy that the arrest is coming about because it's the watershed that was necessary and hope that this will not have worse than the serious consequences, but it's not the total solution to the problems that the Middle East he said. Martino said the Vatican hoped the arrest of Sodom can contribute to promoting the peace and democratization of Iraq, but he said it seems to me to be a loser. We don't hope this will repair the dramas and the damage of the defeat for humanity that it will always bring about. And it goes on and on. I can agree with him about all other stuff, but about he feels sorry for Sodom who killed hundreds of thousands, maybe a million people because we treated him like our cow. We looked inside of his mouth. Oh man. He said it was a fucking apart cell by cell. But that'd be great. Could drive that out for months and months, maybe years, make it into a mini series. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. So strong thermon, not cup of 16 year old black girl. It's kind of like shades of Thomas Jefferson all over again. Although generally speaking when you think of Thomas Jefferson, you don't think of strong thermon in the same moment. I could be wrong. And what do you think about that idea of going back to a separate north and south again? All of my grumps, they can have the south back again, all the red necks, all the yaw, who's the trailer trash, they can have the south back again. And the civilized people can all live in the north. Okay, we'll have to give some little extra clothing like I got here. Oh, the blades brothers. Brian blades. Is that the only one? Yeah, the receiver. Yeah, Brian. Well, there was two of them. Betty was the final. Benny in the jets. Betty was with the alliance, right? And Brian played for Seattle. And he went to his yellow. Then his works and said, oh, we don't have time for anything. I wasn't done in a certain, which is agent. He said, he's got to go out to training camp. He's got to run fast and jump high. Something like that. Or get high. Brian plays. Boy, you inspired me for the next bit. There's biggest gun bags. They got his shot and killed this cousin. Can't remember the name. Uh, did you hear the big news story this morning? The Coast Guard caught 50 illegal immigrants on a boat in Miami. Can you imagine illegal immigrants on a boat in Miami? Not really. I never heard of a thing like that. What a concept. Market down. Market on the counter is that December 16, 2003, there were illegal aliens on a boat. Maybe we got another alien. A little some for next year. But it would be great. Wouldn't it be good? Have another alien to carry us over for months and months of a week in the screen and yell on how we get all the more old, crazy, or cuban callers back in again. Go on. Like that. How many QM? Hello. Hi. Yes. Yes. You got another comment for you. Okay. I'm on Nage's Avenue Fort. Remember he said the UM guy was took a dump on that monkey basket in U.M. What was his name? Nage's Avenue Fort. Nage's? Nage's. I'm so pleased. Yeah. I know the thing. I remember that show when I was a little bit exactly. I remember that show when Hank was trying to be saying what's before this. She said he said he just wanted to look around. No. He was just trying to dip his wig. He said he said. You remember now? That was part of the ongoing. Yeah. He just wanted to dip his wig. That was before. That's how the hell I'm getting in that book of brand. That's right. It's like I was before the facts came out. All right Neil. I'll be good day. Thanks, Palau. Have a great holiday. You probably would be pretty familiar with Nage. Nage? Yeah. Sure. You should even know how it's smell. Probably you should know what the aroma was. What he had for dinner night before. You know what they say? Jimmy crack corn and Nage aided. 560560. Pound. And 60. On the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Got like that. That's a whole lot better. We'll change it around 12. About 30 minutes. About 12.30. So we find out where Scott Junior is yet? No. He hasn't called in to tell us where he is. No. What a jerk, man. What an idiot. I just don't understand it. How do I do understand? It's a QMF in a way. I mean, if you're totally incompetent, if you're like having got a clue, what the hell What would, what side is up on which side is down? You're hired. Believe me. She is much as I like Ferrell. A lot. The fact that he brought him in drag him along with him. That was part of the baggage we had to put up with. 5675. Ferrell didn't really bring him in. He just kind of followed. He followed him. Down the Hershey Highway. How do you think the capture's ensemble affected 2,000 for election? That's pool number one. Today we got 374 votes not too bad. It's totally a tell. Lots of shit happens. 182. We got 11 months to go, baby. The Democrats are way behind the eight balls. 75. Be quoted for that and so did I. They got to get with it. Get with it. Hop on it. Big boost for Bush puts him far ahead. 57. Bush is in 38. King set match. And no difference only 22. I don't know. I didn't know. The market is up a little bit today, but it has nothing to do with that. It has to do with the housing starts. They hit the CPI went down to 10 to avoid. But we had a record on a number housing star on all the other bullcrap. So that was up 61 and has that down about eight. The community anything? No. The good news is that Walmart said their sales for a In the cramper. Not good. Not a good report from Walmart to which we say. Oh, right. Anything that's bad news for Walmart is good news for American University of the World too. WDQAM. Right. Yes, sir. I have a. I have suggestions for your talk. Go right ahead. Ramon Castro. Ramon Castro. Yeah, he's the the Marlins catcher who's Oh, the rapist alleged. Yeah, I forgot all about that. He deserves a place on there. He deserves honorable mention right. Exactly. Thanks a lot, Pally. You got a baby. I have a red holiday. Ramon Castro, of course, again, that's still in limbo right. He hasn't got a trial. Right. Yeah. What have been so many, you know, so many scumbags and so little time. Who else was it to Dolphin said he used to snort the chalk lines? Who was that? Which one? Well, give me a name. I don't know. I'm just picking a number out of the air. Oh, come on. You got to know what I'm talking about. I have no idea. Okay. Fine. Oh, here's a good one. Nice going. My complication. Excellent choice. So they can suck. Oh, never stole a freight train. But other than that, he done it. It said he's definitely a scumbag and a soft load athlete. All the way. I don't think he actually played here. Well, he's a soft load a. Wow, you're right. Maybe it doesn't qualify. I never played that cross it out. Sorry. Never played for South Florida team. I'll tell you, as a scumbag and different category in my book. You can know most people would not agree. And that's the punch master. How do you Marlon send punch back? I just can't deal with a guy who built a gigantic statue. He was a monument to himself and his yard. And then number two says, Oh, gee. You know, seven million earplust. The three million at the first year's got 10 million ear to the next two or three years. I coulda that ain't good by me enough. Beep. Or he knows to keep my ass as fat as it already is. When you say the qualified. When you say the scumbag. Well, rumor. I've heard through the great mind. Yeah. That when he left Texas, he was completely had no money. Oh, you like every other professional athlete just got involved. Cash. What is she? So, you know, he needs to support the lifestyle. Maybe he's got a little bit of a yam or a yager problem. Maybe he likes to go to Vegas and you know, world of ice. A little bit. Put him on there. Pudgerad Regas. He might get some votes. Just not a frustration from people that are pissed off about his crappy attitude. All this all the, you know, they kept saying, Oh, this is going to come to an end to when I can spend this kind of wild money and all this craziness is going to never go. Never going to end. It's destroyed an national hockey league. They're about done. They're about finished destroying baseball and it keeps saying, Oh, no, we're going to stop with that seven million and enough. Ten million and enough. What did he hit like two ninety seven last year? He was big in a playoff. Sam, do a sports show now. Damn it. That's a lot of things. But he's the animal to get like 16 homerons. Yeah. Is that worth like 10 million. Is that worth 10, 12 million dollars a year? No. Pudgerad Regas. You make me sick to my stomach. And I used to like him. I used to have to use to admire him. I thought he was a hell of a player. He's no a rod. He's no pay rod. Oh, that's your team. Your team. They're making it. Ramirez pay rod. They all keep reading about it in a Boston Globe. What? I hope so. You hope so. You are settled with his 25 million year. I hope you have to pay all of it. And then I hope he breaks his leg and opening day. Five six seven. I can't stand him man. It just leaves me to limp. Leave me to limp. I mean, it would be like working in a radio station where they pay you a fortune. Everybody else is working for like five six bucks an hour beast. Yeah, I know that deal. Yeah. Oh. WDQAM. Hey. Mark. Mark. Mark. Mercury. That's it. Good morning, man. Number 22 in your heart number 40 a 427 85 in the prison cell. And I would say play for four or part senior. But it's play for team not here. He had been able put a results right back on or good point. Thank you. Mercury more a sold mark. He was on QA for about five minutes. And Jose can suck or makes it back on list. Good point. Play his high school balls. Hey, Jose. What's that in your hand? Ha ha ha ha. Oh, him and his brother just seemed to have you know what it is? I think trouble follows him around. You don't mean by the way. Yes. By the way, something. So a bachelor suggested this is a great website which which details every criminal athlete there ever was. Really. So if you want to go in there in the break, you can probably find some good ones. It's okay. That's when cracksmoker.com. Oh. Great. Cracksmoker.com. I'm surprised. Didn't have Mark there with the duper and Clayton last night. A duper and Clayton were great. Dumb not knocking and they were great. And I was even a doll fan during those years. Can you believe that? No. Throw it all of the games. Me and Fat Rich, the Fat Man, getting there early and a big sub sandwiches from down Ring Kindle. And then Fat Rich would bring all his silly hurricane fan buddies over there with their hurricane outfits on. And I finally said to myself, you know what? These people are a bunch of jerks. This is for more ons. If there's one thing I cannot stand it's a mole of the newly run. My cool cool. This is 560. Rears on your tongue. A few in. I am proud you're now. Rush late noon. And I like to rub my snabby gorilla ass with soap made from jewels. And listening to the new. Okay. I'm gonna use the hour. Check out. Oh, the other night. What's there a fight on the core of the July? But now his cousins get up all it in the head. What happened? We don't know. Something fishy smells. But he won't tell. So will last bright. What did you do? Rye. What did you do? Seems not so long. He was standing on his phone. And he was crying. Rye. Rye. Rye. It's hot to warm. In this stand. It wasn't as. So then. Who? With some shots flying. I don't know why. Your agent who. Claims the car. Reports on truth. I want you know some more. So tell me what's the score. Rye. What did you do? Wack said that until he. Or just maybe. Y'all. What did you do? Rye. What did you do? Yes. Now he's gone. And from this moment on. We're asking Rye. Rye. Rye. Rye. Rye. Rye. Rye. Come on for. At five, six, being. WDC, where I am. So many places got some tourist. Recently. Know that this month. Really? Did you know then? So you're learning already. Now, did we hear from the sky junior? Yeah. Actually just called he. He is at a shell. That's kind of the mean.Bryan? Finding a certain cause, you know. Nothing. You know he's a high. CDiszi. Cise. University and sunrise in Prestige's plantation. And he'll be there to a clock and bring all the cash you got for a band of per rescue and he can drop off some toys too for that Joe Martroidrive. Vinnie Blades from a lion that Vinnie Blades was put him on by the way to edit him to list. And Sammy Smith, which I remember Sammy just before you sent me the facts, but to been psychic powers again. Vinnie turned himself into authorities yesterday and always, uh, what's the third, two weeks ago yesterday? The face charges of being a deadbie dead. Blades who played defensive back for nine season with a lion's which charged with failing to pain your late 300 grand in child support to the mother of a 12 year old Southfield girl, one of six children he fathered with six women. I guess that qualifies him for scum bags that has done it. He was also charged with child abandonment. Blades 37 of plantation Florida. Oh, I turned himself into the Wayne County Sheriff's Department said Matt Davis a spokesman with the Michigan Attorney General's Office. As of Monday evening, that was the third he hadn't posted. Bon interview with a Detroit Free Press. Blades said he wanted to work out a set him up with a girl's mother, but her lawyer refused to talk to him. And it goes on at great length. In 1989, a judge ordered Blades to pay 860 bucks a week in child support for the girl. But Blades said he thought the order had been modified to reflect his current salary as a substitute teacher with a Howard County school district in Florida. All right, excellent. Hey, teach. What do you got anything good? So we got that. We got the Sammy Smith, Benny Blades, any other ones? This cracks muckery dot com is interesting, but it's it. I'm only able to find the December thing and their Hall of Fame as well. Here's still another dolphin running back that I can't think of where L. was. It was a notorious little most problem. Well, somebody come up with it. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. The bookstore put a mad dog at two. Hank Goldberg in the studio. The, um, what is it again? The load. Thank you. We on four to seven. Ricky, what do you have to show? 788. Ricky, get a haircut. Do something man. You look gross. You may have me look good, which I thought was impossible. You make the people in much you all look good. Ricky on that crack. You go by sports on the left there. See NFL NBA MLB. Oh, you. See whatever sport you want. You can find the assholes. Well, I don't have like all day. I mean, you got plenty of time on your hands here to dittle around with it. Cracksmoker.com, message board. The new Kobe Kobe, you watch line. I don't see where you're looking at. I guess I have to scroll down a little bit, huh? I got to scroll on the other side. That's what I didn't do. Oh, yeah, you're right. NFL NBA, Major League Baseball and a cell and CWA basketball. All kinds of good stuff. You be right. Okay, well, you got a lot of time to fart around with that. I don't. I'm on your trying to fake my way through. I mean, do a great radio show. Hey, listen, it's the holidays, man. Don't expect too much. How's the other pool coming? Let's wrap that other one up at 12.30 and get this on. I'm kind of interested to see. 424 votes. How do you think the capture of Sodom will affect the 2004 election? It's totally a tell. Lots of Schmidt happens 204.48%. The Democrats are way behind the eight ball 82. Big boost for Bush puts him far ahead. 69. Bush is in 44 and makes no difference on the 25. Only 25 of you say, yeah, and could make no difference. No, how? I'm what is this thing you just sent me? I've already got this story. Thank you very much. It's on our website about the Texas woman busted for a hockey erotic choice. Thank you. It's on our website. I got to get to it or not. But I do like this pool. I don't think this is a great pool. And not an easy choice. If you had a vote right now, see I'm not going to ask you because you're not objective. You will not vote for anybody who went to do with him. Would you? But see you probably know some of these punks personally. You probably share it's a pretty good story with some of these people. And got to let you know what else you shared with them. Couple two three. Yeah. WQAM. Yeah, I got the run-and-backed and yields looking for it. Okay, who is it? Mr. Mercury Mars. Now he's on there. Are we going there? Old Merck. I didn't hear him. I didn't hear a message. All right. Thank you. Mercury Mars is on it. That goes back to it. We're not talking that long ago. This is more recent. Maybe like eight, ten years ago. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Is it beefy? It sounds like you. Where can you reach that? It sounds just like you. Oh, I got the run-and-backed. Go ahead. Bobby Humphrey. Bobby Humphrey's excellent. Thank you so much, sir. You got it. And have a great day. Bobby Humphrey. See, I never want to remember. Would you remember him? No. He was really here for a few minutes. Not 30 minutes. He was in town for about 30 minutes. Bobby Humphrey's. And the joke used to be that he was a snoring up all the chalk lines. And it couldn't play the game. Bobby Humphrey's. They never learned unless it all gets one more chance. Like Lawrence Phillips. Come on. One more chance. Oh, and speaking to him, and I tore up the name thing. Yeah, well, we already had this story on a couple of weeks ago back in November. When it happened, Lawrence Phillips has another little contra-toms. He just seems to have this neurotic repetition problem. You know what I mean? He just keeps doing it and doing it over and over again. He's basically run out of countries. Then he also play in the European and at what they call it, phonital, the WLAF, the NFL Europe. Is that what they call it? I believe so. I thought it used to be the WLAF, the World League of American football, and it changed into something else. And Amsterdam's got a team and a bunch of other, uh, oh, well, I could just see him Amsterdam. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Josh just got off the phone and he is swearing up. He's very not happy. Why is that? Who? I just keep getting calls on the phone like about, uh, you know, for Scott. Yeah. I'm not answering anymore. Like his personal phone calls? I guess they're asking for him. You're getting calls on a bat line for Scott Junior? Yeah. Like, oh my god. See, one thing I told you about him, that nobody believed me in the beginning. He's an asshole. Yeah. Okay. Don't take it personal unless you want to junior. Boy, boy, what are we going to do about him? Pack him up in a suitcase and set up two off a relins your cargo, okay? Won't be able to get rid of him that easy. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. What athlete was the biggest scumbag they ever played for South Florida team? Seasal Collins, Bobby Humphrey's Lawrence Phillips, the meatiest underwood, Mark Fitzpatrick, Michael Irvin, Brian Blades, Najah, Davenport, is that his name? Najah. Najah? It's spelled NAJ-E-H. E-H-O-N-I-J, well why didn't you say Najah? Like Tarjah. Thay. Ramon Castro, Pudge Rodriguez, on to be because he's a prick, Mercury Morris, Hosecun's Succo, Samy Smith, and Benny Blades. Got a good list going so far. We haven't even worked up a sweat yet. WQM line nine. Hello. Hey, this is Mike. Hey, I was calling you should go and check out batchox.com. Okay. And they got a lot of cool stuff there. They have the Blood Alcohol content, right? All the fame. Excellent. Badgeox scoreboard, caught with weed, 30 high school coach, six candles, 105. Yeah, Badgeox.com. I'll hop right on. Thanks a lot. All right. Badgeox.com. How can we will not say I want to be for this day in? I want you to rip Dave in, boring and ass. About what? About how bad he is. His performance is unacceptable. Well, I just don't understand how so. So many people in this time get a free pass. I don't get it. The inside story I've heard about him is that on that last day, he was sick. Oh, get outta here. He never, he never, he never got more. He never got more. Even when he has an orgasm, he never got more sighted than that. Get outta here. That guy is the most boring term he was sick. Why would you make excuses for him? He must be sure and something with you. Where's Joe Angel when you need him? He got candid. Frisco bring him back. I wonder why he got candid San Francisco. There's another guy for some strange reason. He just used to be there. Came to South Florida. I mean, I like Joe. Joe is pretty good. And especially compared to that egotistical arrogant prick-dabel Brian, was attention between those two in the book. And then of course, they hated his head. It was kind of like Mo and Joe, the old Mo Joe. Mo and Goldie. And Mo and Goldie. Why is that much sense between them now? I guess probably because Mo knows that Goldie wants off at that show. Absolutely. Disply and hates him like poison and is making it more known around a building than he used to. Because he's hoping that they'll get him on with his buddy Joe. Rose between eight and ten. And I think that would be fine. I think Mo and the big, the almost show. The almost between five and eight. And then the almost between ten and two. Sandwiched in between the turbber and the, The turbber and the, the turbber. The turbber. The turbber and the lovewood. I got to be honest with you, Mo. That's the best line you've ever come up with. And you, the turbber and the lovewood. That's better than the, the shrub, the shrub and the tub. Pick it on Hanks just because you gained an answer to huh? Speaking of that, Ever tasted one of those awful mirror placements. Most of them taste like direct. You'll take one sip and that probably spitter right back out. That's what I always do. Just check out how much sugar they got. Now there's a product that tastes great and is sugar free. And to extra diabetic, even endorsed by the beast now. Taste good by the guy who's tried everything. And to extra diabetic is the best tasting mirror placement drink ever formulated for people with diabetes. And also for people looking to reduce their sugar intake. In other words, her fat slabs suit. They're trying to be like delicate the way they sit. This, for fat people like me in the beast. Sweetened with splendid brand sucre. So there's no nasty taste. Like you get with those drinks that you saccharine or an expert thing. And to rest diabetic is a complete balanced nutritional supplement that provides fiber and oxides and also is low in saturated fat and cholesterol. And to rest diabetic is also gluten lactose free. And 8 ounce can provides 237 calories of deliciously healthy nutrition that's internationally recommended by doctors and dietitians too. So it all sacrificed proper nutrition when you're short on time. Try and erect diabetic once you'll never go back to that other crap used to be drinking. The makers of and erect diabetic are so positive you're going to love it. They're given away free samples. FREES.Foto State Edward Ward. Free samples just for the icing. Go to interactstyabedic.com. It's all one word. E and T E R E X. Interrex Diabedic.com or call her tool free number. Tom Adiel Center for the Delicious One. A free sample. Call 1 866-368-3739. That's 1 866-368-3739. We're supposed to be a 566-A-M. FAMP. FAMP. FAMP. FAMP. FAMP. FAMP. FAMP. FAMP. FAMP. FAMP. FAMP. FAMP. FAMP. FAMP. FAMP. FAMP. FAMP. FAMP. FAMP. FAMP. CEN. FAMP. FAMP. FAMP. CEN. FAMP. FAMP. CEN. FAMP. FAMP. FAMP. FAMP. FAMP. FAMP. FAMP. FAMP. FAMP. FAMP. I'm glad you're there for a good way. Tell me. That's now our long-to-brain. So, we shall be sharing. Yes. Come on, Dean. This is a great website. It's a bad jock.com. You know? Breaking news. Yes. So Mark Eisenberg calls during the break. Yes. We went out to the University in sunrise and the Sheldtation, and there is no Sheldtation. He cannot find the van. I think you're never going to see Scott Junior again. This is so incredibly unbelievable that there are no words to describe it. Maybe he's not there. Maybe he's cruising the hood, making a few deals. Maybe that's why I'm in people keep calling for him on a bat line. The Sheldtation is on the corner of Pine Island in sunrise. You know what I'm saying? Okay. Pine Island. It's right next to the vet, whatever the hell that is. The vet in Iran. That's the one on the University. I'm getting all confused. That's Howard University. Anyway, it's on the corner of Pine Island and sunrise. Is there a Sheldtation? Is it possible he might be there? No. Has he called back with any report? No. No. Ha ha ha ha. Okay. I think we ought to have a contest. I know where he is. We're just in space. Lost in space. Well, I ain't nothing new. You're going to check out this badjocks.com. Nice going by the way, Miguel. You really talk about deep sticks in our fundraiser. What are we going to raise today? Nothing. Just another wasted day in Paradise. Okay. We go there. Huh? Miguel's in there right now trying to communicate with Scott Junior. How's he going to do that? He's going to megaphone? Is he got one of those deals where you're like talk in outer space? And it reverberates through the e-thrick to the other planets to your rain is. You can. You can. Or man. Where did it? How did we find this goofball? God. I'm serious. Goodballs. The other state of the science. The audience thinks that we're joking around. The first it was George Broth and illegal alien from the overpass. You know, a little pop-eyed. I think he's popping out of this house. If you can only see the looks on Josh and Miguel's faces right now. Yeah. Miguel's just holding his head with the eyes closed. As he's talking on the phone. Oh, he's got a hold of him. Oh, yeah. And where'd he go? What planet is he? He's the best part. He insists that he's at university and sunrise at a sales station. I see. Tell him to look at the science. Just maybe it isn't pine island and sunrise. Pine island. You don't not too far from university. Next street east. West. Maybe it is university. I can't stand it. Maybe it's university. You're throwing me away off. Maybe it is university and sunrise. I don't know. What is across the street? Tell him to look across the street. What does he see? What is there? There. Huh? Badjocks.com. Here's the, they have a leaderboard. Are you ready for this? Yeah. It says, how does he uncotted star pulled over in his first DUI compared to some of the all time. Greats. How good is a BAC that's, um, they have BAC rankings. A blood alcohol level of 0.15. When they have the blood alcohol levels of all these different people, like Andrew Poit and Professional golfer. May 7, 2002 he blew a 0.36 report to having four and a half times the UK legal limit. Larry Sourenson, Bob Probert. NHL Goopall. July 15, 1994, 0.31. So they have all kinds of different amazing good things. Seriously, what are we going to do about him? We're just going to write this off today. We got wants to know if we have a GPS unit. Yeah. We have a gyroscope to stick up his hand. Back them. Forget about our fundraiser folks because Scott, you and your razor lost in space. You're going to see him no more. He just continues astounding and astonishing folks from coast to coast. Nice going. Nice hire. Who hired him by the way? What Jack has hired him? Couldn't have been your friend Clarence could it? 560, 0.50, 60. Pound 560 on the 18. Are you a factionist stuff to Eric? No. You're not making the list? No. You're not? No, I didn't know. You're serious. I'm serious. Oh my god. I thought I know it was a thing I've been writing these down. But I've been writing a real sloppy for my own benefit. I guess I'll have to do it in a break. Facts into my self. I'll do it myself because I think too long. We'll have nobody left listening. Good. God Almighty. Sorry. If you want to. Yeah. No. I don't want to do that. I can handle it. Sorry. WQAM. Yeah. Hey Neil. It's definitely my 911 sunrise. He's on the northeast corner. And directly across the street is the Salvo. And out back today. Right. That's right. Well, I'm going to live there for 750 years. I wish I had somebody. I started driving to that cell gap. Probably 27 years ago. Right. You need to get some of your getting down. Absolutely. I just want to tell you, buddy. I love you. Thanks, Pally. Bye. Yeah. I like it said it's Pine Island and sunrise. Not only about a mile away. Okay. So the fact that the fact he's a little confused. We're dealing with the guy whose IQ was in the, with the only person I've ever met. It's got a minus in front of it. You know. Kind of like the plus and minus in hockey. He's got a minus in front of his IQ number. So Scott is in the QAM van. He's on a cell station corner of sunrise and Pine Island until to a clock. Wasted similarly good valuable time. W to QAM. Hello. Hey, I'm going to come back for you. Okay. I got a, uh, he played for the Marlins. Leave on. He'd be a symbol. Who didn't shaft it? He was already gone. I think it's the San Diego. Right. Leave on her name is how the mighty have fallen. Paco Valley. Leave on. L-I-V-O-N. L-I-V-O-N. Yeah. I'm just asking how lucky I'm going to have to fax this thing to Eric and some message. So I apologize Eric, but the beast ain't doing nothing except sitting there probably eating. What do you eat now? I have one of the shakes. Am I eating anything? Yeah, bull crab. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. Let's wrap up this other one. And then I'll fax this to poor Eric. Who's probably, uh, having spruised. And he didn't even know what that means. 474 votes. How many of you think to cap your sottomal effect in 2004 election? It's tournily to tell. Lot of Schmidt happens. 23. The Democrats are way behind the eight-ball. 93. Big boost for Bush puts him far ahead. 76. Bush is in. 55. And no difference. 27. I don't nearly five hundred votes. Now I'm trying to think back. Who is the one who's going to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first. I don't nearly five hundred votes. Now I'm trying to think back. Who is the asshole that told me that the shell station was on a corner of university? I mean, didn't we straighten that out? That there was a Chevron on one side and a mobile on the other corner. So I thought it was a fact in. Some asshole out there. So we're going to blame you not for this guy. Because me, God, he's going to explain the whole thing. Okay. What's the MS? What's the load out? He's going to find right now. He's going to summarize. What is that? I don't know where the hell he's at right now. But he's going to summarize the university to whatever the hell gas station is at that corner. Great. Well, Tom to take his time. Okay. Yeah. He'll be there by two. 26 past noon as five 60 W. Q and big news. Helip body, H, EMC is now auto city, Pate, H, EMC of Pinecrash to expect the same great Neil deals and customer satisfaction or custom to right now auto city of Pinecrash. It's the end of the year clearance sale on all remaining 2003s in stock. Take advantage of zero percent financing from the 72 months or save yourself up to nine grand with rebates and incentives. Attention lease customers ask auto city of Pinecrash about their lease pull ahead early termination program. When it out, pull it out. There's even more great Neil deals have the new auto city potty, EMC of Pinecrash. For a limited time, just sign and drive home your brand new GMCC or with absolutely no money down. Absolutely. It's the new auto city potty, EMC of Pinecrash. And you'll still find them at the same great haliblo patient that's been there for as many years. 134.01. Subtix the highway that's US one across from the falls open every day, seven days a week. If you want more info called the Neil deal hotline tool free. One, Triple 8, 53442 11. That's one, Triple 8, 53442 11 keep in mind. All offers submitted to credit. Approval see the folks at auto city potty at four details. The brand new and thrilling and exciting and amazing auto city potty, EMC of Pinecrash. Low prices without the high pressures. The high and low prices push when you apply to the GMCC. Listen, well congratulations, get a life. Coming later this month on Showtime, from the producers of Reagan, the reimagining history series continues with Betsy Ross. Crack war. The full account of how the stars and stripes were created during a drug binging weekend at a mass at truth at the crackhouse. Black, I can whip out a flag and no time if you got to some blow. I'll give Dolly Madison a call. I'm really jonesing for some of her little Kate. There may not be a line of truth to the story, but it is compelling. I'm thinking about doing some white stripes. Take off your pants, George. Betsy Ross. Crack war. Coming this month on Showtime. Don't miss it. Oh yeah, I'm seeing stars, baby. Cooperty who had five 60 WCM actresses MTV and Snoop over fake nude sex scenes. An LA actresses sued MTV and rapper Snoop dog saying they edited a video tape performance to make her appear to be naked and having sex in the sputter insistence that she wanted to appear in pajamas, it would only consent to holding hands. In the lawsuit filed Friday in LA Superior Court, Doris Burrns asked to judge to ward her on specified damages. Burrns of occasionally appears as a feature expert in film and TV programs. Was hired last March. In an episode of MTV's Doggy Fizzle Television, which was hosted by Snoop Dogg. According to the lawsuit, MTV official told Burrns she'd appear in a bedroom scene, which a husband and wife were about to have sex. Burrns agreed to appear in a scene where in pajamas are a comparable to tired lawsuit, said she specifically told MTV she'd not agree to look as if she were nude or about to engage in sexual relations to which they agreed. After Burrns refused to simulate intercourse with a man who played her husband, Burrns agreed to be film sitting beside the actor holding his hand. But in the version that air August 30, Perth, MTV producers made the scene look like the plaintiff was nude and playing with her husband's genitals by blurring her torso and the hand that was holding the male actors hand, the lawsuit be sand. Representatives for Snoop Dogg and MTV couldn't re-reach the need they could probably. They were holding it. By the way, Father. Yes? Guess we've had the shower on stage now. I got you all started at this point. Huh? We're in business now. We're in business. All right. We're in business. Northeastern University. Isn't that what I originally said? The Northeast corner of sunrise University. Yes. I thought it was a shell somebody said it's the shower run. Then somebody said, well, it's a mobile on the other corner. That was the intersection I wanted. Yes. That was what I wanted. Whatever kind of a, whatever kind of gas it was. Okay. So Scott Jr is there with our stuff. He's there with Mark Eisenberg right now. With Mark Eisenberg to what else he doing there? I just there for the choice. Trying to straighten his own Mark Eisenberg to take your toys too. Okay. Oh, it's picking a toys. What a great segue. Women's arrest brings Texas up sending you law into question. Cleaborn Texas. Joanne Webb intended to spice up marriages in her next to a catch by selling your water toys as one of passion party inks 3000 national consultants. Instead, the former fifth grade teacher in executive board member of the Burlison Chamber Commerce faces criminal charges and embarrassment after a police sting. My mouth did drop open. Said what 443 is the married 20 years in that street children. It's ludicrous to take the government can step into our bedrooms. With the model where every day is Valentine's day, California based passion parties expect to do $20 million in business this year. Company president Pat Davis said some described the gatherings as Tupperware type parties for suburban housewives who feel more comfortable buying marital aids in a private home than in a adult books to run in that. We're doing a wonderful service and we're not doing anything wrong, Davis. Be saying of the company's 300 products about 60% of sales are allotions. That products and itables while sex toys make up their remaining items. It's the sex toys that brought trouble for Wavay consultants in June and the first passion parties consultant charged with obscenity in a company's 10 year history Davis said. Last month acting on a tip. Two undercover officers went to the office of website has been a home builder where Wavay helps out with clerical work, Wavay placed a small sign in the window advertising her parties. The man and woman asked to think her look at a product catalog, Wavay showed them one in a couple said they wanted to buy two items. Wavay said she tried to talk them into hosting a party but when they declined she agreed to sell them the items. She said she betrayed the items from her home and a couple later came back to her husband's office to pick them up. A month later, an officer called her and said a warrant of an issue for a rest in charge of she had sold obscene devices a violation of Texas State law. According to the states of Senator decoding obscene devices a simulated sexual organ. Roy. Or an item designed to sim stimulate the generals and Delta's going to run to law by posting signs say sold only as novelties. Are you ready for that? And have seen devices a simulated sexual organ like maybe a cucumber or a banana. Or an item designed to stimulate the generals like maybe a cucumber or a banana. Web's charges a misdemeanor she faces up to a year in jail and a $4,000 fine and obscenity charges a felony if someone sells them and sells them seen devices or materials that wholesale. I didn't know she was Jewish. Web said she only sold items through private parties and never kept products that her husband or a fifth the only time she did passion parties. At that office she said was when the undercover officer is a pro-cer, for what a damn piece of luck. Web's attorney B. Anne size more pens to file a motion to dismiss the case because she says the law violates someone's right to own a sexual device which is not illegal. There you go. 5605056. I fetched the thing to Eric Port Eric. I apologize Eric but I'm surrounded by a bunch of what are celebrating holidays or it's all I can say. We got things out of control hour one. We're good. I don't see anything on our websites where it must be. Okay, here's the final telly from the other one. How do you think the captures sit on will affect the $2,000 for election? It's totally the tell. Lots of Schmidt happens to 131. The Democrats are way behind the April and they are 94. Big Voskrabush puts him way ahead 82. Vosk is in 60 and will make no difference 28. New pool coming up what athlete was the biggest combat whoever play for a soft photo team. WQAM. Yes sir. How are you doing? Pretty good. I didn't hear if you had a Brian Cox on your list. That's an excellent one. One of the wonderful UM players is a manager. Are you sure? I'm standing choice my friend. Thank you very much. I'll have a great day. And you too. Brian Cox. I bet you feel I have to agree with that. I wonder if we still have any of that. I know we can't play that song. Oh yeah, look at that. Hey Brian, are you happy? I hate WLD again. I'm so much. I hope I don't have you. There you go. Okay, once was enough Brian. Okay, no thanks. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Well, how could we have ever let him off list? What an asshole. Another on a he's another guy that some people in our radio station just apps didn't he wants to do a show or have a regular segment on a station one day week with the load? I don't know. Come on. When you get with it, I don't think I've only discovered this. You're as useless at teach out a ballpoint pen man. You just, what's happening? I honestly don't remember. Brian Cox. I think he had one of those like you know, Hank has, who's he got on now? What's the week? Doesn't have some play around. Yeah, I think it was great. It's like a conrad or different ones. Yeah, I don't know. Well, how come he's not on the list yet? I don't know. What he is now. Now, how are we going to send these additional ones to, am I going to have to keep vaccine Eric? I will write down the additional ones. Brian Cox and Lamar Thomas got a canyhandle that. And when you want a fax Eric, just number two, there run a fax machine. All you got to do is just punch it with your putty little fingers and like magic. There it'll be right there in Orlando right in Eric's lunchroom. Lamar Thomas. WQIM. Hey, I have some play for this end of this for the near-rust thing. Yes, sir. Yes, I got a Gene Atkins. I got a Cleveland Gary and Warren SEP. Three great choices. Thank you, Paul. Have a great one. No problem. Cleveland Gary, not no kind of Gary Indiana. And Warren SEP, another UMD discre, I mean, another big fat UM guy. You always know he's a little gonja. He had a little just like Mark Duper. Now he never stole a free train. I mean, you made a big deal out of that just because they honored him at the game last night. All it was was a little weed, right? Right? Pulled him over on a West Coast one day and he was about a million. Wasn't that what the deal was? He had like about 400 pounds of weed or something in the trunk. It was in no big deal. Didn't kill anybody. Didn't beat up his girlfriend in locker room. Locker nowhere. Stuff like that. You have those three Gene Atkins. Cleveland Gary and Warren SEP. Big fat UM tub. Twenty to one is five sixty. W.A.M. Hey, Brandy Shoes is celebrating a big year this year. It's their 25th anniversary of doing it more than just right in South Florida. They're doing it spectacular. Do you even imagine how many shoestors go out of business every year in South Florida? At least 25 years, Brandy has been giving you unbeatable deals. Top name merchandise, all the brands you know and love. Unbeatable prices and friendly personal service to make sure that you and your feet get a perfect fit every damn time. And no matter how big or small your feet are, they got them all. They got men sizes of six to 15. Women's five to 12 which from the very very narrow to the very fat and wide. And all the top brands like I said only moments ago that you know and love like rock ports, Echoes, Mephisto, Timberland Clark's SAS floor shine and all the business Well, Brandy Shoes, they were at 1290 North Federal Highway in Papua, and Obeech open every day Monday through Saturday from 9 to 9. Some days 10 to 5. And during Brandy's 25th anniversary sale right now is a great time to buy a floor shine. All this week saved 25% off on all men's floor shine styles. So stop into the store, visit monowevidbrandyshoes.com. My, my local, we're sports video 560s, you A.M. Well, there's yet hot and carry, Edward's and Leaver men, Wesley Clark, Inc. who's thinnish, Harold Brown and shopped in, but the leader is steams. The one got it's a head of their team. Dean is the demo craftsman runner, loves to have just was too bash, and if you have it notice, how would Dean race lots of cash? Just cause he's a doctor, who carries a step of skull, he won't be like the other, damn the crap that I'd like to grow, everything was going well to Wesley came to stay, do you maybe winning go? I was commander of Meadow, he brought up same sex average, as Vermont's governor, how would you have made mistakes, just to the front runner? Prop 46 James Beaker, the third broad tell you what thing you must add to some big, big, great cases full of cash, didn't take him long, he's got agreements already with a German, somebody ought to tell the people it's seen in, there's no more West Germany anymore, but in any way, he's got agreements with Germany and France. To forgive some of those Iraqi debts, oh yeah, now all of a sudden we're putty buds, he must have like I said, gun over there with brief cases full of cash, unmarked bills, everything is hunky door again. Pull is up, one athlete was the biggest scumbag to ever play for a softloaded team, Lawrence Phillips that was my vote, he's got nine, do you vote? Not yet, I'm about to right now. Four. I don't go over the list. Seasel Colin seven, Hosecun, Succo five, Hosecun Jose, Brian Cox four, Brian Blades two, and just a smattering, because it just went up, Sammy Smith won, Benny Blades one, Warren Sapscott one, Michael Irvin's got one, and Nate Davenport and the Pudge Rodriguez each one. Hey Pudge, good player, asshole, it's not Nasey Davenport. What did I call? Nate, because that's what I was like, yeah, well that's because he could be my writing. I told you, I just, how to have him, anybody with N.A.J.E.H. I'll, I'll email him and let him know. Email, or go talk to him because you get a new way, call from home. And say what? Well, you email him and, did you like fight over the phone, or the fastest news force feeding bat, or right now? Oh, W.K.Y.M. Hi, how are you? Pretty good. How you doing? I'm doing really good. I just wanted it. He was suggesting for a future poll someday, because I just, I've seen things that, you know, just make me scratch my head and say, what is going on here? What is the most ridiculous thing? People do to their cars, Neil, I just saw someone's car dressed up like a Christmas package. Really? The phone on the front with the, with the red and all around him. I'm saying, what, what are people thinking? It's a car for God's sake. I mean, the drivers they put on and the, the flags they put on and people are nuts. Yes, they are. They are truly, people who drive their cars a lot of them, like it's a traveling billboard. They got religious messages on the back, and political messages on the back, and the life and slaves and the... They got the little, the stuffed toys and dogs and cats in the back, and a rearview mirror with little eyes. Oh, man. People, I don't know what people are thinking. I swear it was a, it was a traveling Christmas present. It was, I just had to tell you, I think I've seen it all now. Okay, thanks. I love you forever. Happy holidays. You too. Anyway, just, it's like the people that go on a plane. They're going to wait for the weekend, and they got their whole life for all of their positions. Every piece of clothing, every chalky, everything they ever had in their life. And then they got 75 different debates. How are they going? Hopefully, to weekend. There's a reason I'm talking about. And the new deal is because they only allow you, most airlines maximum, two pieces of carry on. And so they have like these, the ones that break down. It's like 16 different, uh, uh, uh, suitcase. You know, 16 different pieces of luggage of all shapes and sizes, but they all like, uh, snap together. Like they're fooling somebody. Lawrence Phillips is running away. Maybe he's got to. I'm going to. Excellent choice. Peace of crap. We used to have a guy to call to show some old fart about probably died by now. We can only hope. Uh, What's wrong with Lawrence Phillips? And then every time he's done a contract, like with a Rams or whoever was for about five weeks, until he went back to jail again. Uh, I had Lawrence Phillips just saw it around. Uh, you know, a simple crap. Some ball bust in old fart. Probably dead. You know what I mean? Absolutely. We can only pray. WQAM hello. Amy, I'll have you don't have to go. Good. And same view. You know, you're missing James Baker deterred there. Yes. You know, this is the same James Baker. The third who's the primary lawyer in Baker and Bob, the legal law firm that's representing the Arabs, uh, the Saudis against the families who are suing them right. You know, you know, it's not unbelievable. No, it's not unbelievable. He's a violent anti-Semite. He was the same attorney. They sluck down to Florida when they helped to fix the vote count in 2000. So when it's time they need to bring the, uh, henchmen out. It's always him. Yeah. Make sure wonder if he's got the pictures of whoever, or the interest of parties are with Dolly, uh, the sheep, you know. Yeah. Either that. He's got look at Brassie's phone number. Yeah. He's got a number of people who are in Bought to the defending the Saudis. Correct. Okay. We can take a picture. We just said that. Thank you. Five six seven five sixty pound five six the on the AT&T. Do you think that's the same Baker from Baker and Bought to the defending the Saudis? I don't know is it. Yeah. Five six seven five sixty pound five six the on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. What athlete was the biggest scumbag to ever play for South Florida team. Lawrence Phillips 14. I can't find it that was a consocco one. Huh. See you. This is the problem. Is it called like something lullaby. Something freaking lullaby. I'll find it. Maybe Eric will know. Uh, Cecil Collins got eight. We already played that. I might actually play that again. I love that. He was just he just wanted to get a look. He just wanted to dip his wig. He just wanted to dip his wig. Nice. John. I'm code. That's the load. The load. I wish I would have heard it say myself because of that Stentorian voices. You know, mole. Actually he can be really funny once a mile. You ever look at him? Cecil Collins eight Brian Cox seven Michael Irvin three Demetrius under was that appear. Brian blades two Warren Sam two and after that it's Maltate is out of the first of 53 votes. Maybe this pulling could go for all that big. I don't know. We had a lot of our audience who couldn't give a crap less about sports no matter what they'll. All of a certainly they know about scumbags. W to Q a n. The jupil scum. Sun out of bitch. Once an a paly once a queen always a queen but once an a's enough for you. W to Q a n. Hey, I lose the one then the nineteen eighties is all with the yawes. It was for murder is the fear former dolphin. Involve with the yaways. Yeah. Why would something? I just can't remember his last name is a former dolphin. Creeper I think. Yeah. Somebody will know. Okay. Thanks, paly. I don't know. Is there any bills with us? No. No. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line. W to Q a n. W to Q a n. Hey. Yes sir. You're saying can you play some for me? What is that? We did it. Congratulations to your paly. Although they made it a little bit too exciting. It was one of those deals when they made it. You know, like winning a horse race by a neck by an owes when you're much the best. We did it. We did it. Have you heard that Spanish all the bice. Can you say go? What is it called? My Spanish all the bice. My Spanish all the bice. Thank you so much. We'll get to it. Eric with that. Thanks, Eric. Eric on top of it, baby. Lawrence Phillips and Jose are like in a lip lock 15 for Larry and 14 for Jose. And Cecil's in double digits two with 10. He just wanted to do a dip is with baby. Bus through the window. If anybody missed that story, that was just their classic. Takes the screen off the window. In this. Oh, and then of course just like with everybody else. They always try to blame the victim. Oh, well, she was a loose broad. She was a woman of loose bad repute. Ha ha ha. All right. That's always a good excuse. Scumbags man and people who idolize and that's what makes me so sick about professional sports. If we dig it with salaries and the kind of scumbags that people who worship and idolize no matter what kind of crap they do. And a classic example we got right there in Kendall. Oh, Jay. Yeah. There you go. He's the ultimate. The pen ultimate scumbag of all time. Never played for a team in South Florida though. He can't put him on the list otherwise it'd be no more contendery, right? He would win. He would fly by these like they were laying down prone. WQAM. Hello now. Yes sir. Neil got. I haven't heard that in a while where you're going. Neil got. Oh, that's good. Good. Good. Well, you mean. No. The cloud with other with the thunder and lightning. You. Yeah. Well, you mean that one? Yes sir. Oh, God. I get goosebumps every time I hear that. You're a goose when you're good. Hey, you know, Mr. Man, you're leading somebody off man. I can't believe this guy in on your list for the scumbag for South Florida. The modern and he's on there. He's on there. Leave on. Yeah. Leave on. All right. I will chop one up for me man. All right. And listen, this thing with Bush and I didn't get to be elected. Whatever. You know, it's too early to tell. But I'll tell you how it Clark and Dean is all we got out there. And I think Bush is going to win again. Okay. See you. See you's right. How about Hillary? What do you say, huh? No. See this is what they're trying to convince everybody that Dean can't win. And all the sudden bull crappies and other Michael Duke caucus. I have I have moments when I have my doubts. But on the other hand, maybe this populist thing is sway as sweeping America. Maybe you're going to vote out all the incumbents. You know, just like Arnold one that we call thing in California. Certainly not because he's got an IQ larger than his thumbnail. Or larger than that stunt penis to head in that picture. 1256 at five 60 WQM. Welcome to the EF Taren out of repair to the New Roger show EF Taren out of repair is located at. 583 North Federal Highway just come out and have North of South of Rotten, Pompano Beach. At EF Taren out of repair experience the difference that difference makes. Don't interest your car to some slump. All the EF mechanics are certified by ASC. An ASC certified technicians current with all the latest technology. And most of them with the EF team for almost 20 years. The EF team has got over 200 combined years of experience to make a long story. Sure they know their stuff. And if you need an oil change right now stop by EF and ask them about their. The Oroger's 1295 oil change special. You heard right just 1295 for an oil change. The EF team uses only the best parts in top of line cast role GTS motor wall. You couldn't even buy the parts for this incredibly low price only 1295. EF Taren out of repair there were 583 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach. Column 954 426 9926. That's 954 426 9926. The EF Taren out of repair nationally recognizes one of the most successful automotive. Repair facilities in the entire USA. And when you talk to them don't forget to be sure to ask them about that. The EF team has a lot of oil change special. 9 5 4 4 2 6 99 26. My high five and low. This is for 3. 5 6. 2 8. Four. My favorite Republican. This is Madras. And it's time for the skills. Make a plowing. It's time once again for the Neal Rages. 1 2. They can say go He showed me just as you've gone to the ball I should always say how to vote to bad regret was kind of vote I took off my coat Keep your gun can't squeeze us I miss coming round through base It's not an into his face If the shower with a day must finish all about I will pray like If one or one is five six If you have the boost your food shopping If you have the bad bug If you have the to the safe moon Then you got the Humper the load at four four to seven Ricky, where do you want to show us seven Talk tonight at the Cleveland Or he'll have all kinds of alabies and stories And he was ill in and hurting and getting hurt cut 8 o'clock tonight It's the big bowl And then you got 80k attention Mark or one out two to five How are we doing out there at the QM van At Moose and wherever it is I don't know if we've heard back it We haven't heard about it in the conversation No, we haven't heard from You also think I'm not going to ask you again Don't ask and don't tell 567560 pound five 60 on the AT&T And Verizon Marta's line Nice going Miguel WQAM hello Hey, new Yes sir I got one for you I got another net to put on your list All right I got Mark Engrum I don't know if you remember two years ago You had a $3,000 account of what money you're paying around With the exchange Yes You can gain it Yeah That's another net you got to put on your list All right, you got Mark 2 567560 pound five 60 on the AT&T Verizon Marta's line What I think was the biggest comeback to where we're play for a soft load of team We've got an impressive list of scumbags I wonder is that Pudge getting any votes or not I know he had that one Let me take a puke at it He's got the Just a pair Pudge has a small pair WQAM WQAM hello You're falling for Neil? Speaking Feel Yes sir I bought Ray I never did it low with Ray Lewis Who the hell was Ray Lewis? You are For you Don't remember What did he do? He was accused of being involved in a stabbing I believe in Atlanta Oh nice Excellent Good choice, thank you sir Now the scumbag from you and a ledge Just remember always a ledge scumbags Always have to cover you as per sing a ledge Scumbag As a poit de la coze con saccoe There are some of them who obviously clearly already are scumbags Not a ledge like Cecil And Lawrence Phillips And Jose And Mark Morris Mercury Morris show coming up on QAM The new AT10 host Mercury Morris with a crow Do I get to do the updates? Absolutely Absolutely Mark and the crow as the crow flies That's going to be the name I got your crow body It's right here homeboy So he's a long drop-up problem Oh man When you look back over the last 10 years Whatever it's been Look at the people at Greg Reed is put on the air It's really it is shocking Is what it is To be written Mani Ramirez Right For a parod Cecil Collins Lawrence Phillips The meat presented with Mark Fitzpatrick Michael Irvin, Brian Benny Blades both Najy did we get that straight enough? I don't know Yes We got a straight enough Nice going there He's under a lot of duress Cause you're like leaving him hanging Time like the way Scott Jr's leaving us hanging This today This is gotta be I don't even know what term to use It's just insanity To see what she's not bad enough That this is a tough year to raise money for charity And everybody's a little on the tight side And don't know whether their job is going to be a Stiller after the first year And maybe they already lost it And they're kind of like hanging on the every nickel they can So everybody is belly it can this year It's really tough to raise money for charity We're finding that too But especially when you have an opportunity This close to Hanukkah and Christmas time When people are a little more in the giving mood They want to pick up a neat gift for somebody for the holidays And here we got this goofball This bozo This creedon Driving a van around like doing Doing like an s-a-ticking And he's doing figure rates in the middle of the roads out there He's at the corner of university And the sunrise Getting some Gas Yeah up there 120 bucks Wow he's doing it like I said Q-a-m-hello Q-a-m Going once Long gone 120 bucks I didn't think he'd get like a dime So he's still got an hour to get out there And look at him and say We'll understand what this is all about Those are the who think that we're exaggerating Just take a look at him Tell me the Q-a-m-hello Yeah I knew Yes sir How's it going? It's going great Fantastic I got another scumbag for your list Okay About one step He's on here man The set ice for his honor Damn I missed that one Okay about Brian Koch He's on there Well I better pay attention I guess I'll pay attention Have a great holiday and get with it 5-6-7-0 How about the Cecil Collins It's the same as the people that Thanks you the stuff they'd be Look at your website And they say well that's a good story Why don't I fact you to Neil Like maybe they think you just came All look at that The French and the Germans Not the West Germans is time seeing And finally got a ride Somebody find the told him They're ain't no more West Germany Surprise W-a-m-hello Brandy Rose The newest one of Randy Rhodes Thanks What was that? What was it? Oh he wanted oh I know what he wanted to hear Jesus got all money Brandy What? I'm a Randy What? Are you laughing to me? No He sounded like one of them groupy Tapigas He just wants to hear like drop in Up the button Up the button Up the button Up the button Up the button Up the button Up the button That's number one Which one is it's all right And remotely Just when I'm listening So I look at that Why I'm dropping You want to strike Ball Ball Yes You are man Turn on the camera Yes There's no greater sight Then when during The sounds that plays the uh... the promos for the best in the LCDs and one of those bits comes on all man what is he doing action just man things start spinning in the on the head the wood the muskran starts racing on and circles and is i start rolling and these are the squeeze in the bag that plays it on purpose just to get a right that's right exactly always like i told you the good people are the fat people like the uh... uh... woods side slow quote the uvlbrig the veloc the law toying ice going mold the cusman senhor I'm originally from Holland and I tell you to reason why it's just because I can easily travel now I leave this country Okay, I'll split. I'll split. Do we? Cook scenes get out of here 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless light Let's hop on a plane go to Amsterdam when you say sounds good to me. All right. Might just be in my plans. You never know you never know with me Jose Conseco look what he's got The biggest comeback athlete ever played for South Florida team which he played high school ball Jose's got 30 Lawrence Phillips 24 Cecil Collins 18 Ryan's Cox 15 Warren the sat mice dear eight Michael Urban only six. How can Michael Urban have only six votes? How soon they forget? Ryan blades four to meet your son. It would four Sammy Smith three Don't give stamina thing Brian a many blades two punches got a pair in everybody else got one what about Bobby Humphrey's has non see they all They all forgot about him because he was only in town about a week. I think about the Stan Humphrey's Stan Humphrey's Who the hell is Stan Humphrey's? I don't listen to be person who knows 567 or how about Humphrey's Bogard as long as you're gonna come up with cramp WQA and hello. Yeah, no, yes, sir. Are you doing you forgot about my poop? He was all right money for years ago right you should we put him on the list And we honored him last night, man. They honored him and Mark Leather And it closed and they were muckle and I don't know what he said about it Okay, we don't have our interpreter here today pal. So we got a chapter up I don't have any idea what he said something about That's when we did lucky Mark do per put him on there, okay? Wizard without the honors last night. He had a little problem with zone But he's better now Who else was it that what receiver was it that had the problems Jesus? I can't believe I forgot his name one of our favorite people About three four years ago Money laundering Oh, come on What happened we see yes? There was actually there was a running back from the UM game Stuart No, no, no, no, no, no, very popular hurricane receiver my god Geez Just faded out. You see that's what happened goes when you stopped following the fish Jamie Durman not Jamie German. I said very famous as well. Oh, he was coming out He went put him on her Jamie's German. I Hope you're writing these down No, because I'm leaving into your pudgy fat hands WCWM hello Yes, sir. Yeah, I think I got a couple for your full. Okay. Uh, I'm a piece of the Autovist didn't was he's been waiting for something alleged. Yeah, pizza a pity boy He went from being a fair-haired boy to like despise like poison Okay, and I never think that it played for the marlins not too long. He was that's pirate Al Martin. I think he was like doing tax evasion or something or actually And I tried to call for that Randy road fit I think he's the one in the Randy road fit. It's like it really Yeah, it's not an identical. I think Oh, oh, Andy What are you listening to me? No. Yeah, you're right. It's like a retard That's him You got it good. Yeah, I have a great holiday That's a guy with a really good ear Who the hell am I trying to think of Tony Tony Martin? Wasn't it Tony Martin? Yeah, he was a dolphin. He was a dolphin. Did he have like some money laundering issues? Yeah, I was the one who did you write Tony Martin. What is wrong with you, man? You are just see you're too Herkun intensive man. What a baby crap. You got to grow up. Do you know what's gonna happen? You're gonna be like another mic Rosen call or another jay rokeach New It's time to play what in the box jay rokeach the voice of hurricane baseball He just turned 72 and he's still doing the PA at Mark Lied Stadium Jay rokeach now batting for your hurricanes That's just how to understand that all the luck I told you before the show He's got his family is the rokeach the rokeyosh family is how they pronounce it at the Oh, they make the kosher deals all that the jufu, you know, I could sweet gorken's myself Sweet jerkin that's what Tarzan he says been sweet jerkin with the beast But at any rate that's a rokeach in a course mic Rosen tall which nobody in the audience knows who this is and bar They lucky he may Scott Junior look good That's what a nerd he is Microsent tall when WNWS went on here when the cancer put that on hired me to do talk at night They were like news in the daytime so they were they're gonna find news people you know So they didn't go on and heard some really good news people like press good Robinson Steve daily and a couple of others and then they heard some flunkys You know like from WVUM mic Rosen tall WNU is time is for I thought he took the torpeous most solius and he came right out of WVUM The voice of the University of Miami, which doesn't really exist. I'm a proud alumless of WVU And he used to sit there in a press box and I used to do the games out on the like on top of the stairwell right outside the press bunk where the press box used to be Yeah, they still they still did the game outside Right and He would sit inside and like he made dirty looks and of course he was very upset that a commercial station was doing Again because obviously anybody's the real hurricane fan We're listening to the 15 year old boys doing a games on WVUM with a squeaky voices. You made him a steak the hell it's on a steak Microsent tall what a jerk. Hey, Micah hope you're listening man. You're an idiot One third teen at five sixty WVUM Shelly Bloom's fashion coaters. They're no fools. They've been around in town doing a right for guys go over 40 years in the same location I guarantee there aren't too many businesses been around in town for 40 years. How many you think there might be? Bob Birdman and that location is 26 15 Northwest fifth Avenue right in the heart of the prestigious Miami fashion district At Shelly Bloom's you'll find fine men's clothing. We're talking about the most beautiful merchandise under the sun From suits and sport coats slags dressed in sports shirts ties one of the largest selection of designer shoes in town She can be a slob like me or can be a fancy dresser when you shop at Shelly Bloom's Shelly's got a tag in slack super 120s and 15 colors from a 60 bucks George your money suits itself from 13 95 to 15 95 only 795 bucks a shelly Bloom's fashion coaters Shelly even offers a fantastical selection of Italian suits starting at just 225 bucks each Service selection in price those are the three ingredients in the recipe that it kept shelly Bloom in business for over 40 years now And shelly guarantees you is personal more that's never gonna change the selections on beatable Operations are always free and with thousands of suits and stock up to size 70 You're sure to find exactly what you need so stop over step spending it those malls and make the trip to Shelly Bloom's and the heart of the fashion district open Monday through Saturday 9 30 in morning till 6 p.m. if you want to compare price this gives shelly a call 305 5 7 3 50 90 305 5 7 3 50 90 for shelly Bloom's fashion coaters. It's well worth the trip 90 She's a lesbian, O' la la la la la la la la la la Perhaps until they see her justice Palala la la la la la la la la la la la la la la She's the senator from New York Palala la la la la la la la la la la She's been sporty, she's been sporty, she's been sporty Palala la la la la la la la la la She registers to the white herpil Palala la la la la la la la la la Think of his more Mexican Palala la la la la la la la la la la la Puning after one at five sixty WCOM This is amazing, this story about song airlines You're here for song airlines, it's a delbylman Lofard, you have? Yeah Where'd you fly on it? For a lot of delibosal? Did you think of song? I did, several And how was it? It was a decent, the seats are very uncomfortable But it was decent, service was good, no problem What are they like real small, yeah, very, they're craminy in there Well wait till you're this, little, Laura Douglas of Ipswich Watched CNN to catch up on Saddam Hussein's Capture Neil Davis of Brighton Watch music videos on BET And Barbara O'Connor of Winter Mass just channel surfed They all watch from different seats on the same flight from West Palm to Boston yesterday As song Delph Airlines Lofer units of prize passengers on that route By invading its high-tech entertainment system Instead of free peanuts, passengers on the flight got free access to 24 channels The satellite TV and music and a music trivia game at the touch of a screen I will say this, you know when you spend a fortune for business class like on You know international carriers You know and then you got the your private TV You know what I mean? But you're not watching real TV you're watching canned movies And some of the airlines like Virgin Skier, Skaglannick They got like the TV we have uh, you're on the like of ECR Jet blue has uh, the dish too Do they really? I believe yeah While at one rate reviews from passengers the system has greater significance Airlines specialists say the rollout foreshadows a fiercely competitive battle For market share between song and low-fer rival jet blue Who's a not-roll Boston flight is said for January Both carriers denied that their business strategies are Fected by competition with the other but their short-term plans for entertainment tell a different story Song has its system on three planes and plans to have all 36 of its jets outfitted with the system for March by March jet blue's expected rounds to deal with a major Hollywood studio next month That'll give its passengers digital paper view movies that eat seat The movable preamp songs planned long to do now this is in coach right? I'm assuming they don't have a business plan. No, that's all the same right like Southwest The movable preamp song planned long to the second phase of its system which will also include paper view movies More games in the end downloadable digital music These guys are absolutely competing with one another Absolutely and they're competing with one another like dogs said Henry Hartfield a principal enlisted force the Reacher's in Santa San Francisco the good news is that once they're both rolled out you can have a better quality Traveller experience from Boston down to Florida than you have from Boston the West Coast or from Boston to Europe How ironic is that he said Jet blue and songs battle in Boston's been a long time coming both have made roots between Northeastern See the one thing about now this is from where for Lauderdale or Miami I think I flew it for four later now see this one. I'm talking about his West Palm, but See who don't want to fly from for Lauderdale And I think he'll make believe airport. Oh, you're wrong. No, we don't want to go to Miami They don't speak English there. Okay. Whatever you say. I'd rather fly from Miami since it's literally five miles from my apartment Right, and I'm just used to it. You know, I just do like my mirror I'm in no my way around there and it's plus you can't go anywhere from four Lauderdale. That's a problem But sometimes it's cheaper to get the Boston for four Lauderdale. Well when you make the big bucks Well anyway Jet blue and song have both made roots between Northeastern cities in Florida leisure markets like Orlando and West Palm their bread and butter And both actively compete with trouble legacy carriers like US scare and American Airlines by keeping operating cost and musters dirt cheap Does it have the fears in there? How much did you pay? Maybe like 198 Round trip yeah 198 round trip to Boston yeah, that is unbelievable God Passengers on yesterday's Palm Beach to Boston flights that they were Santa Sky will go as Already on board. I think it was a good innovation. I wonder why took them so long to have it said Richard Malatesta who will company to counter unaflight Malatesta city flip channels Catching up on news and sports for the whole three hour flight that would be sensational I mean like air Canada was don't give me wrong. I love her Canada. I sure if they don't quite a business But they're trying real hard You know they they show you like the CBC news can from the day before the night before like that morning You know what I mean yeah any English and frog and whatever but that's by the time you get on there. It's old news It's stale You want to know what else go on on you want like some current shows you want to see Bob Barker in the goddamn prices right you want to watch the Afrika news You want to watch Jerry Springer something Passions So I think we're finally getting there, you know 560 50 50 50 50 50 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line what athlete was the biggest comeback to ever play for a South Florida team That's our second pool today 46 for Jose Consocco the HJ Jose I can't stand you they wish you go away Lawrence Phillips 31 Cecil Collins 29 Brian Cox 19 Michael Irvin only nine. I can't kick it over that Warren's set nine Ryan blade seven Brian wants oh you know who it was yeah it was his a scumbag agent was the one with all his name the agent somebody mentioned before Which one the agent the big hot chat agent true rose the house you were rosin house that asshole He was the one oh he doesn't have time to be doing interviews right now he's got to go to training camp and run fast and jump high Right they all got to run fast and get high Put your Rodriguez got five nice going 9 j davon port excellent for Kind of a name is that to meet your son to wood for Sammy Smith's got four mercury Morris three and everybody all small potatoes even poor leave on Zolinger to pair WQAM Hey, yeah, yes sir Didn't know Ray Lewis play for UM should be on your list he is oh he's on their great And oh she's no jankin on they just for playing golf Yeah, just just for the halibut man. I love to put him on there, but it would be a no brainer He'd he get hundreds them this pull would start smoking man. We hate you OJ we can't stand you This man you know who probably likes him also Absolutely in fact he probably love to play golf with OJ they might be doing it in secret as it is they can Playing golf to huh they can share checkered pants they can share stories about how they both hate me like poison But how screw in is a real slut things like that One surprise me the the QM building is got to be one the most neurotic sickest places in a history man Kind's another good reason for me not to be there the OJ liquor's man including screw in anybody Everyone a jackstrap she just he wants a man. She wants to grab it. She wants to yankin. She wants to twist it And The more famous they were of course the harder and the more she wants and I mean kind of like And let me tell you again the beast is sleeping. He's doing his thing on a king curl mattress Marfrons and dollar mattress Miguel he's doing it. I'm doing it George is doing it just about him And the Scott for Rally he wouldn't have got can't he'd have been doing it to what a shame It's just one more week, you know when that I made a worthwhile stick around for another week just to get the mattress Anyway, if you're sick and tired of fighting everybody else trying to find some great holiday gift and doing your shopping this year Make your gift getting a lot easier by giving a gift certificate from dollar mattress call right now 1 800 mattress and give the gift that we thank you for night in and night out They think it'll be a while they're doing perverted things on at night. Chris Not a mattress is about gifts certificates in any denomination and new bed for the master bedroom makes a perfect Gift idea you'll enjoy for a long time to come no funny promises no bait and switch just Unbeatable discount prices every day on the tap rain names in a world now including Stearns and bananas foster When you called dollar mattress at 1 800 mattress you still pick the day in time for delivery You picked it to our window any day seven days a week from eight in the morning till 10 in night when it's convenient for you when you're gonna be home And they show up like noon to two one to three, etc On a sales practices fantastic service every day low prices same day delivery and free setup and rule make it easy to see By dollar mattress is ranked the best in the world in customer satisfaction So do what everybody acumen everywhere else is doing do the smart thing call the vetting experts add dollar mattress toll free 1 800 mattress 1 800 m a t t r es or online Mepers calm happy holidays from the good folks at dial a mattress This is Randy West and as for our phone conversation I talked to Peter North here today He tells me your real name is kneel down and he's still an interesting Life is good TV Paris, health and and the core it's No more fashion shows off fancy I Better get used to shopping out that wallmark To risk us living Far How's buses where they put their arm To little spoiled trust fund Chinks won't have any time to make portal play Get those What house No guys Cowboys Don't break a nail no may sees one day sale What great irony there's rum spelled here my hearing rum spelled a pontificating about Sodom who buried himself in the idea the same rum spelled You'll see on our website gripping Sodom's hand firmly would have a smile on his post serving and I'm forces are far from home Yeah Romusfeld Nazi supreme baby there we is look at him crazy person Speaking of a wild people wait till you're this Lauderdale man pleads guilty to bomb threats against airliner federal building A four-lauderdale man pleading guilty yesterday the threatening to bomb a Baltimore mommy flight and a Baltimore federal building Joseph Carlton Hailey 42 Former mommy beach pledged a pleaded to one cat of friends meeting a false bomb threat Haiti will be sentenced February 24th by U.S. District Judge Cecilia Altanaga Hailey admitted transmitting an email message to the FBI via the internet stating the overheard Individual and mommy talking about blowing up the federal building in Baltimore hours later mommy did police received an anonymous call at mommy international It was the caller stated that the same individual be boarding a flight for Baltimore from MIA curing a bomb on a bomb a Grande FBI joint terrorism test for agents working with the police and TSA Investigators discovered both messages were hoaxes sent by Hailey motivated by recent breakup with a boyfriend 30 said Better listen that carefully beast You went clearance that are patch things up a little bit We'll work on it patch it up back them So that maybe tomorrow can answer that musical question you can describe to us just how smelly that hole is 567.0.560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Impressiveness to scumbags here today. How we do not there at the event We got a 200 bucks and a guy named Jason brought a $200 worth of toys thanks station universe man Thank the Lord for a few people are really care Mark Eisenberg's out there with a toy drive the Joe Mark do over here at this time and Proving that nothing is perfect Scott Junior He of the red face and be the eyes and the bizarre looks Scott Junior's out there collected in your donations for best in Neil we got the CDs We got those Hailey had a in demand Oh, how are they been a key change and what's not to light okay? Help me there to a clock he's in a Qm van and a corner of university and sunrise in the what station Chevron station correct right yeah Thank God WM hello You sure How you doing pal Doctor press Bring out the egg not like they have come David'sacity is now our neighbor my friend David Cassidy Wow You live for you I bet the god of the eyes will be sent to be Okay, thanks get it get him is a guest Man Whoo that would be heavy duty wouldn't it you're looking a lot of guests guest lately Well, now you never know it's never too late to start doing it again David Cassidy appearing tomorrow on the new Rogers show not The guy with the eyes probably getting his old cartridge family albums out again. Probably rubbing himself raw just thinking well, he's got to find David Of course David just turned 86 he probably don't look quite so beautiful anymore W to Q a n Neil watching the Sports final Not last Sunday, but the Sunday before right and Steve Shapiro does a bit with two rows in house You are now is a real asshole. I know they and they had the splits green So when he came on to talk to true he he inadvertently said you For a second and then he said true And I can't I don't know Yeah, I don't know how they kept the straight face. It was a name at least I got your peros got that name She's so not with nobody could point the finger right it wasn't done deliberately Right if it would have been Wayne saying something like hey, you know, you know, it would have been a little different It was I mean, I don't know how they kept the straight face They deserve a prize for not laughing out loud. It was great. Oh Okay, apparently thanks for the good news. There's another bulletin for you 5 6705 says you know there's something about they showed today It's we're like a half a step off all day long. You know why why you meet let me give you a little pointer when you do want to talk show And I've always told you're just it's it's true When you start off off balance you know what I mean you you you never get back on On track ever It's just always a little off the whole time. I mean this show today. I wouldn't wish on here I'm I'm gearing and the rums fell that's how embarrassed I invite his show. It's just not good We started out with it trying to piece together the whole studio again thanks to your good buddy Carlos peculiar there whatever it all his name is And Carlos Elzagiri, Pickary whatever Some a stick yeah, and then after that of course then we had the Scott business which we went to wait for like 45 minutes Just trying to point this guy in the right direction so we cannot go out there and try to raise some money for a good cause and it's just It's just never settled down, you know ever came back Can you smell it Maybe your beans hiding in the hallway by the way you're suspended bitch WCOM Measure ball man son of a bill miserable old man. I leave we would variety next all power I didn't know how it was on he is WCOM hello. He's on drugs He will owe you He'll pectate yes I Did you know that I'm an avid a m radio listener? You know that that they changed Dr. Warren for some Crazy guy Greg Beck. I've never heard of that guy Greg Beck suppose one of these another tamper reject Yeah, is that is I want to do this? Tampa guy? Yes, and then what's the deal with the morning show that there was supposed to have some Tampa guy on on in Some Tampa guy on five 60 remember remember since for all one's gone They were gonna put somebody else on Tampa We're gonna go where did you find that? Where'd I held it that cut from we have ran in by from Tampa gonna be our station? Oh, okay, that's what I thought you said. Oh, I knew this dog got around the other station They took the uh, you know It's too guts off and they have the innumerant and show over there probably from the guy. Oh, yeah, this guy's got confused He's got his sports nerd stations all confused very good beasts about time you've put your thumb on something Yeah, that was when Carl Foster ran out of money because all the offshore gambling joints have been advertised many more And so we had no sponsors left so it said bye bye Carl take your point one share and they're goodbye And so then they've picked enough from a Tampa from Orlando and you ought to know the guy He's the what's his name? Shamus seem to seem in the X-ray or a cool guy. Yeah, I just lost his name Don I'm a junior something some horrible guy some gotta send and then somebody passed us the ratings from Orlando In this guy's got a point oh Five Ozen front of like about a two He's got like two millions of a point up in the Orlando market But he works cheap and they just open up a pod and then they'll keep the end left and way silly and silly over a good That's kind of a silly thing to do to the audience, but that's what you get That's exactly what you get is a screwing man right in your radio you could almost smell it Smell the smug my either that or maybe screw-ancing it around again bitch 20 tilt to a five 60 WQ a M why not let the number one Asian buffet in the universe Emerald coast To all the cooking for you this holiday season's a great idea Reserve your holiday party right now it'll be a feast Emerald coast can accommodate even the biggest groups even all the way up to Start your mouth watering experience with one or two or maybe all six of those fantastic suits the beast says why not try them all Line up to shovel it all in your post and Then sample doesn't the second amount for his like New York strip may do order at their sizzling Asian grill They got that new seafood sage york oysters on the half shell every night and they got a last-can stone crab middle-like clams Jumbo shrimp scampy and for the first time ever at the Emerald coast steamed main lobster on a weekend If there's any room left try the entire primary of their new Thai specialties too and don't forget You'll never walk out of Emerald coast with that that aching pounding MSC headache because they don't use any crap No MSG no corn starch they cooked everything only with cholesterol free rolls to and the buffet features a full son of our new sushi bar Fresh shrimp cocktail two and if you have any room, I left over see the beast will give you some pointers on how you do it at the buffet Show you like you should write the forward for my book to best of meals how I attack the buffet. I be honored And the beast will show her even loan your his crowbar so you can stuff it in your pants and make a little room for that dessert station Featuring Belgian waffles pies and cakes pastries ice cream all your favorite toppings even fresh fruit They even be having watermelon all the time to Emerald coasting a three locations for you in sunrise They're on pineapple at a 44th Street columns have it. Just know the 163rd North Miami Beach and the intersex There's a flamingo and Pembroke roads in Jerry Eckard Pembroke pies take the whole family of Poknex business luncheon right now and let the post at Emerald coast to all the cooking for you Take out delivery available to call nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five four five Seven two thirty eight twenty two for the holidays or anytime for a real feast. It's the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet Stench of power manure Pover's over this performance by the dolphin Baby Pretty is the girl I miss, but she gave the first one that I crinched his. I don't care if they get this. I'm proud to prove some funny girls and this, but you'll be the one to harm me. I'll be unbottled while she's on top. I feel it, my brick, my computer seems to play. He hurried me down the chimney tonight. He hurried me down my chimney tonight. I want to rip me down my chimney tonight. Tonight. You ever kind of think about the guy tonight, when I really, uh, French kids just think of one person, okay? And make you really just recoil. Dennis Rodman. Ugh. Yeah, won't they do it? Well, unfortunately, never paid for a soft-blooded team, but he certainly could have made our list easy big time, but didn't make it to soft-blooded. I'm not sure if you. Yeah, he did. On soft-beat with a bitch. Who's the, uh, which athlete was the biggest scumbag ever to play for soft-blooded team? Jose Canzaco who played his high school balls in South Florida, 54. I mean, he's like pulling away in a stretch big time. Lawrence fell of only 37. Chris, he wasn't around for a long was he. Cecil Collins 36, just a product vip his wick. Brian Cox 20. Michael Irvin a dozen, dirty dozen for Michael. Lawrence Santin, Brian Blades Dine. Puddrodrigas six, we hate you, Pudge. Ray Lewis six, Samus Smith five, Murphy Morris five, Nigya Devonport four, Musana Wright, Nigya. Yeah, Wu J. To meet your senderwood four, leave on Hernandez, which I'm sure we spelled out, uh, I don't know, three. Mark Fitzpatrick two, Lamar Day, Atomas two, Ramon Castro two, we spelled Lamar wrong. Uh, Benny Blades two, and only one vote from Mark Tooper super duper got one. Pete's trying to bitch one. Gene Atkins one, no votes for Cleveland Gary. Bobby Humphries, Jamie German, Al Martin or Tony Martin. Everybody like Tony Martin. Good guy. And you forgot all about it anyway, right? See if I went abroad and up again, nobody even know about it. I'm making some little scribblings here on a, because I'm so turned on by that moth thing. Absolutely. Uh, with the toe and the load, seen mow now promotes me, and which at least he's proading me in Hank, which is something, you know, the fact that we exist, but he does it with just a little bit of humor, very little. Uh, when he gives the line up, Joe Rose next, because I don't know why he even mentioned Joe, because Joe don't want to be mentioned by him or see him or smell him. But I guess he just doesn't, that's in there saying anything, Costa, about Joe. Mad dog at the two to four sandwich between and then he fill in the blank. The toe and the load. I'm thinking like the shrub and the tub, or the shrub and the tub, or how about since he does the thing with a weight on Hank, how about the sound and the cow? Okay, huh? Not bad. So I'll get the audience put their thinking caps on as to where's the the week come up with some good lines for mow for the moment, because he needs help. Absolutely. And then Thursday morning, we got those trends coming out for October. I bought this a good, a September October November, which will be the pre-frailed canning trend, which probably would be pretty good. And then the December will come along. What's the latest with Joe Rose? What's the latest, Skettle, about your picking up in there? I didn't hear anything today. Well, I mean, just give a recap. Whatever you said yesterday, that you don't want to repeat, because you somebody told you don't say it. How many clearance whispered that in your last night at the moment of passion, that your new King Carl Mantis, don't be as flirting at out on the year. Don't be splurking it. And then the rumor is that Joe Rose went in and asked for a lot of my due to weight to 10. And the people at Channel 6 is managed, but there are real unhappy in B.C. 6, because he's got to do the 11 o'clock sports at night. Get up real early in the morning, come in due to 10 and see that ugly asshole mow in his checkered pants. And then I'll have to have people out of either. So we may still just when we thought we'd find an ester-cated ourselves in the latest Greg, we mess. We still are ever going to do an limbo rock. Is what it sounds like to me. What you think? And Joe and Mark really believe that they're going to be doing 80. They keep thinking every time there's a position open, they think they're going to get it. Yeah, well, I'm sure that there's some open positions that they might get. You know what I'm saying? Right, though. They keep telling me, oh, Beast, you should do the overnight, you'll love overnight. No, you don't want to be buried overnight. I never say that since you've already been on in the daytime, because when you're on in the daytime, see what Joe and Markets okay, because this is their first actual show of the net auto racing things Joe does. But once you're on in daytime, and then they bury you in the middle of the night, that's like a gigantic step back. It's like being pushed back into oblivious. Like if you were doing 6 to 10 in the morning, and then they showed you back to like 5 to 8. Oh, my God. Oh, you're just pushing this scorch when you're five, you're way up. You're managed. I am a pussy. 5, 60, W, Q, A, presents. Leave it to Beast. Starting whole Howard David as well. All live as gay Carlos. Steven J. Goldstein as well as and Ryan Lebts as the Beast. I'm old. I'm old. Hey, what's the hatch there? I ain't got no place to hang my wiki. I'm old, it's I had another piercing accident. Watch out for the bottle. What is the Beast's cleavage? The Beast cleavages up. The Beast's cleavage went wally. G-beast? You better clean that deep pedal before Mogete's home? Um, gee, I don't know, I'll eat. It's kind of achy. So, you didn't clean the peep pedal, huh? Yeah, fat little bastard, you tub a lot. You're walking, goi-duck. Told you he did so, I'll count these so hard on the pie. They came here Beast. They we had a little chat. Um, I don't know. Okay. No, you don't say anything to lump through what they standard. Okay. I said not to lump them, bocking. But you stopped, but I doubt right, that's it. Remember my friend here? Mr. Boat. Don't go, don't go, don't go. I'll do it, don't go. I'll do it. I said stop it. You can't go, I'll do it. You can't go, I'll do it. You can't go, I'll do it. Okay. But don't stand near the window. What for? Cut you right, folks. Ah! Absolutely. Love it. 157 at 560WQA. I'm okay. Double digits only. Which athlete was the biggest comeback to ever play for Sound Floated Team? Uh, Warren Sapp 11, Michael Irvin 14, Brian's Cox 27. Lawrence Phillips time for second with Cecil 43. They're just looking to edit their wicks. And Jose can suck a way off all by himself with 61. Now, I remember back when F.A.B. blew you off the morning show. Yeah, man. And he was getting calls because naturally we were telling everybody on the air. Exactly what a miserable piece of crappy was. And his response I would would be be careful not to give a direct lie. He wouldn't deny it, but he would say, Or do you get your information? Or do you get your information? And which is just a backhanded way of evading killing on his dancer and of lying. Is there any doubt? Is there anyone in the building who doubts that you were canned off at that show? No. Now, how did that come about? What exactly was the, and I didn't say it to your face though, right? No, no, no, no, no. He, he, he, he more goally never said anything to me to me. You, you just got it second. That probably is when you started bonding with currents is pretty tight, right? Yeah. And it was just made very clear clear to you that you weren't going to be invited on the morning show. And on the course was that before after Carolyn was ceremoniously sent on her way down the hall to power. Oh, that was way after. After first it was Carolyn and it was the beast. And then of course, Joe and Mark were pretty tight there for while and night turned on him. It's just amazing to watch like a bunch of dominoes fall. It's a beautiful thing. But I still say I've got to written down here. I'm really impressed. The toad and the load. You got to admit. See, you won't even chuckle, but there's some real creativity involved there. I think deep within the balls. I think it would take the must grab off and let's some air get in there once in a while. Just like his mind get a little fresh here. I think you might find some creativity in there. No. Now, how do we make out with speaking of mine with Scott Jr today out the EQM family. Apologize for being a bunch of assholes. We're sorry, but it's a QMF in way. How do we make out? We got to report? Yeah, five or four. Twenty five twenty. Yeah. See, we could have done. I'm not going to knock it. Nice. Scott. We stared out with forty, seven five. So we went over 48,048,020 for a band of per rescue. But if we would have not been all screwed up there in the beginning. If we wouldn't have to confuse you with Mark Eisenberg is going to be in cruel springs. And Scott is trying to find his ass with both hands. And got an out there right at 10 or whatever was supposed to be. 11 o'clock. We could have probably pushed close to a thousand. You know what? But we won't look or give horse in the end in the. And they are pushed. 520 bucks knocked too bad. Don't forget you go online and get your best. The number is nice on the aradges.com. Also when you're online, take a look at that picture. I was just listening to our dummy. Come on Gary Jr. Going on about he was a butcher. He was a murdery filled hundreds of thousands of people. Explaining why the fact that they showed this picture, which are nearly the aradges. Show pictures of captives. But they're showing him because he was a big fish. Same guy that's shaking hands. So take a look at aradges.com. He's squeezing it, baby. The boosters next. He's going to tell you all about how it is to work with the guy who's in a coma. Bye bye. Howard David's a bitch.