Why do you question? They say the things are not quite right. On Wall Street. Oh, Lord. The Dallas City Lowe ran. Regenement. On Wall Street. Well, Alan Riesman, Siskis home. Think I'm rude, she's talking to. Because my property was the only one I was free. On Wall Street. I'm gonna catch in, on my steps, on Wall Street. It's the money in my side, not Wall Street. On Wall Street. My savings would be the same as that. I stopped getting into the bench. Because it's not a joke in the way. On Wall Street. On Wall Street. On Wall Street. The Dallas City Lowe ran. On Wall Street. On Wall Street. On Wall Street. Hello. Yeah, Mr. Roder? How come I hear that echo now, George? I guess I'll go ahead. I do a nail-man named Plant. And I was going to talk to you about your billboards. Yeah. I'm in the modeling business and I have... Yeah, this is Reverend Jones. I don't know who he is. Yeah, huh, we do. Anyway, nice to hear from Reverend Jones. He could have started on a Friday. He's in the modeling business. What? He couldn't even wait for the open to finish playing. Exactly. Well, he wanted to, like, segue off since most obviously, so whipped up about the billboards and makes it into this thing like, Well, I'm Bozo. Don't you understand you're already in somebody. There's a little over the listening. We know that. We're getting to people are already listening. A little heads up on where they are because, you know, they like to show. And of course, you probably be talking about where yours is too except that most of the people don't like your show. And you only got one anyway, one small one and a billboard. With no lights on it. Right. With no lights on it. Because George and Beena Boy are up there with their ladders. Turn it like Pokemon Lights out with their show. But he went through that whole hurry attic thing. No more times than again, at the end of the show. I thought he was going to bust a gut. He's been like pop on right there at the end of the show. It's funny or every other time he does it. In addition to which Disney always tells you he doesn't listen to this show. And you saw how does he know I'm talking about the billboard locations. We even plug where his billboard was too, which I noticed there's he don't care about that. See, it's the idea that the people who are already listening. They're curious. They want to see what they look like. It's not a question that we don't understand that they're already listening. We do know that. I understand you're a lot sharper than we are, okay? Lot sharper than our Ginsu knives. We understand that, Schmendrick. But the fact of the matter is that that we like to tell our people because they want to see an addition of which my face is on here because it's like that's my face. That's why I'm radio. And another is done. I'm as beautiful as Howard Stern lovely. No. Whoever said that people on radio had faces for outside. But that doesn't mean if you have a Howard Stern billboard, his picture might not be on it. Or done. I'm as it looks like a dead man or me who looks like whatever I look like crap. Who cares? See, because we're not vain. We're not trying to project something. Some phony image that some people do. I'm not going to mention no names. I can't stop. I know. I can't help yourself. It's your thing. It's you. And speaking of him speaking of them. If you go to the website right now or any time you get a chance, but right now it'd be a good time. Good good chuckle. Anybody hasn't seen it. Go to thearages.com right now. Scroll down under the pool, which by the way, the Howard Stern people mess with our pool right at the end and you see that? Yeah, I'm mad. They didn't fool us. Mad dog wanted. All right. But at any rate underneath the appell result, where it says features, you'll see the lovely Troy strapper formally number 23. My me dolphin running back. We used to be a good guy. And he's got the stolen, how are David and we can't hear a piece on there. Look at that. And it like, it's hopping up and down. It's your up and down. All of our Troy's head. That's a beautiful thing. We put on the spare. The spare hair. Woo! In fact, that was the piece that was going to be. If we had most picture out of Billboard, that was the piece that we're going to have on there. But that's why we couldn't put the picture. We lost the piece of the Billboard changes. Troy intercepted it. So here's the addresses of the Billboard. It's just amazing to me how whipped up to our friends he is about that. Which I guess what he's really poured off about is the fact that we got what four or five. And he's got that one little dinky Billboard. Well, that shows what they think he and what we're saying much. It ain't much. And you don't know why? If there's a buck I smell it. That's the problem. You got you nose up the wrong asses. Anyway, 1562 votes allegedly on yesterday's pool. While PD Lenny was in here, Hock and a Chinese. I thought that's a lot of a sudden they were busy. Did it over the pool. Because Mado was a head comfortably. About 15 votes all morning long. I kept peeking at it and the pool too. Well, it's big and a peeking at a boy was George. I'm telling you, when you're wrong, you go away off. I mean, we already covered this. You didn't see the first time. No, we covered this off the year. Yes, sir. We're going to cover it on the year. You didn't see the first. Because I promoted the hell out of the show. Are you hot on ABC? There was a full page ahead and some of what I've ever for it. And I was promoting a crap out of it. I saw it. You didn't. And you saw it. And you said, ah, they show blow is by the end. And that was it. Because I asked you how to hold was. They had a weak bunch of people. They had a weak bunch the first week. You could spell it with two ease within EAK. How there was weak. And you love to run so much. I watched it. It's got nothing to do with Lorenzo. I don't really care who the judges are. That's just, that says. What? Meaningless. So nobody watches that. So it's just show to see who the judges are. All of Lorenzo looked like he used to some of us might. What is this saying? What is this? Neil, Wayne Wright. The time when or the triple crown in the 30 to 40s died. Wayne Wright. What does that mean? I don't know. I thought it means in the 30s, in 40s. Oh my God. From Rick, unless the 120 years old. Thank you. Rick for the Civilating Information. Anyway, we'll get back to are you hot. Which inspired me for our poll day. We got a great poll about reality TV shows. Which I didn't realize it was like 6,000 of. Anyway, yesterday we asked our very growing poll man. The popularity is incredible. What do we up to? 45,000 votes now since since they looked away. Yes. Ha ha ha ha ha. There's just going wild. Look at that. Are you checking those numbers? Yeah. It was like 1400s. Some odd one. PD Lenny came and now one doesn't have 1600s. What did the last number be for printed this out was 1562 votes. Howard Stern 295 mad dog 291. Which we know. It's bogus. The Howard sperm people are pumping in like crazy. Now it gets it's part of that ego thing again. You know, it is what it is. Just accepted mad dog. More people listen to mad dog. Listen to this show than anybody else. Howard Stern was a very strong second. Was he good horse race? Phil Henry had 176 he was third. Are you sure? Fat Rush Limbaugh had 155. Schmidt had 133 and of course a lot of those, uh, especially the Schmidt votes yesterday were phony. They were also porn in like in clumps and clusters. The hopper at 116. High Goldbrookburg. Randy Rhodes. How did it in 4 which I'm still? Do you really believe that? Yeah. You kept saying that all day yesterday. I believe it. Taida. Taida. Hmm. Just a sound of that. Just makes me. Bob and Tom was was all small potatoes after that. Bob and Tom at 52. Paul and old Ron on Zeta 44. Joe and Mark had 30 even beating out Mohour David and they're on and luck in a wee hours at the morning when nobody's awake and they still had more votes. For people listen to them, uh, then Mohour David and they had 30 he had 28. Pretty weak mo. No what are he so belligerent? Oh, so? Roamy had 23. I think he still pissed off about the, um, the Rean vines. Either what I mean, no, it's play it. I think he's really got a big buck up his old smelly. Right, though. We've got a bug up his ass man. A big, it's calling around in there. It's robbing him nuts. See that opens up the Pandora's box for some more homophobic comments. You can make on Monday. Take some notes, Moh. That's his main thing. Anti women and tie fags. That's that's basically the whole thing on your show now. If that wouldn't surprise me if we have a whole bunch of women's and gear organizations go after his ass now. What about the dikes? Uh, what did I just say? Gate organizations. Mohour David is at 28. This boy yesterday other than the award radio personality, listen to most. A Jim Rome, Rome he had 23. Steve Kane 16. Jeff the forest 14. It was the late edition before with his 85 billboards. By the way, today will be telling you where all a defos billboards are too. George Nuri, LB, silk doctor, Laura had 13. Rick Shaw had 11. Ricky Tickey Tom join her to fly jog head nine. A caplan at eight. Joyce Kaufman six. Joe Rose had six. The big left band had five and forty. Three. That's because we don't have his like little kids to listen to. His show. They don't listen over here on AM. And certainly not on this station. Eddie not the chronic asshole. Facts are says the new fashion of freedom this and freedom that is opposed to French this and French that. So it's a really nice thing. I'll only further solidify these stupidity of Americans because the funny thing is they actually are flemished fries, lamssafried of lambest spritus. Which are Belgian and with the Belgian who invented French, but where do they stand on this issue? Between rock and hard and the Iran. It was the illiterate of the Western Hemisphere decided they were French fries to begin with love. You tons thanks for continuing to try John the shallow mine of Craig Marseille's Eddie another Eddie not the chronic. Thank you Eddie not the chronic. Thank you very much. The Belgians invented. So as if we have to do this if these people are compelled to show their childish the why can't we just call them fries don't we anyway. But fries with that nobody says you want French fries with that nobody says that. Large fries. Nobody goes into a drive through a burglar king and says oh give me a big mac or whatever to hell it is that what what they sir. What's burrking. What's burrking. What's a guinea wiper and an order a large French fry. Huh? Anybody say that? No of course not. But there are some people who just have to make a big similar to everything just to make their point. Where are you French fries and we do hit the French but for different reasons. Sure. We always hated the French at least we're consistent. Oh look at this or Elizabeth's or deal. Oh Elizabeth's are to come safe by the way. Oh. And we got more of her relatives on there all over the place. Or police say she suffered psychological damage isn't that shocking or she's surprised. Aren't you surprised? Wow. Oh, I again I don't want to make light of it but it's just and then last night the speaking of bad hairpieces. Aaron Brown with a really bad red hairpiece on here looks like a beaver dot on his head. He's gone to his little speech he has like a little monologue he goes through 10 o'clock every night and about well we don't apologize for the coverage here because nothing is really changed in the u.n around the war front above and above and above and this is a feel good story about how we found Elizabeth. Yeah, I try to rationalize the fact that the media are in a feeding frenzy over the story and just go into the ground like they do with everything else on and on and on and on and on and over and over until you got Elizabeth smart coming out of every or fishing your body. Right. Oh, I'm saying enough is enough already. Well, when you get a little more information about these scumbags that kidn after and when he decide what time and what channel they're going to blow their brains out on national TV then let us know then we'd like to hear that. But other than that I think we've heard more than enough from all these relatives and this is another thing that's disturbing to me is that all the friends and relatives every time one of these things comes along they just can't get enough coverage. They can't be on enough networks. They can't be on enough to thank everybody after the first 500 times it gets to be a little bit pondish. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I know what you're saying. The uncles, you know the uncles they want their 15 seconds of fame. Anyway, I'm a co-wate George said, are you hot was really hot last night? It's a great show and now they're finally catching on and finally again. Oh, but that's just a parade of flesh and I say, Oh, right. That's what we want last night was hot last night was just fine. There was something there for everybody even if you don't like Lorenzo Lama's who cares. 913 at 560 WDQM it's getting to be 100 degrees in the shade just about every day in fact it's going to warm up here this week and 50s. Alright, but down here like 90s. This turning on a hot stove to cook dinner and that kind of weather turn you off like a lot of people have probably does. Maybe you should start thinking about grilling already even though it's only the middle of March. You'll just thought your barbecue needs chop at barbecue's galore they've got the guaranteed lowest prices in town. And this weekend they get even lower because barbecue's galore is holding their gigantic their big humongous annual spring sale. Today tomorrow and Sunday only take advantage of huge savings like 15% off on most barbecue accessories at barbecue's galore. Save over 275 bucks on a 52-inch grand turbo stainless steel cart with rear rotisserie stainless grills inside burner. The price is unbeatable. I'm about saving on a weather grill which I have ever grill myself there sensational just great for tailgating. There's a barbecue for every price range and smokers, patio heaters and accessories and cookbooks and sauces. All of these things are all on sale too. You get a big selection awesome sale prices. A knowledgeable and friendly staff they picture with a right grill just for what you need. Pop brands great service and annual spring sale going on today through Sunday only at barbecue's galore. The your barbecue specialist. Don't forget say 15% all this weekend at barbecue's galore you'll find a plantation in coral springs. For the exact locations and more info called toll free 1-800-Greal Up. 1-800-Greal Up for barbecue's galore. My life and low. This is 4-056. You can wear your hair. Fridge people piss me out. The little Eastern world will be exploded to dawn that people give With the gas that we sold him. First time a grister nation and they only want that's going. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing. Forget about Korean. The nooks they're toast to NASA. We're right. We're just really in over and over into our head. Daddy, rag, has some. Fampions of past destruction. 3,000 people killed. Our now forgotten. Let's exploit him instead. Hey, there's oil to be cognizant. Going after said not to. Plank NATO's summer. There's no longer mention of the name in Lodis. But no it's safe concerned. A man complaces believe in every word of this cartel In administration that controls us by fear. Through leading a manipulation and a right wing. His drilling head over and over into our heads. Daddy, rag, has some. Waffin' of past destruction. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now not see us from this city. I have nothing to hide. Table talkers all are safe. I know be the handle don't ask. Any wizard beaches. Out of provoked battle ends. World annihilation. Old regime must fall. And have a virgin and so. With no objection at all. Till the crack known as a false end of. Right wing is filling it over into our parade. Watch man. I rag, has some. Fampions of past destruction. You're totally a rag mess of. Waffin' of past destruction. Great district wars. Wars starts Tuesday. Out of black. Aren't you lucky, yeah? And you're thinking about something. What's important, nearly when there's anything going on in the world. Our station might be one of the last. Did anybody with tune into a message of ball game or some kind of a golf tournament? Or some crap like that? Like a sports emergency? But. That's sports. That's a great line. We ought to have a sounder for that. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. But seriously, because thanks to our good friends at Chief Channel. Yeah. There is no more news station. Right. So they're locked into like Dr. Laura and Lardash and stuff like that. So, nor is there any local talk. What? I said local. I see. That's right. Doesn't go on those. Well, what time is she on anyway? The goddess. Okay. I have no idea. I'll have to do this. She can't beat you. Crazy. How would I know? How to hold her. Well, I'll tell you. Ask. Leonard. He might know. Peter. I think she's on any afternoon. But forgetting about that. So the idea is since we have the flexibility, like if something's happened in the Where do you just? The diplomat from one of the other. Thank you, Paula. You just open up the pot and there it is. So the moment that the hostility start when you're on here anyway, you just open it up. Put it up. You're going to have a big week next week. I think because it was started Tuesday. Oh, huh? And we'll have lots of food in here so that we can just eat and listen to. We can have a big war party. Sounds good to me. I'll bring my war paint. I'm going to come down for, but I doubt it. So here's the poll today. And again, I don't care what anybody says. You're entitled to your own opinion. This is a good show. And you know, assholes like Tom Jickick and right. Wow, this is just gratuitous flesh. You know what? That's what the public wants to, including me, including George, including Carlos, and probably including Tom, you know. We're not looking for so much intellectual stimulation on TV. Maybe once in a while, you know? Right. A flesh parade. Right. A flesh parade. What's wrong with that? That's what the public wants, right? Right. FNA and FNA. So my poll question today. And I realized it was going to be such a star-spangled banner of so many shows. God. Yeah. Because you know the greater originality of TV. If there's one, there's a bill. If there's one, and it's a hit, there's a thousand. Although, you notice how fast the quishio thing peed it out on a kind of its sucked, maybe? And kind of the quishio is they came up with sucked, and I kind of the fact that they just drove them into the ground who wants to be a millionaire 15 times a week, and they killed it. Like everything else television touches, they kill it. They butcher it. And that's all they know how to do. Right. Overdo where they like the Elizabeth Smart thing, like the alien stuff. They can't just do it and do it well. If somebody catches on and somebody says, hey, we like that. Oh, great. It's like if you had a steak. Yeah. And you said, when I was at the list, it's like, oh, here, have ten more. Oh, no, I just only wanted one. No, here, have twenty more. And you finally start puking on steak. You know, you finally start up chucking meat. Anyway, which TV reality showed you like best speaking of meat? Are you hot? 13 nights on ABC by the way, to have an excellent panel last night. And there were like, I would say three guys and three chicks. They were like, pretty goddamn good. And maybe more than that. I forget. There was, there were good. Huh? I can't remember that one girl's name. Did we figure it out before the show? Oh, like Rachel. Rachel, yeah. Yeah. See? I know. Rachel and then it was, and I even looked back. If you go to their website, are you hot? They got the contestants from all four or five weeks. Whatever that's been on here. They're all on there. And there's some people that quite frankly. They're picture shouldn't be on my billboard. They can have better pictures. That's just bigger but like. Oh, when you look like that, how could you have your picture on the billboard? You want people that, yeah, I didn't really, didn't really bother me. Everybody knows what I looked like. And I look, I'm going to old, uh, bag. It looks bad. And it's where it goes. I got a face for radio. Doesn't bother me. I saw it again. See this morning. That's what happens when you're a personality when you're a celebrity. Is people know what you look like. And to be honest with you, there's lovely king on CNN right now. They just showed his ugly post. Huh? Yeah, I'm not even in the same category with him when it comes to ugly. But he don't mind. See what I'm saying? Mm-hmm. Look there. Right? The Virginia and the gunslinger. Right from my white or, uh, and the smoke. But, uh, I mean, everybody was like, going into the lone ranger, the lone stranger, uh, a wild Bill hitchcock. They were all on there. And the same with cop show, the same thing. Uh-huh. So TV if something goes over, man, like, oh, it's a hit. It's a freaking hit. Like Robert Dubel said, it's a big, big fat-titted hit. Remember that? Yes, they do. Yeah. That was Howard Veele, of course. And maybe they could have Howard Veele as one of the, uh, that's right. He's dead. Yeah, man. See if they just had Peter Fincher round. They could have him on to do one of the judges on, are you hot? He was mad at Howard Veele. Oh, I was so good at that. Oh, oh. Maybe they could just pop his body up there to replace Lorenzo Lomis to make you happy Since you hate Lorenzo Lomis so much. You're just jealous because of how he used to look. Whatever. Look at it this way. He don't look so great anymore. So, yeah. He got a feel pretty good about that. He's looking worse by the day. What was that movie he was in with all the snakes? Snake eater. But there was no snakes in it. Well, me, he was a snake. Yeah, otherwise there was he kept grappling with that. There's a snake eater too. He's a goofball. But he sure did use to look good. In fact, he could have been on that show as a contestant as opposed to a panelist. But you're right. He's doing the Howard Stern routine. I funny you mentioned that to me this morning because that's how I listened to him doing the judging last night. I thought he started to sound like Howard. You know, I don't mean our Howard. Reigning back and trying to be cool and just shot out. I like him. Just but you're okay. My book reminds me of don't hate any crap off his little Lombe and Anna. This Guava Eden spick. Twenty seven past nine and five sixty WCWM. That's going to be a regular on my schedule is are you hot? Huh? Hey, more are you hot? No. I'm telling you all this. It's really hot. That's Emile Coach Chinese buffet. In fact, whether you're lovely, whether you're ugly, whether you're slim, whether you're a gigantic tub. And of course, that all the phases you'll see some people. You'll think, what are they doing at a buffet? Why are they just? Well, that's how they got like that. Practice makes perfect. Three locations of the great Emile Coach Chinese buffet is trying this weekend. Go for a feast before the war starts. And then always a good idea to like stir up for the famine. Sure. You'll find him in sunrise, North Army beats in their newest location in Pembro Pines. Everything is fresh and delicious. Nothing sits out there getting moldy and oldy. Six different kinds of soups. They got dozens of succulent entrays. Oriental surf and turf on a weekend. Like this weekend. And New York stiff made order if that great gourmet set of that say sizzling Asian grill. Or they feature teriyaki steak and shrimp and chicken and seafood handcarp primer. I'll cook your order. And when you walk on the Emile Coach, you'll be guzzin't and put because the Chinese say you'll be full to the gulls because anyone have any headache. No MSG, no cornstarch and a cook only with cholesterol free oils. There are buffet features a full salad bar, a new sushi bar, fresh shrimp cocktail, and even better news, Emerald Coast's famous lobster feast is back featuring lobster thermometers and lobster bisc. And if you have a room for dessert, which will be a miracle, but try to save it with a pace yourself. You know, in about the 3 to 4th hour, you don't want to dessert bar featuring pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit. The perfect ending to a major major pig out. Three locations of the great Emile Coach Chinese buffet is in sunrise, Pine Island of 44th Street. There are Collins Avenue, just north of 163rd Street, north Miami Beach, and also a theatre-sister flamingo and Pembroke Road's in prestigious Pembroke Pines. Look for the new Oriental chicken salad to a thermal coast. They've set reservations to come to the Vivailleville 2 called 954-5723822. 954-5723822, give it a shot this weekend. You'll love it. The Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. 9556485. Feel Rodger. Can I do it? Dole and Clinton. Let me ask you something, Bob. Would you like to look for it? I'm Dulls, as money I mean. Over time she makes a speech. She's staring up at the sky. Yeah. I'll let you taste something that I wrecked. I ordered 79 bomb emissions in Iraq back in 98, but your people put a stop to it. Desert Fox Ring of Bell. But Bob Dulls says, you've got a blow job. Yeah, Paul. All your fault. Your people who fixated with my penis, and still are the fail to win the race. Laced out on me that he held from my penis. Bob Dulls could always use a hand. Bob, those girls are so much you're wearing. You want a date or not my type man. Bob, can you do this? Bob Dulls says, no. Oh, you really fast. Look, I'm making a jatt of puppets. Not even in the same room, stupid. I know you can't see me. I'll see him the main communist. Damn, don't. You got my check. 934-562-WM. Now is that for real online one or is that a joke? Carlos. It's real. It says, Paolo Park, Brian Sears, huh? Hello. I have to get Brian. He's right next to me. I ride around the level of the morning and I've heard you praise Brian Sears. And I said, well, I got away to my conduit as barren. Because he's not usually here in the morning. Right here right now, about 10 feet. He was waiting like five minutes. Let me just hold him two seconds. There he comes. Brian, here he is. He's on the air. There he comes. He was standing there while you're doing the whole monologue. Here he comes. There this is a man of course. Just sweetheart. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, this Brian Sears. Is it really? Yes. This Brian Sears. Yeah. I just called the, I enjoyed your show and thanks for all the things that I wanted to say. How long you sticking around Brian? I'm going to sit down here till the middle of April. Really? Yeah. Well, thanks for being there. Okay, well appreciate your show and, uh, You go for good work. And you too. And no more than 8-1 night, okay, Brian? Okay. That's going to be the limit. All right. Okay. Okay. Okay. I think I don't know if that was for real or not. Do we know if that was for real or not? I guess it could have been. It was while we had a seat doing a voice. How's it going, A-Wally? So that takes care of our calls. You had a whole bunch of money for a minute, but I guess they ran away. Which is fine with me, you know? The pull is up. I don't think we're going to get big response on this pull. You want to know why? Take a look at what's leading. I put a 40-voteer. We get a quick 40-voteer. As soon as it goes up, it's 21. They all suck. Yeah. We can all sit around watching Sean Hannity or whatever. Have the popular thing to say, but the reality of it all is that's for you. I mean, nobody's tracing your vote. We don't have to come to your house and check out which ones you're watching. They don't all suck. In fact, if I wouldn't have been for our real world and road rules, they had some plenty of moments on there too in their time. Real world this season is a whole new level. Is it really? Well, not for you. Oh. Well, I'm just saying for whatever anybody wants to see it. Oh, God. You can't be talking about that. I did go out for the intellectuals out there all through them. I did go out and get the books yesterday that I was looking for. I desperately must have been my lucky day. Propetra War for perpetual peace by Gorbidol. And a hunting of the president by Joe Kahnison and Gene Lyons, which is a big thick book. Like almost 400 pages. It's big and it's thick. That's what Bubba said. The hunting of the president, the tenure campaign to destroy a Bill and Hillary Clinton. Excellent book. Are we scan through it? 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. 8 million bedtime stories from the table. It's today. So if nobody's got any material, that's okay with me because we got tons and tons of crap here. Let's see, Survivor 5, the Osborne's 5, they all suck 29. That's our crowd sour. Your sour folks quit being so sour. I know your stuck there. That's your problem. And the lion. Yeah, I'm out of the, you don't know if they're lying or not. But why are they so good? They're negative on everything. Oh, you know the answer to that. You're always accusing me. Oh, another one on Neil's negative pulls. Well, this isn't negative. We're asking you what do you like the best. That's a positive. You like anything? No. Is there anybody that you like? Oh, you like yourself? I like me. We a world MTV 3, fear factor 2, are you hot. Scott appear and one of those is mine. So 53 votes. Small potato is nothing. We just haven't hit on. Of course we didn't put more Howard David on this poll or Howard Stern. So it just ain't going to get the kind of response that we're looking for. Very sad. So it's appropriate that I'm handing the keys of the king to you for the next week. Because you can see that the tremendous enthusiasm we had from then most of this week. Right on the toilet. You know what I mean? Well, they're busy doing what? Don't take it. That's right. Okay, I'm keeping it. And that's right. Get ready for Tuesday and more. Here's Miami. Hello. Good morning. My second. Yeah. Thanks, ma'am. You know, it's not for. I keep bringing the food. I will. Okay. Okay. And you know, I'm going to see that. He's been forced on the way up to Boka. By the way, don't, uh, right. Your neck looking at your thing on a turn pipe. Spinning around like Linda Blair trying to get one last peak. Why he's got to see it in the daytime because you can't see it at night. That billboard. Doesn't have your picture on your Mo. Trust Bradford told the piece five, six, seven, and anybody see that thing on our website. That's not for it, I keep forgetting. Keep forgetting where I'm on here. Here's Boiton Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Nice to meet you. I went out and I bought the Michael Moore book. And I bought another one of his books called Gown-sized This. Right, that was the book one. Yeah, have you read that one? No. You gotta get your hands on that one too. That one's all about corporate America and it's a lot like a movie Roger and me about closing down the factories and all of these different things that unfortunately it's written in 96. So a lot of the politics have changed since then. But the policies are still the same within the corporations and the contributions from to the political parties are still coming from the same places. So it still semi-relative. Excellent book, though. Okay. Yeah, give it a read. Okay, thanks. Michael Moore likely to win Oscars a matter of fact. If all the scenarios plows is predicted if the US invades a rack next week and Michael Moore wins the best documentary category for bowling for Columbine, the 70-Fist-Doss Awards ceremony in March 23rd will be historically controversial event. Given the intense divisions over the war in the US especially in the anti-war Hollywood community, when by Moore could eclipse such historically political years of 72 and 78. In the first case, Marlon Brando sent a model dressed as an Apache woman to reject his best actor award for the godfather and a protest and be half an Native American in 1978 a pro-Palestinian Vanessa Redgrave on best actress Virginia and refer to Zion as Tudalums from the stage of the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion where protesters burned her an FG outside. Moore's angry documentary condemns American culture as paranoid, gun crazy at home and militaristic abroad put him in front of a worldwide audience of a billion you can expect a forceful tie-weight against President George W. and his war plans. It says on the surface, bowling for Columbine's Oscar win seems as much as a foregone conclusion as the onset of the bombing and Baghdad. How do you like that? In a course, he couldn't get it to film to the American. Oh, he had to come up here to Canada to find people who would film a form. All we don't want to put that propaganda on here, right? No, we don't want to. So there you go, the great Michael Moore, but we don't want to talk about stuff like that. We want to talk about reality show. Oh, and they don't, they hate him 54. How many of us votes we got? 54 out of 101. Almost half say they all suck. They suck. You suck. Survivor 9, the Osborne's 9 real world MTV 6, are you hot Scott 5, blind A3 and American Adler? It's just starting to formulate now. They're just starting to catch on. Got it? Got it. 19 till 10 at 5.60 WQA. What do we got on the O.S. Right, Mad Dog's off today. Nice going, Mad Dog. Good thing. I've been on the show for a long time, the Hopper doing a short golf stream where he'll be in Heaven 3 to 6. 6. 6. 5. 6. 6. 5. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 5. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. The white house says we're all blue now Can't be sure when they might strike a big year We'll never expect because of all of the stress Rum's fences we've been on watch out He used the word I've been to the air It's a tearless morning I'm alive The government says we're perfect And I'm scared Listen, I'm evil But when now We're a scissive The pretzel and joe I think there are hopes They give you a me a stroke I think that I just will ignore it Yeah, live my life Enjoy the ride Live my life I can't wait Share it with you Make me sick 526560WM happy Friday 2 Gill and homestead is becoming beyond chronic on a fax machine But nevertheless, at least he's responding to what I'm talking about The real world on MTV was the original every season of Get's Veter says Gill Yep, he's probably going to get the real That's a thrill from the real world 560560 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line I'll tell you I'll tell PD to thank so much for this copy, wrote for Troy Strattford Hmm I'll go in there, PD You jackass What they see leaving by the way There's before, before after the war starts Here's Fort Lauderdale Our lonely only call, hello Hello, Neil Yes? Yes, firepoint The crystal mushrooms on the corner Otherwise, it's a bit of a surprise Yeah, wherever you know, thank you Sunrise and power line, wherever it is, no soul knows Oh my god Woo It is a scary, you know? Good thing I got a pile of stuff here I could go to midnight, really? I could, I got piles, man, don't tease me like that For example The oldest human footprints have been found in volcanic ash in Italy They were made by individual scrambling down the flanks of an active volcano about 150,000 years ago Now the Bible says that we're only 5,000 years old So what kind of comic pink or propaganda is this, huh? Satan put the footprints there The titan scientist identified three separate fossilized trackways Said the people that made them walked on two feet Using their hands holding the stead of themselves on a difficult descent Through the oldest footprints to be found of the genus Homo What? The group that we belong to The researchers told the BBC The genus Homo is what they're saying Gave? Homo? What was it? Gave? He's obsessed If there's anybody more homophobic than Mow, I haven't encountered that person yet I'm sure we got a few in the audience Which is his crowd, then it's like, my god, Gave Obsessed? Obsessed? And of course you know what they say about those kind of people No, what do they say? The ones that always point to finger? The finger? Like does kind of finger kind of like does a boomerang? Comentators say the prince were probably made by Homo Hidalburg genus Sounds like Nazi-fagots Hidalburg genus A 400 in the endothal is a dominated europe at this time And most of what's in South Florida right now at this time The endothal is Paulo met me at Tho and his colleagues from the University of Padua Studied the trackways, known to locals as Devil's Trails And they say they are particularly detailed The prince were found in the western margin of Rockamona, Fina, volcanic complex in southern Italy And a cryoclastic flow dated back between 285 and 285,000 years ago Almost 400,000 years old They're almost regular in sunrise How do you like that? And yet the religious doctor, now the Bible says The god created a 5000 years ago 5600 whatever it had supposed to be And anybody who would believe that crap God save us from them Oh god 560,000 old fat Because once I get into this tablet stuff Man, I'm not turning back Oh, you're a Josie Lambe thing about Jack O'Tide of the mob With Alvin Malnick Justin trades Kelly speaking of tabloid show A reality show Justin Guarini from American Idol Justin trades Kelly for a guy Boys, stars, noisy, sex needles, neighbors Sexy, Jennifer Esposito's mating call Has a beer of apples, neighbors, a fuming Britney's decoy spells, double probability She's got a decoy But the Sydney fears dad's explosions And wants to move OJ daughter trapped in a house of pain And this is the saddest story of them all We're gonna put this right on top of my pile And we had to think a couple days ago about who's gonna cook first Yelp And Jack parted to get too many hosts probably Because most of our audiences know enough to remember Jack parted to me in Book of Brian Jack part was far in a way The greatest host of the tonight show He really invented I mean Steve Allen and Jerry Lester were before him But in terms of what it turned into With the guests and the table and the chairs That was Jack part started about He was sensational Jack part silence by stroke Oh Not a good shape 84 and maybe on a way out You don't care about that because you know from Jack part Us will the old the clips when they do the history of television and stuff Charlie Weaver Right Oh he had an incredible guest I was under King but at any rate 567 here's a lady in the Pembroke Pines Hello Or Morris Plains, I'm sorry, Morris Plains New Jersey Danielle, how you doing? Okay, I thought it said Pembroke Pines We get to make all Morris Plains I'm in New Jersey I'm like a fan of Tom Lilling and Johnny Depp I made that note but what I wanted to say is that Do you need that note? Yeah I'm the bits that you're playing Our fantastic I don't know who writes them Is it all Boke Brian or whoever No more Howard David Riceam Pardon? More Howard David No way I'm glad we got rid of him years ago But you're stuck for a while You're just like a little bright spot on the station I don't listen to anything else on that station I don't blame you And I love the appearance of the new website I don't know who that fellow is on there Clip in his wig Troy Stratford former dolphins running back The former football player And I want to have our esteemed salespeople Is that so? A man who can't write his own copy but he's not a bad guy It's real cool It's a good book Well thanks for recognizing our distance and have a great weekend Absolutely And we're good we go I will Well deserved honey I certainly will Thank you Bye as soon as the show ends And we're right to the window and jump 5-6-7-0-5-60 Pound 5-60 on the AT&T And Verizon Wireless Line A very silent crowd here this morning Maybe they want to talk about Ward We want to talk about the Ward No We want to argue about the Iraqis No We'll leave that to the Goddess And I still don't believe that I don't care what you say I don't believe that bogus number she had on there That can't be possible The fact that we get all these fiery ports all the time We don't get all these we get one here And one there like a couple of week Maybe at tops on a big week And even the negative Ward Carlos, you know what he's talking about Never have any of you listen No, I mean what are you saying? The old Yentres, the O'Hawkshow group He's the hero like us With crap from 100 years ago How kind of talk was big? About five minutes Yeah, exactly God And what does this fact say? What? What did you want to wish you Well, in your upcoming vacation this morning was Tape and local on a Howard Davidad Show What does that mean? Tape and local I don't know The guy I saw pop as he was playing Oh, he was playing interview with some sports agents From the previous day just wanted to hear himself talk Probably just wanted to kill some time because Gildy's out looking for another job Is that funny when they promote the Howard Davidad Show They play a bit about Goldies Wife calling Talking to who wears the panty hos in the family They don't even want to promote Mo Well that bit by the way is older than the thuslaw older than those footprints they found I'll miss you next week Bubble tune into George Please pass along to Georgia if he gets bored one day Wants to see the phones line up Pause the question It's been over 30 years since it often's won the Super Bowl What makes you think that went in the next 30 years To get greatly sponsored I'll have to do it answer to cause with bits Yes, no, oh, oh, oh, oh Okay, there you go No, I don't think George is going to be doing that No, no, no No, no No, go in pretty good and pull it got to that 560 pound 560 Anyway, I'm going to do the Jackparster Please, thank you Now that they got a bunch of calls on you They got enough of this thing Jackpars talents by stroke Legendary talk show host Jackpars facing his last day Without one of his most valuable assets is ability to speak The 84 year old former tonight show host Close friend Regis Philba and Charles Groton Rushed with hospital bedside to try to cheer him up And offer words of comfort to his beloved wife Miriam But they were shocked to see the effects and powers help from a devastating stroke Which robbed him of his famous voice They tried everything to entertain Jackpars They all got was a flicker of a smile and a brief look of understanding Miriam 84 tells the globe In an exclusive interview Both Regis and Chuck were upset to see Jackpars Way beneath them let Jack know they were how they were feeling There was a thing one of the other articles about this It's not in this one, it's one of the other tab words about Jackpars Where he was ripping Larry King and some of the interviews And rightfully so he's one of the few guys that's got the balls To rip a lot of the crap that goes under the powder puff interviews And he asked kissing, you know what I'm talking about? I'm sure you do So poor Jackpars he may be on a way out and we're pretty upset about that Those are the old farts like me and Booker Brian and that's about it And maybe more Here's a call from Miami, hello Hey Neil I have a question about Coke you Tim Yeah How many of those rooms do you take a day about? Uh between 102 Do you think it'll help you when you got your stroke? Just to rebound the staffs you did? No I don't think it's anything to do with that It doesn't have I don't think it is much to do with your um With your circulation, it has to do with your heart I think that's why when I had my stress test which I shouldn't have had I think that's why my heart's still in good shape because I've been taking it for years I'm taking it about three weeks and it can tell a different Yeah, it'll get you in your pulse rate way down I'll tell you that Right, that's what I feel a lot It's great for your heart I wouldn't tell you I wouldn't exaggerate about it's very important stuff No, I listen to what you say and I got all your meds too so I was pretty good to stuff There you go Okay keep popping it man He's popping it And the earlier went in the Coke you tend to he's popping it What TV reality showed you like best? Well, the votes are starting to poor and but unfortunately it's not a good sign 164 but That ain't exactly poor in any of the reason No, 90 say they all suck God, it's just I am sorry But right now I have to draw the line in the sand you know what I mean? Yeah, what kind of a town is that what kind of a place is that sour? sour sour sour That explains so much of the crap we get here at a farm Hey, I'm all you know the same old tires the 20, 70 years later the same morons the same hateful people the same people just full of this they just disenchanted with life Man, maybe we can get the Dr. Mangalita coming for a couple of weeks and take care of some of these people a whole bunch of them We can have like a mess Dr. Jack and come down, huh? You know if you change the question to anything else and still included that option they all suck So you think oh they all suck is oh I'm all put it on right Can you imagine how few votes we'd have if we didn't put the all suck? It's got 90 votes. What's your favorite food? I got the most of the half of the 164 votes and that's got 94 at 55% say they all suck The Osborne 16 survivor 14 American Idol 10 real world MTV 7 are you hot 7 fear factor full blind day three any other ones are like small potatoes so far. They don't watch that crap They're busy watching important stuff. They're listening to the NPR and they're watching PBS You believe me? No, no, of course they're not But they're sure a lot more refined intellectual than we are We're sports radio 5 6 2 AM Why the you best dude just in time for safe Patrick's den His my records presents drinking songs I have to move my stickie look I yeah, you know how I feel Class and drinking songs the whole family can sing together My Corona Good to meet a good to meet She's the one who will eat their eyes Corona I think it's their I'm different She looked like one in different Their eyes Corona I'm too interested Drinkings on I'm talking before midnight same Patrick's day and get a free bar back No, I know but what's it? Doesn't mix with the acre-lister There's a bathroom on the right Oh, right 10 out to five 60 WQM happy a Friday 2nd since I won't be your Monday happy same patties day We'll play all the same patties day, but today won't wait You better I'll present a updating his efforts on Middle East peace Yeah After three simple lessons The nation of Israel has a new government All we can say that is Oh, exactly And we do see lamby at our close personal friend Who used to be the son central is now moved up in the world with the taboid to star Star confidential is this column it says is Jacko married to the mob This one you thought that Michael Jackson's life couldn't get any stranger here And news that shows once again in the truth is strange of the infection Waco Jacko's new friend is a multi-millionaire south-loaded tax lawyer and developer whom law enforcement official suspected for years of being involved in organized crime The King of Pop and the mob say it's so Jacko Several sources in the memory identified the new man in Jackson's life as Alvin Malnick Who is famous in the underworld as Jackson isn't the pop music world They've had dinners together Michael has stayed in Alvin's house He's been looking like the best of friends as one source post-demalnick So who is this guy Malnick? Let's just say he's a smart one He never got an ad for anything through the late 60s and 70s Malnick was an alleged associate of the notorious Florida monster Meyer Lansky Oh, hey Malnick also co-owned's title owns of America Accompanied that charges the poor up to 300% interest on loans In the early 80s the New Jersey gaming commission didn't mince its words when abandoned Lansky to casinos from doing business with Malnick He called the 69 year old man a person of unsuitable character And reputation engaged in organized crime Malnick denies any mob connection but his background and reputation make you wonder Why Jackson would hang out with him? Stuart Bakkerman Jackson's mob piece didn't return calls for comment Malnick mean while's been entertaining Jackson at the swanky mommy beach restaurant that he founded the forge What does this all the two friends? This is Chaodon on some of the joint trademark $70 stakes away from pride eyes In the places wine seller where some bottle sped $75,000 After one such there Jackson was seen serenading Malnick on a piano Oh my god After one such dinner Jackson was seen serenading Malnick on a piano Oh it's speaking of a pint instruments You know Elizabeth smart that they found and she's home and safe and everything like that Do you know she did a thing for this show? That's right she did a forgotten You got girl, I'm sure it lives Nine months she's held against her will and she still does this for us which we appreciate very much I don't want to harp on it but Energy toward reconciliation And development There can be no peace for either side Middle East unless there is freedom for both Reaching that destination will not be easy We can see the way forward Malnick parties must take that way Step by step you said call him on the party starting An America will be the acting partner of every party Then she's true peace All right Hi Thank you sweetheart Haven't been Michael were having a grand old time one sources Alba just had triplets with his 28 year old wife and Michael has three little ones so they have a lot in common Malnick also opened the doors of his twenty million dollar plus twenty one path through 40,000 square foot ocean front mansion to the singer Malnick is only one of a slew of Laco jacko hangar's on whose raised eyebrows among Jackson Jackson Allegees Do you know the was such a thing is Jackson Allegees I do know it was just reported the Jackson paid a voodoo that we know about that about the spell Now comes the alleged monster Malnick by the way email confidential is carefully worded statement when questioned about his relationship with Jackson I have no present or past business relationship of any kind with Michael Jackson nor is one contemplated Malnick road And then Joe's he goes on to say he is supposed Jackson called him called on him because the voodoo didn't work We just witnessing the birth of gangster pop That's what Josie Lambi says in the star Shame on you Josie I think we had to get a picture Josie Lambi with that same hair piece bounce up and down at Troy Stratford's got that would be great See if you'll drive down we got it here in the studio You know anti-war machine blows up at exec The quiet controversy swirling around telephisions commander in chief the opinionated Martin Schene who plays president Bartlett on bc's the west wing has exploded Sheen went ballistic on her rep for the show's maker 62 year old actor is one visible anti-war advocate out there and his bosses at the show's production company Warner Brothers didn't really it They don't really like it could be bad for the show's huge ratings. They say that You was private until now Sheen was being interviewed by a dozen foreign reporters March 5 when the topic of war with Iraq was discussed I'm told sheen launched into an ugly tirade calling the push administration everything from dogs to crazy Warner vice president Andrew shift didn't like it. He stood up between sheen and a crowd and said I'll ask everyone to discuss the show not politics Wrong thing to tell sheen is face turned beat red as he stood up in yield We have the right to talk about whatever and how we want who are you to tell us what we can talk about Then the two when added about their respective positions with ship saying I'm just doing my job and sheen cattering with Do yours and I'll do mine among other things Needless to say sheen was a no show if the company's cocktail party afterward as for shipsheet now just a brief moment of understanding and adds Martin's a passionate guy Right, I'd be like that. You go Martin Don't mess with old Martin sheenie man He gets pissed off and fired up now Speaking of Reality shows which the Saudi it's obviously has once no part of 54% say they all suck Yeah, yeah back at you. Okay suck this God Just right off the bag. You know like you said just give that option and make it ill grab it. They'll squeeze it Everything sucks. They have a foot of option on your life sucks Okay, yeah, seriously now. I'm one of the polls in near future life sucks. What's your favorite thing at all sucks? Justin trades Kelly for a guy oh Another one of these unbelievable stories that nobody wants to a deal with your gay Jolted Justin growing he is crying on a shoulder of a high school pal after being dumped by American idol winner Kelly Clarkson But those who know the curly herd kuna are curious about his post relationship with Michael Leach Who grew up with the American idol runner up in Pennsylvania Given the way they often act in public some people are wondering if they're closer than they let on says a friend now That Justin Kelly are over Michael and Justin couldn't be happier You're gay Rather than be defensive about the relationship Michael admits he shares a very special friendship with Justin Just in the night reach out his best friend Michael tells the star even when we're not together We've managed to stay close Michael who once lived with Justin 24 in Miami see how it all comes back. Yeah Visit him there while he made the move to American eye the American idol movie from Justin to Kelly Not only did Justin who's romance with Kelly fizzled during filming fly Michael to Miami twice, but he shared his sweet at the Roni Plaza with him But we didn't sleep in the same bed Michael explains to blow off Steam The two often hung out at the old hunt the studio karaoke bar on the shubber and hotel on south beach They'd come together and leave alone says another source maybe they met Muffin or he's begun that karaoke stuff, you know what? They'd come together And leave alone Shockingly a video tape shot in February and seen by star reporter shows Justin and his close companion singing Elton John duets to one another. You're gay Ready for that? It looked like they were looking into each other's eyes when it was sing says another party I witness it was slightly odd watching them sing love duets Michael doesn't hide his strong feelings for Justin say sources he acts as if Justin is his possession a source tells the star How do you like that? But their closeness is led to blow ups At crowbar and I come in Miami Michael stormed out in a hut because he felt people were mobbing Justin says and I witness Justin found him moping later that night at studio That same night Michael leap to his feet when a truck and mail party go or climbed on stage to sing and dance with Justin and wrapped his arms around him Justin slipped out of his hole but not before Michael get right up there and start glaring at the guy and I wouldn't have said She stared him down. I mean he stared him down Also with a studio the two you go through a computer game a strip poker resources you can choose what type of model you wish to play with says the awareness They were playing with a mail model You'd see a picture developing here Yeah, like we have one of that tag of one that show was first on American Idol all these assholes are right on all this stuff about Justin and what's your name? Telly helly yeah, yeah all this guy said boy he looks like a real fruit cake to man I mean he looks a little you know Believe you me my gate R is as strong as it gets I can stiff on out from a million miles away and in his case even I mean I even see me wonder could tell you you could smell it 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. How's that phone looking Carlos kind of weak in it? Couple of calls on and not too much. I think okay. I'll do the work today. It's my last day before vacation. I should have to do all the work Which TV reality show do you like best is our pull on the arraggios.com? Maybe they just aren't voting on a pull that much because they're busy looking at Troy with more Howard David Peace bouncing up and down on his head They all suck 117 53.6% say our reality show is suck The odds for his 20 server 17 American Idol 13 real world MTV 10 are you hot Scott 7? I think we'll have more a set the fact that you turn them off on that show and almost turn me off I just stumbled on a by accident fear factor 7 Blind date six amazing racing Joe millionaire and an Nicole and an Nicole Smith shows got four Face done why maybe the fat brother, but that's all my god Must be the people like that movie porcupies and all of its Seekals porcupies one through 50. Yes, so let's talk about candy shack what do you say? 12 minutes after 10 at 5 60 W to Q a M. Hey show me the money come out to pop at a harness track tomorrow March 15 and Old not only will be show you the money, but if you're 18 or older you can win a chance to get into the money machine and get 20 seconds to grab as much cash And betting vouchers as you can hold in your hands more than a hundred more than a thousand How many I almost said a hundred thousand while dick in this Steve. They'll come up with the extra and Brian series More than a thousand dollars if you have programs and we'll cost you a cent to enter because Pompano park has free general parking and free admission every day and night But that's not all you can also take any losing bending tickets next Saturday night this Saturday at tomorrow Purchase name it address on a back end of when not only a chance to get in the money machine, but also vacation trips to the Bahamas Including round trip airfare from Fort Lauderdale the grand prize they trip for two to treasure k hotel resort marina and avocado Bahamas you must be present to win tomorrow at Saturday March 15 Sounds a lot like tomorrow to me. There'll also be music fun great harness racing action Pompano park a block south of an anti-vulverland power line road first post time Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday 715 and don't forget sign-up casting every day seven days a week at Pompeo park The best They also I'm pressure and bloating that's gas. Oh no Holy crap exactly sorry guys, they need more than just hard burn relief. They need pay lots of Yeah, may want to match it a month That's hard burn relief was drawn gas really play lots of Says a treat diarrhea 15 17 at five 60 WQ I'm going to have to market some again 76 points on the now and a few points on the Azac I can't see what it is if he ever gets his stupid head out of his way come on Let's go here. Let's put the stupid that seven and a half points on the Azac not too shabby after a big day yesterday. What do you think? Is it on a way back? No, no 5 6 7 0 5 I had a vision last night. I had a lot of vision. What would you call it like I was conjuring up a dream a night dream? And when I went to bed and I put my head on a pillow and of course realizing I was doing this show today and then I had next week vacation Yeah, you know what I'm saying in other words. I was thinking about it Going to sleep the night before your last show before vacation or nearly I don't think about that But I thought about it in the context of what if it was my last show with the end of the contract and they was the last day You see yeah, right and I thought wow Yeah Let me tell you right now if I last that long if we all stay alive that long That's gonna be some show. Yeah, what a show that is gonna be some show Make no mistake about it. I can't wait for that thing. I can't wait for that night before when I put my head on a pillow Knowing that when I wake up in a morning I shave I smith I shower I do all of those SH things and I come on the air Huh, you know what I'm saying yeah, and it's gonna be a real barn burger baby because I'm not gonna hold anything back Not that a whole too much back now, but it's all gonna flow man like opening up most Colossity bag. It's gonna flow and flow and blow you just wait and flow some more. Yeah That me will have flow on the show Here's a comfortable Polake. Hello Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. I got two things. I have a question. Who wants it that the girl that thinks that song about Randy dream boat And I'm a real Albert Gettie Yeah, that's that's a great song. I request that and also a suggestion for a future poll possibly Favorite work protest song Okay I can tell your weapons a master's instruction is mine Yeah, I like that like even Peter Paul the Mary what was the where most Where volia goofballs gun where volia in the folks songs going yeah, okay. Have a great weekend pal Thank you Where have all the protests songs gone? We're not gonna play no protests songs Except the course for weapons a master's instruction Which everybody agrees that that folk of Ryan pieces a master piece did I tell you just number one with three bullets I'm believeably good even people who want to war even the right wingers out there even the Chicken Hawks they probably like to song just for the hell of it because it's such a good job. Nice job chicken neck oyster neck 141 people say all TV reality shows suck I You know, I know I'm looking at that week because I am forgetting what our poll really in one way it's there It's therapy sure it's a it's a therapeutic way for these crazy people to like get another system And we know for the fucking yeah, there you go. Don't have to suck around and pretend you like him just and I'll put it so okay everybody sucks What's wrong with little sucking The Osbourne's 24 and I'll say again. I don't like that show by do like him. He's a hood right if they could just show the pepsi spot over and over again That'd be better than their show probably get bigger number Survivor 21 American Idol 16 real world MTV yet have been some good shows there at 12 Fear factor rate blind date eight are you hot seven amazing racists Do a millionaire five and everybody else small potatoes after that at a 200 and some odd 50 whatever it is See the problem you know what part of the problem is the demographics on the reality shows If I was like still on Zeta who were doing the show like on a real radio station right then you'd see first of all You'd see four 500 votes if they're already that's number one and number two instead of they suck You'd have a lot more enthusiasm right now some of the people me honest Well, that's cause all those young punk there about how muddle heads what did I know well at least they be honest, you know Right not like you want to see a bit flesh right they want to see flesh They want to see you they want to be a little titillator. What's wrong with that? What's wrong with little titillation And that what they want to see said last night to Lorenzo. What's wrong with little anyway But not our crowd man. We're on AM and you know I've told you for years AM's garbage. It's just crap The signal is crackly it AM is like nickers. It's like white buck shoes, you know It went out with the men's two piece bathing suits AM radio is a fossil of course. I have digitalized the AM radio, but I Don't think he ways that we spend in the box for digital radio transmission a time soon And this is which nobody's got any digital receivers anyway That was like a stereo remember that oh, guide and were which we mean meany Root meany we need running around saying oh, yeah, well, we're a am stereo on I OD for about an hour and a half I think it wasn't although he's got any am stereo radios. Oh, oh You'd be amazed at how good the stuff sounds in these great speakers I've got here by the way. You'd be very impressed Like that one knee what's that one thing on the ACN The terrorist warning oh To it's a beautiful morning that that thing if you could hear it with the sounds the bells and the times and one One channel the bill. What's amazing? I'm just rambling again because I'm fantasizing about that last show. Oh, is that gonna be great? Here's Miami. Hello Yeah, he'll be on it Here's Blighton Beach, hello Hello Neil yes, sir. Hey, hey, do I man. Okay, I just want to comment on reality TV Well, you know it's funny when I was a little kid They used to tell me all the time that nothing that you saw on TV was real and now today It seems like everything on TV. They're trying to tell you the real Well, we all know it's not real. I mean we know let's let's all agree on it to begin with accept some people that are more on that are very naive We all know it's not real But that's not the point the point is you can still enjoy it if there's enough interesting stuff to watch This is true. It is great entertainment, but it's far from reality. No no question All right, well, I just want to give my key sense Okay, thank you sir. Thank you very much. I mean whoever said TV had anything to do with reality TV is like how I mean, I said that great speech about work carnival were circus show were like, you know freaks and what are he's right? God that was a great movie. It's too bad more if you haven't seen that work, you know, but it's my cause You know me my bizarre taste. I'm way out there on age on the fringe your human existence 567 oh there's the a guy from Sandy you tough from the police it's over Thank you It's over he said Elizabeth's home. It's over Oh, that was you know something I think that was right in league with and trash that was right in there man Let's go another one of my magic moments 567 oh 560 550 if you let's talk about something exciting your day. I want to sit here we'd all these tabloids First I do have what about Katherine Hepburn by the way Which we've been very Katherine Hepburn intensive lately and guess who was on biography channel last night? Katherine Hepburn good guess Excellent guess Remember we discovered that she's still alive. Yeah, she didn't do nearly as well on our death pulls I thought she would and now if they would have known yes, how old she is But if you if you could see this picture you would you would swear that she's not still alive Any which is still feisty Katherine Hepburn turning 96 and she's hell bet to making it to a hundred And they're gonna move to sunrise lakes Man if you could see this but you know what we get to 96 Most of us hope we only looked at good if we good to 96 All be honest with him. My looks are lahila but not not that miles 96, but she's getting there Looks like it or not although she's you know still the same five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT and T In Verizon line here's a lady in Miami hello Yes, man. Hey Neil I wanted to ask you who is that that you guys use on that bit this is about 30 Who is that yeah, what is that where's that come from that like a full-on? That hold dirty bastard from that region's bit. Oh, okay can I ask you a question and have you play it again? I'll beg your pardon. I want to ask your question and then you play that bit. Oh, okay? Okay, um, you know that surgeon who did the Sir the surgery on feedler's thumb how many surgeries did he need to use on Most hairpiece but there's a man. There you go. Good set up. Thank you. I'll miss you next week. Thanks. Bye Are they picking on most hairpiece again? You're good Hey, bosol they already know they're already listening to billboards. Why do you talk because they want to see them asshole? See I'm not gonna call him bosol because that's that's like a clown, you know, bosol Moso that's I like that very good. Hey, Moso We're telling them where they are because they'd like to take a look at him you asshole You in the sill you moron you crusty old fart you asshole and you're eating hate you by the way like poison She wishes you would die a wicked nasty death you asshole. He liked that mo boy Moso I love that. In fact, there's another great pit for you Moso the clown Which you like it? I can hear it already. Hey Brian. I'll call him after the shot 26 after 10 at 5 60 W don't me. Oh, forget I got to that spot after the show because What's his name right? Oh, yeah keep flipping his a piece You know something I cuz I'm on my There we go. I'm on the other page. Let's go back to that Neil and take a look at that thing that'll keep me in an extra good mood all day Seriously if you want to laugh right out loud If you want to pee your pants Just take a look under the pool where it says features and there's try strafford formerly number 23 with your Miami dolphins above the cartoon thing which is there still air. Yeah leave the cartoon too. That's good And the mo piece is just popping up and down on his ball on his skin heads a lovely thing Hey, it's Mark's madness time of the year again if you're looking to lay down some bet if you want to plunge your guts out You better know who you're dealing with and as we've been telling you for long time now VIP sportsbook.com be the best You can have complete trust in VIP sportsbook.com a legal and licensed sportsbook I'm one of the original online books and still the best you like high-parlay odds how to parlay odds up to 2001 sound How about free same day payouts? How about a 15% cash bonus end of your first deposit sound good? You bet most of all for the past seven years VIP sportsbook.com has your interpretation is these sportsbook with a best customer service Sportsbook reviewed.com rated the number one customer service two years in a row It might be your turn to go on a roll of a lifetime and if it is you better make sure you're dealing with the right sportsbook So sign up online at VIP sportsbook.com and get yourself a 15% cash bonus end of your first deposit nothing I starting out a winner not online column toll free at 1 866 VIP bets That's one 866 VIP bets, but don't forget the 15% sign up on us is only available online So get your ass online and get you that 15% cash bonus today and VIP sportsbook.com or you be the VIP You a Pan do I like that Yeah Tellhhhh You're skiing, ready, dream on, ready You'll never have me Sorry, steamboat, ready Little bitch with dreams Goin' down my sink in highway Is that sad? Loly clouds Everyone knows the only one who's he goes in the clouds Now bloodshot and wasted Talking trash with us miles You had some stress And they've been out in a while Back home They've been out in a while I think that mole is old enough to collect anti-social security The 1033 of five, so we are in old station Let's face it as a bunch of old fat guys Mostly Jews sitting around like they're probing on a fox thing And we're proud of it, you know? It's got to be pushing 6465 And I just turned 60 and Hank is a little bit older than I am a few months And mad dogs let me tell you this People think because he sounds young, that's great course I sound young too But stop and think about it When mad dog was on the dolphins and then when I was back to back championships those super bulls How many years ago do you think that was? About 30 man Exactly 72 and 73 I got those old pictures from that I brought with us from my old The old promotional pictures Yeah Making managing bow camp or all these people What a thick lustrous head of hair man to Chad Did he really? Yeah Did he want to run your fingers through it? No not me Oh, me either Anyway, he's a great guy, we love the mad dog and everybody else Those two he won that poor yesterday And spread it out to the sperm people And desperately try to screw it up there at the end And I have no idea why You know when you got that much success When you have that much money, when you have that much fame Why is it that this insecurity always goes through his audience? What is that all about? How it's sperm audience? I don't know the emotional cripples Could be? I don't know what that's all about Joe Rose for the mad dog today It won because mad dogs on his way to a weekend Hank is a three from Gulfstream Pludgeon is brains out over there 650 we got you have against Rutgers baseball After the U.M. baseball game at E.K. and in 2 to 7 in a morning at CSP And radio because you know it's cheap Here's our chronic our most chronic of all factors You know I'm thinking about this fact You know that you just sent me? Yeah, who faxes every day at least once? Mm-hmm Didn't we have a period where he set us a couple of hostile You know they all get cranky, that's the thing They get cranky Not that many months ago he sent us something Got all bed out of shape and you know what's spewing But anyways, there's just other QM staff on a picture page of your website observations Josh Darrell has to be gay Greg Reed has to be gay, no And Lewan is a hottie, absolutely positively not Wow Get this man some magnivisual reading glasses Okay, maybe Mikey lets him behind Lewan is a hottie, wow, even Bro, wouldn't say that She's about as hot as a goddamn ice cube Oh maybe he was drunk when he was looking at the website That could be maybe he was looking at the website Now maybe he was looking at a trust rat for when I lovely piece on I could be might be it 5670586 560 The LV-18 It's a beautiful thing, make no mistake In fact maybe the caption on it should say Trust rat for it says give piece a chance Here's Miami, hello I'm going to help Yes sir Good morning And back to you Well first and foremost I want to congratulate George for winning the poll You as a gay poll Remember? Yeah 560 560 Pound 560 On the AT&T Same old tired trolls man At last show starts on a really appealing to me You know what? Maybe we can like fast forward Get a hold of James Dirt and a pad boon Give me that time tunnel And Malcolm McDowell Fast forward like 3.5 years And then we'll actually invite all of these Lifeless goofballs to call it for one last time You know we'll have Eddie on Eddie All of them God would be eyes to God would a fanny pack What are those people going to do by the way? Oh there he said by the way By the way What are those people going to do? Well I'm saving up for like lots of lots of gasoline We're going to have one giant mass emulation for them all That's good My word for Might as well Here's my name Hello when is this? Miami? Who are you? Yes sir Yeah These reality TV program Yeah How does that fit? It's locked myself Yeah A good comedy Good drama Any time to be better Hell I want to ask you I want to reality TV show Yeah Rassel Okay We'll be watching the WWFF Yeah there you go That's about as far from reality as you can get Well listen I would agree with these people I'd most of the do suck it up until last night I wouldn't pray No I wouldn't have voted that Because they don't all suck real world And road rules had some wonderful moments For flesh, your eaters and flesh lovers But generally speaking that is he's correct Most of them really suck Not like our scripted shows I mean they appear Fair factor in these people eating I mean they're not like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're They want to be on TV they'll do anything to get on our hands and knees to make farting sounds anything to be on TV people are that desperate for their five seconds of fame Hey look at me. It's like the callers. It's the same thing with those crannies. Hey here I am on my live somebody recognize my existence that kind of crap But then what's the gear rid of all those goofballs who look like crap who look like somebody dropped a pile on the stage and they get out of the nitty gritty The rest of the show all those people are in their bathing suits and I will grant you that there are a few and you say I don't think so, you know But there are many many on it so at least last night. I may be last night was an aberration But I don't think so because I went to that website and look back to the other ones from the show that I missed because that's the first time I seen it And believe me when I tell you of both sexes there were plenty of people of great Pulquitude Pretty goddamn hot if you ask me and George would agree. Yeah, all of us of course he don't know He's busy with that latter in the flash light Okay, not the lights on most billboard. I mean that was it was something seriously. It's even more listening to again calculating plotting under mining and backstabbing right the by the way is programmed today's sponsored by The cinema at night company. Kinsu nice mom. Kinsu. Yeah, Moso I use girl he actually you know the way we this whole billboard campaign for WQM and his broadcasters Uh-huh. I brought you by Duff Lindsey right Duff Lindsey supplied Neil with the list of the his locations for his billboards and by the way Neal's picture is the only one I can and it's fine because it's radio Neal's the only one has his picture on the billboard if you look like him why would you want your face on the billboard? So he gave him all the locations of billboards and then now here Neil broadcasts the location of all the billboards Under the idea that he's going to improve his listeners No, under the idea that are listeners by want to see where they are because they like to show anyone like take a peek People are already listening, Bozo. Moso Why the hell you care about telling people where your billboards are if they're already listening You're trying to get new listeners So he's he has resorted out on all time low. You asshole Yeah, the billboard that we have for this program on the turn-tike what programs that A Joe past this morning they told me where I was and I look for it and I could see it was dark and I realized I look at two ladders that were the ladders up against the billboards. You as it's picked it I actually saw George Rodriguez knife in hand Taking out all the bulbs of the billboards to this way to be dark. Oh, that was the other guy's name Chuck Upchuck up chuck who's part of the staff names Peter was on the other ladder taking out the lights They took the lights out so this way nobody would see it in the dark. You asshole. That's long. I mean you got to admit Hey, Chuck has sleep. You know had to out the lights Sleeping on the bank of billboard nice got Robert Robert Robert to build his ass out Robert actually two almost amusing lines here in order same morning He must be getting ready for the big war if you could just get a 41 I'm gonna put in huh? 10 for you one in five sixty Moso radio Are you best All right, let's play who wants to be a millionaire Fuck daddy sitting in the chair. I'll call you puppy yo yo, man yo yo. Are you ready? Yeah, here's your $100 question finish this nursery rhyme. All right. Pickery Dekary blank is it a doc B. P. C. Marina or D. Inlet Whoa man, it's $100 question right here. You're kidding me, right? This is $100 for $100. This ain't the million dollar question. This is the first one Only $400. It's just a black thing. Would you like to use a life one? Yeah, all right. What do I got? What do I got? Well, we have the ass the audience the 50 50 and the phone a friend S. Y. And it's not too many white people in here That 50 50 and gonna help me. Oh, you don't want me to phone a friend. Gonna phone a friend on the $100 question finishing the nursery rhyme. Yeah All right, who we got a call puppy? Oh my boy old dirty bastard old dirty bastard. Yeah dirty. We calm Friends from AT and tail get old dirty on the line and hopefully he can help you Yo, oh, dirty Yeah, man. We just feelven from who wants to be a million in how are you? I got your friend here puff daddy go dirty. What's up? All right, all right What's up? He oh, dirty puff daddy's in a little bit of trouble here on the $100 question First question and the next voice you hear will be his he'll come on the line. He'll ask you the question They'll give you four possible choices are you set? I'm Next voice you hear will be his and 30 seconds begins now Yo, dirty fish is off for me, all right, I'm a hickory dickery blank is it a Doc B Pia C marino or D Come on man. I don't got much time I know this man. I know I see here P you sure But third man this is a lot of money man. I'm 30. All right man. Thank you very much. I Times up for old dirty said peer You still have two lifelines left we are on the $100 question You know what we just want to pull the audience? No, I like to add a lifetime Actually, no, there's only three lifelines you've used one you have to let no no I get another lifeline. It's a brand new one to the game and what is that? Puffy it's called shoot the host Puffy you can ask the audience. I call it shoot the whole puppy use the 50 fifth thing. What's the answer? It's stuck it's a it's My final answer stop it's stuck and it's a good one you got all of it all 1049 we got that facts pouring off the machine one moment please Yeah, the worth it. Oh, I thought it was gonna be something really I said more oh yeah, you know something like the facts is it becoming as chronic as the cars becoming? Booker brand really has mow downpets is I just heard that bit about the billboards and knives Haha, that's cute one thing of many did drives me quick Although we asked to say program well that old real old fashioned you old parts like him Even older than me. I guess a program is more important than a show so look for the upcoming name change the Howard David program. Okay See Howard David Moso show 10 before 11 at 5 60 WC I'm thinking of playing like stuff the rest of the day because they don't seem to have very much material They know that but it's Friday Friday generally lately have been pretty well it probably it's the spring break thing and we can think yeah Yeah, the war thing the war thing we're getting ready for it. They're in the home Depot now getting all their goddamn duct tape They're showing all these assholes out there protesting against the war protesters. That's a new thing Yeah, all the right wing talk show host, which is almost every one of them There are whipping up all their people going out there with their American flags and they're whipping everybody up. Let's kill Martin sheen and Barbara Streisand You know that kind of crap. They're getting pissed off and far enough. Let's do something patriotic like kill a bunch of people. That's right Here's North Miami Beach. Hello Good morning Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? God realize you weren't taking suggestions for the poll, but I want to go pin you think cops is reality or no? I never watched it technically You know, they just follow cops around with the camera. Is it a good show? It's I can be it has been Has the potential to be I mean if you like blood and gore and car crashes and drug horn beat up You mean we're gonna should be our president. Okay. Well think about it. We'll give it some consideration. Sir. Thank you. You think cops should be on there. Yeah You do For what if you're gonna get Eric all bent out of shape. We got everything on it all ready Yeah, I wouldn't want to do that don't do that we got 357 votes. That's not bad Not stellar fact. We had a whole bunch of them that don't have any votes yet like I'm a celebrity Sir, we a live bachelor read shipmates fraternity life Nashville star. Oh, there's a zin and up me a road road rules Doesn't have any and of course you know why why that's not our crowd. I don't watch road We cried no, they don't watch MTV although real world's got 14 True, I must have been a mistake What what we are we are TV reality show you like the best we asked they all suck a hundred eighty eight fifty two points Six percent and you know something I'm being hard on those people but up until last time I seen it Are you hot I would have voted that too? No, I already I reset that I would have voted for real world So like I said I wouldn't say they all suck Osborne 36 your vibrant 28 American Idol 22 real world 14 fear factor 10 are you hot and blinded each with nine each with only nine Not our crowd man Our crowd is only in moldy maybe old and moldy we got the Jericho said we got the pollinant crowd now That's what Clarences those demographics are getting older and older and older That's how a few more old hosts that of our clearance you're doing it 5670560s my last attempt to get these lines smoking on here otherwise we're gonna like For you only be two hours anyway right because we got same patties day coming up and play like mostly Bits the rest of the way you know what I hate to do cuz people say oh that's a cop out He's what I vacation on Monday God damn it But you're just you're just laying down again. Here's a call from Jupiter. Hello Like about raping mo are I never have to worry about getting aids because oh God oh That voice that voice 5670560 pound five 60 on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line just Nothing about what a public service we do on this program letting you know that these people are out there You didn't hear that one. It was not not a big deal just just a mindless Faceless voice Dollsville Here's plantation hello Tell them me I'm sorry Here we are big a pardon is this My day here. Yes, sir Undressed it's not a reality show what is so pop up right oh I try pali bye bye bye bye bye bye But I'll get hostile with him. He thought it was a reality show Now you're getting just as hostile as they are you're gonna love George next week. He's gonna be real hostile anti social hostile He's gonna apply for his anti social security. I'm gonna be some of the night for next week. Yeah, get out the big ship for next week That's gonna be really good a sore. Oh, I can I can hear it now Okay feels in for the pipe smoke of this morning. Good nine-clive You know when you used to tell me that I guess I wasn't an Amsterdam when he's there doing that last summer with that pipe smoker business And I see I sometimes it's hard to separate his voice the reality like that facet from the book of Brian bits But the fact that he actually was saying that for a case feels in for the pipe smoke of this morning Good nine-clive I mean this man is so terminally homophobic that that's all he knows like a lot of the people in the audience That's his only comeback, you know, and this is come back and using these archaic terms for it to like pipe smoke or who now I never even heard of that until you start talking about this the pipe smoker And the 1900 I think that's the term they used in fact, maybe that should be the name of my show the pipe smoker program The three peas I smoke a pipe 5 5 6 70 5 60 pi man you are an old funny daddy mo and all of funny daddy trust me no what are we lives in Boko? Here's the call from Davy hello Yes, sir. I'm alright black man young black man and Davy I want to write a lesson I'm talking about two things okay one real world put me down for that vote if you can okay Two of these freedom fried things. I know you were talking about him yesterday I work at a place out in Daniel I'm not gonna specify the name we're gonna have a period But yeah, my goodness, they they I've mentioned who them as a joke, you know, hey, let's change the French to freedom and they just go right along with that I don't want to say Bama redneck. I don't want to say In fact, you know, you know, you're unbelievable Always keep up the good job and George keep talking bro Thanks a lot, okay See that's another thing about Lorenzo Lama's that he since you were ripping me does on that show You're right trying to be a little bit too cool, you know, yeah, okay, bro. Hi, Scott bro. Look at that bro I mean I don't understand by no right I was wrestling with that big snake exactly I No must know fuss. I don't even know what his name is the design let me say it again It's not important who the judges are I know, but you got a CM and here on them No, of course, that's a part of the show, but who they are is not important and you seem to be so trans fixed on it I think George has a thing for Lorenzo Lama. There you go. Yeah, I think I think we're great No, no, because he is one of your people by the way. I thought he was a wop Lorenzo Lama's no Whatever, oh, he's for an endo Lama's a son, man. You better go with it He's 6560 Don't you care where I am? We're radio ishank you a.m Live and local hey if you're still worried about bite a bit over the phone because you just think it's a big Purchase needle. I want to do that have no fear over a million smart people have done that including me and Hundreds more are doing it every week from dial-a-majfs a Macros like I keep telling you has such a big impact on the way you feel every day if you get a good night's sleep You wake up feeling refreshed and like really alive even if you're not call 1-800-majfs MATT-RES right now and you'll have a sensational might-slave guarantee from dial-a-majfs I'm one of the finest matrices ever made because they carry only the best in the world all the top brands are waiting for you dial-a-majfs Seely, service Simmons King Coral every size and style they ranked number one in customer satisfaction in the universe Bata-majfs has got more repeat and referral customers than anybody else because they don't have to treat your right Including that amazing delivery guarantee they give you two with an aid to our winner that's convenient for you when you're gonna be there Once you buy a mattress and dial-a-majfs I guarantee you'll never go back to the old fashioned way of Slepping to a showroom again and don't forget when you do buy your mattress and dial-a-majfs They take away the crappy old smelly bedding and set up your brand new beautiful one for free That's correct dial-a-majfs takes away the crappy old soil nasty bedding and sets up your beautiful brand new one for free So make the call right now to dial-a-majfs and drag great night sleep call 1-800-MATT-RES for our good pizons at dial-a-majfs You're gonna be a Why do you best And so we got yet another installment that is spectacular. How are the David in his show Got the J. Feetler coming up is a very special guest today and We got another very special guest coming up tomorrow. That will be a J. Feetler What are you doing now now? What are you doing? Mow I'm clippin' my nose here. What's it to you? You just can't do a morning show and cut your nose here Think what are you gonna do about it, huh? It's my show. Oh, I'm doing what I want Just like I was telling that shaman tank they called our ring Ready, I mean not nice. You see the size of that problem? Talk about jumble, somebody ought to paint yes and no one are in it I'll let you know about promotions anyway, huh? The only thing she's good for is keeping the farmers happy. Why help that she can eat it and tie your hand? Oh, she's backing it now. Yeah, I can smell the brinsnatchin of the belly You have to go over the air and save those nasty things about me Oh, dear you come into my place of business. Don't you know we'll hide like I'll go with it I've had a love you pop a soul dead right here peace wearing fossilized metal muzzle film mother I'll see here fuzz hole you're fucking Fastmen come here me Oh, I'm gonna throw a signal Don't let on his face you're gonna crush him Between my buns Oh Yeah 1.53560 WQM happy Friday too sounds like most having a great time speaking of that website that we were looking at before the show today Yes, that the prime time slash are you hot If you got it go to what again. Oh, geez. Well, no, I hate to do this because your damn computer is so slow there I'll host my internet ass. I'll be there in an hour. No, no seriously Click that thing on again I'm going you got it. No, I click on mine How is that possible? You remember he must have really suffered during that stroke Don't tell me we've got a faulty bunch of crap down here, huh? Come on, let's get with it Let's see you've been throwing you out there. I know we've not taught we don't need your facts anymore Just you're just out of control. What is with these people go away? I just wanted him to hear it from you That's why you know something wait. Let me ask you this question. Yeah, if you like a program See not show if you like a program What's wrong with this concept? Listen to it enjoy it. Save a bit squeeze it. Yeah, and get well, what's wrong with that? No, no, why do you have to keep facts in me? I don't want to see your scrolling crap the way when Paul you make me nauseous, okay? I can't stand you so that's why Have you got this? Yeah, I got it on there. Okay. You see where says the hot gallery? Right put that on okay When I'm first guy Kevin from Illinois. It's got the bad teeth You said he had bad teeth. Yes, okay, there's Carrie. She's okay. She's a little scary. She's all right. I give her about nine Would you? Okay, I don't have that up yet What are you talking about? I clicked it. It's low you should be able to flip through these like flat jacks Man like Dr. Gupta's pedaling and flat jacks and waffles on certainly not news network Then you got these I didn't come up no, Lisa. What are you talking about? I'm proud of it. I'm proud of it. Like it's nobody you'd be looking on next I can't get the hot gallery out And anyway after Travis I'm sure some people in the audience are following along There's Kevin from Western Florida who's 18 he's a club promoter and he's a You know the point I was trying to make beside a fact that he's not only I give him about a 42 on a skeleton If he isn't an identical twin to Tony that with a greater what a great body Little gay banter here now. I mean he looks like Tony down He'd rather are you any doubt look I just I remember it from this morning I'm getting this I'm running low on virtual memory I can't do anything nice. How about you Carlos can you get on this what's the website? I'd be forget about it just forget it This is Kevin from Western Florida a local boy. He was a zone two Finalist and semi final but whatever that means out of what that means. He's a club promoter and He looks like Tony down is twin brother with a great body. It's all I can tell you Just mention that in passing Stars noisy sex needle neighbors Sexie Jennifer Esposito's as speedos mating call has her big apples neighbors howling Seems that the spin city bombshell is making so much noise in bed that the board and her east village co-op is threatening legal action If she doesn't put a sock in it And I'm at least she's put in something else in it We've asked you several times to insulate her apartments So we don't have to hear all that's going on one neighbor complaints when she has visitors. It's clearly you heard How do you like that? Talk it about being a wild And 53 Summer of Sam star when I'm really into somebody I give so much Esposito's been romantic with make all my children a hunk Cameron Mathisan Angelina joeese ex Husband Johnny Lee Miller model restaurant tour Chris shop and most recently jails ex Chris judge Um Rimes with crud for spokesperson and sister S. DeZito's been two busy in California to bother the neighbors for the past year But board members are demanding that she crump in at least 80% of her apartment to cut down on the sound effects Which not only include her bedroom our arrias, but also her screaming at her dog Frankie Bean and blasting Defending tech techno music says the neighbor. We know more about her life than we care to Ha But she gives her all she said Rectom I do like that Unfit off Huh this thing won't open it won't go anywhere. I'm not the reset the computer. There's some good looking people on that thing Yeah, that's what I'm trying to tell you was a great show last that obviously I'm the only one at the side I thought and George ready only two people at saw what's your name? Why not the hot guy name? Jennifer Jessica No, that's a Rachel host Rachel Rachel Rachel was a sweetheart. She was beautiful I'm telling you that we're like I have for doesn't people on that show last night that there is almost nobody in the audience That wouldn't have said oh and you know another thing I do like about that show That now you're telling me that the one guy which we don't know who he is the one judge. He's gay I don't know what he is. Yeah, we don't know and then you got Lorenzo Lama so obviously we're ladies and then he's not gay Right you may be may not like him and then of course what's your name in the middle Rachel Rachel some hunter Is that it? You'd like to yes, I would but in any way at the point I'm trying to make is it doesn't make any difference Whether it's the guys or the chicks, but they all these far one saying in other words They're not looking at it from this oh gee if I say something good about the guy I'm gonna throw it back. You know that whole uptight thing like most of our smart audience is uptight No, no, they just you know they look in other ways and I think that's a real step in a right direction for television Another way I can look at a human being and say hey, there's somebody looks really good That doesn't mean I want to hop on our bones necessarily or maybe I do who knows But that's the whole difference subject and I think that's a breath of some kind of air. You know what I mean? Yeah Here's West Palm Beach, hello Hey, no, yes, sir Remember last week when Bush had his press conference and there was some speculation about whether he was Medicaided you know more in doubt even mentioned Yeah, in her column well when he was on about an hour ago He was talking like in a total monotone. Yeah, I put a few seconds of an eye almost fell asleep. I had to get it off Well, well, he just had this blank look in a total monotone. I'm wondering at least he's consistent Yeah, well, that's true, but and you know see a colon there to prop him up right Well, what's in his father taken some kind of Moot drug I think he started doing that after he puked in Japan. I think after he puked all over the Japanese Prime Minister. I think he started taking some crap God is the you know guiding everything W does that's right. He's guiding his hand Have you noticed how any sticking it right up our vacuum? Have you noticed how Fundamentalism and right wing politics go hand in hand I mean like you you really never see a left winger that's Fundamentalist Christian no you never see left wingers pushing religion least I don't right trying to You know with it well what it amounts to right wingers are intolerant they want to tell everybody else what to think what how to do and and everybody must think like them Everybody must how to and go step like them and that's what that's become all about we have we have the democrat party Which is the impotent party totally impotent and we have the republican party which is now the right wing Fashes party taking over by much of religious Zellots and and there's nothing left in between for the masses which is most everybody There's nothing in between But you know you've you've talked about how you know all the stuff that was written down in the Bible Who knows what went on then but look look at the Mormon church we know everything about the origins of that church We know though most of the documents are fake We know Joseph's don't be knocking Joseph Smith now. He's a palmaraboy he was a con man Good up sitting here calm up Yeah, he was a convicted con man And yet you still have people in the making baker Yeah, exactly. I have a good every day. Okay, okay good call, but I mean just now starting with the stew's off a little bit What 5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon see with me I mean when you're preaching the choir I don't want to keep repeating this every hashing that same stuff over and over again What's the point you know where I stand you know where we sit and that's it Right right I'm what's the point of continuing the hash I gave you all the books and fact We ought to put those two books both on our website Carlos can you handle that or should we wait till next week? Well, I can have a silly Eric about it Well, that's what I'm talking about it now don't start you know, don't start again Gorvidaal perpetual war for perpetual peace how we got to be so hated and The hunting of the president the 10-year campaign to destroy a bill and Hillary Clinton by Joe Conneson and Jean Lyons You got it Oh, that was delicious What was it that was like a peppermint flavored grabs and I have me I can no need peppermint. I know what that was To finish you may be swallowed there's Tony Blair Can now result in the emergence of an independent democratic and viable Palestinian state Living side by side In peace and security in this amazing that just an hour ago The president and Roland Colon Ron and together talk in the very same topic about how we got to get this Middle East peace process Go and again. We got to have a Palestinian state and here's Tony Blair It's like he's got a puppet in his pocket Think they call each other up very much first you're while you're welcome Tony you're out Tony you're done you didn't mean sweet aren't Problem and it's after 11 at 560 WQM it's getting to be 100 in the shade in Southland's gonna be a long hot summer and very few You folks are gonna want to start stand over hot still cook and dinner Maybe you ought to start thinking about grilling like right now For all your barbecue needs here's a great place to shop barbecue's galore barbecue's galore has got the guarantee lowest prices in the in town and all this weekend Even better and lower than usual because barbecue's galores holding their big annual spring sale today tomorrow on Sunday Take advantage of humongous savings like 15% off most barbecue's accessories of barbecue's galore save over $275 on a 50 to win grand turbo stainless steel cart with rear rotisserie stainless grills inside burner the prices Absolutely Unmalatable unbeatable or how about saving on a web or grilled just great for tailgating They got a barbecue for every price range. They have smokers patio heaters Accessories cookbook sauces and all of these things around sale as well You get big selection awesome sale prices and an knowledgeable friendly staff will fit you with a bright wheel for what you need Top brands great service and the annual spring sale going on today through Sunday only at Barbecue's galore your barbecue specialist say 15% all weekend long at barbecue's galore You'll find it in plantations and across springs for exact directions and the location column tool free 1 800 grill up That's 1 800 grill up for our friends at barbecue's galore Local Oh my god coming this ball to CBS it's survivor three Texas style Ten contestants will start in Dallas travel through Waco Austin, San Antonio and over to Houston Then we'll travel that a creper's Christie of Brownsville each contest that will be driving a pink bow bowl with a bumper sticker to freeze I'm gay. I voted for Al Gore and I'm here to count to skater guns The first one to make a back-of-dallas wins survivor three this fall on CBS It's 11 17 at 5 60 W. I'm Sonne Shannon gonna be 38 today gonna be 45 tomorrow and 50 50 on Sunday ready for that. I'm ready 56 on Monday. Oh, you know what it is right now? Exactly 5 670 5 60 See we never realize it was gonna come in so handy I didn't know idea. I love it Which TV reality show do you like best 53.6% of this audience say they all suck 230 people say they suck they blow They bite we can't stand it We can't handle it 429 votes and 230 of us say they all suck 42 say the Osborne 35 say survivor 20 CM mercenital MTV real world 16 fear factor and are you hot tied with 12? But at least are you hot smoking up a little bit you know on a Richter scale Maybe they checked out their website Maybe they'll watch it next Thursday night What time is it on nine to ten? Yeah, I think blind dates got 11 amazing racers nine Joe Millionaires got eight and an Nicole Smith shows got five for people like I'm big and forke who wants to marry a millionaire and temptation island and big brother each have four Superbady live three a pair for the mole meet my folks to bachelor and arrest heavy their one or the big a lot of them still have none Just the mezes me what is it that our audience watches huh? What do they watch? He said the WWF they watch You know something I think you just hit it for years We've been looking for the big hit show that's a that can't miss right years specifically to the south photo audience a show called Bad we don't hire you smell it We're as soon as we figure out how you spell it we just have we just have a bunch of angry looking people sitting around going Yeah, what are you hate what are you? It's a hit it's a hit it's a hit I think it's perfect Here's a call from am I any beach hello Yes, sir, I Just received my email a few I'm using quote I thought I'd Like to share with you about the friend about what about the friend of thank you Carlos if you put it and realize rocket like a Zidin calls today, but if you put any more 400 year-old people You're not gonna live to be like 30 you know what I'm saying Don't be doing it Jack Hey, Hans speaking a jackass. Would you call that a reality show no? What would you call it those are all He tried members of a staff and then they'd all set up and you know they do stuff. I see oh the reality shows when the kids emulating Trying to do it and they get killed and they're like which is actually funny by the way 567.0560 pound five 60 I have a list of I'm telling him man. We're starting to get the Randy rose crowd Yeah, see that the host of we had yesterday that's right. That's scary to me When we got 6.9% of this audience who listens to the goddess They're her landing and raving about how she's gonna say the world from the clutches of right wing fascism I got news for a man. We got tourists here on this station and I got news for you two mozo We need those 7500 billboards and what we're gonna do all next week is your disaster We're gonna read the addresses over and over again right and also continue going back and poking the lights out on yours So nobody can see that night. Well, we got you know phones. I got a self-initiate We're not worried about people seeing that at night when it's dark out because his is audience has passed their bedtime Anyway when it gets dark now Follow what I'm saying come on 560 pound five 60 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon line Let's see if we get somebody a little younger on this next call North Miami. Hello Hello, yes, sir. Neil. Are you on to the age of 141? Good. All right perfect Yeah, I saw that hot that hotter not showing out that actually there was some good look of people in that show that that's my point There were some beautiful people on that show Even the guys and I'm a breeder. Yeah We should I I call you about five years ago and I was driving on 95 and in an Attestment to your divine powers you were talking about the Bobby material stadium remember that and I look over on the 95 and nearities on fire Right, I remember that Listen Neil I won't keep them mess with me. That's right. I thought if I was you I keep my eye on most billboard You know, I don't know who my wish Good Listen Neil. I want to make it make it comment about the visitors that we get and I remember about a year and a half Remember that call about two months ago where the fox the fox lady called in about condolita Yeah, and I barely caught that and you know everyone everyone always accuses your show of being racist and yet yet Yeah, and I No, no, no wait wait. No, not everyone Fox news Heather and John Gibson and Moh Howard David and Couple of other people nobody else has ever accused this had been a racist show including the listening audience nobody's ever said that No, I remember back in the days when you were on WID and you know, I remember that you're making guy calling you up in Rune out saying how you know You guys look you'll pick on the the football players the black guys, but it's Patrick kicking the snata I was just praying the wife was okay You were doing the same guy That one guy I agree, but then you just thought was well taken you know, but I just want to make it coming about You know the moral day weekend and the visitors we had now and all these extra she had that are coming into the winter musical festival You know everything out and to be honest with you about a year and a half ago when the whole thing exploded Memorial that we can and I live on top of each and I'll be honest with you These people didn't create the the the chaos that you For trade on your radio show and I know that there's people calling it from David They're gonna tell me she alive on get those monkeys out of here in the tonight and I just I didn't see it I see a lot worse things at the white party this week of spring break It's it's you around here Neil. It's not just the moral thing. Yeah. Let's my two cents. Okay All right, thank you. Have a great what did he say he said I'm a racist five six seven 560 pound five 60 see This is the last desperate gas you see everything else that they tried to Catholic church the fact thing Everything else it didn't work so now he's a racist see paid that kind of reason and that the rest of the students that didn't work either Then work This grid you ought to read someone was right wing websites man. You just you either laugh or cry some of the crap that they write These are the most paranoid delusional people on the face of the globe the only problem is that a bunch of them are running the country now. That's the sad part Okay, and boy talk about a bunch of red niki gun-totin flag waving right wing and and these people are civil rights workers Who have they kid huh? These are the same people like to shove rows of parks back to the back of the bus and by the way the guy that called him with that rows of parks The other day and I pull about who's gonna croak next he won't fool anybody Well my work is complete my work is done. What was the name of that song? Yeah, my work. It's sad It's just pathetic you don't know whether the rapper cry with these people Because nobody is permitted to go on here and express themselves and especially now that we got Michael Powell the son of a colon Roland as Be chairman of the FCC. Well, we're gonna cut off your water man because you're just not who step in line Well screw you Michael Powell. Okay, and your whole FCC screw your ass You piece of crap once more deregulation once the chief channel and one or two other companies own every goddamn radio station Every TV station every freaking newspaper In fact why don't we just let Rupert Murdoch on them all how's that sound sure? And you talk about a freaking hypocrite man it. Hello. I mean talk about a genius. Yeah, we talked about this a few days ago And one hand he's got the Fox Entertainment network that brings in all of this money the young demographic And brings in a ton of money with everything cutting edge pushing the envelope as far as he possibly can at that Now the other hand raking in all those big bucks from the advertising on a Fox Entertainment swing run on his fascist news network all spin all day all right Wing lies all day all crap all day Unbalanced and insane Pretty clever And pretty dangerous 26 after 11 at 560 WQ and 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Haven't even gotten to our story about Sydney fears dad's explosions amongst the move OJ daughter trapped in a house of pain Oh We will get to it. Maybe and maybe now, you know Maybe not this thing's flying along today here. It is almost 11 30 already George Tom Layman a Joe Pareto, Halipani, G.M. C.R. Proud their please this punch to announce the Neil deal March Madden The sale and it's going on right this moment as we speak the yield the number one Pick out any new GMC or Pontiac in stock for example like the 33 mile a gallon vibe prices lowest 13,998 bucks and get yourself 0% financing from the 60 months That is absolutely correct both 0% for up to 60 months the yield the number two to Zanyneew vehicle and stock can get you up to a $3000 rebate get you a $3000 rebate on any new vehicle at stock at Halip right now Halip's also got great Neil deals on use car trucks. NSUVs and if you worried about your credit if things are a little bit tough on your payments If your credit record isn't perfect, maybe it's pretty disastrous. It makes no difference because how it's famous Forget you would deal somehow. It's another set of great Neil deals going on right now at Halip Pontiac And they're still in the same great location They've been going strong for over 35 years because they know how to do it right 1.30 401 South, Dixie, Highway that's US one across from the falls open every day of your life Seven days a week for more information called the Neil deal hotline. It's a toll free call 1.5344211. That's one. Triple 8 5344211 and don't forget all Neil deals are submitted to credit approval See these are for the tales. Halip Pontiac GMC who proudly say we are professional grade Why do you Great, they finally have you shot across the USA What do you go or what is this I hear this cry and valley who there's a bunch of squares again this year who say that I wish to God loves the aish and less of course your game if you are you want to be marching upon same-packies day You can be a bum a bucket of scum and that's okay, but you can't be a you should you gay Well, you ought to have high-parnians both him and incess gray. I've delivered this pronouncements upon Blessed day short a little bit half- haven't found But you're gone straight to hell for home a sexuality Except for that's the nevercons you've never been short of that The thing can drunk in Ireland chunks will laugh at all away But you can't be a you should you know I Happy same-patties day, which main Lot of green beer lot of green bagels remember they used to bring in a green bagels that I would eat I won't join. Yes, indeed Maybe we'll be getting those on Monday. I think no 1132 it keep breathing an air net studio. You'll be green enough. I guarantee you that Which TV we only showed you like the best we asked that are pulled today not expecting this kind of a hostile response 460 votes I mean just for fun. It's just a survey. Okay. The world is not hinging on it's not as important as You ought to stuff that she's doing change into world on a radio 251 people that's 54.5% of you say they all suck all reality shows suck. They bite they blow The Osmoans has 43 survivor 39 American Idol 23 real world from MTV is got 16 fear factor 14 Are you hot Scott lucky 13? Blind table 11 amazing racist 10 everybody single digits. You know, and let me say this to you how come We have so many who say they all suck and yet Joe Minionaire was one of the biggest topics of conversation on this radio station Never sure oh yeah, it was a money grab and bitches By the way, they loved it the same people are all whipped up about the masters and keeping a bitches out of everything I want to keep that gay club going up there in Augusta the same people were calling all the sports nerd shows Right the ratings wouldn't be as high as they are if everybody hated them Washes that are crowd okay, they're trying to pretend we're not asking it a lie about this and pretend to be intellectual You know, I call those people. Oh, I watched the I watch what's his name or we night Ted couples. Oh, you don't nobody watches Ted couple 567.0560 pound five 60 on a AT and T in Verizon wireless line Oh, yeah, this story I saw the other day about the Dixie chicks you go girl hard. I'm bigger part. I said you go girls The Dixie chicks are drawing harsh words from cut from music fans from Mark Singer Natalie means Made about president George W. during a recent performance in London Mainstool the audience earlier this week just so you know where shamed the presidency United States is from Texas Angry phone calls flooded national radio station WKDFM Thursday some calling for a boycott of the Texas trio's music The group released a statement Thursday saying they've been overseas for several weeks and the anti-merk encedement that's unfolded there is a Stounding while we support our troops. There's nothing more frightening than notion going to war with Iraq and the prospect of all the innocent lives will be lost They said In a separate statement Thursday main said I feel the president is ignoring the opinion of many in the Western alienating the rest of the world My comments were made in frustration and one of the privileges being an American is your feet of oyster on point of view Oh, you forgot somebody forgot to tell her she didn't get the memo that's BW before a W Not no more you ain't sweetheart. She's in deep crap now 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's call springs hello Call springs Oh, Neil. Yes How are you? I'm actually gonna drink the topic on you. I want to ask you. No, what what what is it? What does that mean? Well, but what is the topic? Hockey yeah So we'll actually get rid of the other five listeners that are often No, no, you see you're gonna change the topic. What is the topic? We don't have a topic Are you been talking about the reality show? No, that's not that's the polls not the topic go ahead. Hockey hockey hockey a couple of things Tell you more play seven shifts gets a wipe dog his injuries on crutches may never play again. I still want to go Go heroin Blood lead three times last night losing overtime to Calgary four or three falling leaves man These deluded people here they're all talking Stanley cup. They're there and they're on drugs. They're on crack go ahead What did you think of these Valerie Burray Trit? What do you mean I think of it? It's it's the wasn't a trade it was just unloading salary. This is what they keep doing Do you know anything about the guy you got though? No, I know but he ever raised just another kid. He's just another prospect Not just another kid. He actually had a great rookie year last year He didn't make it. We think Louis this year because the problem was his great rookie year was in direct Sir, sir, I don't want to say this to you. Let me say this to you right now. Can I say something to you? They unloaded salary and the fact is they can have all these promising youngsters for as long as they want But if they're going to continue not using the money from Pablebury salary and Valeriebury salary everybody else that they dumped out of there They're they're going to continue to be nothing but years of frustration net franchises in big big trouble They've got the nucleus of what could be a really good team if they have had some if they had some Fetterman guys in her how would you like to still have Ray Whitney and Mike Sons your in Scott Melon beyond the team Scott Melon be his court foregoals And one game last week. I understand that I'm a huge boy fan Well, I'm just honey they they've they've got to the team you know and to kind of have it a bunch of of underpaid huh One of the guys you didn't even mention was two blinds that takes two blinds that's ancient history Yeah, I mean people that want to keep talking about that that's ancient history But I'm just talking about it the last year and a half or two years It's my other question. Why is it the teams like New Jersey and Detroit? Always are able to make great deals with the trade deadlines don't these other organizations get tired of it like the fans do I mean how does Detroit give Matthew Schneider trade deadline? I don't know if Matthew Schneider I think he's highly overrated But I'd rather have Matthew Schneider than Phil Howsley was 100 years old But because Detroit is willing to spend the money they fill that place every night They make a fortune they got a ton of money and that's why they do it It's like it's like the Rangers now who are still within shouting business and making it because they got a 75 million dollar payroll You realize the Panthers payroll as they third or fourth lowest and league it's $22 million Joe even even the Buffalo Sabres who are just being bought thank God to save them out through the deals Master when I'll do so but even the Sabres who've got a bigger payroll in the Panthers How do you compete when you're not paying anybody when you're not bringing any asses in the seas? This group man Alan Cohen and his buddies you know, they may have met meant the best But they had no clue what they were getting into they have no idea what they're doing Now, I mean I've only been down to maybe it does in games this year But it's still the same will thing. I mean people want to if they they yeah I had a call the other day. Oh, you're wrong. You're late. It was a good crowd for the Montreal game They're one four thousand people there for that game I'm like no Seriously, I saw the power I saw the telecast here on TSN okay on the sports network and they paned And they should they were talking about how this this place isn't drawing any people in the Florida France crisis got to get some asses in the seats They paned back and showed that arena in the middle of the first period if there were 4,000 people Their my name is Danny Gallivan okay and of the 4,000 maybe a hundred new anything about the game The right but that'll be side to point, but you know they still got to get the cash man They got to get some asses in the seats and they're not gonna do it by missing the playoffs every year Right Yes, sir I don't think he's all I bet I think he he want to Stanley couple the red wings exactly I think I think that was a good deal in addition to which they shot book-wired at a hold him up for big buck Shawn Birk is I don't I think he's overrated Exactly, I think I think they did good Yeah, okay good luck to pal good luck to the Leafs won't eat it dog Gilmore seven shifts But I'm being by by Dougie and I see you again. Oh number 93 Got wiped out by old Dave Lowry I'm not always screw to go last night for Calgary, but wipe dog Dougie Gilmore in the same game That's for you Dave You following all of this what the little hockey talk that's okay. That was good. That was a breath of fresh air I'm sick and tear to be in an a one-dimensional town which uh with an oldie could talk about one thing and that's illegal aliens, you know Which we're gonna be talking about in a minute 567.0560 pound 560 on it. Oh, I'm still having a dream again. You know I go to bed. I wake up And it's the morning of my last show before my retirement. Oh, oh, oh my god, voice acting I don't think I'll be able to sleep that now. You know How does be liners stirring at the ceiling with visions of sugar plums dancing in my head and on my bed and even in my Braccomo. Oh, it'll be great Anyway, we had somebody before Colin talking about crocutin and pop an oleumid in their post and you know something it's great stuff My blood pressure is sensational and I'm pop in the oleumid that's specifically designed for blood pressure in my post every day Olio might Contains farmas super great olive oil not ordinary everyday pedestrian olive oil, but super concentrated olive oil With health benefits. oleumid capsules everyday can upreduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol Plus there are 14 different oleumid formulas to choose from each one combined pharmaceutical great olive oil with vitamins Minimals and almost a support specific needs from bones to blood pressure to your immune system Just pick out the formulas that are right for use and now there are three new oleumid formulas one to help you sleep I'll need them on that night Want to have to control your weight and co-q 10 which I keep tani is so important for your heart Trust me. It's a great thing You're finally made at publish records well-reens whole food markets Now far one sedan was ordered with online if you like oleumid america dot com call troll free from Information about these sensational products call 1 866 oleumid Maybe we would get any this thing ole ole oil when get him to do that on the spots too That's one 866 653 6633 for your health start popping some oleumid right away What With hope It's my name that With host top Kennedy I have me one welcome name that to tonight our finalist will last week will have a chance to win our million dollar jackpot Let's meet our finalist right now mr. Duff Lindsey Well, that's back Oh, don't be nervous you did find last week. This should be a breeze. Yeah, all right. Let's get you that million dollar jackpot Are you ready for the first two? Yes, I've been practicing all week. Okay, then here we go. Hey, we hear the first two, please Stop thinking got us yeah I'm gonna have an egg norton you are correct Okay, this is the big moment you can quit now or keep yours. Oh, no, I want to go for your head for the million dollar jackpot Very well for one million dollars name this two Yeah This stop something wrong enough. Maybe didn't hear it right again from his little Lindsay Stop it off this incident 1146 if he's a little panache it's just a kind of ride Lynn Samuel's thank you Lynn emails me some interesting stuff Speaking of a presence on drugs Curse of the open mic from the BBC it says Britney Spears George W. Bush and John made your ball reportedly been cut on a wears by open mics the new nightmare for those in the public eye Towards open microphone or enough to freeze the blood of politicians celebrities and others in the public eye The phrases media jargon for a mic left on by journalist or technician before an interview or performance is started or after its over Pop sensation Britney Spears is reported to be latest victim and a flush to be for going on stage in front of her biggest ever live audience in Rio Britney apparently began lamb basting her on to rise Don't tell me they're just letting the audience just if and stand out there like that. Oh my god. This is retarded she said oh my god Every word was transmitted live to the 170,000 concert goes and then we laid around the world Her record company maintains it with somebody else's voice that they heard Couldn't have had a little Brit they could it no Do you as presidential campaign George W. Bush experienced a similar problem? Just the OEM remember that? Sure, dude just before a campaign speech to candidate complaint about New York Times reporter Adam Climer calling him a major league asshole At the time the sudden revelation that the would be present was not like cable or harboring a major grudge But could swear with a best of look like it could have cost in the election Well, it says could have lost in the election, but I changed that word because he did lose the election The most celebrated instance of British open mic syndrome was the 1992 performance of Prime Minister John Major Afternoon if he would the then IT and political editor Michael Brunson Mr Major left fly see me to forget he was in the studio bristling with every type of measurable recording equipment He castigated members of his cabinet as bastards promising to crucify them and convince confessed that he was no or that he was a whim Who had no idea how to win an election I mean like that and it goes on a great life. Oh During the 1992 presidential campaign which brought Bill Clinton a power American media watch your Brian springer recorded 500 hours of these feeds the satellite feeds You know like you get on the big dish the direct live feeds that aren't on the area right The material which Mr. Springer made at the documentary spin showed politicians like George Bush senior his wife Barbara Mr. Clinton simply staring into the camera sometimes coming to hear a scratching their nose between hookups Those are a lot of fun on the big dish and this throughout a few of them One of the feeds showed Mr. Bush discussing his heart drugs and sleeping pills with interview were Larry King My brother is in a pharmaceutical business king whispered of the then present he says there's a pill coming out from Israel That's better than hellsian See they reported that on all of his trips of Bush seniors to take calcium right you mean sleeping color decongestant mr. Mr. Bush has the interviewer Mumble that it was a strong sleeping pill great can the reply My god the bush family on drugs. Let's hear it What a shocker and all Bubba did was get a few blow jobs 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Thank you Lynn Here's a call from couple of rage. Hello Hello, Neil yes, this is a black female and I'm calling it referring to the call you had a little while ago to save your races I happen to like he didn't say I was a racist he just said that I don't know where he was coming from I happen to like to show very much and I try to put other black people on to the show because there's a lot of truth And what you say and I don't think you're in that all and I like to call them either way Okay, all right, thanks be it all have have a great day Boss there's a cc got a sense of humor. She understands what it's all about anybody that would say that this is a racist show It's pretending they don't get pretending they don't understand and of course We know who started all that crap for last year Anybody who would do this under the guys there stick pop up a bus And I mean this is a guy who's just the fake off those checkered pants right Lashing out now. It's the billboard. That's the new thing. Hey, Bozo don't you understand your audience is already listening We understand we get it. Okay, not a few shows before been around a block a few times long before your ugly nasty old ass was dumped on a wartime and I do mean dumped Nice, you know that national search thing. They're always talking about after Greg Blue out the worst team right We're conducting a national search to bring out a great new talent. You know something like that. Well, I tell you sure that I'm very thorough job What's that expression? Oh, they they always like to use it like in a market be sure and do your due diligence Yeah Well, I guess Greg did some do-do Diligence phasing to his due diligence or the problem Greg you know or consultant I don't think our consultant anything to do with it Don't I think it was your good buddy Greg 501 votes on a poll. Well, that's not too bad. Is that even noon yet What TVB LV showed you like the best? 272 people. Oh say they all suck that's 53.8% of you hate the reality shows all of them can't stand them the Osborne 48 survivor 45 American idle 24 real world MTV 18 pure factor 16. Are you hot 14? It's moving up there real slowly That's okay. I don't care if they watch your not the amazing raised 12 Joe minion area 11 and blind date 11 after that It's small small potatoes Here's Miami. Hello Miami Yeah, Miami. Yes, sir. Yeah, I wanted to give you a billboard exciting things you just mentioned billboards Oh my god Yeah, I'm commercial billboard heading east 2.5 blocks to my 95. Oh my god. You mean what am I? When you're here says Neil God. Oh right actually how did look? Actually it's a good picture. You have your glasses on but uh, you're pretty thin look for look almost human in that picture I'm off. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Okay. Bye. Have a great day. I'll be sure and tell all you call. Hey, mole. See the guy's on him He wasn't enthusiastic about seeing if that's all see that that's it's a call getting your audience involved in his show as opposed to be in a Bit-a-roll manmo. That's what it's all about He's got to give me a seminar. He's got to explain to me that the people the people were talking to already are listening We're trying to get new people listening Of course with lead and like we got from him. There's no question. We're gonna get a gigantic oh my god With the anti-neal show in fact, I you know just like they since the arena episode was that last week of the week before last week last week Last week. Oh, yeah last Friday, I believe was the big blow up out there at the realm And since then he's just been on the world path. He's on which is fine with me. I just keep mentioning our name at least it's improvement The show today has brought to you by Ginsu and I have then Georgia sharpening up the knives I'm gonna stab me in a back again, and you know what's there? You bet you just wait till I come back from vacation Yeah, oh, yeah, I'm gonna go out get one of those when they call is a little sharpening Those things those are the holding stones a little home in stone I'm gonna you're into the rolling stones. We got the homen stones here on QAM for radioish Gonna sharpen those things up man. We're gonna turn him into a gay blade 567. Oh 560. I think we'll do the screen listening to one hour. Okay, cuz I'm going on vacation Stern tomorrow. Wow. What oh, yeah, I know Carlos is upset about that He went oh, we've had a few calls today. You know we've covered from a hockey to Hiroshima to homosexuality to Mode to the man here. Please don't forget take a look on your Rogers dot com even if you don't care about our poor They need the bedtime stories because you'll see that incredible picture of the lovely treestratford on you doll fans out there Your former little running back there number 23 treestratford first in our hearts number eight in the sales department I'm trying to click on the home page there now and I can't they won't we're to how is it? I don't it is well, it's probably overloaded with aids in and people wanted to check on the thing right now areas Hopping Troy He's happened man because he's got the more hairpiece and keeps popping on an offense like it's on its office and it's out I've gone Troy you're real pain in the ass by the way Here's Miami. Hello Hey, you're doing sweet. I did a little air force member of Carlos calling you up. Are you doing how deep Carlos? Chilling I got to have some matter of fact that got a lot of guy took my thunder because I I too Started one of your billboards. I'm right how do you like that? My international airport on highway 12 and 37 and back oh wait wait a minute This is a very important call you want to know why cuz this in fact Duff really is the down not doing the job. This is the bonus one that we weren't sure was going up This is an extra bonus board that we were like kind of they weren't sure So this is the one on one 12 going to the airport. Yeah, he came in here and told me Yeah, but you never passed it along double puts that I would like a little bridge type thing right. He was smiling at me saying up there right there Then the mouth you know, I mean there's good so let's see there's one two three four five Neil God billboards And only one for more in a watery sport off. I get a little quirky about it Well, Neil just in in closing. I love you very much George take care and Most of that Thanks a lot Carlos. Take care Okay, I feel like that we got to build board off there go into the airport Miami. Oh, yeah Well, what's he talking about the locations the listeners already know yeah, you're an asshole a man You're a silly old ass God can you imagine a smell of that bag he carries around holy crap in fact that's probably what's in it Unholy crap Mozo Here's a facts It says Panthers news there was a sports op-ed article last week in the Palm Beach post saying that Alan Cohen has blocked my keen in from team practices Hoping those empty the ranges so cone would have to pay the rest of the kind of I believe that John a poor saying Lucy And did I say that just the other day that I think that Rick Deleys trying to make him an awkward can't refuse like right out the door Oh, yeah, if you want to go to the Rangers be my guest, okay? Let's say they were going back upstairs. You go to a coach again get him out of the Stanley cup go there and have a wonderful time Mike, but we don't want to pay those big bucks and we don't like anyway That's what they're trying to do so anybody I appreciate that I was at least a hockey fan at Blues fan Called before who's blues a slash Panthers like me leave slash Panthers, you know But the fact that the matter is that you know you can't have all the youngsters there. They're the youngest average age and league the Panthers Which is fine if they keep the good players which they probably won't because they won't want to play them And you can't have all the youngsters in the organization. I know to speak of that that Brian Murray got robbed me to my back with his two-poil moment Dallas-Soulry and a hunt and they're doing a good job at it and a hunt but that might be the turning point back down BM just like Anders Erickson keep going back making the same mistakes over and over again. They got a thing for these people Maybe he can get Judy Holon 1157 and five just a joke, Jody. Jody loves me by the way. You know, Jody Holon is wife. Who? They love me. How is the bees who doing? Three minutes till noon at five 60 WQM. Let me tell you about the lights of us. Booker audio divers out there It's a stupid-ness superstore for people on low carbohydrate diets. You order your supermarket and other than the meat and cheese and the cheese and the meat and little bit of seafood There's nothing else. There's nothing else. Nothing else. That's not gonna snack on. There's nothing keep you satisfied between your main meals But it delights the entire store is loaded with over 600 low carb foods for example now they're introducing three new flavors of their low carb crunchy Racket chips and new low carb brownies by carb control for all you browny hounds and for delicious flavors the only one car preserving So what are you looking for the carbolite ice cream? Brad's muffin cheesecake's pasta and sauces are any of the other Zidian low carb foods. This entire store is dedicated to you Delights a West Boca. You can try anything that's strawberry for you by it to see if you'd be like it They got an eligible staff open every day seven days a week 10 to 10 and they create a most complete line of That can brand products in the world and here's even a better part all other atkins products are always 25% off all day every day Atkins diet is rated number one so and for the number one low carb sugar free store The lights a West Boca on the northeast quarter of blades in 441 Where next to Boston market? These aren't say how do my good friend Alan over there? Tell me's not really so fat call him tool free one eight seven seven low carb or find him on the way to low carb dot com don't forget There's only one the lights a West Boca. It's your official atkins retail We're suppose we know five 60s you a you a yeah That this is Jemelo Piz I have to take my hormones every day to keep the hair from growing back of our many pores And that's when I listen to the kneel mattress 12 to one hour McMows often mr. Mouse It's my collizer Michaelizer What I think What do you want it's it's Michaelizer sir? It's not sunny. I'm a Michaelizer Oh boy, I'm a good morning sir. I don't know done with you pal Sir, I was looking at the ratings for this nightmare you had it's going through I'm a boy. I'm pretty good me out of here. What a smashing successor Everything was in the toilet. It was unbelievable. It's a breakdown the demigrategories You know what I'd say that I'm just happy it's over Sir, I believe the second go around will be much better the second go wrong You must be on crack We're not doing nothing again. Why do you want to bring that back because the first time around you barely miss Poppalling me a partner network Well, sir, it's already done. Wait a minute. Sorry. Don't nobody ever told me it was already done I'm a boy Dreamer How are you doing? Come to it, ma. Do it quietly remas that's not quiet enough. We must Blue birds things like alarm pit Sir, our base weeps will be amazing. I'm a celebrity get me out of here too It's at a 15 nights 40 straight night. It's a very nice Obama celebrity get me on here You're killing me and the celebrities ten times better. Oh my god We got Hello We're not Take the harmonica light it up your back and walk it up All right, do we've got Bernie Capel who? Bernie Capel the doctor from the lab boat off a heaven fakes He hasn't worked since he did the stop snoring spray commercial we've got a real hotty Adrian Barbot Oh my god She's terrible and so when I know you love Billy Bush Oh, I'm a man. Is that the president's annoying nephew that's the one off our heaven sake You can't put him on there and Yeah, we must We must There's a We must come on the phone So thrilling What are you making making a new cadenza boss? What's wrong with my old credenza? You should like him, John my shell at him shot Oh I don't care who you have on the nightmare or we have the major awister sir We got Scott's backyard and letter Nemoy even remit doesn't remember one or Nemoy Remus I wasn't addressing you Surrounded by idiots Hey, remis I thought I told you to put that harmonica off your butt Oh, far to the office Level five at five sixty WCM the excitement is building baby you can smell it all the way up here can't you feel it? What? You've Simon. Oh, that's right. We're all nice week. I don't forget be real nice to George next week Because we got the work coming on Tuesday. No, it doesn't matter and right here on his show he'll be opening up that see it in pot The MSNBC pot and better not the fox pot, but I'll be opening up a lot of pot. He's gonna be opening a lot of pot And let everybody know exactly what's going on. This is the one place you won't have to be settled with Dr. Laura or Lard asks or any of that other crap if something's going on of importance You can be damn sure George or put it on there to inform you and kill some really good time right Here's a call from Teverney or hello I'm sorry, I'm sorry Do you think Moza attempt was it wasn't attempt at a stick this morning? Oh, yeah sure And so Yeah, he's out there looking about to see if see his name in print Why I just got a picture here my on the website Yeah, no no, and you were like I'm gonna put that the call. That's why it's there. It's right That could be it that could be a currency in He don't get it No problem man major ego have a great weekend Jane and Fort Lovardial chronic factor and the worship police who says yes Chronoc I know see they're gonna be anti war protest and Washington DC They're also be candlelight visuals across the world 7 p.m on Sunday one will be held at A1A and sunrise another one at University in sample The find closest to protest you go to what is that move con dot org MOVCO end dot org? What is that stand for? I don't want to know. I'm sorry said just finished blinded by the right said really said yesterday's Jane was self-hating Faggot's We need nickel and dime by Barbara Aaron Reich It's about try to survive on minimum wage. She tries fortunately. She has a writing job to go back to oh Well can't change the world just past 11 units a cool age in right have a nice picture Thanks, it's from move on dot org Is that what that is? Yeah, well, I'm not a year. It's goofy on my I see it's a bad fact move on dot org MOVE oh end dot org by the way we got the books on the website or did he say by the way? Did you say bye the bye? I'm sorry if you better not be doing that again Be near board. I'll think of where your spot under most billboard That was an idea. Oh look at that. They're right there already nice going Eric you're the best sweetheart Having on their sandwich. I don't have a rubin Look at that to honey of the president the 10-year campaign to destroy Bill and Hillary Clinton Joe Coniston and Jean line which which picks if you read the David Brockbook and then you go into this I mean, it's just it's all right there man. It's all there and then grovey doll Which what is it saying? Oh perpetual war and perpetual peace how would got to be so hated by grovey doll? Who's brilliant in print, but that oh that thing on TV that night they hit them on CNN made a monkey out of me I was very sad don't do that again, gore okay. Once you get to be a hundred you should be on TV no more gore That's what we're gonna be doing scream us this are almost forgot see that's what happens when you get an old and teabral Carlos you have a million strokes Oh and for the guy to ask and who is very well intended you want to hear about co-cute 10 and about this net It's not that I recovered so fast from my TIA my mini stroke because I didn't I Can honestly say today is the first day and I'm not saying 100% I say about 95% about 90 man But I don't have all the fog in the head, you know like the feeling of all the like the blood and the cloudy all of that crap I think but don't Those little cigars don't tell you again don't be smoking Ocegarza, right and If my friend Derek is listening when I come back to town we go to pop in O park no more does little cigars Okay, you're damn near killed me. He certainly helped that not that I do a lot my own But the little cigars and you remember for Easter I told you these thing put your head in a fog You feel like there's a cloud in your head and You change smoke and because they're a little they're tiny, you know and they're young or sometimes It's like like a Chinese buffet when you're small to keep put one after another in your mouth like mushrooms Here is Miami, hello Hi Neil this is a great congratulations on all the new billboard I'd like that five billboards. I guess that's one for each year I've been on QA and we first went for four five years didn't have any enough three months later We got five well, that's a great thing, but I've got one question about it though Yeah, why are they putting these billboards up right now? You got five up before we've never been able to get billboards from anyone before yeah, and they're going up the week That you're going that's the week before you're going away on the day You know something leave it to our listeners to do it. That's an excellent point And let me just tell you this I give them my vacation schedule months ahead of time So they knew damn well when I was going on vacation, but that's them, you know well You know, I and it's not like my Georgia show isn't a good show or anything like that Well, I mean, but to put it to point is people senior Rogers not one else They'll turn on QAM and then here George there mumbling away and I'll say who the hell wants to listen to that crap That's the big deal. Let's think I would have glasses up there that have put up these five billboards all around town for this for this little pussle It here for English anti-capture radio. Oh my god That's an excellent point sir. You're hired you're an in management right now I hope you have a very nice vacation in a safe point. Thank you and you start on Monday. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Okay We're doing screenless. I don't see any calls on our C1 Nifty pressing I mean, they were starting at that I guess they wanted the green light for screenless. Here's the only one we got QAM Your wife the great lake My wife is a great lady. Yeah, was that good or why? Yeah, it's excellent your wife is a great lady I had her Better use than me. You can QAM WCWM deal Yes, hey. I just saw your billboard on 112. Yeah, I'm five year your god But you know already the turkey buzzards have gotten to it. There's like green through the one it and it builds out something I could just make it out let me see M O E Mo Okay, thanks man. Okay That was excellent. What it oh like I said they're gonna be great screenless till one a clap They're gonna be sensation or not as the case maybe What's next did baby So don't let people go with the gas that we sold it first time a crusher nation and they only want that's going Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going forget about Korea The nooks there told you that's a right queen is really good over and over and too are it And they rag the emphasize Three thousand people killed Our now forgotten, let's exploit them and stand, A their royal to be gotten, going after sent down to, Plank Hado's sum up, there's no longer mention of the name in Lothan, but no enceived concern, all of them be in complacent, believe in every word of this cartel in administration. Back and throw this by fear through the unmanipulation and the right wing is thrilling at over and over and to our heads. And I ragged myself, weapon of mass destruction. The home of the energy. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying, we're all suspects now, not the ice drop this day. I have nothing to hide, table partners all are sayeth, I know, be a cattle don't have any reservation, powder proof, metal and screw the annihilation, hold machine must mull, and have a virgin installed, with no objection at all, and the crepto have a false end of, right wing is thrilling at over and over and to our parade. Watch man. I ragged myself, with a Smith of mass destruction. Your holy I ragged myself, with the Smith of mass destruction. You're all the same. You're all the same. I'm all the same, I'm all the same. We sure do. from 19 at five sixty as the center team and we had these two faces back to back admit here's what is his own puzzle i heard hangst trying to get the beast to date for some contest now i love hank is a taco snail and the beast looks like his son but was the last day of the day that didn't pay for a lot's none of your business here's what it says haven't anything lately about the beast getting laid the behamas well that is a good point that we just make that promotion it's still on their website you and dot com so still going on and will go on how come we don't hear any more promos for it yeah because we don't want to make a five minute break we're all sold out we don't have any that's right good point Carlos excellent all sold out lots of spots on his show yeah well i just mentioned that most since the sales department so it's been a bit about what a hard time they have selling your show did he already bad bad the beast or did they bad the idea no they did not bad the idea if not how many ticks of side up have a great vacation thank you do we don't have any a sign up but you only wishes he only wishes i have a feeling nobody signed up now what's this that you're faxing me now if this stage of the game yeah that's my fault he gave it to me like an hour ago but they can make a lot of i should tell you this make it emailed me the uh picture the new billboard on one twelve go to the mimey international and it looks just like me on earth's uh nine to one five sixty w qm all right you know i'm a little bit leery of one thing on a billboard they look great but like on hanks it says the hammer three to seven in one i mean i mean anybody doesn't know that that's his nickname on a station and that they have no idea that it's ankle burrs you want to say it because hanks been around a market for hundred years right they might think it's on seahammer right that's right market is kind of a different audience but i'm serious i mean i guarantee i hanks been on the station what about seven years on qm longer than us the six seven years whatever it's been and you know people know hanko burrs they know the name and and like when he goes on the s p n the i don't know because i don't think i've ever seen hanko he has been on the abc thing with a racing but like they don't say oh well here's uh the hammer is talk about the you can tucky derby is hanko burrs it's just my own i mean i could be wrong i'm certainly not probably can we got five billboard that's right let's talk it up big so thanks Miguel i just assure we appreciate it stop by mom wireless today from five to six to sack no located inside the home depot in market at twenty one seventy three north state road seven when prices registered when a pair tickets drop coming florida marlins home game woo heavy duty that's m o n mom wireless five to six today in the home depot in market twenty one seventy three north state road seven and George will be out tomorrow he's not another one of his outings again he's coming out tomorrow three to five at Rick case he's hiding on western road in Griffin western road and Griffin what now what is that is that western i i guess was the uh the grip and it's like by five ninety five and i know where it is but i'm just wondering what you call it anyway stop by the wind prices and your three pizza from pizza heaven located right in front of Rick case uh how handy is an add something so George is going to be sitting out who else is going to be there with you Miguel will be there Miguel either having some free food some free child maybe derine will be there what you think maybe she can tell you the real story she said she hates you like poison moe she can't stand you you're obnoxious putty that he impossible old man that's what derine said derine the queen the vanson machine that was up forty five that has that however has the just a little bit two and a half points in the negative red arrow so they come up with his middle east proposal now is your most important Palestinian state and the Palestinians have to do this and about to be put a group of them and so it isn't as interestingly should have been doing this like two years ago yeah wasn't uh but doing that and you remember the comments or we're not going to get bogged down in the middle either the whole Israeli Palestinian thing like the Clinton administration did we're not going to get bogged down you know we got bigger fish to fry like kicking away everybody civil rights and then all of a sudden nine eleven happened now all of the same isolation is bashed now all of a sudden they're experts all over the world we're going to solve that and of course if they do see it seems to me because they told CBS news which I forgot to mention any moment less less than uh of less than clarity they tell CBS news i guess what um al-qaeda is in total this array in fact and rather had it on last night you see it on the CBS news yeah that al-qaeda's basically beat but on the other hand in the same sentence they're saying uh wow uh but we know there's going to be another attack and they're going to kill a bunch of innocent people they just can't they just can't do what i think they did before so in other words a bunch of double talk but if that's true and of course there are many other terrorist groups but if that's true since they were the main focus of our purpose and if this middle east peace thing is going to get that those are two more reasons not to be going into a rack so what i'm saying yeah and not to be stirring up the whole Muslim world again everybody whipped up into a frenzy if we're looking if our goal is really peace instead of war say she won't send no it's an awful lot of sense to me let's walk the fortet's nest is dead yeah let's whack it if i were watching uh are you hot 17 votes for are you hot by the way see a lot of people haven't seen it yet i guarantee if you ask in a couple of weeks you'll see they'll say oh by the way you guys are right that's a pretty hot show five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line squeameless WQAM yes i think okay your people are at it again your people i thought kayocha was last weekend they're getting whipped up to a frenzy anyway i guess just i didn't make it a good ready for the war when the bomba grande WQAM hi there yes sir i just heard something on the radio is rather killing our dear friend doctor Laura is stating that all of the protesters are being financed five these friends of the communist oh no is that lovely yes friends of one friend of what communist there are no communists 90 percent of the war protesters are being financed by friends of communist come on east of communist the black side of the pitch he needs to be well he needs to be strapped to a poor for a few hours goodbye thanks for the good news comey think all bastards martin sheen and barber stri-san and all the other anti-war people in the dixie chicks etc communist their communist their no and what a great you see that when all there right we had money calling and we had this guy tell us about the doctor Laura again who's a muskristan you know doctor Laura that's the one no she's a muskstad juista now all of a sudden she got religion rubbed off again she got married to the sorethalach stew and she became an orthodox stew which he crosses the worst kind she can't even speak about that like julee bromeners and other goodman for maybe julee bromen came to lopadocula or say this a lot of problems in the future fine thing she's the no she's a wonderful woman and she never stole a freight train and where's the home entash hey by the way speaking of that did you ever tell you what they poor must yes i did it's the 18th of next week the 18th of next week that'd be confused with the 18th of the week after the 18th of March I'll be dancing that means on my vacation oh that that's the day the worst starts right that's for doing so on for the war's gonna start so listen if i did out between the apopi seat and the uh prune home entash you can and sunrise likes they're going to be heating up back and forth to each other and then there's a little hard ones you know there's a little oh man those things are nasty you see those yeah and in fact George probably knows more about home entash than all the yiddler hot there that's right and we too is met effect we've educated him very well about the difference between those make believe phony erasats home entash and those little very small hard triangular pieces of cement and the real good ones the big dark brown fluffy ones with apopi seats on the outside everyone still insists those are the other real ones what the hard ones but you know what come and do it the 27th of the past moon at five five sixty oh wqa m hey I'll tell you where to some great chow floors floors has been serving up great food in south florida and date county for about five thousand years now and while everybody else in that neighborhood just went the way at the wind every other business kind of like vanished floors is not only still there but they're going stronger than ever nothing if florist comes out of the can the food is as fresh as the fallen snow and Toronto and you can tell by that just made fresh taste from the sauce to the freshly made pizza dough and fresh baked garlic rolls to they'd make them right there on the premises at florist every single day they give you a big fat portions at teeny tiny prices they use more cheese and meats on their pies than anybody else in town and fact you'll have cheese from your head to your back home when you walk out of there here's the address there at 731 northeast 79 suit up is gain bullbroad the same location they've always been at or even call floors and get your stuff delivered at 305 758 5351 in fact when you go to florist look across the street and say oh my gosh son he's market used to be over there did you tell me he's still there I forgot what they said somebody called up and said that they are they were son he's still there thank god for that anybody call florism get your delivery 305 758 5351 they deliver from 34th in disgain all the way to 135 and disgain 135 they'll go to quay side cricket club the jockey club florist even delivers as far-wise as 12 Avenue and he's to columns in 71st read give them a call if you're nice to little Judy when you call she'll tell you about all kinds of great specials like 399 get to a large cheese pie a liter of soda and six delicious mouthwatering chicken wings cough or is any time you're hungry 305 758 5351 that's 305 758 5351 and be sure in year How exactly he did? H Bush it to the space for the horizontally size Starame Manning on hmm Making 10g Mmm Aww Mmm I Clap with your Perfect smile Why youugul Brush your Face Lift its Hands Move Upon the eye, the key is to caounce the knee of the general. On top of his shoulders, the legs went through both knees and knees became not monde. I couldn't believe when you were telling me this before the show about how this firm I thought you were joking me. We're talking about the are you hot show But here it is from the A and P Howard sperm has so what ABC in the produces of the series are you hot to search for America's sexiest people Clean and the show is based on ideas there on his radio program The lawsuit five yesterday in superior court accused of the network of copying a unique aspect of a stern radio segment And which members of his crew ingest you right away the bodies of Institute of contestants stern is seeking a hundred million dollars in damages The 49 year old radio personality claims ABC show Duplicate some tactics used on his show including blood criticism of contestants and the use of a laser pointed highlight areas of their bodies Which I noticed that your buddy did the one last night. Yeah For Benzo are you hot features contestants in various stages of dress mostly under us Posing in front of three panelists to rate them solely on looks the show is produced by Scott L. Insager a former executive producer of Stern's ETH cable show and former Stern sci-kick Jackie Martin is that the jacket the joke man. Yeah, is listed as a consultant Yeah, before ABC's program debuted stern was still in toxic develop a TV series based on his radio segment according to the lawsuit He planned to broadcast the show possibly on a pay cable channel that wouldn't be subject to censorship But when ABC aired our U hot talks for a stern TV show collapsed the lawsuit be Sam Stern says he warned the network to series and be misappropriation, but ABC this regard him and now he's doing for a hundred million bucks Good luck to Howard That's the more grony for us doing his idea about radio and then the first angle he's gonna sue him for stealing English Do you think that he needs the money or the publicity most 560 560 560 560 on the AT and see if rise on wireless line Oh, yes, sir Speaking Yes, I am Listen, I have two bones to pick with him. Yeah, I speak I'm listening to show for about 15 years. Huh now George is starting to get that laugh You know that laugh Yeah Need to take care of George make sure he's like lays off the laugh a little bit because you know the lab George. Okay The other thing is Neil. I mean you could lie down on the Canadians for years and years and years and now you're all the front The French Canadians not the you but you know your Canadians mister because you sure don't Yeah, well, I don't the French Canadians are in Quebec either in Montreal We don't got no frogs here in Ontario in Toronto Not allowed man no say for misalgae Okay Okay, so anyway before you take another great call we have a special guest in the studio of course. It's our regular Friday I was forgot about FAZO Okay, what we can find your fried out before we get to the We can find out Maybe you can find out Before we get to the weight thing about how he's doing how many Applicants do we have I mean supplicate. I think we actually are starting to get some in now Well give me like a number. I don't know I'm not in charge of that. That's a clearance We're starting to get some in yeah good So it was you're not cheesy and this is just this is just just have a companion to go somewhere like exactly like like I'm guiding light What's his name is a companion now Ben is a companion? He's an escort you know the ones that they get separate rooms when they go to the The crystal palace you really very well Think right shut enough. I think you should emphasize that okay in fact I think they're gonna be in separate wings of the casino No press separate elevator separate wings the only wings that the beast will be gonna have a eaten nose now. How you doing on balance for life? I lost a pound this week So now well at least the one good thing I'll say that would make you 228. Yes, I so that equals the all-time low What's up I had at 56 pounds off since you started right and I mean we'll be perfectly honest with the audience He hasn't exactly been on a straight narrow path the whole time No when on a couple of cruises with his well-to-do parents who keep knock out see if your parents really cared about you I would say if they loved you without be carrying it too far if they cared about you even a little bit They wouldn't be doing that they wouldn't be putting that temptation front of your eyes So actually planning another cruise and a trip to Vegas so to a very atric hospital. I hope yeah That's what we hope no, not see you're not paying any attention to me like it's a joke You're talking to a guy that just had his second stroke and you know what it came from Besides how our David and 2 a.m. and Greg read the other thing was fat Inactive now are you at least working in out a little bit and working out have a trainer and working out you have a trainer? Yeah, I think what he really means is he ate at money trainers is what he's trying to say Is a trainer Just like that chip on the the new made for Mrs. Wallace on passions. It's got a trainer Probably the same when it's training the chip well nice going beast not too bad And Moe understand is very upset over this promotion you're doing that's the word I'm here which is another reason we like it a lot. It's okay. He brings me up every morning So it's good publicity does he really yeah? What about what I don't know he likes to throw me in there and his little stick Like to three under the bus he's on clues that Carlos is in there now and that's that's getting so crowded That bus man we're gonna have to get a fleet of buses are gonna have to get some max trucks It'd be Q amp parking lot because Moe keeps throwing everybody under there You try to throw Dorina under there, but she wouldn't fit Poor Dorina queen man. She I'll tell you I give her big big marks man for big balls more than you got these After agreed that's the same lunch. No, but seriously she had big balls She told one right to his face. She said you mother's scratch and piece of old whatever she said She not taking any crap from that much in the old piece of dude and then she kicked his bag right in his pushes what I heard She kicked his clock to me right in his push Exactly, I's going to rain we take everything back moments homo Yet again married for all dry scdob burn He said we're a horrible means improve Then the final team wins That is shoes, but I'm confused. They're taking you from West, Underneath is soup. My national lesbian. The reason me, you're confused, so he's got to get married. And just marry and he's gone and married. They're all hating home, home, now he's got to get married. The final diplomatic moments. And he never keeps to know, no, no, no. Every time, screaming, looking very slow, he's got to get married. They're very, very, very enemies, gone and married. They're hating home, home, for this, gone and married. They're getting home, home, home. They're getting home, home, home, home. They're getting married. You can get married, too. I'm not aware that you need eventuality or circumstance. Anybody else is suggested, let alone the leaders of those nation. Somebody's saying, Ari, he's saying that we're in a final stages of diplomatic whatever. You know what that means? We're on Tuesday. You're ready. Strap yourself in. And want to be grateful you to be there like oversee the work coverage. Right. You and Carlos are one and only local correspondence. Our news department of QAM George Rodriguez and Carlos Schmendrick. I don't even know what Carlos's last name is. And we don't want to know. Don't tell us. But don't. I don't have one. Little bit of boy and Jorge. Give you a hint. You can go to the Z. Anchor in the news coverage. Yeah, Melinda's Mendez. Yeah, something. It's probably Smith. 567. 560. Pound 560 on it. Wasn't that just opportune that area should pop up on CNN on my TV screen, where the middle of that magnificent pit? Was just one of those things again, you know? Just all fallen right into line. WQAM. Right. Yes sir. A few days ago, you been playing that Ari tongue. I have no idea what happened with Ari flesh. What we come out about it? How about your pardon? I have no idea what happened with Ari flesh. What you guys are playing that Ari flesh as long as the water. What happened with him? Did he taste up the nerve? He said, on the ground in the middle east. That's what he said. 567. 560. Oh, I found 560 on the AT&T for a piece between this real arm Palestinian. I've analyzed the wireless line. WQAM. A deal. How are you? I'm great. I'm not doing so. I've been listening to somebody's callers lately. I took a little break because of my job. I couldn't listen to your show. Unfortunately, and just recently, I've been listening back to it. Yeah. Oh my gosh, what happened to this place? What do you mean by that? Well, I hear it like for example, since you're doing the non-no screen routine here. You know, I've been on in here that little somebody's calling you. I'll almost up in the hanging middle fast. They run back to their radio so they can drill over your neck. Right. And there's squeezing themselves right. Unbelievable. Nothing's ever changed. It's been a good and worse down in the center of your right. That's why I'm here. That's why I'm in Toronto with a big smile on my face. Lookin' out the sunshine. It's gonna be a beautiful weekend. Unbelievable. I've done it. I'm back in my back and I'm getting out of touch. I'll see you at the border, right? Hey. Have a good weekend. I'm here. Thanks. See there you go. He's catching on. This show is, I've told you that for years. That's the truth. This show and the people who call it are a direct reflection of what's out for what is all a boot. At least I'm gonna get calling in. There can be no question about that. You can, it's kind of like taking a rectal or a thermometer. Rectum and sticking it into the anus of that state of that penisula. It is what, let's create. And throughout the weekend for all it's just a promulet that it was like something really important for him to be on at this time of day. Well, let's create. Wouldn't you assume that something really like mage you're made your pormus going on? Wouldn't it? No. He's a pin in the ass. He's not a shill. Another shill. And we got Peter Arnett over there speaking of common ishto. Can you believe that the doctor Laura said that those people are protecting it's the world. Or a 90% of our common is unshocked and surprised. I mean, somebody oughta tell Dr. Laura that the, that communist a crap went out with most checkered pants. We're supposed to be in five, six, six, six. You a M. What I get to go, won't you smile and get to we all vote it more? If you want this, film the flow, it's rubber, stupid heat. Don't go home, my mind is drunk and rich yet. Don't go home, easy, man. Lumber than me. I'm peace, president, come. You don't care what it's all. You got a me and my hook from drugs with Christian. Oh, no one's present to you and I would help a Peter. We've got a great leader here. With friends and in. Oh, no, no, no. Cup of these six couldn't raise this the opportunity to put that one more time. No, because, oh, I can do it. Exciting. Anyway, we have six hundred and eighteen votes on a poll not to Chevy, which TVB LL showed you like best. They all sucked 53.3% say they all sucked 130. 60 say they like the Osborne's best 53 survivor, American Idol 29, fear factor 23. Are you hot and we award MTV 19? Blind date 17, amazing race 14, Joe May the 13. Big brother six and an equal Smith show five and it's way all single to just several them have none. But 50G.3% say they all sucked obviously they haven't seen. Are you hot yet, right? In fact, probably Howard sperm would want to see are you hot anyway. Don't forget what he did making sounds there. Oh, he's going to be on the other side. I was making sounds about Howard sperm. Stop by the mom wireless from five to six this afternoon. Inside the home depot and margated 2173 north state road seven when prizes probably are you will stuff. And register what a pair of tickets to an upcoming Florida Marlins home game any interest. No, come on. How about you Miguel's going to be there, right? Yes. He's going to be working on it. And then George Amigil will be on three to five tomorrow afternoon at Rick case Honda on Western road and Griffin. Stop by the win our usual very low budget to him prizes there, but enjoy free pizza from pizza have a locate red front of a case. You know, I can take this thing now and I can Schmidt can it. Yeah, the schedule, right? And don't forget to mad dogs off today more power to him Joe Rose sitting in for the man dog the little dog will be on there. And he's going to have to go into Joe in the hall is a matter of fact. And what do you have to say he says that he's delighted that Moses started back up again. And that he's back on he's enjoying both shows more than ever before. It's a terrible. Did he really? Yeah. Always like that Joe Rose who says that most an asshole by the way, but that's just his opinion. You know who does he know he said you guys are under his skin like a chigger. I see Joe Rose said that. Hey, go over get Gulf Stream. Thanks to what he showed from out at the race track this afternoon. So you know he will not be paying an awful lot of attention. I'll three to six, 50 of you. Punching his brains out and then a 60 we got you. And against Rutgers baseball 10 o'clock. We got any K from GA and then two and seven overnight. It's ESPN radio. That's the agenda. Now there's several, you know, little things to, oh, that's right. Fudy and the beast and I want to set happening. When? Oh, that's right. March 26 on that live broadcast. I'm going to hook the beast up with this beauty for a love show with young lady or whoever shows up. Or some, you know, maybe the beast is. Huh? The beast and the beast is or maybe a real beauty we can have beauty in the beast. Wouldn't that be great? That's the name of the promotion. Let's say beauty for the beast promotion. Is there any chance? No, he'll take anything that's alive. Okay, in fact, if Dwight Lodderdale wants to loan beast and vicious body for that weekend, he'd be more than gentle to receptive it. Like I said, George and Little Beena Boyve, I'm going to bring you the next war of the Iraqi attack, Nestle, Conqm and the Assignment, of course, is listen, every minute of every day. Right, isn't that their homework assignment? Right. And we're going to be right on top of it. Every shot, every dead Iraqi, every dead scumbag will have a toy right here on QAM where we are ready to wait. Bye, bye, bye!