I can't care less than the all about their stupid greasy even though you want to make love doing Anyway, sorry is him and he is you want to do the Notre Dame freshman God is the ugly what's it a kids in Quinn it Notre Dame you want to do any Quinn yeah Home Brady Pat Quinn and Tom Brady's been winning for me lately too every week. Yeah, that was a turtle. Do you see that game? Yeah, I did that was all that was as bad as they come that was coma induces Did you see the centerfielder for the Mirones do it a really bad rap song yesterday to embarrass us all What's his name here this one peer I'll play for you I was asking for what his name was once one peer I want to listen to something right listen Who is that that was David Panthan I guess Delilah must have cut his hair off before he made the big Steve He's and she sounded like gully he thought oh, he sounded a lot prettier than gully He shared it that guy's not a like most new main man that guy sounded like he like preserved that guy. Yeah, you like the jam on it You have a rap song yet you are pathetic today Zach you are A deal can you play a fart or something a fart of some kind so I can give Zach an extra minute That is bad You don't have a second there it is you said an English there's our centerfielder singing rap No You You know it's even worse Every meal every single idiot and every single like let's just say color And Miami S.A thought that was a smash hit. Oh, yeah, that was the worst song That's worse than watching that adds a guy man The light crap I ever heard hey, so do you think the good news is the good news for us you live in a Palm Beach County right I live in Broward right molas in Palm Beach and Chris he's tired of that guy damn sneer It's in a little villa. I got a big house He at the point is we none of us have to worry about pain for the new stadium So I say let the people in the county building of stadium I say I'm called for it. Yeah, let them with anyway let them pay for it Hey, you know I came to do my show anymore watching all this section on telemundo Yeah, it's just out of control. I think look on playboy TV and put the audio on for a second, but it's I love that you know what I do now every day of my life Okay, oh, yeah Hey What's the line about David Sam's I give me some more of that I love that every morning I can't give you any more of that Why I have to dump it look at this. I don't have to jump enough crap on your show We don't want to start doing under my show How about this line from playmakers are you a fairy son and what was that thing? You just said a minute ago about how it's you and how it against the world. They're in the morning boy You sure have mellowed man. Oh, yeah, I'm a woman. Hey listen I'm a plump scared of death a beastly man. I just my goal every day Neil is to get out of here But kind of scary when you look up in the tree and see that little return with a banjo man It's good to get out of here every morning before ducks things is fangs into my neck Yeah, I mean, I think these guys control me like I like their little dog on a leash man a yank every time I do anything wrong I'm just kind of I'm in trouble so much I'm cutting deals behind their back. I'm done getting yelled at I'm Cut and feel because you know everybody else around here has their own rules and I got my own set of rules and you know it I mean it's simple. I know I'll do anything everybody else can do whatever you start yesterday You had me laughing so hard on my car. I drove up on the curb and ran over a little school girl about one That whole segment you did on asses What ass? I asked I talked to the ass Really have to get today's Wednesday. Don't what that mean ass Wednesday. It's the release of a scrims On myography. I'm not a pink and one of the stuff. I'm that hurt I'm a little husband and her living lover yells at me every day on the phone says I snap at her I can't listen I want you to sell staff not man. The only person I can trust is Jeff Hark Because he can't catch me. That's for damn sure he can't catch me. He moves so slow like when I go out with him I just leave a day early Hey, did you get me my better what Don't talk to me money man Honestly, we'll take well such a I need love man Because without you I have nothing here at this radio station if it wasn't for you I already have left well I'll be seeing you soon as a matter of fact real briefly when you come around in a few days Good. I love when you're here it pisses off everybody This is off. No big time. I'm gonna come in here early and just sit and sit in the bullpen and stare in there and watch him do you know we got here at this radio station There's a bunch of change smokers. I've never seen anything like that pit down there every morning at all They're pregnant women. They're smelly as it's giving me a pool table that I that's the most exciting thing I've heard around here in a while Yeah, have a nice day You too Scott It's called It is so freaking cold Welcome and I cringe every time the wind blows In my pants Something is shrinking I'm so cold. I can't lip-sing Let's be cause it's the rope And I cannot feel my toes There's a tingling in my fingers And my pride with parts of life Oh my nose He's about to fall There's a cloud Every time that I call And my hands are blue They are turning home They might have you dead in my thoughts Let's be cause it's the rope I can barely move my mouth I'm a red hot light in love But first I need to be the one out Yes, I need to be the one out That's because it's real I say, free home We were on the World Series Can a Smotsho that's our poll question for the star? In Rikazeera town in Toronto I'm much musically as I head in Rikaze for like two hours They should always make videos and they were counting down And then it about 10-30 or something like that He actually was in the much music studios And they just had hundreds and hundreds of screaming Moist emotional girls just dripping Oh girls Yes Well probably a few critiques too But all these teenage girls in young 20s Something girls most of them really Oh boy, poor kid looking And he sat there and I just thought to myself Man you got about as much chance to get in his eye Dude, none Although I'll be honest with you I don't have a better chance because at least he likes me Right? 1300 9 votes on yesterday's poll We won the World Series Get out of here David Don't get your hair cut that short again We won the World Series That is, that is just leaves me on the floor You know it? I'm not sure if I like that one better or the one where he says We did it If that don't sound like Harvey Firestein We did it Man, that's easy to go be a negative again Piano our parade nail Totally You're peeing on it You son of a bitch you you best you do negative to a guy What the hell's wrong with you man? Everybody's just And Michael Mayo you are such a suckhold man You are the silliest person I've ever met in my life Probably hanging out with Tom Jick at too much What an idiot What a simple in columny's gonna Oh well we'll leave all the talk of the stadium And fine as it We'll leave that for another day But in the meantime, let's just bask in the glory And then he's raving about the one peer thing And about all the other stuff Yeah come on When you cut the crap You're part of the problem Mike Mayo You don't realize it you're just two year Not a bad guy but you're too stupid to realize that you're part of the problem You're just another suckhold man It just wants to hop on a bad wagon Piano every you know Just pee right along with everybody else in a stereo As opposed to you know And then I love the thing in the sun settles mormy Before I get back to that poor result Brian greasy by the way said he yanked it He said his thumb is a bad cause he yanked it Actually says that right in the scum sent me He yanked it Where the hell is the story George Oh, no no I just before we get to that later on The plan for this new stadium in Dave County But reluctant which officials took pains to ensure was not being announced merely because of the euphoria surmounting the Marlon's championship That has to be one of the funniest lines That I'm the way it in my life We did it Took pains to ensure was not being announced merely because of the euphoria Surmounting the Marlon's championship No, it's just a coincidence don't you think? Sure, why not? Because We did it 1300 nine votes who should be the dolphin starting quarterback And I promise you that's as much sports I'll talk about the stadium thing Cause that's not a sports thing that's a dollar and something We'll talk a little bit about that plus the good news is today I went out and got another copy of a Michael Moore dude Where's my country and I've got some you know Actually if I did any reading like I was joking around reading that he'll rebook every day Any year if I read a book to the audience that would be a pubic service You know, yeah if you read that way Don't you think yeah Well, I'm gonna read a couple of passages there because I seized the bottom And I actually have the book because I want to quote direct that I want to like paraphrase Anyway I guess we have to do the break first and then we'll do the poor results See already he's already dragging it out and it's Wednesday Which means that's right that big one to two comedy bits are I'm no fool All the way did you look today. Hey, by the way Clarence. Thank you very much for getting booked you calling yesterday and also the big that would really have come special Oh, it went right out the window. Hey, what do you got for me? Nice going booed. That was a good line. You're the best. The Floridians dumb as dirty one the world's theory don't miss the premier of the latest spin off of TV's most popular who gonna show it's CSI 9-O-2-1-O Hi Brandon Could you like help me solve this like under the homicide? Okay, but only if you help me craft from my algebra fine Okay, CSI 9-O-2-1-O America's most famous forensic crime series meets America's most famous psychode I don't get it Dylan. It just doesn't make sense. What are you talking about Brandon? David Silver attempting to become a rapper And no, why was someone killed the owner of the peach bit after dark I don't know because they couldn't kill him in the morning Dylan Brenda I'm a scum If you want to see complex crimes solved by a bunch of kids who took 10 years to graduate from high school watch CSI 9-O-2-1-O Wednesdays right after law and order Melrose place edition We did it 10-18 at 5-60 WKU I'm 1325 votes in yesterday's pool who should be the often starting quarterback Brian Grease is 647 even though he jerked it and the herdestum doing it 647 48.7 48.8% I know give a Schmidt 249 18.8% Hey Neil enough sports you ass 182 13.7% J. Feeller 137.3% Which is about as good as you did all through the thing I think 10.4 is about as high as J. Gun Yeah, and I hate to dolphins 110 8.3% 8.8% Dispies that often which is very un-submit community like minded right? I voted for that un-patriotic That's right You got some day and there's a great cartoon By tools from the Washington Post it's on our website already right under the pool And it shows a firefighter in California and there's the hose on the ground he's reading the newspaper Might as well because the hoses are working do well one of the the homeowner I guess is running out with a look of terror on his face And the firefighters reading the newspaper that says on the front bush Iraq And he says the Santa and Winds are a sign of success that the fire was getting desperate And then there are like two little characters on the bottom on firefighter when some guys That says success is kind of a funny smell Yeah, like we're burning over here It's a brutal thing they're bringing California because of the voters what they did with arm Lumptonian that's what parrerovers in told me Because some people voted for gay Davis Tomorrow's the big ratings party and of course the public is invited to show up in temper of pines We'll be reading details on it a little bit later on. They'll be feeding everybody who shows up Just as part of our euphoria about the Marlins win a champine ship right right sure. Yeah. Those are not pionnes del mundo 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line And we don't want to get any more that negativity in here because I always get blamed for that It's the audience that's negative. I can't imagine how negative they'd be if the dolphins won the superbow Oh my god, can you imagine all the negative things they'd have to say then? Here's Miami win as this Yes, sir I'm in a river, not the offensive answer I'm in a river Can't understand a freaking word he's saying what we do One peer wrapping I think oh, is that what it was? I think so. Okay, I don't have a right thing and don't forget 560 pound 560 on the AT&T They're probably still in the bag most of the people in town after they tremendous the parades and a ticker take parade and one peer Rapid and yank in it and Bob greasy or Brian greasy yanked all of this stuff But I know the enthusiasm it's supposedly there. It's just not our audience. I guess we have the sour push to do you think that's what it is? No See, I think that because somebody we had a couple of calls yesterday very bitter really bitter people Billy it can about the fact that and of course it just happens to be true that every time something happens in Dave County It always turns into an ethnic thing if it catches my drip Oh, great, right is correct. Every time anything goes on the first of all the Hispanic politicians are come on a speak in some language Which doesn't happen to be English and then there's all this other stuff going on that really has little or nothing to do with What anybody else cares about? I just mentioned that in passing so we didn't have a few people kind of porked off about that And then even the George this morning made some kind of a comment about what nerve the people had brought ahead and that newer for connect the newer for They sure are Anglo's all they show are about to Anglo. Yeah, I think is some God damn there even David Samson was speaking English and Howard We did it all or I guess he must have been in Wilton manners when he said that don't you think? Welting letters We did it Oh my god talk about your hair the haircuts a little bit too tight And then I loved the one where he says we won the world series Get a good butterfly net to catch those run away. Yes, we won the world series. Oh, what is that all about what happened to her to him? Huh man poor David Samson. What I'm listening this morning and there's a mogul and out about my new main man David Samson You're such an asshole. I'm always unbelievable. I'm so lucky. I'm suck up He's just ages wants to be in the right and the thing about that 38,000 seat the roof stadium. What is that all about how they're gonna make money with 38,000 seats? You think are they? No, no, but it will get built by hook or by crook and one of the great can you imagine all the contractors that are rubbing their legs together right now? All of my orpinga percane is good personal buddies who do get all the franchises out there at the airport everything in Dave County is corrupt no matter what it is You have to know the right people you have to smear the right palm So I can just imagine right now what's gonna go on and build on that new stadium Maybe right next to Joe Carroyo's house. He's a tempest in a peepot Here's Miami. Hello Hello, yes, sir Are you gonna run to danger marine flea market again this year are we gonna do what? Are you gonna be a nasty over the danger marine flea market again next year? Yeah It is the guy with the watches in the mountains and the yeah, back. Oh that guy I'll see you then okay What the hell is he talking about You know I would watch isn't the lives in the maggots is that what he just said the day you've been working All right Two for two man were banned a thousand who says we're not having a great time 567 before we get to these pull out we'll hold that back for a little bit Because don't forget we got that big one to two are I can see this thing we got it looked already. You know it like a big look I like a salt lick. Now let's just leave them we got it looked Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello Hey, yeah, sir. They feel like Hello, I'm less than J. Feeleer. Yeah, they feel that some work for now. I got a question for a good thing to Sean Hannity I say During the day and there was they were talking about the Canadian health care and they said it's on average 25 weeks to go see a specialist Is that yeah, no, I think it's 35 567. Oh 560 everything here sucks you stay right where you are okay Everything here is really bad. It's terrible here. It's awful you'd hate it too many happy people walking around Here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir. I'm doing great. Hey 13 years now. The most in due right Today's the last day. Okay. I don't get you anymore. I really don't enjoy your program anymore Uh-huh Just thought I let you know. Oh, thanks for calling and love us and oh that you're not gonna be listening anymore. Okay. We'll see you tomorrow All right, am I quite yeah Oh, man. What a jerk. Oh, I'm not gonna be listening anymore. I guarantee you can bet Scott's life on it He'll be there tomorrow. I'm in fact. He's got a crank-up so loud right now I don't keep you anymore. Okay Bye bye. Have a great life. I was the cameo fetus don't beat the old me this 560560. I'm loving these calls. He's last a since I came back from vacation They've been really special. You know what? I know welcome. I'm liking it. I'm loving it Let's take I want to do a take like about 6,000 calls today I'm gonna even get to the Michael Moore book. I might have to say that to tomorrow Well, don't you think this is more important? Well, yeah, you know here's pop it. Oh, hello I don't nail Yeah, phony voice Reverend Jones, okay, so now we're still banned a thousand nice-gone Reverend Jones bad phony voice Here's a call from Boko. Maybe somebody speaks English hello Yes, sir. Yes, I knew yes, yeah, I just want to say the big boys for fat Okay, well, hey the batter up news flash. Yeah Maybe that's why that guy is saying we did it say 26 past 10 at 560 he didn't say we did it with but we can only imagine don't forget the screw-and book is out today One of the pink one on this thing get several copies for all your friends and kids 1026 if you am if your carpets are schmussy now. Who'd you tell me this account was was it Troy the boy? I think when I come down here I'm gonna have to get like screw-and-along me some of her wits and chains and look some of these bastards into shit They just aren't cutting a mustard at all man They might be cutting something out of the mustard ain't it if you want to have your carpets clean There's only one group of folks to be caught in because they're the best in the world dry concepts for over 20 years For like almost a lifetime they've been cleaning my carpets and doing an unbeatable job because of the only company in the world That dry clean your carpets which sucks out even the deepest down dirt way down in there Like you wouldn't believe it makes him look in smell and feel just like brand new and I dry concepts As you would chance to say 15% on your next carpet cleaning just call them toll free at their usual number 1-800-248-5071 and ask the folks to dry concepts to put your understand by list Then they'll call you next time they have an opening in their schedule just like when you fly stand by if you're available And they have an opening they'll not 15% off the regular price You can't be to with a stick they give your written guaranteed price up prop and pull what a job they do on your carpeting your Posture your drapery all of these things your oriental and the area rugs So call dry concepts today asking to put your understand by a list They might even have an opening for you on the same day that you call and you'll still get 15% off the already low price of the job Call toll free 1-800-248-5071 and tell them that used to be great neo-roggies told you to call but we can't stand them no more 1-800-248-5071 or check them out on the web at dryconcepts.com Thank you Shit, thank you very much shit. I did it I drove and it it K Davis I am the cover mother Thank you It's time to say Hospital of Easter to California's problems First of all, I like to find my worthy opponents Area the harping them Thank you. Thank you for making my silly accent some normal compared to your silly accent Clues bus demand day There's a place for you in my administration I need someone to mold a lot of the cover this mention And carry callmen there's a position for you in my cabinet You're my medicine cabinet You so tiny a bit stumbling in there get it Thank you. But seriously Seriously my first day in office Applied to announce some broad reaching initiatives That's right. I'll initiate a plan to reach out and touch a bunch of bras And lastly I Would like to thank my lovely white Maria She should serve as a role model for all Californians Tory my term as governor. Why are you getting screwed? Just lay there and tell me I'm doing a good job again Thank you Thank you Bye 32 60 Q a m How do that have I don't know that you must have been yeah must have been more than magic moments Anyway, I'm an Alexandria Virginia. Thank you so much for your pulse of Justin, but the only problem is it's a bad one Plus it's another sports thing see some of these people are trying to listen to a sports show and he answered No, then it could have happened enough of the dolphin stuff already. Okay, but dietary charged with billing for legless Los Angeles a federal grand jury is intended Los Angeles but died twist on fraud charges for billing medic here for procedures on patients that turn out to have No feet or to have been dead Prosecutors said Friday that Robert Ken Kassamatsu 41 used the names and numbers about a hundred Medicare beneficiaries Some of whom he had never seen to create in submit bogus plans turning more than 600 grand Between 1996 and 2000 he obtained Medicare information for the fraudulent bills from the nursing homes where sometimes soft patients He submitted bills for two foot services and about 40 Medicare recipients who had had one or both he'd Amputated and for 30 people who had died In some cases he treated one foot while claiming to have treated both feet. How do you like that? You put your left foot in you put your right foot Huh, how do you do that? The whole deal this is the last day. We're listening to you. We are really pissed off from fire up You know for the last two days well two days plus the first half hour today I have big I have pleaded. We're not exactly But I've been searching for like a little bit of that enthusiasm that allegedly is there in South Florida. Yeah, all this tremendous euphoria We hope yesterday hear from people who were like in the Tigritte parade calling under cell phone saying This is the greatest moment of our lives something good is finally happening here wasn't this great Nice school and boys, blah, blah, blah, blah, and they announced we're not gonna break up the team We're bringing back old Jack McKinot turns over in 10 next year and all this other good stuff and nothing all we get is the usual same crap because Nothing ever changes you can have some kind of cosmetic thing like all the hoop law yesterday But underneath when you scrape it away like scraping all the goddamn wax off the top of the Well, the thing you filter fish your filter fish. That's right all the gel jelly off the gulfilter fish It's for the same rotten white fish underneath. That's right the same mung Like when you scrape away that Lard on top of the chicken soup. What do they call that? That's the green of the fat The red of the fat when you put it in the refrigerator that layer of fat that scum is called reem Is it really yeah, it is look at when it down reaming out? Is that what it called a meme job? All right, away here's today's death report now. I don't want to be negative I'm just passing along some information too die as a US Abrams tank blown up ambush one seven Ukrainian soldiers Two American soldiers were killed and bagged at when their Abrams battle tank was damaged by resistance fighters US officials said today as the number of US soldiers killed him combat since major fighting ended top the wartime total in wartime It was one 13 and now it's one 15 since the president said Fighting is over. Oh, I see And you also said that now the fact that they're killing a lot more people is really good because it means that we're really pissed at him off Right we're getting to them also just as kind of a sidebar Truck bomb exploded near a police station in Falugia Yes, do they have to know and killing at least four people? They have to multiple car bombings and bagged it left about three dozen dead The blast on least shrapnel and fire across the crowded intersection near the city central market blowing apart two pedestrians and setting several cars on fire But Neil can't we hear about the good things that are happening in Baghdad and all of Iraq right Let's hear a lot more about the good things, okay? Please here's today's poll question and we did one and I see I'm trying to be positive We did one last week or whatever it held was before my vacation two weeks ago about the committee knew think was the least funny right Lainest well how about something positive for a change? What do you say? Oh, positive which current committee and you think is the funniest? I got a sure list here of seven George Carlin Max Kinkle which we don't know who that is, but remember somebody called that in yeah Max Kinkle. I don't know who that is Chris rock Robin Williams I put some other ones on here Leslie Neil sin Mike Myers and Jim Kury There's last three by the way all Canadian A and believe me. It's thanks here. It's terrible George Carlin Max Kinkle Chris rock Robin Williams. Let's then use Mike Myers Jim Kury and of course you'll add some others as time goes on Brian greasy he's a committee and he said he jerked it The 567 05 60 pound 560 on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line like I said our goal today is to think about 3000 calls don't you think sure we can do it sure Here's pepper pie and hello Beck it wish the touch the man is for the real series The bonus for the real series Jersey Gaki stop so carry here's Ilamorata hello Hello, how are you okay sir? I just want to comment on something you just said before this is a phony child. I grew up here I am not kind of gaming three years. I'm very happy that they won All these people are out there Most have never been to a game That's the answer I listen I don't really want to pee on anybody's parade literally you're figured it out But but the fact of the matter is you're right and I've been seen this for a long time and it's never gonna change 99% of those people are just bandwagon jepers In fact 90% of them didn't even go to the playoff world series game did just people I'm not like Just reach out and grab the branch ring and say hey I did this you know they have nothing but we want who was that that's David Samson No, he I didn't say that you said that He saw the Kirby first in on a bad day I'm not gonna call the one now's I'm announcing I've been listening for a long time 13 years, but I goodbye Okay, hey good luck to you okay? Don't take any wood knickles. Oh, I know 20 dollar bills that you pink ones everything is pink down They're counterfeiting those already the ones that were supposed to be counterproof it in fact it would surprise me if the mayor is a son Is working on it right now trying to figure that out here's one of us a Robert says read the story in a son sent it again It was Filer who said he ain't did not greasy. Oh, was Filer yanked it? Filer was referred with no no no no no. That's not the story at all. Okay, Robert. This must be Robert Greeper Filer was referred with knee during pregame warmups on Monday night. Oh, this was about greasy's Thum which there's still not sure and depending on how his thumb is in feedlers knee and uh at his Thum are hanging greasy is a greasy thumb Shoulder you go so Robert don't be correct to me. I make a lot of mistakes believe me I'm well aware of that, but that wasn't one of them. I read it with my own three eyes. Okay Deal emerging for $325 $0.00 Marlon stadium in date county and that's just the The facility not the land so we're talking probably a half a minute dollars Good luck to you. Okay. I say that all these front-running phones who are in a parade yesterday or now got their Their Tilt T-shirts and all their caps in their parapherf and in it let's have them pay for what do you say? What's their answer? You know what's the price? Let the product or merchandise pay for it. Right all you people out there just line right up the people that were lined up there to buy tickets for the world Serious and a playoff all you people now it's your turn to line up and start fork it over some cash To build that $325 million A site yet to be determined under circumstances yet to be determined with contractors yet to be chosen personally by Mayor Pinguah Picania so that he can grease the palms and they can grease his the old greasy monster He jerked it in fact he's jerking a whole county around and they love it they enjoy it and they count he has a greasy Tom and they love a roll Martina isn't every one of those other gangsters and they kind of they absolutely love it 1040 24 11 at 560 WM and by the way roll Martinez quick picking on our buddy Hank Upper my sterola, you notice for a fact I can still run away pretty fast Big news how that potty xgmc is just in vote of the number one potty xgmc theater-windade county and customer satisfaction See there's something really outstanding a date county and that's it how that potty xgmc and Tom women's your creator Want to thank all the world customers for their support right now take advantage of these great kneel deals On over 60 gmc on voice and on-boy excelsin stock By an on-boy at hell at first little is 24,998 you heard correct on voice and on-boy excels for his little as 24,998 save up to five grand with combined discounts and rebates or get you zero percent interest like in Recases zero and of course halts also got as the hamper over 35 years by far in a way the best selection of certified dependable pre-owned Cars trust us you've easy could do that but your life on it bet Scott's life on it And if you're worried about a few blemishes on your credit report have no fear because how it is here They'll work with you like feverishly to make sure they can cut you a deal So look for the great kneel deals today and every day at halts potty xgmc 13401 South-dixie highway that's on US one across from the falls with a bin for a lifetime open every day seven days away If you want more info on these special deals called the Neil Rogers kneel deal hotline tool free and one Triple eight how come you don't get my name in the spot a little bit more come on time you can do it one triple eight five three four 42 11 that's one triple eight five three four 42 11 don't forget all our presented credit approval see the folks in halts for the tails and halts potty xgmc who shot from the rooftops We did it and also we are professional great Aiming To make it We did it We Dit When you get jobs at Will but some trains all in That's what you call me Let's go home. Yes. Yes. We run time over all the dinner now. Four. Three. Unless you tell us to go for dawn and energy. Lift up. This is ground control to make your home. You're too bold. Twenty three, seventy. One, two, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, four. And that's how home you got to come and kick it off. Yeah. Let me show the back door. Yeah. This is the major home to come and fall. I got a few complaints. How the headlights force the feet to one turn so far. You can't even forget to give me a present for you, who? What is? Why you don't give me my surprise, kid? How must I play it? To put on some meat again. One point. This is gonna be a real bad fight. You left out my pork fry, ladies. Twenty three, two, three. It's a 1047 and 560 poor Jessica Lynch man. She's really taken up the old shoot. You know what? She is? A journey to the hometown of Jessica Lynch by the Iraqi lawyer who helped the 3D on American soldier ended an embarrassment for all concern when she snubbed him. Miss Lynch portrayed as a heroine of our times for a courage while a prisoner of war was too busy to receive the visitor, her family's lawyer said. Her savior, Muhammad al-Rahif, was outwardly understanding of her failure to appear during his trip. I know she had a very difficult time and her back and she takes rest, he said. However, Mr. Al-Rahif was been guaranteed granted the solemn and the U.S. for fear of revenge attacks at Iraq was reported to be disappointed by her failure to meet him on his visit to Palace Stein, West Virginia. The Lynch's lawyer Stephen Goodwin, who's not too crazy about them Palestinians, denied that rivalry between the 20 year old former soldier and Iraqi benefactor of a competing media project, was to blame for her absence. Absolutely not he said. Absolutely. This Lens' book I'm a soldier too, the foot of a gigantic publishing deal will be released next month and a countdown to a first TV interview until each time is already begun. But she's been beaten into print beer, Mr. Al-Rahif whose own work because each life as precious was published earlier this month than Yadi Adi Adi Adi, and a part of the history. So as usual she just ain't what the portrayal of the be but nevertheless, the American public life being lied due to get used to it. Okay, which current comedian you think is the funniest will be building this list I think I hope. It's Chris Rock 12 out of 30. What? That's what I voted for. Leslie Nielsen 5, I voted for less. Robert Williams 5, Mike Myers 2, Max Kinkldon, have any wind and Jim Carries, that I'm there yet for some reason I haven't figured out yet. Because there are such George Wires the list. Did you send him the list? I thought I did. Here's a call from Avintura, hello. Hey, Nielsen. Yes sir. I'm a photographer with two good buddies at Bar and Lyme with Mr. L. Al-Rahif, I'm running Lyme. What is it? I said I'm a study portfolio for all of the young who have written you real good this morning. About one. All they're saying that all you do is talk about a Toronto weather and just basically rip in your so good. Good, good luck to him. Okay, keep talking about his poll in young Ron. First of all, I don't talk about Toronto weather all the way. It's going to be pretty nice next few days. We got spring and fall coming back again. Going to be sunny like 50 or two today and it's going to be sunny in the low 60s. I don't talk about Toronto weather. You ask, hold some bite away. We still got gigantic ratings. See, you can try desperately poll in young Ron. You think that would all the stuff that's going on in town. Since they're always sucking along your sucking rich Sanchez's big fat pimple he asks and they're sucking on everything they can grab on to. You think that's what they'd be talking about. But again, they're obsessed with. Yeah, good. Use you and more power to him. Okay, just keep just tell my name right. That's all I ask because we're still kicking ass. Even with a little Georgia on for about half of the summer, we still kick the ass. Okay, Georgia takes all that all the lumps from all the malcontents. Oh, George's dope along on the air. George sucks and George couldn't do this. I don't know. And the main time we still had the highest ratings on the station and we still pick everybody's ass. And believe you, when I was on that station, Paul and old Ron, we had real gigantic numbers on Zeta. Not the kind of a mediocre numbers. You know, they do good. They do okay. But not the kind of humongous ask kicking beating everybody in the world numbers that we had. And we had a whole lot of competition back in those days. That's just how it's sperm. We're like, I have for dozen like major shows on here in those days as opposed to like one real competitor on the FM band. You had Joey Reddolls on against you. Hey, how can you beat that? That's right. Talk about stiff competition. Can't get stiffered now. I am that hemorrhage out of here. And by the way, quit talking about Rod Roddy Baddies dead. You idiot. 560560. What a bunch of overgrown children we got himself for. Here's a spy report. Job Paul and young Ron were talking bad about you. Neil, they said, but you talk about Toronto weather. See, that's what they're jealous of because probably both of them would like to be doing a show from any place. So, Florida, like maybe a real civilized place and begin to pay gigantic humongous bucks for it and getting big ratings. They're no one that everybody in town is listening to your show, which they're probably listening right now. And by the way, we're quit being a liar, Ron, or Paul, whatever it heard your name is. Casting old balls. Oh, yeah, I ran into Neil at the saw grass yesterday. And remember that? Yeah. Just haven't seen this man in years. Oh, it's speaking of that one I did see. It was at a panther game many years ago back in the old Miami arena. And that reminds me, I wanted to mention that because I see I live through the phony this and I've Tom back. Then. Remember those days? Oh, how could I forget everybody had the panther flags in a car. These were people who wouldn't know a hockey puck if you stuck a dozen of them up there as. And everybody was a big fan. And we loved a panther. It's really hot. The bezier, the geese and of course, you know, and they managed. And then, of course, Wayne's looking to everybody to build the building. Because we know that one thing about sports owners, they never ever lie to the public. Make no mistake about that. They always tell us the truth. And I'm going to tell you something right now. And you can mark it. Yeah. Mark this. You have a broad Connie would change their mind and decide they want to build this for some. Aha. I will not play here. Right. Because I will not have you guys. Looking at me for the next 10 years. And here's the guy that said one thing and went out and did something else. I have only one thing to say to you, Wayne. What are freaking liar? Parkmark bald headed liar. Snookered, but brow account and of course, we're all wrapped up in the euphoria of the moment. Big gigantic thing. And then we had to stir a couple of weeks ago, brow account and make an peanuts from that facility. It's all going into somebody else's pocket. What an initial question. Which the team has already been sold. And all that so called euphoria. Since they've been in New Building Scott, how many times have they made the playoffs in the six years? No. Once. Once. Twice in the old building in Miami. Oh, one great year. And then once against New Jersey in this and the board got swept out in forestry. Faster than you can say, douchebag. Faster than you can say, Wayne's a douchebag and nobody in town knows a crap. And you go to those games. Thanks to me in the free tickets. You see, there's, you know, marginal crowds. Yeah. Most of the time, if nothing else is going on. Yes. Right. That's right. If there's nothing else going on and there's marginal crowd. If something else is going on, there's nobody there. And when they're there, they're not watching the game anyway. And when they're there, they don't understand again. They don't know who the players are. They're there is no interest in hockey in South Florida. And yet we had that one year and it's exactly the same thing. It's busy wall over again. I'm not trying. I said all along. We were dirt in the Marlon one. I said it's good for the community. I'm happy for nice job. You know, all this other stuff. But just keep it in perspective. You don't have to like get all his steric of. Oh, now what can we do for you? Let's go to your stadium. Let's give you all our money. You know, this is in Dave County where a lot of the kids don't have textbooks to take home from school. And all this bullcraft that you people speak about. Oh, we care about education. No, you don't. The American public doesn't give a flying fig about education and don't ever forget it. Okay. That's why there's so many morons running around. That's why we got a bozo for president. That's why you look at the politicians that everybody's always bitching about. Who the hell put them in their first place in the way elections that weren't fixed? Do we ever have any of those? Well, if we would have had any. Like me or Pinga Picania and Joe Carrillo and Miseir Swar. The same tired old names over it over it over again. Dave County man in the olden days like on a beach and had to be some old Jew that was running for office. Or else, of course, now it's got to be somebody with a Z on the other name. D as Gonzalez a Swar as easy. Yeah. Easy. Does it. Solid takes. But how about Alex Gonzalez for a governor of the world? Yeah, there you go. What I call that we're playing by Dave Ann boring. Seriously, that goes to show you the QM we have no shame. How could we play those lowlights? You know, I'm sure many of those really great calls which boogus in Sation. But why are we playing those Dave Ann boring calls? Is that one that we just played before that three run home run by Ann Carinassion? That was, uh, Los Compionas del Mundo. Yeah, bad. Yeah. Wasn't that pathetic? Uh. I mean, we're talking about to play off. Maybe the second round, the road to the world serious right there in Rigglyfield. And it was kind of like maybe somebody poked him in the ass with like a kind of adult pin. Not a sharp one. Just kind of adult pin, a dull one. Ever get poked in the ass with a dull one? Here's Boka, hello. Hello Neil. This is I'm objecting you with. Yeah, okay. I'm a bad, full new voice. I'll go put it back in your pants. I'll, here's Compino. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Was that punch? Yes. Here's the punch. Here's the punch. That was punch. Here's four peers, hello. Hey, Neil. Keep it in my favor. How about those good old mile and pants? Not like up in the round to quite New York or Graysieven. Yeah, go back to that. Okay. Go back to a round of quite. All these Rochesterians. The only good thing about Rochester was Victor Derves and Donovan Boughs. And that was it. End of right wings and the amyrex. Don's Sherry and the amyrex and Brock O'Horvatt don't start with that hockey top, Mr. If you know what's good for. Okay. Okay. 10. I said five 60. I'm loving these calls. Do we have any new names for our poll? No, it's all right. Which current committee do you think is the funniest? We got a lot of votes on there already. Chris rock 20, George Carl and 20, 20, 20, 20, 20 as she says the illiterate one. Robin Williams 10. She's not a little rich. He's just the what do you call it? Retarded. Yeah. Mike Myers eight Leslie. The Ellsson six Jim Curry three and Max. Cankel. Who is Max? Cankel. I have somebody stuck this into putting that on there. It's plain to me who it was. I don't know who that is. And evidently he was anybody else. Something I do know horse racing fans. They're doing it at Pompano Park. They're open for their 40th anniversary season. Almost right now as I speak. The track features top class, nighttime horse racing and high stakes poker. There's a new post time is 705 for the harness races. And the poker room is open from noon till midnight every live racing day like today. Pompano Park currently is open every Wednesday Friday and Saturday for live racing. And of course, they're open every day of your life seven days week. They end nights for the best in sample casting. Harness, door bread and high-lifting from all across North America. We to watch in Wageron including from Mohawk and Woodbind here in Toronto where the weather is currently cloudy. And it's about 58. And don't forget that general park and admission are always free at Pompano Park. New this season is a 20% increase in Pursas. A night at the giveaway of a $400 betting voucher and a revamped free power play. Our player rewards program that gives you points for either betting the horses or playing poker that you can redeem for special gifts and betting vouchers. Let me say it again free program. And every Wednesday and it is a dollar night for draft beer, hot dog sodas and much more. Every Friday night in October is CSK tonight with free prize-drunk for fans age 18 and older to win. One of 10 Pursas on the CSScape. Pompano Park where all of these things and lots more go on. Fertwiches plunge in his guts up. You'll find him on a block south Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the race schedule of the Samlcast in schedule. Call 9-5-4-9-7-2-2000 or you can go online and check it out at pompanopark.com. Pompano Park where Brian Sears is God. Come on, I'm lost. This is Portugal by 60. We're in a new way. I don't have a clue. I don't have a clue. What a royal meal. I'll go so thinking about this elastic thing. San, fun, warm, warm, warm, warm. I'll think about plus, flim, for me, what I know are. When I help my sheep, I try, I'll never, not to think of them. I don't want to think about these things, for me, always remember stop. I'll also think about human waste, yeah, you're in places. And, who? It's disgusting. I can't get through a nail. You're bothers me, I ain't the eye. I'll try that one, but I don't know. Hey, I'll wish him to mind when I am in trouble. Being someone, someone. I'll think about plus, flim, I've always been crazy on that. I'm not sure if I can get a new one. This is amazing. The fact that you did something, I just did the search on Max Kinko to try to figure out who the hell he was. He was a DJ at CKLW, and that's, so this is from the wrong freaking bowl. Remember that bowl? I'm not your favorite whole time DJ. Maybe you did some balls on this bowl. No. I've seen that on my working worldwide web. I've picked this facts up off the machines. His Tucker says, just for the record, Max Kinko is or was, a mediocre DJ, not a comedian. Used to be on K-A, what is it? Oh, K-Rock. K-Rock. That's a Howard station. K-Rock in New York City, where they had the classic rock format. Also was on CKLW in Detroit, Windsor. P.S. Mark David's, more David Samston all the time. What does that mean? They like that drop, I think. Do they like to drop? We did it! They like that one better, or do they like silly Samston? We won the World Series. Oh man. We won the World Series. Oh. Seriously, you could trap those right away. S. is in a butterfly and put him in a bottle. Probably we were with a lot of money someday. There you go. Be a negative again. They'll pick it on poor David Samston. He's going to keep the manager. He's going to keep the team in tech. This isn't 1997. What a bullden that is, huh? You even have to look at your calendar. 560, 0.560, 0.560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless. Oh, wine. Wow. What was that? Right in stride there. It was a beautiful night. And you want to know why? We won the World Series. That's why. Because I'm so, yeah, more of you. 4-in gas. Stuff like that. Here's a call from Miami. When was this? Hello. Yes. Are you doing? No. Okay. Oh, no. That's him again. So he tried start with something else. But then he went, how are you doing? I'm not going to talk to you ever again. What you're just saying? And that was him, right? I would. He would never listen again. Yeah. Let's swap him for the guy that had been listening for 13 years. Allegedly. Who says he's never going to listen again? Allegedly. Let's make a deal right there. Okay. Let's get money hauled immediately to think. And let's do a swap and take the radio away from both of them. Right. And now take the phones away from both of them. Yeah. 560, 0.560, 0.560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. We're not getting any new names for our list. That's fine. You talk about whatever you want. We don't really need any new names for a list. I think we have a fine list right there. And if they want to add some names, that's okay. But like I told you because it's a positive thing. Oh, let's see. Here we go. Here's the facts that you're just set. Albert Brooks. Got him down. And Brian Reagan. Now I have no idea. And remember, Reagan and the other exorcist. Reagan. Yeah. Remember Ronnie Reagan said that he was the anti-Christ. That was kind of amusing. Who's Brian Reagan? And how about Billy Crystal? Yeah. Come on. Put him on there. He's got to kind of old and worn out. He's still kind of a music. John, please. Now we're talking now. We're getting some names on the facts machine. Because the colors are got important stuff to do. Like, you know, show their ass. So we got John, please. And I wish I knew who to help Billy Reagan was. Do you know? No. Scott? Yes. Who's a Brian Reagan? Yeah. Brian Reagan. Who is he? So let's get those on list. He's a comedian. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60, on the eight. And it is 11, 0, 5 in a morning. It's the middle of the week. All the festivities from yesterday are over. All the dilly dallying. All the excuses are in the behind at this point. Right. So how come the lovely McGell doesn't have any more information about our abandoned pet rescue? And about what's going on? I'm telling you, you talk about we are being sandbag. That's the word that I'm looking to use. We are being sandbag. Is he giving you a new number? No. I haven't seen it yet today. Any more information? Huh? Any more idea about any like events that we have coming up like van hits stuff like that? No. No. No. Now see we have it because it's not a sports thing. So it's not important enough at QM. They don't want to do this. You're right. I'm like IOD where we actually used to get some assistance from the other people on the year and then with their own CDs. We used to really have a major something we could be proud of. Fundraiser kind of a thing that we really cared about it. This station doesn't care. They just don't give a flying crap. The solution to part of it. So don't it? Unless it's associated with some of these golf tournament, they don't give a crap about to anything about raising money for any kind of a good cause. They just don't care. They may put on a good act for it. They don't even do it that way. They don't put on any kind of an act with us. Because they just don't care enough to send it very best or worse to anything else. They're just indifferent. They just don't want to win in here. Just like Clarence pretending that he didn't hear me hang up on Bug twice yesterday. And Bug loved it by the way. You're indeed. See Bug is one of those people he gets it. Unlike some of the people even though they've been there for a year and a half and I still don't get it. That's a lot. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Here's a call from Coconut Grove. Hello. Good morning, sir. Yes. I want you this morning. Okay. What can we do for you three? Do you know George Collinant? No. That's what he. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I was left in George Carl in before they popped your sorry ass out of your mother's womb. Idiot. You ever see him? You ever see this? No, but he comes into appearances and lurks and then reads it. Oh, for it's but he doesn't show himself. If you think he's annoying on a phone, you ought to see it in person. It is something. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hello, God. Yes, sir. How about Gilbert Gottfried? Gilbert Gottfried. He's still alive? Yeah, he's still going. Damn it. Okay. Thanks. He's okay. Do you like him? Well, I like those out-flight commercials. Yeah. He's all right. That's about his, uh, he's got going. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Which correct comedian do you think is the funniest somebody you actually like? I know that's the out of your character. 102 votes. Here's somebody we don't like. Appreciate you, gentlemen. Yeah. Okay. Chris Rock 33. George Carl in 31. But what you have 17, Mike Myers 9, Leslie Nielsen 7, which is obviously the correct answer. Oh, now he's got eight. Jim Curry 7. And no vote. Well, take Max Kinkhal off it. Or please, Eric, take Max Kinkhal off it. I was, I was, uh, somebody's bad. Probably mine. John, please, and Billy Crystal have none. They just went on there at moments ago. And what about Brian there, uh, greasy? He's pretty funny. First of all, he can't get up every time he falls down, you know? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT. See, the one thing about the American public is they love being volgemented. That's why they love bush so much. They love being volgemented. All that's certain to change a little bit because there's a little bit too much volgemented. And too many innocent people dying. All over the place. Pound so many pounds of it. Right. That's right. I mean, you know, volgemented is okay, but once you're starting to drown in it, once once the aroma starts getting up to your nostrils and up to your earlobes, then it starts going to be a little bit kind of heavy duty. I get it. Here. With a dump. Oh, no. Let's go home. That was unfelivable, man. That was almost as good as anthrax. Yeah, almost. Oh. Thank you, W. Let's take a call from Pompano, hello. And it'll, I think, Jim Carrey. Yeah. And I got a question for you. I've already Canadian. We don't talk Canadian stuff, okay. This is a software to show. This probably won't appall's boyfriend's. Ringer. Just fine. 560, 0.560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Horizon Marlesa. They wouldn't let most of you people in the Canada. All right. Maybe Quebec. I doubt it. Here's a call from a four-laterdale. Hello. New God. Yes, sir. You play him a lot, but didn't Larry have to be on your list. Then is Larry, excellent. But there's another guy. He's a young guy. And actually with the high school with him. He had a show on HBO called Mr. Show with Bob and Dave. It's named David Cross. If he hadn't been turned on to him, he is right up through alley. He's even got a little too far out there for me. But he's good. He's great. Okay. Let's get him on. Thanks a lot, Pally. Thank you. Keep it up. Have a great day. Not too long, Dennis. We don't have a Dennis Larry. It's a good one. Here's a fact. It said, now this isn't the guy again. It's facts twice on Monday. Yeah, it is. J.M. Oh, Jesus Christ Almighty. Look at how long this thing is. Man. On Monday, I sent you a fact concerning whether QM to return the broadcast. Right to the wrong games. You're nice enough to read him, but still feel the most likely. Next year's game. Yeah, I see. I hate to break the news, do you, sir? But the fact of the matter is that we had the broadcast rights for one or maybe two more years. Asked parents who wasn't sure, but at least one more season. So next year's games will not be on 940, even though it claims to be a loyal QM listener. Probably another one of Paul's boyfriend. What occurred yesterday during the parade is only up to validate my opinion. At 530, it was the book, Amber Broadcast. One couldn't help but hear other than the morning show duo from 103.5. I'm seeing the thing, a yati, a yati, a yati, where was QM? See, I hate to break the news to you. They've already got the contract. J.M. So I'm delighted that you're so concerned. You're so worried about the future of our relationship with the Florida Marlins. But we already have under contract. If Muff was doing his job, he'd come running in there right now and say, We got him under contract for two more scenes or whatever it is. If Muff was on top of things. Maybe he's important. He's eating a lot of eggs with parents right now. Then it goes down to say, it wouldn't be whoov the QM promotion department to kick all those clear channel folks and right in the nuts and put a real person out of who knows something about baseball for rail on that stage. The whole scene was to go, see, we didn't want to be associated with it too much. We don't want to be because most of our people speaking were sick, so for the big five six 705 60 pound five 60 in addition to which who wants to be, we already got me on the year, which is more than enough, you know what I'm saying? It's a sport. There's one. Too many people running around saying, we did it like that. That Harvey Firestein approached the baseball. We don't like that on QM. We like more manly kind of stuff. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Let me tell you about a fabulous place to take your feet. Probably good idea to take the rest of you two and that's Brandy Shoes and Pompeno Beach. They've been doing it right. This is their 25th anniversary in business in South Florida and you can imagine during that time how many every year how many shoestors come and go. At least probably hundreds during that period of time 25 years. But Brandy's is going stronger than ever because you can't beat him with a stick all the way around. They've got the best selection of the top names in the shoe business. They've got rock ports, echo is Mufisto, Timberland Park's floor shine. S.A.S. all the brands you know and love and want. And they have a wide range of sizes, men size 6 to 15. Can you imagine a guy with a size 15 shoe? No. Chocking by the way, smallville tonight. And women's five to 12 and whits from the very narrow to the very big fat and wide. Beware of women with big fat feet. And don't forget their professional sales staff will sit with you and give you a personal fitting to make sure you get a perfect fit every time with over 40,000 parents stock. And their gigantic 8,000 square foot mega store, you can vet Scott's life on it. They're going to have exactly what you're looking for on your feet when you parade out of that store. Brandy's shoe is a great place to take your feet for shoes. They're at 1290. North Federal Highway in Papua, Beach, open daily 9 to 9 Monday through Saturday. And every Sunday 10 to 5 and all this week. They've 20% off on all men's and women's famous brand, boat shoes. G.A. was shooted on that and tap it a boat parade. Don't you think? At least. And the other two as well, the bottom. Names like Spirory, Timeline Sabagore, Rockports and Dexter, 20% off all men's and women's famous brands this week at Brandy's shoe. So hop into the store of visit them on a web at Brandy's shoes.com. My life and local. This is Fort Real My 64th. You win 2 a.m. Hey, was trapped in ice. Still the top of pole. And lived in a flight signal as box. Now, master illusion is David Lane faces his greatest challenge ever. Come on, man. I got to get in there. Here's David Lane on the can. Cracked. Alone in the claustrophobic confines of the downstairs half bath near the laundry room. Dave, aren't really? Need to get in there, man. David Lane on the can. With only a glass of metamusyl, unearly empty roll of sharmun, and a five month old sportsy illustrated. Dave, come on, dude. The turtle is poking his head out. Don't miss the exciting conclusion of David Lane on the can. When David finally emerges from his fortress of the cometer. Oh, years, man. You know, come think of it. I don't have to go that bad too late. David Lane on the can. It might be a pile of don, but it's still better than all his other pointless stunts. George gives real nervous when the turtle starts poking its head out like that. 100 and some odd votes, which current comedian do you think is the funniest? 137. George Carlon 45. Here's a fact is how about Danny Carby, right? Is he on your yet? Yes. Go. Not on there. George Carlon 45. Chris Rock 41. Robin Williams 20. Mike Myers 10. Leslie Nelson 9. Jim Carrey 9. Max headroom John police three and Billy Crystal don't have any. Wow. Wow. They've turned on him. Remember what used to be to hot thing? Sure. That was 100 years ago though. That was only not 100. Not that for a pastor accused of a salt given two month paid leave. The pastor of a Houston's largest churches was given a two month paid leave of absence in the wake of allegations. He sexually assaulted the 37 year old man. Members who packed Brett Wood Baptist Church during a readily scheduled quarterly church business meeting Monday night approved a two month absence for Pastor Joe Samuel Ratley 53. There was overwhelming support for the pastor by the church said Paul Jefferson Business Administrator for the 12,000 member church. Ratley pretended the church meeting. He promised to come back stronger and even more committed to ministry than ever. Arnold Blake alleged in lawsuit filed on August that the pastor was sold in ratless office after a service honoring recruitment in February Blake sued both the church and ratley for an unsplosed amount of money. These suitors since been resolved parties for both sides said no terms disclosed. Campbell acknowledged that television broadcast of an audio tape with the pastor talking with Blake with improper language disturb members. Yoddy. Yoddy. Well there you go. Another one in good men of the cloth they have a temper too. Right. They're entitled to have a little tantrum now and in. Sure. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and we got them. And you know what those numbers yet? No, I haven't seen them. He's really slipping. He used to be on our side now. He's just turned on us to the entire radio station just in the run because it's not a sports thing like I said. Right. Margaret Joe. Margaret Joe. Sure. She's pot for some reason. She is. Yeah. Well Cynthia and Miami says put around here. No. Margaret Joe. Let's get Margaret Joe on a list. Kind of get some different names on there. Alright. Mm. Five to see if it was negative we get a bigger response. But there are still all whipped up about that parade yesterday. Aren't they? No. Now you're a tier. You got thousands of people lined up. Line up. Oh, how about Polka Brian? That's good. But he's not a comedian per se. He's like, yeah, what we call. He's a satrist. He's a satrist. Very good. He's a satrist who likes a good trist. How do you know? Jim says how about Polka Brian. What you got a good point Jim. Polka Brian is highly underappreciated. Not by us. But by some of the people out there radio and clean up one neurotic nutcase that calls us every now and all. Polka Brian sucks. She kind of disappeared that guy didn't he? Yeah, I think about it at Jiu's. Oh, if I got a great line for that. But I don't think I'll use it tomorrow. Deal emerging for $325 million. Marlon's stating in Miami Day. This is in the Wisconsin list morning. And of course, coming is no surprise to anyone. As thousands of Marlon fans tiered. Yes. When Miami City Commissioner Joe Sanchez and other got it with the name that ends in a Z, held up a sign at Bayfront Park meeting. If we build it when you come, they'd count the officials with developing what they hope will be the first piece of financing for new ballpark for the World Series champions. Los Campiones del Mundo. What I said, those compiones? Whatever. And they say right. Oppo, yamos. Oppo, yamos, Los Campiones. Del, you're as del, are. Del, are. On Tuesday night, ours after three Marlon victory parades, Dave County Mayor Alice Pinga Picania County manager George Burgess, several County commissioners in Marlon's president David Samson with a without Delilah said, I announced the county. We did it. We did it. We did it. We did it. Oh, calm down. Announced that the county intends to pledge $73 million, which had by a lot of textbooks, by the way, in combination of county hotel bed and sports of facilities taxes toward a 38,000 seat retractable roof stadium. And I'm going to say it again. 38,000 seats to me is ludicrous, but I'm, hey, I'm all for it because it's in Dave County. I'm not going to come out against it. I'm all for it. Not that I have any power anyway, but I'm just on you. Hey, have a good time. We got our big, soon to be white elephant or brown elephant or whatever you want to call it and Broward in the course you already got to Miami Arena sitting there empty as all crap. Any sports teams planted in Miami arena that I don't know about yet Scott? No, no. The funding pledges will come for a vote before County commissioners at their board meeting next Tuesday is contingent on the Marlon's contributing $137 million in covering any stadium cost overruns as long as the deal can be finalized by March for a teen. Not that they're putting a bonus rush on this, you do understand that. It's already like just about November and by March 15. The plan and business a $325 million ballpark somewhere in Miami. Officials set aside hasn't been determined. Somewhere, somehow somewhere. You know, maybe here, maybe over there, maybe down here to open in 2007. The construction figure does not include the land. Doesn't include the land. Even so, the County and team commitment that up to only 210 million and officials say they expect a final panel to include help from the city of Miami and the state. Obviously, that leaves a gap. Pinga Piccadio said, we don't have answers and how to fill that gap today. I'll be very honest. This is only the beginning of first step. Yeah, you'll be honest. That's the first time. County officials praised the Marlon's for making such a commitment, which is mainly a pledge of future stadium revenues and working to come up with the deal that's fair to the team and the community. Major League Baseball was happy too. Commissioner Budsceleg was ecstatic, which of course that should make an nervous right there. And there's the paragraph again that just makes me want to puke my guts out. But the plan which officials took pains to ensure was not being announced merely because of the euphoria surrounding the Marlon's championship was already ruffling some who wanted where the rest of the money will come from. And why Pinga Piccadio felt compelled of an ounce of yield before all the details, especially the thorny issue of the ballpark's location have even been worked out. That's what it is. Right. They weren't talking about it just because they were capitalizing strike and while the air was hot as the old saying go, no, they wouldn't do that would they. Yeah, you better sweet as they were. As again, they try to shove it down your throat and as always happens sooner or later. And Dave County, they finally buckle under and say yes, even when they have an election. They said they want to say yes because if they vote, no, it means yes, if they vote right. You know, like in the metro rail. I'm going to say it again for the eight minutes. I'm not that anybody there gives a flying crap because most of the people are already gone. They've already left or they're dead. But that metro rail vote was fixed. There is no question in my mind that that was a bogus vote. That thing was losing hands down your pants and all of a sudden when those late returns came in from home. Stay. What a definitely what a metro rail. Sure. Anywhere near there doesn't go within 20 miles of homes that all those votes come in from way away. We down the under and they said, yeah, let's have that metro rail. So we can get everybody down there to shorties for some good ribs and we can get for some barbecue. And we can get over to highly or nobody wants to go that other way. The industrial park. Right. Anyhow many people ride the metro rail this week? There you go. And they're still paying for it. Just like they're still paying for the freaking Miami arena. So why not have another stadium just have on every street corner. Other stadium and other arena. You know, every time I play that wing thing, I was saying this to you before the show this morning. All these spoiled rich sports owners. Well, I'm not going to play there anyway because you don't want to do what I want you to. Like a bunch of plexulate little children under their billions of dollars. Oh man. Well, you know, I'd like to take about 40 pounds of Kalman who are and just rub your ball spot with it for about an hour. Probably an improvement. 26 past 11 at 5, 60 WQM when you see McRister is advertising a 50% off sale. Is it a trick or a treat? Have they inflated the regular price to give a false impression of savings? Do they just have one piece to sell it to sell price? And then once it's gone, try to get you to buy a full price, we'll be in S. Vaten Switch. The mattress industry is loaded with phony claims and shell games. That's why you're the talk to the people we know and trust and low. Dilemactors give a call 1 800 mattress. No false promises. No bait and swish. Just this compresses every day in the brand names. You know and trust. Now including students of an Anis Foster. Anis sales practices and fantastic unbeatable service. Keep Dilemactors ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction. And you'll agree once you make that call 1 800 mattress. In fact, we're getting a mattress for a Ferrari. Don't talk to us and folks about that. Would you play? Would you get the balls rolling on it? Because he'd like to get his balls rolling on his new a Dilemactor. Roll him now. And then you'll pick today in time for delivery. Any two are window seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. What's convenient when you're going to be home and guess what? They actually show up under supposed to. I've been sleeping on a mattress from these folks for years and my back is probably along with my bottom of my the palms of my feet are the only good part. Is that what they call them? The palms of your feet? Sure. What an evolves in my hands. The soul would low prices same day delivery. If we set up our move. It's easy to see why Dilemactors is ranked number one in the world. Like I said in customer satisfaction. So please do yourself a favor. Don't get sucked in by those phony ads from your mattress. Showrooms or furnisher stores. They can't match what you get every day from Dilemactors. Pick up that phone right now and call tool free 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTRES or check them out online at mattress.com. My local V6 is 560. The radio's on your phone. P-O-A-M. They'll rotters as right the cubs. We did it! We did it! We did it! We did it! We did it! Yes, it's true. We are not friends. And yet we're touring once again. Because Paul's so low album's taste. And there's nothing in our piggy bank. That's why they're willing both of us on stage. Despite our age. To make the sounds of senior. We broke up in the 70's. And now we're nearly 70. Our old boy is no longer bland. And we are both wearing depends. And we want out the slightest idea of what we've played. You'll hear me gaze. To catch the sounds of seniors. It's still us who peace come back stage. But they all smell like vendingue. Most of them got in the show for free. Thanks to the discounts from ARP. And when we come back on stage to give you the encore. We're gonna snore. We did it! Because that's the sound of seniors. And though we didn't look at you. 11.32.5.60. WM and here's the schedule for today. We have no mad dog. What is this story with him? He never come back. I don't think so. He's on a schedule for tomorrow. Thank goodness. Because we got the big two to four today. They better not overdo that man. Oh, there's a good poll question. Who'd you rather hear filling in the big old Joseph Gackie? Or would you rather like bust your lady with a ball-peen hammer? I'm very angry. I'm very angry. I'm very angry. He's going to be filling the gap. Hank is back from a four to six three to seven known for a tough two and a half hours on it. He's back in the things I was going on. And then we got the six thirty to seven a panther preview. Any interest? Randy Moller, the team mascot clown. He'll be on there probably. Who's on panther preview? Do we have just him? I don't know. His jugs on there. That's right. You are don't pay any attention. Panthers at the flyers to play Phil Pothelfi in the night. He hated red and flyers at seven. Any candidly game in June, Mark, overnight two to five. It's really nice having Moll back. Absolutely. Isn't it? Yes, sure. Whatever. And so we can come on there and say, my new main man, David, the Samson, all those other crap. You're such a suck-old man. A real old, craggy suck-old. Have you heard of Dave Chappell? He's got a show on Comedy Central. You heard him? Dave Chappell? Yeah. He belongs on these up. Is he into a Sally Chappell? Sure. On that worst comedy comedian. Okay. Okay. I'm stuck about the radio. Okay. Here's another list. How about, well, let's not waste any time. Because I'm got a new notice. I just found a new poll. I don't like this poll. I'll talk about it. It's too positive. This audience said, no, that is this audience. So, for this, they don't cut into that too much. Remember Joseph Cotton? Uh-huh. How about Andrew Dice Clay? What do you say? I mean, he's like, kind of, pass-a, but put him on. Hey, he's doing those commercials. That's right. Something like he's about 400 years old. Mark Lucey Annie. Is he, is he kind of a Susan Kuchi Kuchi, Susan Lucey? Lucky Lucey Annie. I see. You know who that is? Susan Lucey? Oh, and David the Chappell, Chappell. No, no. Andrew Dice Clay's good enough. On a three-in-tat. Okay. Here's the second poll, which we'll put up around Nunes. Okay. No, we'll do the final result on this one, which nobody cares about. They don't care about good comedies. It's only like vent on our website every day. Baaaaa! Like that. Don't forget it. It is Wednesday. Scroans autobiographies out today. A lot of dirt about QAM over the last several years. How long has she been there? You think long time? About 30 minutes. Probably. She's done even a janitor in that place on bet. You think? She could probably draw your picture of what it looks like. Rick? At any rate, a screw-ins autobiography. One in the pink and one in the stink is available at better newsstands in your U-today and bookstores in a plain brown wrapper. You're like it. By three or four copies, some for the kids. Speaking of great books, seriously. Michael Moore, a dude wears my country. I'm going to read a little bit from that later on. I'm seriously thinking, although I'm not going to do it. Because then I get a Q. He's doing periodicals on audio again and the audience hated that. You know, everyone here is somebody reading on the ear. What's this? Everything. Yeah, that's true. But it certainly is a book that you people ought to be reading. Why did you just facts back to me my pool again? Oh, you know, all the time. Like that. I guess that turtle peeked at the shadow of the out of its shell again. That's not the arrow. Okay, so dirt gets really nervous and goosey when it happens. Here's the next pool we're going to do today. Oh, I see this is going to piss off those people who say yesterday. Hey, Neil, too much sports. But this isn't about sports. It's about scholars and common sense. It's about whether you've taken leave of your senses. It's about getting raped. It's about whether you're going to get the community wants to get raped at it again. Now, would they're close on? Who should pay for a new stadium for the Marlins? That's pool question number two going up at noon. Only the team owners, the suckers in Dade, only people who don't speak English, only the people who go to the games or no stadium, no way Jose. Five choices there. Do I leave anything out? Got it. Scott Sharp. Scott Sharp? Yeah, he'll pay for it. Okay. Yeah, let them play in the ODC. Answering the music for question. What does Don and his Scott Sharp? And of course, the answer to that. No, no. Who should pay for new stadium for the Marlins? Only the team owners, the suckers in Dade, only people who don't speak English, which they may be a little cross over there. Only the people who go to the games and no stadium, no way Jose. See this business of taxpayers having to subsidize something for a very small tiny, a segment of the community. That to me is absolutely unacceptable. No matter how much it is, especially in a community that's like the major city Miami, which is always an average of bankruptcy. Well, you got public schools with not textbook, where the roads are always like a piece of crap. They can ever find an, of course, the responses. Oh, but Neil, this is different money. This is the hotel tax and the bed tax. Yeah. And the thumb tax. And the excuse. Well, how about like, again, together since they do other, these other things behind closed doors and pasties resolutions and the finagle of the set of crap. How about past the resolution saying, oh, I guess what? We just decided to transfer that kind of money to pay for the budget deficits for all the other important stuff that's going on in our town as opposed to a bunch of crap. Man, and then this, I hate to say it, but this radio station is the epitome of what's wrong with South Florida, at least a part of it. Too much. That's right. Life is more than just. Paul games and hockey games and football games and basketball games and the college games and just. I'm on and on. There's got to be seven more than that. Cribbage. Yeah, that's right. I think I'm going to put the goddamn leaf game on here's metaphor. This is a pro. Oh, it's not on that. Are you interviewing a David Ellard for the 45th time? How are you doing, Dave? By the way, it's all over. Did you last a fucking last time? It was on the age. Which kind of I'm a guy? No, it's not. My. I'm not going to pull you. Okay. Good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. It's a horizon, where the slimes don't wait for that number from Miguel. Here's a call from Pompano. Hello. Yeah, no. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm an efficient figure. Yes. Lenny Bruce. Lenny Bruce is today's comedian. How many years ago did he die? I heard him. Not here, pal. The poll was which current comedian you think is the funniest? How about George Burns? Okay. How about Charlie Chaplin? Huh? Right. How about WC Fields? Bob Hope? How about just heading for the water in the WC? I'm taking a big dump like a president. What do you say? Something about doing your duty? Dumpen. Chris Rocks got 62 George Carlin's right on his hands with 60. Robin, a million of 31. Mike Meyers 13 Leslie Nielsen, 12 Jim Curie 12. After that, it's nothing. John, please, forward David. Well, why is David Chipel on there? Oh, look, come on there. What difference did he make? I said I told you already said it along. Billy Chris, little two. I thought you said you put him on the worst list. I did that too. 198 votes so far on his some argyle poll. Look at the other one up there. Look, he's got two votes. That's what I just said. He's got two votes. He's the best man. He's a panic. Oh, yeah. Just his name. Just a just thinking of that chapel. What is that? What's wrong with chapel ain't that good enough? No. 20 till noon at 5. 60 W to QA. Remember the Vixie cups crying at the in the chapel? Yeah. I just mentioned that in passing was on a yellow label. I can see right now. Crying in the chapel. One to two hour today is going to be spectacular. We're going to put together a lot of really heavy duty. Crap, trust me what I tell you. Hey, speaking of wild stuff. Imagine this. Imagine zero closing costs. Zero application fee. Zero credit bureau fees. Zero discounted points. It's the last mortgage you'll ever be needing. It's the revolutionary only one mortgage from our friends at the natural group. Now with an amazingly low rate interest rate of 1.95% which means on a 200,000-dollar loan your payments are a mere 738 bucks a month. Once you be finance you'll get new home mortgage from financial group. You'll never pay closing costs again. Call 1-800-940 land. Grab real financing power that low mortgage rate you can move on to your next property without further cost expense. Only one mortgage from financial group is what it's all about. Call 1-800-940 land for the sales. It's a whole new way to buy. Zero underwriting fee. Zero dock fee. Zero prepim and penalty. Zero closing costs even when you moved to another property. So get yourself financing. It's just 1.95% and don't forget. Never pay closing costs again. Call financial group today and get all the sales call toll free. 1-800-940 land and please be sure to tell that Todd Dreck told you to call. 1-800-940-L-E-N-D equal housing lender, Critter restrictions apply. Rate subject to change monthly 5.19-APR. A-P-R. A-P-R. A-P-R. A-P-R. A-P-R. A-P-R. A-P-R. A-P-R. A-P-R. A-P-R. A-P-R. A-P-R. A-P-R. A-P-R. A-P-R. A-P-R. Ow! And now, fairy sing about it and is brand new CD. Can't smell without you. With fracture versions of a fairy's hits like Konfkek gonna. I brought mine from my banana. And now it's the size of a banana. As well as the renauscared and really nasally version of Mandy. Recording that the moment of impact. Okay, man! techno is hits the wall now it's taken. But that's not all. Not all. Barry Mannellos can't snow without you. Is swollen with it? You nose and love. Like, I break the shnuzz. I made it through the pain. Looks like I broke it. And a title track with Barry's trademark book. You know I can't snow without you. I can't breathe without you. I can't skip and I can't pick. It looks like my face was shaking with a prick. Barry Mannellos can't snow without you. It's walking to a Walmart. And pick up a copy, Tanya. Oh, damn well. I'm getting scoens book. I got a great pull for tomorrow, but I don't want to get that yet. What it is. Okay. Just have a great idea. Anyway, Rabbi's back is really guard pigs. From the BBC. An organization Israel has gained rabbinical approval of trained pigs to guard Jewish settlements in the West Bank. And by the way, some settlements are growing like crazy. You know what I said? I just mentioned it in passing. Until now Jewish settlements have been guarded by men with guns and also by guard dogs, but a new idea, guard pigs has been thrown up by an organization called the Hebrew Battalion. Oh, hey! The man in charge, Kuthe Ben Yakaov and Sisticez, a serious proposal, pigs sense his smell as far more developed than that of dogs he said. The pigs will also be able to identify weapons from huge distances and welcome to the direction of the terrorists there by pointing him out. Moreover, this animal is considered to be dangerous by Islam and according to the Muslim faith, the terrorist who touches a pig is not eligible for those 70 virgins in heaven. Well, a 30? Not even that. Only one or two, and that's like an alternate Mondays. See you got to have something with a real sense of nose because you got to know if it's like a real Palestinian or maybe like a Pakistani or maybe an Indian type of one. Under Jewish law, the pig is seen as an unclean animal. Almost a Ben Yakaov, Yakaov, has had a sea special approval from rabbis in order to begin training his hope for a legion of guard pigs. It's clear that in cases like this, the band that was imposed on raising pigs in light of Israel doesn't apply, sedangual shiloh of the Yesha rabbinical council. BBC Middle East correspondent James Reynolds says that some settlers had dismissed the idea, spares from this nonsense once settlers spokesman told the BBC that we'll never happen. That's what these spokesman said. It'll never happen. Peruvial pursuits, not just bathroom humor. Lawrenceville, Georgia. Few people enjoy bathroom humor as much as Mary Fraser long. In fact, the 71-year-old retired school teacher often gets phone calls from strangers, looking to share a few dirty jokes to their own. That's because long has spent almost 20 years collecting photos, stories, jokes, and interesting information about outhouses, which are fast becoming a thing of the past. She ought to head for Hallendale, you know what? Probably find Sunny Rosenberg prompting an at one right there on Hallendale Beach Boulevard. Enjoy that game. The first thing people tear down when they're moving up is the privy. By the 19, hot 90s, the refuel left in Guinnett County, she said, in 1984, long or husband Dean Published a book called Old Georgia privies, I don't even, I don't even heard that word. Did you? Of course. Are you privy to that information? Certainly. Old Georgia privies with photos of Georgian outhouses accompanied by pertinent poems and songs. When she retired a decade later, the Lawrenceville resident began lecturing around the state to civic clubs and church groups. She doughnuts, bees from her talk titled, Privial Persuits, and prophets from booksells to scholarship funds. She's also documented presidential privies, historic privies, ancient privies, and European privies. At a German castle, she learned that the outhouse opened out of a motel, making motel more dangerous than we ever thought she said. Long said she's learned more about outhouses than she ever wanted to know, offers this sage advice. Don't ever cite your privy under an apple tree because all those apples dropping on you will break your concentration. Oh, man, if you e-coupled me, I'll probably break a lot of wind too. Very gaseous. Here's a fact that, oh, look at this Miguel finally again with it. By the time you idiot, all of her, they must have worked him over. He was all red. You're in probably worked him over, man. If she wants to stop, Pana, why does he file a sex discrimination suit against that nasty bitch? That way she did pity Lenny, I still can't believe that. I'm trying to envision it. Talk about out wouldn't old oak tree. He's like a red wood tree, you know? Just reasoning? Like a lobster. Like like the red lobster. See him get his claws on Dorine the Queen. Lobster claws. 36,535. That's enough to better make some progress. A nice van hit for our best in the Elmerch and Nice for a van at Perrescu will be 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. at Ding and Vett Solutions. Ding, do you know what? Think about them. Look at them. The Southwest corner of Luzune and US one. The Grand Prix stuff like the South Texas. Although he made a typo. It's the South East corner come to find out. I see. Fizzing. Okay. I just the South East corner of Luzune. I'm going to have to send Boko Brian to get his car fixed after the car wash guys thank you. Did he really? What's car wash guy? ours here at station. Really? Then the dark-complexed car wash guys. The ones and only sounds like a racial thing to me. They will be shooting his car. Schedule for the rest of the week and who's just 36,535. So we'll be close to 40 out of the month. They ended the month as like three days two days away. You know what I mean like two the weekend will be creeping toward the forty thousand. So we'll only take three dogs this year. Yeah and where's the checks from all my good. Can pay for this there in the building. Oh, you see your laugh and I don't find it amusing at all. What are you going to do? Because we got some people there. We got for a round making some big bucks. Where's his check? We are more you even more. Not that he's going to give us any more cash but. At least he already made his contribution. That's right. He made his contribution. Just and it's felt like crap. All the crap you could unwrap. Okay, come down. But we got the more Howard David Keychain. So he's done his part. Scott for well nothing. Mad dog nothing. The hump or nothing which really shocks the lot of me. Eddie came up and so far was every year. Eddie K. was just a great guy. Has always have to stop nothing. Joe and Mark. They can afford a bit. Joe's parents coughed up and I check right. Right. So what what more could you want except maybe some of these people. Where a period came through with a check and Adam and sales. How about that boy he come up with a check. How about time drag. How about Troy Stratford with Steve Law commission on my account. Oh, nothing. How about the way it should give us a piece of that. You've advanced. She got from the book. Oh, she gives everybody also piece and that advance fake police used in Bush visit. Public servants were deliberately dressed up as police officers. The bolster numbers during the visit to Canberra president George W. Bush has been revealed. Ha ha ha. As F.A. 18 Hornets and helicopters buzzed overhead, bureaucrat switch rolls to be part of the nation's biggest security blints armed with nothing more than pans and water bottles. In a major embarrassment for authorities it's been revealed almost one and nine of the police decided to protect the world's most powerful man last week. Actually was a civilian. They were deployed various places including the launch US embassy and parliament house. The acts acting deputy chief police officer commander Mandy Newton yesterday admitted 46 unswore members the Australian federal police were on duty during the 21 hour visit. That's okay. We think you're not okay. 5. 6. 705. 60. On the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Chris Rock 72 George Carlin 71. They're like heads and shoulders of everybody else. Robert Williams 35 Mike Myers 15 Jim Curry 15 Lesvineelson only 13 shame on you. On the 26th, Dave's lap four Billy Crystal 2. Then a car beat to Dennis Lury one Albert Brooks one Margaret chose that one zero for Gilbert Godfrey and deservedly so David cross none and Andrew Dice Clay. None. He's 100 years old and if you're those spots believe you may 150 easy. Here's a call from plantation. Hello. All in on. 18. Okay. Great. I'm real excited about it. 705.60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line for Lauderdale. Hello. Here it's up and how we handle. Okay. Great. That was on the last list. 505. I'm forget about the list. The list we're taking it down here in noon. We got a couple of minutes. Let's get into the meter the matter. Okay. Let's talk about the fact that they got their hand in your pocket already. I want to fleece you and put take money out of your pocket and build a freaking new stadium because they want to seize upon a moment even though they lie through their teeth about that. Let's talk about important things. Let me take some time and read some passages from the Michael Moore book. Dude wears my freaking country instead of talking to a bunch of bozos every day. I don't care what anybody says. I don't care what Tom jicka says. I don't care what Mufflinzy says or Greg Freak and read or anybody else. Clarence of course, who doesn't know his ass from my elbow. Those days were like pre-moman. I love them. There was some heavy duty good stuff and just because a little ball headed schmuck like Tom jicka didn't appreciate it. And how can he keep in touch with us? And keep his finger on the pulse. A man who writes about God damn network TV shows that have 99% of nothing to with South Florida. Even though one's at a supposedly about Miami. And he's given me his jets a song in advance. Tommy and idiot. And by the way, nice article on the ratings to him and Kevin Bastard. Here's plantation. Hello. Fitzrock. What is it? Fitzrock. Fitzrock. Fitzrock. Yes. Mufflin. Mufflin. About? About? 560, 50560, pound 560, got the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. What's up, didn't you? How are you doing? Okay. Here's a quick tip for the Marlin's day news. Gotta go. Here's the call from Bokeh. Hello. Yeah, I'm here. Yes, sir. He was caught away. No, we're not putting it. Forget about it. He caught away. Marconway, 20. And don't forget, it's only make believe. In case you haven't already figured that out. Here's the final totals on this comedian, Paul, which I apologize to myself for doing this. 246 votes, pretty lame, but why not? Which current comedian do you think is the funniest Chris Rock 74 George Callon 72? Robert Williams 37, Mike Myers 16, Jim Carrey 15, Leslie Nielsen 13, everybody else real small tiny taters. What do they call as little tiny taters? I don't start. 1156 and 560 W.C. You can't speak as something good to eat and pop in your post. How about trying the Knors? Now, back when I was a kid about 100 years ago in Rochester, we had places called Don and Bob's and Vick and Rers and there was the other one. Nick Tahoe's places like that. Everybody loved them because everything was fresh and delicious and they had all kinds of special ingredients that they used in them. Vick and Rers has been around since way back in 1934 and the one in South Florida now who could news for you is right on federal highway. South of Bard, Boulevard and the tunnel on the east side. Vick and Rers is a flashback in time to what great restaurants used to be before is these prefabricated fast food joints. Go and enjoy a burger hot dog served hot fresh and fast and a good news for is that Vick and Rers in South Florida is being brought to you by the same folks who bring you another place you love cheaper for cheaper and they use the same fresh 100% ground chuck meat as cheaper for cheaper. They are for an incredible big quarter pound hot dog which I guarantee for many of you will be the biggest piece of meat you ever put in your mouth for some. Well, makes Vick and Rers different from anybody else is that all their burgers and dogs are served with Vick's signature meat sauce poured on top giving you an amazing combination of flavors in your mouth. It will be doing like a little dance, a horror in your post. If you want something else try the great breakfast menu. I'm Let's Cook the Order French toast pancakes, all your favorite side dishes. If you want a really great fresh meal, this is the place Vick and Rers and understand why it was so popular in Rochester and everywhere else too. Vick and Rers on federal highway just south of Bard, Boulevard and the tunnel on the east side and be sure and tell that old Neil Rogers sent you by. And now I am home, this is betweenht where you guys are. Go Mr Boos, and I'll be visiting you at Del Gue Stanis I'll paddle, stick them on fire, I'll paddle. So it won't be easy. The plan in more attacks, of those long ribs, not all this smoking crack. I've got a funny feeling that won't be too inject. If we take out all those maniacs, so I'm singing out paddle. I'll paddle, I'll swore them tight, about paddle. I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle. I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle. I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle. We won the World Series. I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle. I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle. I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle. I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle. I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle, I'll paddle eh? I'd expect this thing will be necessary for preparations I live in Broward. I mean they have these closed door meetings government in the Pitch darkness and That's the way things work. I think maybe the mayor's ought to pay for it. Mani D. as a mayor Pink of the canyon. Raul Martinez. Let them pay for the goddamn stadium. How do you like that? Let all the crooked politicians. They're gonna get enough grath anyway. They should be able to build you one hell of a stadium Forget about 38,000 seats. How about turning around? How about 83,000 seats? You have a new stadium for the Hurcunes, huh? See what I'm saying? Makes sense to me. Let them pay for it. All those greedy bastards all those crooks. That's what you got in Dave County man running that county. I'll butt you crooks You've got the no-speakeningly mafia running Dave County make no mistake about it And if you don't believe me, talk to any of the people. Has ever tried to get a Anything going out to the airport? Uh-oh, remember that one guy sure. We'd practically gonna kill him so I don't or something Greece to write palms man 560 5050 5060 pound five 60 on a AT&T and you know the hero does this big expose about all the old cost overruns In the graph to the all the crap at the airport and then that's the end of it. That's it. Now one Anybody go to jail for it? Oh anybody get like impeached recalled? No There, you know we called Jay Davis because California's on fire. They like Arnold because he's got a big one But other than that all look quite frankly. You don't look like it's that big on our website Not a relationship to the or you know when you see the size of the right you know what I'm saying maybe it was cold I don't know. I don't want to touch it. It's cold cut here is my me hello Yes, sir The abandoned bitch You're still going on Yeah What is he what? I wasn't gonna flood that we don't know about everyone's underwater Oh, I see I want you that's it hurts. All right just calm down Arnold I couldn't understand what you said call center real phone okay maybe we can do something for Why does Nicole abandoned per rescue Right you heard more than I did obviously No, but seriously yeah these people that you're talking about why did they call them? What are they hockin with me? 560 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line 36535 that makes me want to cry But again, you know it's a tough year for charity nobody's got two nickels to rub together How's the market doing? I think it's not too bad that after their big day yesterday down into this big floating world Yeah, but it's like almost even Steven the Dow's down 2.67 and the Nasdaq's up down 6.11 Small potatoes meaningless as they continue with this phony baloney and the meantime everybody's in a panic about Where's the next job gonna come from and where the next 50 cent gonna come from my Scott He don't know he hasn't got an idea. That's right Here's the call from Kendall hello Yes, sir Sure, listen you still doing the Paul the comedian no 567.0560 pound five 60 on a AT&T line here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir. How you doing today? I'm still doing pretty good just like I told the last guy Great great. I got a picture for about the stadium. Why? Yeah, if you hold it like every other big business Go to a bank and take out a loan with the stadium people alone later on down the line you mean like Joe Robbie did to build pp park Get out perhaps Ask them as David Samson They said a big enough for the money. I mean do like every other business Because they get the rest of them. They take it out from the bank for the first time if you want to if you want to open up a restaurant You don't go to the public in hold a press conference and say we'd like to build you the greatest steakhouse the history mankind But we want you to pay for it to build it Exactly Many jazz need to just wake up real at it. It's not the people just do like every big business So I take out a loan because you know what they pay it off over time Amen. Thank you sir or not as the case maybe they know you know what I should they take the chance You know Jeffrey Luria by the way is gonna very Checkered past the people in Montreal heat of like poison and they're still are like some minority Fingers in the pot in the Jeffrey Luria's background from Montreal But don't forget Yeah But yeah you you watch they'll get suckered in and the media will code Conspirer just like Mike Mayo Mike you ought to hang your head and shame that article this morning was pathetic I mean, there's nothing wrong with being excited and enthusiastic and covering a little bit of that But also let's keep it perspective Don't just say all well we'll talk about the other things down the road when they're trying to ram around and down the public's throat right now What I iron is hot and People of Miami beats the public is in so what they're forming at the mouth because Says the announcement yesterday was driven by the Simmer for his deadline Which requires that if County hotel vet taxes were not pushed with stadium by that date the county would need to pay Mommy beach 50 million dollars of those taxes upgrade the city's convention center Which is his city's election day This is not the best use of this money. He said it should be going to the convention center So what they're gonna do is rob Peter to pay Paul The city of Miami and states rules have yet to be defined although with thought that Miami will be responsible for securing the land Among locations being considered the old Miami or winner. Oh that's a good one that'd be a great location 30,000 people won't But land needed around the site could be your costly to acquire. What I could always buy up Camilla's house And the far less desirable city on land next to the orange bull Build it and they won't come you mark my words man if they really believe that people from Palm Beach County and Center North Broward are gonna come down the orange bull They are dreaming For your average pedestrian earlier midseason kind of meaningless gain no chance in your pants none Zero zip but he do the I'm telling you right now And if they really believe the people in Dave County all those people are out there carrying on yesterday Those cup of yon is the lundo all that crap. I put you must your ass If they think that they're gonna be showing up there for your regular season games and like subsidizing and supporting any more than they ever did before Guess what But I like I said go for it have a good time Please the public again, man because in South Florida public loves being raped to that that's why I'm low I don't know what he's so indignant about people in South Florida love just drop it in doors and bending right over Spread in her cheek back to him 57 votes who should pay for a new state in front of Marlins only the team owners 24 no stadium no way Jose 13 the suckers in day 10 only people who don't speak English 9 And only the people who go to the games one Seriously if I wanted to open up any kind of a commercial enterprise since it is private enterprise Come on, I'll put up a newspaper so I'll open up our restaurant. I want up a bowling alley And I held a press conference and I said well, you know, it's gonna cost a lot of money and we need your help It's gonna be a great facility and good for the community and then of course we got assholes like Mo Howard David It's going on oh what you don't want to be in a community without baseball see Johnny come lately Guess what some of us have been in South Florida long before there was ever any Marlins or Panthers any of that stuff and you know what everything was just fine It was the same but animal joint that it is now only things were even a little bit better quite then yeah, but without baseball Be blessed. Oh, that's right 12 minutes passed now in fact one they just call up the Vatican maybe the Pope can make some kind of a special deal I've been looking at like another Vatican banking scan. Let's call up our friends at a mobile array Yeah, what's wrong with that huh Mom From it's passed no in its five 60 WQM one of the by the way George was told me before the show that while I was on vacation Of course it wouldn't make any difference because I'm out there most of the time anyway. Thank God, but During my vacation gold co-seafood grill brought in some food some lunch. Yes, they did and said that it was not good It was sensational was unbelievably good So it continues like I said to be a secret unless you find out about it from us and you go there and enjoy it yourself Which I hope you will the gold co-seafood grill just celebrated there when you're anniversary and got three and a half stars from the mighty picky Sun Sentinel show time dining review the gold co-seafood grill's got all kinds of great stuff like mango plum salmon I'm encrusted my he may he orange honey glazed sea bass and crab and shrimp stuff trout There's an incredible bar atmosphere inside the joint with extensive wine and Martinez big humongous Martinez during happy are only five and a half bucks from four to seven p.m every day seven days a week the gold co-seafood grill You're fighting in crawl springs 2752 North University drive inside the beautiful walk shopping center call nine five four two five five fish For reservations and more information if you can die inside or outside and large parties and private functions are always welcome to So why not experience the best kept secret lunch and dinner dining which you're said was so good It was almost of scene the gold co-seafood grill and cross brings at 2752 North University drive inside the walk shopping center The gold co-seafood grill where you'll always find great unbeatable seafood at great prices It's gonna life Second There's nothing inside it Every You're the f*** But straight ahead, yeah, that's a draw more way Cause they wouldn't have a wedding day He grabbed the flight to Vegas He hit all those crimp clothes Don't go with them and you're spashing We're given men elected, he was silent And a freaking cup Pins and vines to the box And she went for lunch A screaming lady, all in that she drove away Cause they wouldn't have a wedding day From the time they met in just me She had no head and bit her phone Well, I'm the same in Chile The couple was touchy, really But the whole it wasn't big damn home But no head to go, you's next to a call Bans and vines to the bunch Rectown Rectown She went up and nuts Scraping in the yard And she drove away Cause they wouldn't have a wedding day From my teeth, I love the way that one And just like that, like somebody chopped it right off With a mallet 12.19 at 5.60 Nobody came, we got the big Coming up for the man dog at 2 When the hell is the man dog coming back It says on a schedule he'll be back tomorrow But I'm getting a little bit concerned Who should pay for new stadium for the Marlons And you know something I did leave something off here Obviously, how about the taxpayers? Oh, that's right That's what they want And not just the date county taxpayers Because we're talking about state funds Involving the face You see how grotesque this is This is the same governor He says he's got devious plans And I realize we're only talking about a few million here And a few million there But we can't, you know, even though the public already voted on the class Assize amendment We can't do that because it's got to cost us a lot of money So we don't have money for education Or for anything to do with the state of Florida Because we don't have any lobby for young people for kids All we have is the grey, whatever it is Other grey panters, all the old parts Which is why they're still driving around and getting their licenses We knew in the mail for six years Even if they're deaf dumb and blind, it all will be above Because Florida is owned by a bunch of crooks And old parts, the dead people run the state And a bunch of religious Bible-tumping y'all Which is why you got no casino either Which is why it's dead as a freaking door nail Which is why yesterday was such like an aberration Hey, it's wonderful. Here's something exciting going on I was going to say here's something exciting going on That isn't just another ethnic festival But At least that till after 430 Who should pay for the state and put them are? Let's get that on there, Eric and I apologize I never leave you alone for the rest of the day We're just like working him too hard, you know Well, well, what? It's good for him That's right. Little extra time. I can't hear it. Little elbow grease. Just grease it up for it 45 people say only the team owners out of the 101 The suckers in day 21 That's fine with me No stadium, no way who say 18 Only people who don't speak English 14 And only the people who go to the game street But we got to get the taxpayers on there Okay, because that's what they want I mean, they'll put up some And of course what they're putting up is not out of pocket That's coming from if come, you know, revenue is in the future From future revenues 5605 I'm telling you, I love that Doing that business that way, don't you? Absolutely Yeah, build me a restaurant and I'm going to pay you back The 50 million that you're going to cost and build in the 3 million Out of future profits It'll be good for the economy. I'll be providing jobs Right, and the food is going to be delicious And what's not to lie? We'll have a pretty facade on the front of the world Right, it's going to be a spruce up the hood What the hell is not to lie? Free parking? No, sorry. Here's the call for my email Hey Neil, what's up? Yes sir I just figured how they're going to do it And it's so smart me if I'm not a funny Neil Yeah What they're going to do the only reason they need a vote is Bond, issue or raising taxes They're going to find the service that they know The voters would approve a bond issue for Take money out of that, build the stadium Then when they don't have enough money for that service They're going to go to the public and say, hey, we need a bond This year to get kids schoolbooks Now they're never going to get that thing They don't care about whether they have kids schoolbooks Don't you understand nobody cares about that in the economy No, but for an example, they'll just use something as an excuse Saying, hey, we don't have the money for this service We need to vote on a bond issue And of course everybody is going to say yes to give the cops more money Or football cops on the street Any one who's that money to build a stadium Let's say they're going to rob Peter to pay for it Slow on the marginal unit This is going to be an inner Feynman I'll put it in the rst bull That was good, I like it We should have put that on tape. Instead of a mirror pinker per game He's laughing now He's laughing now, but probably gonna be crying and come 2007 when he sees his tax bill. 560, 560, pound 560 on the end. I say let's just get all of millionaires and billionaires and bill them all whatever they want. A stadium and arena and outhouse, what whatever they like. Come on. See Mercon, I've been way, let's go. Don't be asking any questions. Now it's just like all this business in Iraq. Don't be by 80's in video here. Don't be worried about this stuff. It's worth it. Don't worry about the fact that the guy they've infrastructures going to hell in a hand basket. In the fact that there really isn't any guy they have online security. Don't be concerned about these things. Don't be concerned that we haven't found Osama, Yamamo, or Mullah, or any of these people are certainly not Sodom and Gamora. Although it was, it is comforting to know that at least David Sampton did find Delilah. And that great. Oh my god, Harvey Firestein lives. 567 over Don't let me forget my Michael Morstaff. Don't. I'm saving him. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hey, hello. Yes, Sarah. Hello. Hey, why do you care if they're full of stadiums? I don't. Here's a call from a four-laterdale. Hello. That's the same guy. Why do you care? Always starts with the same crap. Four-laterdale. Hello. Deadmail. Yes, sir. Is there legitimate reason for doing the stadium economics, the structures, I'm safe. I've been there. It looks pretty good to me. You know, it's a interfering with football. No, no, no, no. No, no, no. No, that's not the problem that all of the owners have had. At least the other two owners John Henry and these people. The problem is that Wayne has got the, he owns the stadium and they get, they don't get a dime from concessions or from the a sweet. So anybody who owns the team can't make any money going in there, but of course they knew that going in. See, this is something anybody who buys the team. Every new they had that deal with Wayne going in. So in some other words, if you buy an establishment and any kind of a retail business for example, and you know that because of the concession, because of whatever the deal is, you can't possibly make a profit no matter what happens, then what it is, that means you made a bad deal. Okay, I appreciate the straight answer, man. Okay, you bad. The straight answer for me, not so straight guy. Well, that's just the way it is. That's the way it is. They can't make it profit in P.P. Park. Never going to happen under any circumstances. And you know what? Too bad. So the question boils down to this. And of course all of this no matter the lies from these and the fact that the people in the Sun sent, and I actually put that in there would a straight post, come on. If I don't think they were probably holding their nose when they wrote it. About the timing, they want to make sure that the public doesn't take the timing at anything and do with capitalizing on the euphoria and all these parades and all these things on. Right, we all believe that. Your paranoid. I mean, come on. Where does that? What I do with that story? Here it is. The plan which officials took pains to ensure was not being announced merely because of the euphoric surrounding the Marlins championship. Right. And I got 75,000 acres of phenomenal land in the Everglades that also do you for like a dollar a dollar? How do you like that? Kind of bullcraft man. When are you people going to finally wake up and sniff the daffodils and like that asshole to when I always just why do you care about this? Well, I'll tell you why I care because I'm sick and damn tired of watching the rape of the public there. But from a personal standpoint, I don't give a crap. If the public in date County is that stupid that they want to go and vote for it. If it comes on a referendum or they want to sit back and do nothing and be raped into the again. Fine. Maybe they like the way it feels. Okay. Maybe it tickles their euvealut. They stick it in there deep enough. Right. 26 past noon at 5.60. All I don't know how I can do that that tingo pecania. Hey, we're underpaid no overtime. They like a new high paying career but don't have four years to waste on college. If this sounds like you, well, here's the solution for you. Everybody likes a good solution. Squirt's court. Pick up the phone to call our friends at fast train toll free at 1 866 fast train fast drink and have you trained in certified for a high paying computer network professional career or a high paying medical computer specialist career and as little as four months that is correct. You can be fully trained and ready for a new career and as little as four months fast train offers you day evening. We came classes job placement assistant, semifinational aid to people who qualified to. So what are you waiting for? They got six convenient locations in Florida including for a friend of South Florida service with his body one nearby change your life, get yourself out of that dead end, job and get your real careers with some real training that will be uh take no time at all. It'll be a snap call fast train. Take a amount of the web first at fast train.com and then call him toll free and please be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck that's DRECK. Todd Dreck told you to call 1 866 fast train. My life and locals this is fourteen years The West becomes a winner for you. We sashay a round like a bull, who didn't murder God on another girl. As flies we spoil round, because of Philly's theme. We'll see if we can go. We'll see if we can go. We'll see if we can go. Everybody will be excited about the West. We'll see if we can go. We'll see if we can go. We'll see if we can go. In the whole ring, our dog, we agree. If the blinds meet all of round, because of Philly's theme, we'll see if we can go. We'll see if you can go. I'm so proud of the school! Pro 30 to a five 60 WKM happy Wednesday 2. Here's a lady and homestead, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Pretty good how you doing? Okay, I'm just calling to tell you, I am a gangs building them as stadium. A baseball I love the Marlin, they wanna stadium, they can build with themselves. And as far as keeping the team together, Pugett kind of moving into his mid-life for a catcher. He stayed a couple more years and he won't be worth jack. I mean maybe we oughta send a punch pack and just call me a pack. Yeah. Bye, baby. Okay. Have you been punched back in? Yeah. All right. And of course, we'll then ask that size. Well, 136 votes, who should pay for New State and for the Marlins, only the team owner is 59. No stadium, no way Jose, 27. The suckers in day 25, you see that first one there, how can you argue with that? Now, there was if they want to come up with a cash or work out some kind of a deal, see, the reason that they can't make any money from the sweets in the PB park is that all of revenue from there has got to go to a ping off the debt on the service on the debt from when Joe Robby built the stadium. Right. So that's forget about that. Anyway, only the team owner 62, no stadium, no way Jose, 27. The suckers in day 25, how do you like that? Oh, could I leave it? Only people who don't speak English, 21. Only the people who go to the games for and the taxpayers did go on here now. It's got three votes so far. All right. Michael Moore, dude, where's my country of book that everyone should be forced to read? Hey, don't forget. Oh, okay. Should I read some of our couple of pages? Well, I don't care if anybody don't like my reading because I like it. Me too. He's got one part in here where he's comparing all the lies that the public is totally compares to like Burger King, a Wap or combo with extra lettuce. Each a Wap or hold a Mayo, etc. Number nine, double wap or which he's in a coke, the American media's brought you to the truth about Iraq. If you're going to sell a mess of wapers, you need a good advertising campaign. Corporations pay a big money for that kind of marketing. But the Bush administration didn't have to spend a dime on these supposedly liberal media join forces with the old and the White House field office at Fox News to create a well-world pro war propaganda offensive that was almost impossible to avoid. And it worked. Even vegetarians were gathering down those wapers, accompanied by rather clock patriotic march-to-war music and flag inspired graphics on these so-called scooses for news channels, the images were relentless. Tearful farewells from proud families as brave soldiers headed overseas, heroic American girls rescued by daring American guys, smart bombs doing their brilliantly destructive work, grateful Iraqis topping the Sodom statue, a united America standing by our resulute and German leader. Then it was the footage being directly to us from the Harshurmaki desert where reporters embedded with the ground troops were given greatly way to report without interference from the Pentagon as we were supposed to believe. The result, lots of close-up and personal stories about the hardships and dangers faced by our military and virtually nothing examining why we had sent these fine young people in the harm's way. And there was even less said about what was happening to the people of Iraq. So, unless you ignored US news entirely and only watched the BBC or CBC or the journal from France, with its convenient English subtitles for an American audience too lazy and poorly educated to alert another language, you could pretty quickly find yourself believing that all this sacrifice was for a valid cause. And just what exactly was the reason for the war with Iraq? We were so thoroughly waterized that pulls showed that half of all Americans wrongly thought that Iraqis were on the September 11 planes and a one-point nearly half believed that the US had found weapons to match destruction in Iraq when no such discovery had been made. One quarter of those surveyed thought that Sodom had at least the chemical or biological attack against coalition forces which also never happened. The widespread misconceptions were understandable. It was almost impossible to hear the perspective of anyone who questioned or opposed the Bush administration's rationale for rushing to war on American television. The media watched a group fair studied the evening newscast of 6 US TV networks and news channels for three weeks, starting on March 20, 2003, the day after the US bombing of Iraq began. The study examined the affiliations and views of more than 1600 sources who appeared on camera in stories about Iraq. The results were hardly a surprise. Fewers were 25 times more likely to see a pro-war US source than someone with an anti-war point of view. Military sources were featured twice as frequently as civilians. Only 4% of sources appearing during the three weeks were affiliated with universities think tanks or non-governmental organizations. A total of 840 US sources who were current former government or military officials only for identified as opposing the war. The few appearances by people with anti-war view points were consistent limited to one sentence sound by it's usually from unidentified participants in on-the-sweet interviews. Now the single one of these 6 telecast study conducted they sit down and be with anyone who opposed the war. In some cases journalists freely confessed to a startling lack of objectivity. The fair study quoted CBS News anchor Dan Radder during an appearance with Larry King on CNN. Look, I'm an American. I never tried to kid anybody that on some international is to do something. It will my country as a war I want my country to win whatever the definition of win may be. Now I can't and don't argue that that is coverage without a prejudice about that on prejudice. During the three weeks study period fair found that only one anti-war sound by it on rather CBS evening news appeared. It was made by me if the academy wards his Michael Moore talking about the fictitious war wage of our fictitious president. Over at Fox News, Neil Cavoto had this to say on air in response to a critic, there's nothing wrong with taking sides here. You see no difference between a government that oppresses people and one that does not, but I do. MSNBC demonstrated its patriotism with America's bravest. A billboard of photographs of military personnel fighting in the war sent for display by their friends and families. And Brian Williams of MBC and MSNBC said this about the killing of Iraqi civilians. Civilians used to be intentional military targets. The fire bombings of resident and Tokyo and WWE 2 were meant to kill civilians and then terrorized survivors here we've seen the opposite happen. The army recently signed a $470 million contract with Microsoft which is co-owner of MSNBC along with NBC, NBC is internal by general electric, one of the nation's largest defense contractors. GE's military aircraft engine contracts run in the billions, but the first study found that NBC actually featured more disinnived points about the war, a whopping 1% more than any other US network. And can I read one more page? Could you please? Yes. Later on in the book he says, it might be good he's got a list of reasons here what we ought to be doing how to stop terrorism and he says stopping terrorists. Number six it might be good to find out why hundreds of millions of people on three continents stretching from Morocco on the Atlantic to the Philippines and the Pacific are so pissed off about Israel. Now I'm not just talking about your every day run with a militarized semites you can find them on all seven continents including Antarctica. Now I'm talking about a perceived notion that we Americans are supporting Israel and oppression of the Palestinian people. Now where did those Arabs come up with an idea like that? Maybe it was when the Palestinian child look up in the Ernsan American Apache helicopter, firing a missile into his baby sister's bedroom just before she was blown into a hundred bits, touchy touchy. Some people get upset over the piqueous things. Is that any reason to dance in the streets when the world trades center falls to the ground? Of course many Israeli children have died to at the hands of the Palestinians. You would think they would make every Israeli want to wipe out the Arab world but the average is really doesn't have their response. Why? Because in their hearts they know they're wrong. They know that they would be doing just what the Palestinians are doing if the sandal were on the other foot. Hey here's the way to stop the suicide bombings give the Palestinians a bunch of missile firing Apache helicopters and let them in the Israelis go with each other head to head. $4 billion a year to Israel, $4 billion a year to the Palestinians they can just blow each other up and leave the rest of us to hell alone. How do you like that? It's Michael Moore. That's my man for president right there. Michael Moore has got the balls to tell all like it is and of course the media's got to, oh gee can you believe he said that and can you believe we've got the balls to be saying this? And all of these things. I'm going to watch your bowling for Kanabana again just as a refresher court. My life and law. Vixie kept saying going to the chapel, Elvis saying you saw me crying in the chapel. Hey Glenn get a life sweetheart. How do you like that? Talk about those pickers and nitpickers. My apologies. I almost missed our spot there on a break. I was so hooked up to a frenzy with my Michael Moore book. You know how long is this Friday? If you really want to treat somebody do something fun and different and send a handmade grandma teddy bear just call 1-800-829 bear in a friendly bear counselor will have to pick from over 100 bears like the bear bones wearing a glow in the dark skeleton costume or the new Franken bear. Is that on an al Franken? Oh the Vermont's teddy bear company is hand-cranted bears for every occasion like the birthday suit bear the field that are bear the new baby bears with the baby's name and birthday it on the bib. Every bear is personalized just to your loved one and live in a colorful gift box with a free card and chocolate. So what's that a sending flower? Instead of beautiful Vermont's teddy bear which will be enjoyed forever overnight and said a delivery is guaranteed so it's not too late. Call 1-800-829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com. That's 1-800-829-B-E-A-R. Be sure and tell them please. Please that old meal to a did it call. So we missed the a bit on that break for what happens to make we got the big one to two hour coming up right? It's right. Hold much a bit. That's a good man at least. Plus it gives us a chance to take so many more of these stellar calls today. Nobody QAM hello. I deal. Yes sir. Yeah I was thinking one of the best people who could put up the stadium about the Catholic Church. The reason being first of all to be taxed deductible they got certainly got the money. Jack McEangles is church all the time. The guys are always crossing themselves. That's a good point that's excellent. And when the marlins aren't playing they can hold heroes and masses and whatever else they do. And the chief usher could be tested in molester. Okay. I said the idea pal. I think I did say the Vatican. Did I say it before? Yeah. Right. 560 with some of those tax-free dollars. Those billions and billions of course a lot of them tax-free dollars are disappearing because they have to keep in off all the lawsuits from all them poor abuse of their children. 560-70560 pound 560. I mean you know we can talk and have a good time but it's not going to change anything. They're going to jam it through. They're going to shove it right down your throat whether you want it or not. Who should pay for a new stadium for the marlins? 176 votes only the team older Z80. No stadium. No way who's a 35. The suckers in day 28. Only people who don't speak English 23. The taxpayer is 6 already. And only the people who go to the games for. Now let's see 6 already voted for the taxpayers. One of them must have been Mayor Pinguapakanyu right? Oh I'm sure. One of them had to be. We won the World Series. Silly David Samson. One of them was Jeffrey Luria so that's three. One was probably Moe because he suck in both their assulate. Lisa that's four. Who else? Probably Michael Mayo 5 because he's in Broward anyway. Do we know anybody else? I might have voted number 6. The QL staff. Somebody on the stamp. Probably Dave Van Boring because he still wants to get you know. He shouldn't get a job any place else. No chance. No way Jose Dave Van Boring. And embarrassing job. They humiliating the grading job for a World Champion team. Los Capione's Del Mundo. Shame on you. Shame on us for putting you one a year. Shame on a Marlin. I don't think we hired you now. So do we know? Now. No we don't. That's a team thing. The team hire is their own individual. And I was just like just like the dolphins with you know who. Absolutely. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey how you doing? Pretty good to meet you. I hate to be a bat boy in that Catholic stadium. You know that would be one horrible thing. The other thing I want to thank George for looking me up with my bed and I wanted to give you a recommendation and bring a little fact to you. 29 days of movie. You all need to see it as a great flick. It's a great horse and French flick and I think you would get a trip out of it. It's a British. Okay. But the fact I wanted to bring in was you know you're talking about school books and the fact is that state the state allocates those dollars to the school district. The city has nothing to do with that. The problem is the state because we stopped using tablets way back when and the Holy Bible in schools you know have to just never give enough enough money to get enough books out there for kids you know. And they got to read anyway. So why you give a book to a kid that can't read? He got that point. Good point. Salah. Don't you? Yeah. Here's a fan who sends me a thing. See I read the whole book. Now he's they're probably talking about the look at page 270. It's going to be really good trick to look at page 270 because there's only 249 pages in the book. Well wait. What's in filler music? It's just before Neil gets too carried away with Michael Moore's book. Tell him to take a painkillate page 270. He will smit big time. I think what he has to say is great but I draw the line with this very probably what they're referring to is where he talks about Oprah for President which is not on page 270 because the book's only got 249 pages. I heard him say that on subidivier. Yeah. Oprah. That could be just a little bit. A little tongue and cheek. Yeah. And I'll take it too even though I hate the bitch like poison at least you know she's got a shot. We got a shot like Jimmy Johnson said. So I don't know what page 270 you're talking about big fan but see this is the day for everybody to correct me. I make a lot of mistakes like sitting down here at five or ten. You know where in boxes are you? Yes, I am. I'll see. Should be where in briefs. No. 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. We got the big. Oh come on up at the two to four this afternoon. We want the mad dog back soon you know. Oh right. Jesus Christ. And he learned from me every time I'm there he always comes in and shakes my hands his is I want to thank you you're my mentor you to want to talk me less work and more pay. I want to give you a kiss. I'm a cheek only please. The hump are at four to six thirty a two and a half hour a grueling experience for hang today. Six thirty it's your pants and preview. Panters at the flyers the uh at Tilly seven o'clock any cap that a game join mark to the five over night. And then the moment of the booties back in the morning with guilty little suck hold guiltys and ah gee let's build it down by the mania arena. Let's say that this was on Monday he was already had a stadium built before all the parades and hoopla yesterday. He was already just jumping on board sucking the heavy duty. Here's a lady in candle hello I'm on a wrong line. I'm sure here's for a lot of day hello hello hello Neil. Yes sir. Hey I've been listening to you for the past couple of days. Actually I listened to you all the time but I noticed the last couple of days you and and a good number of your colors of all expressed their opinion concerning any public participation in the financing of this new ballpark. Yes sir. And one of the reasons people keep using for opposing it I keep appearing over and over and over about how our school kids and then they'll have enough classroom space and they don't have enough textbooks and I think that a lot of people that bring those concerns up are certainly well-intentioned but my god could anybody be more misinformed. I mean in the real world does anybody believe that the reason our kids don't have textbooks and overcrowded classrooms have anything whatsoever to do with the rena's and baseball stadiums. Yes. That's ridiculous. No it's not ridiculous you know something when you're talking about taxpayer dollars it doesn't make any difference where they come from their own X number of dollars so just like the last call it's giving me like you know a song and dance about whether they come from the state or whatever how they're funded it doesn't make any difference it's still has number of tax dollars. Well question of priorities. The date county school board has a yearly budget of 4.6 billion dollars. Yeah. Every decision. Okay and they still can't get it right. The reason our kids are an overcrowded classrooms is because of the way they misallocate the money they already have not because there's a lack of money. Yeah. Yeah. And and that's it I mean there's a lot of good news. All right so let's take that out of the mixes they say okay let's take education out there we got more than enough money they're just misappropriating the fun. Right about all of the other things the services that we have. Such as such as the road such as the infrastructure such as the Zinnian other things that are going on in South Florida. I want you to go to the stadium right now and write a check okay I want you to be the first one online or write a check I'm not going to say you're a waste my time arguing with you because you're trying to defend the priorities of a bunch of assholes overgrown self as children like I've always said before the people are selfish and that included me with a hockey thing I admit to it though I'm I'm like you I admit it we needed that them or we needed a hole in the head so that Wayne could make more goddamn money and then sell the damn team and like you know make millions more on that please fleece the public and fleece the unsuspecting new people we could feel four hours talking about the things more important yeah oh my god roads and this and that yeah how man you know something my answer to your question is anything else right anything else we've already got more goddamn stadiums in arenas they even shake a stick at all right think of how many citrus trees you could be ready can in a meantime nobody's at the Mickey Eris in AAA arena and the people of our there are busy schmooz and a walk around a guy in hallways in cipenter cocktails nobody's at the macaroon for the sporting events there and ones of our their likes scots is walking around on the hallway cipenter guy they're mosoes in fill in their fat face and sitting on their cell phones talk of their friends across the way haven't got the least amount of interest and their and and the fact that the matter with the counties and benefiting one dime from any of that and a marlins we don't even have to rehash the history of the marlins okay all of the stuff you saw yesterday was as phone is a twenty seven dollar bill fun yes positive yeah if you want something to grab on do but would they have anything to do with the reality is self-floor no it's not a baseball town that's never gonna be you could build a goddamn stadium in every street corner it's still not gonna be it's a one-pointy town man it's a football town per cones that they're playing like anyway except one of their girl steams they can pack that place in because half of the fans are rooting for the other team anyway and the dolphins they'll come close to pack in a place although you know sometimes they have a tough time doing it how many years ago was it this god when they had that came against the cult that had to be blacked out oh decades yeah and I wasn't that long ago no just a few years ago because I'm a head of invited fat rich to come by watching my house because I was watching it off the a big dish 98 so that's five years ago couldn't sell out a playoff game at pp park for the football team and this is supposed to be a football town so sir please don't give me this lecture the song of the answer about how well intention but misinformed we are take the money and help me the god damn homeless do something with anything that's productive give it to a band and pet rescue use it for anything constructive use it for law enforcement use it for getting all the scumbags off the streets whatever you want use it to god damn round up all the what's his name Sean Cononis crowd and put them in the house got man yeah instead of giving me a song to dance how we have to continue entertaining all these millionaires and billionaires by couchoing to them and finding some kind of very clever device and there is still pain for the freaking Miami arena for crying out loud we're still paying for that white elephant they haven't figured out what they'll do with it and then Mickey Eros and you know makes a nice sweet deal with the mayor of pingo which I guess everybody must have Alzheimer's and Dave County because one of the most important things he promised back when he got elected the first time is he would never ever make a deal with that billionaire SOB and let him put a statement there and the first thing that he did was go behind everybody's back and made that deal well Mickey's paying for their arena yeah but how about all the other costs that it's going to talk cost the taxpayers the next 500 years shot yeah right and arena that nobody wants that nobody needed let's have every not just every county habits owner renown stadium let's not have a neighborhood have a zone county we can have the opalaka stadium and the mirror market stadium and the plantation stadium and a god dim what else sweet water stadium and all those stadium because that's way down the gold stadium the pompot obit stadium in arena then all we got to do is find a bunch of teams that have to put in or of course nobody's gonna go how the strikers doing or what though was the last one over the last time was the last incarnation of the strikers huge shot the what fusion the now that's it the fusion how the confusion how are they doing anybody see them lately oh no how about that minor league hockey team that came in a time remember when we first came to QM and they wanted me to be the patchy did try to put over minor league hockey and so forth I said you people got to be smitten me was that the Miami manatees that was very good the mind is that's where the playing now in the arena what they're playing in the old arena playing in the old arena yeah Miami arena now you're not talking about the same thing I'm talking about the enterprise that we're talking about they lasted for about three months and he went out of business oh well the Miami manatees now are playing in the Miami arena and then we had the or maybe I'm talking about was it the roller hockey thing that was what it was well we've had so many of man you can't even keep track no more but hey let's just keep digging out of the taxpayers pockets in an area where the overwhelming majority of people don't care about these things anyway if you want taxpayers to pay their money may let them pay for something that maybe they might use that maybe they might benefit them someday somehow but thank you so much for your education to under 12 votes who should pay for the new stadium for the marlins only the team owners 98 no stadium no way Jose 39 the suckers in day 31 only people who aren't speaking wish 27 the taxpayers 10 I think they've had Samson voted more than once and only the people who go to the games what a concept eight we now it's got the round when I'm up in Boca take a slap in all the women with paint and lips around the fall I listen to the new Rogers one to two I mean I listen to the new Rogers iron balance one to two hours when we get more on like Mitch you call up and they say stupid things that they don't have any bases on because somebody on this radio station who's on between nine and one decides to poison everybody because for him it's a bit and the idiots that listen to them they actually buy in that is pretty dumb to buy in well they buy in because they're idiots you know why they because their brains are soft like marshmallows and they can be twisted and turned any which way you want they go great with more as though that's exactly right you're on a roll today I like it so the brains are soft and they say stupid things because they don't have enough intelligence to come up with an original thought of their own so they listen to people that can manipulate them to make them say make them think whatever they want the only thing missing is the cool aid thank you Jim who's on today who's doing the show today Jorge that's George George Rodriguez you know I just come back or see done next year no is he really damn that's got a deal oh I say it's in you know while people say you know well you're knocking the oil it's not not this is what you know what it is it shows you how effective the guy is that he can manipulate the stupidity that listens between nine and one he you might agree with probably and he's laughing his ass off all the way to the bank he's absolutely letting you know what he is he's laughing at you Mitch because you're a M oh R oh N I'll spell it out for you and now I'll tell you what I just said it means moron because he's fell there's an old saying this is boom the rocks shame on you can't get pulled again last time we were in Iraq I guess we failed seams the more we snook the less we found I'd know the nuclear capabilities disappointing our inspection teams because we got a face that he's a deceiver that won't be a trace if we go back this time we're out of luck the season to see if there won't be a damn thing well that's a fine he thinks we are more or less idiots thinking it can hide the stuff he's got what's the use of searching what do we got to gain don't you know you can't try side down the same because we got our face that he's a deceiver that won't be a trace if we go back this time we'll have a look if season to see the the won't be a damn thing well that's a fine and you share them on this side there you know I'm solo i'm solo Oh, it's a monster! Oh, it's a secret! No way! It's a secret! It's a secret! That's what they think! Oh, if you wanna make lots of money, well, it's a swear. I like to make lots of money, that's for sure. Fuck it, be it hell, a special, be it a secret! Is big a fella? It's a good one. If we don't get more than a psycho, I'm something that's slow. I don't know, I love my Harley. Cut off! Tell people you don't like my show, we much love man, and you like that man, because clearly he never saw. Oh, I don't beat up that man, that's the source. They don't rush, he has a friend, so a friend. Oh, it's him to be. It's him to be. Hey! Oh! I'm pretty old. That's why my head hangs down, loose and drool. I see my toes, protruding from my gau, in my booty. Or my head, or my head, or my head, or my head, or my head, or my heart, or my eyes. I smell my arm, as I dip in, my dress like I'm snoozing. My bones are gone, that funny had on my head, in these three rooms. Or my head, or my head, or my head, or my head, or my head, or my head, or my head, or my eyes. I feel so good. As I look down, things I start where to explain, I am fine, dude. So butter high-power, six dollars in, loose change, and my guard keys. Or my head, or my head, or my head, or my head, or my eyes. Or my head, or my head, or my head, or my head, or my head, or my head, or my head, or my head, or my head, one-on-one is five, sixty-one of the QMU know, I rarely read the introductions to books for some reason. Yeah. But if you do get the Michael Moore book, do it with my country, you gotta read the impression, because one of the most amazing parts is where he talks about how Harper Collins, tried to destroy his career, because right after 9-11, when a book was posted, they tried they prevented it from being released, and they demanded that he re-write up to 50% of it, because it was critical of Mr. Bush. And he said, no, thank you. And of course Harper Collins is a division of newscorp, which owns Fox News, and it's all owned by Rupert Murdoch. Just to coincide in, of course, okay. Who should pay for new stadium for tomorrowins, we asked on thearages.com, 243 votes so far, not looking too promising. Only the team owners are 115. No stadium, no way Jose 43. The suckers in day 33, only people that are speaking was 29, the taxpayers 12, 12, a dirty dozen, and only the people who go to the games, 11. How many times do you think that the Marlin owners in the organization are gonna vote on this poll? But third man! Today, probably in the morning before we go on the end of the month. 11 past one, we got the big, coming in for the mad dog, and we got the two, we got the Humperate 4, and we got the Panthers stuff at Phillydenite. That'll be a good test, got it, see if they can play a real team? Yeah. Fliers all of a sudden got hot again, they shut up, Montreal, Montreal, spaden, real fast. You know, a spaking effect, if you'd like to see your waistline fade a little bit. Everybody saw one of those low carb guys. Don't do the South Beach dive by the way. Remind me tomorrow to talk about that book, cause that piss me off. Man, is that frost my ass. I went out and sped good harder in money to buy the South Beach dive, and that doctor down there reminded me, it's a freaking, it's a recipe book. It's a glorified recipe book. They rips off the Eccons, and if you're any low carb dive, you want to find a store that gives something, where you can have a variety, where you can have some taste, students stay on the straight narrow path. That's why so many people are falling in love with the lights of West Booker. They've got a worth thousand low carb products and stock and whatever you love. Viggles and breads, cheesecakes, muffins, brownies, chocolates, pasta, sauces, chips, dips, soups, ketchup, the real famous carbohydrate ice cream, all low carb, all sugar free. They've got champion light drinks and five delicious flavors, walnut brownies back in Tula carb, carb or like candy could a chocolate covered penis peanuts, apple cinnamon, granola by carb since and lots lots more. And don't forget to let's us Booker 2 Good Things, 2 Really Good Things, number one, you can try anything Mr. Before you buy it, and number two, all the Eccons products are on sale all day every day. And to let's us open every day, seven days a week, and 10 to 10, you'll find them on the northeast corner of blaze and 441, next to Boston Market in Boca, the good news is very far from most house. Call them toll free at 1-877-7low-carb L-O-W-C-A-R-B, run away with low-carb.com. Don't forget to let's us Booker and Incredible unique story official at Canes Retail Center. We are Sports Radio 5C4, 2-A-M. We did it! It's good after a while, but by the time, the moment they were in the show, we were in the show. Yeah, we did it by 61, I'm just saying, you're a little bit too loud. Oh, you're a little bit too loud. Oh, feet lift, you're a little bit too loud. Oh, I love your sinewy limb. Wait up, come on, wait up! Oh, come back. Oh, yeah, I can't take this. You know, just ain't gonna wake. Yeah. We're calling! Hello, Renter Cappdo. The said one of your auto-dry roles do the busually-apprentint studio. Oh, I'm just sure you want to do the stutters to your mouth up, doing a cage-up, all right? We're there. We're there. They are up, put them back to the darkness. Show them. Show them. I'll show them all. Oh, you open it. How are you? I'm just here to have a look. Open the door. Come on, listen. You get your whole life ahead of you. Getting a bowl, don't get into the cage. Make it that right from the mobile book. Yeah. Go ahead and get yourself. I also, my aging body, up to the hotel of the late video, got to the room. Cool, cool. The door. Hey, look. I'm flying. I feel like Superman. Yeah. This is nice. Pipe. Fly through the air. Put the greyiness, though, we're... Where's he, man? It's me, Rush. Man, I've got the stuff. Who is he? It's me, Rush. Man, open up. I've got the stuff. Ooh. It's Rush, man. Open up. I think the clinton's saw me coming here. Who is he? It's Rush, man. Will you open up? I've got the stuff with me. Ooh, Rush, man. Open up. Rush? Yeah, Rush. Come on, man. Open up. I think members of the Democratic Party saw me. Rush, man. Here. No, man. I'm Rush, man. Hey, come on, man. Who is he? It's Rush, man. Will you open up? I've got the oxy-cutting with me. Ooh. Rush, man. Open up. Rush? Yeah, Rush. Rush, man. Here. No, man. I am Rush, man. Will you come and open the door, will you? I've got the stuff with me. And I think Hillary saw me. Who is it? Will you open the door, man? It's Rush. Ooh, Rush. Or you. Rush. I will. You will open the door, sir. Rush. Rush. Rush. Rush. Right, man. Rush. Now will you open up the door? Rush, man. Here. And. Oh. Maybe, then. The brothers who fame. One, two, three, four, five. Well, won't step her over. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, they don't think it's aTV, it's a TV, meat! I am inamy wrong, I dare risk the DAWED, who has sent a guy in theisha in the shovel, I'll get my Rampocruc to check-up check-up line. What the hell is that? It has peace on, no, no no! No, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, don't be going against, why no one's binding it down! We did abroad the coup stop but you stand, I wonder in the day, even try! The signs are won't be terrified We finally close the book, come at two stone They were all I hate and so much so Now they're on the hill, bounce seven train Say goodbye to the worlders who sing Yeah, I got nobody's waiting here at the gate Oh, isn't this real? No, I don't think it is. Right in here Yeah, you know why it's hot, huh? Yeah, like I'm bouncing the green There's one black nut here, look at all this I love Mac dad, what hot, but then it's look where we are And we're seconded up I want the boat K-t-a-bus is done The women borders didn't care That I've pinched all their buns The people of California They like be a lot Because just like they might have had a few voyages I'd squog lots of pies I am the governor, it's true So bad, that I do not have a clue Everybody's seen with other pie I am the governor Everybody, I am the governor You like me, the movies That's why I'm the governor Of California Ha ha ha ha ha ha In the ice on CNN ABC USA UP and Pax CNBC CBS NBC Noggin And the Fox cartoon channel It's HyperSniper Bermelia On Nightline Take Apple interview Steve from DELL So you think media hype is encouraging the snicker Dude, like chill Then on Larry King Joining me to make his Mr. Moose He called me Like God, boy, we go with the cheat moose Ha ha ha ha ha ha This bitch, this bitch, this bitch He calls as a way from our disk It's a bone in Ethan You've made his snap of the police name And all the way you can be re- Fuckin' out It's a sniper And thanks for all the press My symbol about it is by my five Toil tool The responsible journalism continues When your local adjunues Put the reporters back in the middle of all the action Have you seen the sniper yet? Well, thanks for that report We'll keep our viewers Asked his media part I think it's such a trip When you let it rip I love the way you fart The noise is almost deaf me You'll even scare the dog I hear the window shake I surprise it don't break I love the air you fart I love the way you fart We won the World Series On 25 or 5, 5, 6DWQAM How many moose we got on that pole so far? This is where it's at 285 Who should pay for new state in for tomorrow And the roaches.com Only the team owners 130 What a concept No stadium, no way who's a 48 Only people who don't speak English 39 The suckers in day 34 Only the people who go to the game of 17 And tied there for last place The taxpayers only 17 It's like 5.9 percent And when we wouldn't get that guy to call back into our getting to give us a lecture About how we got billions of dollars Regication in date county And a school board is in it And there's all of this waste And the adiati and a reason the score Clices are crowded Because too many people are making babies and things like that Woo! That guy every time it's the same song that says about how many times he call it That same story About third man 126 at 5.6DWQAM If you're underpaid overworked if your boss treats your like crap Maybe you'd like to get yourself a new high paying career But you don't have four years to waste on college If this sounds like you, then we have your solution Car friends at fast-ridden day and else change your life Call one 86-6 fast-trained They can have you trained in certified for a high paying computer network Professional career or a high paying medical computer specialist career And as little as four months I mean four months out of your life like that That's right you can be fully trained and ready for a brand new high paying career And as short of time as four months Fast-trained off as you day Evening weekend classes They offer you job placement assistance If financial aid of people will qualify 6 can be near Florida locations including 4 in South Florida So it just makes common sense you don't have to be a genius Thank God To realize this is probably a fast-trained year by you So check them out on the web first at fast-trained.com And then make that call that could really change your life Relant for serious and a really positive way And give you a big fat paycheck every payday Call fast-trained 1 86-6 fast-trained And be sure mention the Todd Drec to it to call By the way we wish to have you birthday yesterday Time for we would have been lying Fast-trained call 1 86-6 fast-trained I am a poor person I am a poor person I am a poor person I am a poor person I am a poor person I am a poor person I am a poor person I am a poor person I am a poor person I am a poor person I am a poor person I am a poor person I am a poor person I am a poor person I am a poor person I am a poor person I am a poor person I am a poor person I am a poor person I am a poor person I am a poor person I am a poor person I am a poor person I am a poor person I am a poor person I am a poor person I am a poor person Now I know you got a sandy j socks and for a gale they are sandy gaffling where it is cutting on and you will know why It is a sandy gaff swimsu Stingy jaff and sandy gaff I am a sobly debit I got breaks Bill Clinton was exposed as a red shorter One of his goals engaging to humiliate me publicly but now is my turn to show him what i had discovered On that challenge withtic Kle int Duh One of my challenge that afternoon was Fadel Castro There was a mischievous claim in his eye. Then he said something that left me in awe. Hillary, I have a picture of you in my office. Mmm, delicious! Almost immediately, we crashed into bed. It was wonderful to lose myself and sheer physical sensation. A few days later, Stevie Wonder called and asked if he could come over to see me at the White House. I answered, yes, you must come to see me. That night, I was ushered upstairs until the put on a wig and hoop skirt. And he periodically broke into giggles for no apparent reason. I'm not all that athletic anymore. But the next thing I knew I was swinging back and forth, squealing. When Stevie finished, I felt numb. Another surprise soon followed. Palma Cartney, George Harrison and Mick Jagger. He'll didn't mind. After all, he happens. Now, from red, go records. Satan's bebecing Billy Joel. Go ahead, please range me. I don't want you here, me here. What's the matter with the change I've won? I can take them off and make you bleed. Satan's bebecing Billy Joel. The nausea's touch of how it's hard to find. Yes, Satan's bebecing Billy Joel. It's source now from red and go. Wherever the sun, look at the cheese that won't stay on. Here is the love. Shake my burn and turn guys on. But there's a place where all the guys can hide it. I can make us grow. Grab your hide, there's different. I can make us grow with my body and duty. That's where there's the blows. Those are such a cute, it's one of those things I would have for. Be it such a bad girl. How can Mary can grow? There's nothing more to eat. That's where there's the blows. Cause I'm such a cute, it's one of the things I would have for. Be it such a bad girl. Be it such a bad girl. I can't believe the language I hear on TV. Every home of word is ever said a G. It used to be that cable was a whole lot worse. But now the networks let their actors curse. There's the wind and sights of this have sailed of tea. All the dialogue and take profal of tea. Swear in like a sailor on a pre-day pass. Words are whole on words that ask. If one has come, one will have been. Perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language today is the word. Out of all of the English words that begin with a letter half. Because the only word that is referred to as the F word. It's the one magical word. Just by its sound can describe pain, pleasure, hate and love. As most words in the English language is derived from German, the word fliechen which means to strike. In English, f*** falls into many grammatical categories. As a transit of verb, for instance, John f*** surely. Its meaning is not always sexual. It can be used as an adjective such as John's doing all the f***ing work. As part of an adverb, surely talks to f***ing much. As an adverb, enhancing an adjective, surely is f***ing beautiful. As a noun, I don't give a f***. As part of a word, it's absolutely f***ing lovely or inf***ing credible. And, as almost every word in a sentence, f***ing f***ing f***ing. As you must realize, there aren't too many words with the versatility of f***ing. As in these examples describing situations such as fraud, I got f***ing the used carolot. This may, off f***ing. Trouble, I guess I'm really f***ing now. Aggression, don't f***ing with me, buddy. This missile, why don't you go outside and play hide and go f***ing yourself? I'm sure you can think of many more examples. Say it loudly and proudly. F*** you! I got to get out of this game. If it's the last thing I ever do, I got to get out of this gig. I used to be a star. I'm talking TV and movies. DJ Hooker, emergency 911. You like Star Trek, right? Scotty, be me up from this nightmare gig. I'll admit it. I got the call for my age at about this priceline.com thing. When things weren't going too well, no way. Things weren't going at all. So he says, Bill, you want to do a few commercials. I'll play with 10 of them money. So I said, sure, it wants to well. They said, hey Bill, you want to do it on TV? And I said, what do I sign? I'm back on TV, baby. I'm going to be a star again. I'll be big. Really big. And then I realized on the TV sponsor, making fun of that really awful album. I made back in the 60s. I'm a parody of myself. Wow, wow. But my agent says, I already signed the contract. You're stuck. He says, I got to get out of this gig. Girl, I'm a better life than I do. Thank you. Thank you. No problem. 1,375,60, WDQM, 224 votes on I'd pull. Who should pay for a new state in front of Marlins? The World Champion Marlins, baby? A.T. The World Champion, Los Capione, Is Del Mundo? Apoyemos. Apoyemos, you're asked something like that? Of course. We did it. We did it. We did it. 324 votes who should pay? Only the team owner is 148. No stadium, no way Jose. Fiddy. Only people who don't speak English look ticketing in English. 45. The suckers in Dade 40. Only the people who go to the games 21. And the taxpayers, even when we put that on their late, they've had plenty of time to start playing ketchup. Which you'll have to pay extra for. The taxpayers only 20 last place right now. 6.1%. But we had a long way to go, right? I long way to go. Be it, La Worse than that. 22 till 2 at 5, 60 WQM, imagine this. Imagine zero closing cause, zero application fee, zero credit bureau fee, zero discounted points. If you're like Russell Wases, it's the last mortgage you'll ever need. The revolutionary only one mortgage, who's that guy with a bullying voice that does those ad team spots? I don't know. Zero, he always says zero to which otherwise. No, it's the last mortgage you'll ever need. The revolutionary only one mortgage from our friends at financial group. Now with interest rate unbelievable, just 1.95%. That's only 738 bucks a month you pay if you have a 200,000 dollar loan at that rate. Once you be finance, you're going to new home mortgage from financial group. You will never, ever, never pay closing cause to gain. The real financing power is low rate mortgage. You can move to your next property without further cost expense. Only one mortgage from financial group. Call 1-800-940-1000 to hold new and this smart way. Dubai, zero underwriting fees, zero dot fees, zero prepaid and fairly, zero closing costs even when you move to another property. So get financing is just 1.95% by making that smart call and never, ever, ever, never pay closing cause to gain. Financial group toll free, 1-800-940-1000-1000. The Rnequal Housing Letter restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR. RY and local, we are sports video 560s to a 2 AM. The hell are the barlip? Listen to me, it's just stand-by and steam for sofaking and it's Dan, where everything is held to the high sofaking standards. The selection is in just huge, it's sofaking huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else. And sofaking surprises aren't as low, they're sofaking low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me, when I say sofaking as a beautiful store, I mean sofaking beautiful. And I say, step is helpful, I mean sofaking helpful. Listen to me, get to know the sofaking and enjoy a selection that's sofaking huge. A staff that's sofaking courteous and fresh is that a sofaking low, you'll never shop anywhere else. But don't take it for me. Take it from satisfied customer, frank and stine. Sofaking good. You set up Rocky, sofaking good. Hi, this is Kimberly Plumber, K ABC News with a one-on-one interview with Guvinatorial Hopeful Arnold Schwarzenegger. I'm sorry. Excuse my apologies. What do you apologize for? I'm not following you. For everything Kimberly Plumber, K ABC News, I'm sorry to the people of California. For what? Those bad movies you make? No. Although if you don't like them, I'm sorry Kimberly Plumber, K ABC News. I'm sorry for this. You just touched my movie. That was a demonstration, Kimberly Plumber. I'm sorry. Well, don't do your demonstrations on me, Mr Schwarzenegger. I am here for a serious interview with you. I apologize. You're very whiny. Go ahead with your questions. Well, you're very touchy, feeling. I apologize. Excuse me, but did you just touch my eye? That was a demonstration, Kimberly Plumber, K ABC News. That's why I want to apologize for the people of California. And I believe you should. I'm sorry. I see you have a problem with women. I don't have a problem with women. I like to touch them. Excuse me, but we are not an object. May I see your anida? What? Your anida may I see it? I don't think I have an antida. I'm having an antida, sorry. That's your anida. I can't believe you just put your hand. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Do they guess? Yeah. Good for you, Kimberly Plumber. You want me now, don't you? Yeah, let us have your anida. Oh, but you're a little bit. I'm sorry. I apologize. You are disgusting. I want to be the governor. Here for my lover vote for me. Why is it purple? I eat grapes. I'm a grape either. Put me level. Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Christy. I'm a tea. Was very tell. Grrr. This delicious thing was not for me. For who? They held a big convention. They let me in for a free. But I don't know. I don't know. I feel what I was about to see. They were speaking in tongues. That's what they said. They said, I'm a grape. But I don't know. They said, I'm a grape. But I don't know. They said, I'm a grape. But I don't know. They said, I'm a grape. But I don't know. They said, I'm a grape. They said, I'm a grape. But I don't know. They said, I'm a grape. But I don't know. They said, I'm a grape. But I don't know. They said, I'm a grape. But I don't know. They said, I'm a grape. But I don't know. They said, I'm a grape. But I don't know. They said, I'm a grape. But I don't know. They said, I'm a grape. But I don't know. They said, I'm a grape. But I don't know. They said, I'm a grape. But I don't know. They said, I'm a grape. But I don't know. They said, I'm a grape. But I don't know. They said, I'm a grape. But I don't know. They said, I'm a grape. But I don't know. They said, I'm a grape. But I don't know. They said, I'm a grape. But I don't know. They said, I'm a grape. But I don't know. They said, I'm a grape. But I don't know. They said, I'm a grape. But I don't know. They said, I'm a grape. But I don't know. But I don't know. They said, I'm a grape. But I don't know. They said, I'm a grape. They said, I'm a grape. But I didn't know. They said, I'm a grape. The power of the stars, the power of the stars, the electricity, the mass. The power of the stars, the power of the stars. The group is the earth, the power of the stars, the power of the stars. The power of the stars, the power of the stars. The power of the air, the power of the air. The power of the air. I can't even turn my left hand, I can't even think you fell on what I am. So put gas and take your pillow and make you scouting go to that. You can't even turn my right hand and make you lose the signs of death. I can't even turn my right hand and make you go to that. The power of the stars, the power of the stars. The power is the agnond music. Musics high magnification I can't even turn my right hand and make you scouting, I can't even think you fell on what I am. There are many African ladies, like you did in this hour. The power of the star, the right hand and make you scouting go to that. The power of the air, the power of the air. I'm the one who's been waiting for me I'm the one who's been waiting for me I'm the one who's been waiting for me I'm the one who's been waiting for me I'm the one who's been waiting for me I'm the one who's been waiting for me I'm the one who's been waiting for me I'm the one who's been waiting for me I'm the one who's been waiting for me I'm the one who's been waiting for me I'm the one who's been waiting for me I'm the one who's been waiting for me I'm the one who's been waiting for me I'm the one who's been waiting for me I'm the burden of love I'm the one who's been waiting for me I'm the one who's been waiting for me I'm the one who's been waiting for me I'm the one who's been waiting for me I'm the one who's been waiting for me I'm the one who's been waiting for me I'm the one who's been waiting for me Oh Oh Oh Everybody Oh Oh And what this is for 3.05.60 Oh The Middle Eastern World will be exploded to Dometable kill with the gas that we sold him. First time a grister nation and they only won that's going Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing forget about Korea and the nooks They're toasting at the right wing is filling it over and over it to our head Daddy, right has some My fifths of past destruction 3,000 people killed Our now forgotten let's exploit them instead Hey, they're goil to be caught it going after some time to play Keto summer There's no longer mention of a name in law, but no a safe concern doll I'm being complacent believe in every word of this cartel administration Back and throw this my fear through me the American relation and the right wing Just filling it over and over and to our head And I rag as a weapon of past destruction The loss of civil rights is the rights that were paid We're all suspects now not see as corrupt as they are I have nothing to hide table partners all are saying I know idiot, I don't know any reserved region Out of provoke, battle ends, world and violation Older shoes must fall and however it's gone with no objection at all Till the crack don't have a fall and the right wing is filling it over and over It to our parade waspets I rag as a weapon of past destruction Only a drag has some weapon of past destruction I know someone that can do the sabotage or do Eight masks that skinny chick the skin is chick I know you've used this plate that heroin she You've got full of the blow Kate Moss that skinny chick we want to know what's the deal The clothes that travel when you're in rehab your worst then alley McBear Bye bye We ought to issue a statement gang rape is funny