We'll make a man off again. Season a asshole. The parents say... The parents say... You know parents don't shit. He's an asshole. I'm a mother. I'm a living man. I'm a party party party party. Party, open, open, set it up in the sleeve. The time that so many music has to drum on the beach. Everyone around me here is wearing a dress. Things that control parties and some months break in there. Ooh. I just just people are just that. I just despise. And this now orders so I was bringing here some night eyes. And I'm holding grandfathers some party parties. And I'm holding grandfathers party parties. I know two at five, sixty, double you can't boy. It's a pressure pack Wednesday. I'll take it that. Speak to the pressure we were just hearing about. I didn't realize we had so many heavy-duty things going on. But we did. But carrots was in whose plan program. I mean, who's our program director? Now that muff is away and vacation is sweet. In fact, you hear what he said about duck? He's an asshole. I couldn't believe the thing's parents was blurtin' out this morning. I guess he's pent up because he can't get laid. So he got all this pent up frustration. So he wants to play a bunch of boss now. I'll take it one thing. All these rumors about for well on a radio. He will be on a seven o'clock tonight by the way. If he never heard Scott for well, he talks like this. And I will say this much. I'll give him credit for being able to talk like that more than five seconds. I can't do that. But that's supposedly his natural voice. It's for her now. People that have scratchy voices light Lauren Bacoll. Right? As a woman with a scratchy voice. Generally, they say people who develop real scratchy voices. Nobody is from too much smoking and too much boozing. I just mentioned that. I'm not assuming anything. Is that? Yes, that's what they said. Is that what people always say? Yeah. But anyway. Yes, Scott for all the day. Atlanta hockey games there for one season. And they kind of like booted him out of town on a rail. But he'll be on seven o'clock tonight. And the rumor that we're seeing and hearing it just amazing. Because Clarence almost verified it for us this morning. He came with an a little curly hair of verifying the very Jack ass rumor. And of course, any tendons a very Jack ass rumor. You know, it was planted in the column because various so tight would Are good buddy. Great. Yeah. So you know, that's where it because that's what we quotes in a little blurb there. By the way, thanks very much. We already got the blurb from the hero, which Clarence Clarence Dero facts to be this morning. Before he went running out of the studio and hit under his desk. He should have been among the army. Or he might have got off on. No. Very Jack ass writes for a while before you know that. So yesterday at one o'clock shows over and I'm just about to walk out of here and go off to a nice lunch. And here comes another facts that you forward to me. More ons. Play it again Sam was never uttered a case of blank. And I didn't we discussed that that wasn't the exact line we did. But but forgetting about that morons. Okay. Well, thank you so much. They get hostile even about something as important as the lines from movies. It was our party yesterday and you'll be amazed by the way that I'm going to be able to squeeze the movie pull for at least one more day. Did I got a good one? The audience will be shocked and maybe dismayed by that. But it is Wednesday anyway. We got a big noon to one comedy of the song every Wednesday. Thank God for that. Yeah. Thank the Lord. Let's see. Here's the facts. Before I get to least Scott for well thing because it's a sports thing. And most of our audience don't give a flying crap about that anyway. And we want to I noticed a mow is given them that big welcome on board. But a lot of cost to comments in here about the great read. The great read line about we'd like to add more humor to the morning show. Just when Mo and Gilles seem to make it make him a little bit in row. Had a better book there in a winter book. First we help them a lot. But nonetheless. And all of a sudden we're going to start dealing with it some more. See I'm thinking to myself. What are great blending of voices that will be. We got Mo with his centaurian and bombastic voice. And then you got to tell me what the squeaky voice in a like that. For well, can you imagine that blending of voices to wake up to in the morning? Like a symphony. I told Clarence would probably be a lot cheaper just to get a cassette tape of fingernails scratching on a blackboard. And stick that in there in kind of place of a guilty and for well. And just have the fingernails with Mo as kind of like background sound. Anyway before we get to that thing, you know how keep postponing the inevitable? No, that's called Teason. It's worth teasing it. That's why we're dealing. Somewhere in there there are one of those many of this which you can find. There's some a play by play by for Elder Money who's doing Atlanta hockey games. And if he's lucky you won't find it. I mean, Nadine facts this morning and says as usual, you will be right on the button. Ray, a wrecking for dream all the way. Also had that other facts kind of cost it. The one where he that guy gives me. We got him once a date with you. What do I do with it? Yeah, he wants a date. Kevin and Hollywood. Yeah. Yeah. And Kevin too. As usual, we write on a button with the wrecking for dreams. His name should be required viewing for most people. All he does especially those who are additive prone. So who's not? Wow, that was possibly the most powerful unsettling movie and artsy movie I've seen. He didn't as Zanax. Sure. He had a Zanax on Dan Rader last night. And then on Wheel of Fortune which follows on some channels like a here. There must have been 75 spots for a rock prescription drugs on that. Yeah. They had platavix which I'm taking. They had the previsit and they had like a airbie goddamn drug that. Talk about the drugging of America so I think everybody should be watching McLean for a dream. Also, maybe he insists smallville sure had it last night. Four stars from me and endured me more to Clark and family. She says the episode covered a lot. Maybe too much cover for Tom Welling. I wish I was our rated well. All we got to see was like a little kiss you know. Kiss in the beginning or kiss in the end maybe a little tongue in there. Now he does tell Lex Luther that he went for it last night. You know what would usually when a guy says to his buddy I went for last night. We usually know what that means but in his case. Since we never even saw like a little tech on a cheek. Maybe that's Clark's idea of going for it if he cares my drip. He's a little pecker. Yeah. Anyway, Nadine says I was down in Boca for the mother's day. We can the brief visit reinforces why I'm a New Jersey. However, I love seeing the ocean. Well guess what Nadine, there are parts of New Jersey many parts where he can see the ocean. But you can almost smell it. Okay, thanks Nadine. But Kevin and Holly would have more. He's got one of these dictatorial facts to see. There one thing I don't cut into real well. And that is people in the audience who tell me or tell us what we ought to think what we ought to say. And give us like marching orders. We got enough of that for Washington now. We don't need that from the audience. Kevin and Holly would need the butcher up several night. Oh and also before we even get in the Kevin. I totally have a full plate. No, seriously. We got to talk about the New sales guy Raymond. He's an asshole. Speak at a dictatorial people. Raymond, I don't even know who the hell you are. Maybe I met him once when I was down there. I'm not really sure. Because the sales people are like a revolving door. So I don't even know who this puts is. But he's already had one major concert time with Tommy and a hallway. Tommy told him basically. I was going Tommy. You're okay. My book is always. He's much better language than that though. Yeah. And the ceramic comes in there. What they was it yesterday. Yesterday. And given venervoy instructions about how he's being a client. He's been a good lawyer. You're best behavior. Yeah. Be on your best behavior. Is it first of all? Do we have any idea who Raymond even is? Oh. He's been in a building about five minutes. And now we know be on a shadow of an uphill fit in perfect with our sales department because he's an asshole. So Raymond cut the crap. Okay. The last thing we did is another dictatorial sales guy. Running around giving orders. We already got too many cheats and odd enough Indians in that joint. We got 50,000 cheats and no Indians. And here we go. Everybody's got a goddamn title. Yeah. He's already got a mommy Raymond. So could be an asshole. Okay. And quick coming in there with the people that we don't even know who they are. Trying to impress your clients. You idiot. You scumbag you. Do we know who he is? Who? Anyway. Here's the thanks from Kevin who wants to date with your George. Chatter. Says Neil. I think you're a terrific radio personality. But if you and George are going to discuss film, you need to at least. In big capital letters at least. Take out a subscription to entertainment weekly. Both of you have such limited knowledge about movies. You don't do them justice. However, you hate abortion fundamentalist anything. So you're totally forgiven. See again, we auto at least take out a subscription to anything. What I'm doing is watching a lot more movies. I admit. Unlike what Tom Jickle would say, I'm an expert on nothing except Tom Jickle being a jerk. So that makes it more fun. It seems to me because we can soak on the audiences now. It's from all the different people. If anybody comes on here and pretends to be the expert. Where is the room for discussion? Right. And then he says, keep promoting Dean. Exploration point first of all, I'm not promoting Howard Dean. I've never seen a man once in my life. I saw about 10 seconds of the clip from the debate. So what do I know from Howard Dean except that I read a couple articles about? I'm not promoting anybody except anybody against them. Then PS. Here's the real. Here's what you need to know about this facts from Kevin Hollywood. PS is George cute. He sounds like he might be. No. No. He's not cute. He's not gay. And he's not to anybody. He wants to touch with anybody else's hand. Okay. Kevin. All of he would be delighted to send you a blow up dog. Take a time to be a subscription to entertain a weekly. He could send you a prescription to entertain a week. Like a send him a prescription for Zanacs or maybe for Viagra. We had 1200 plus votes on a podium today. Pretty impressive when you consider we took that first pull before 140 votes. I believe on Clinton and Bush. Clinton won that one hands down by the way. They stayed at the America. Like 85 to 15 percent thought America was much better off under Bubba than under W. Under this fascist regime. We have a Washington right now. The bunch of goose stepping Nazis. But at any rate. The most memorable line ever from a movie, which is why I started to show it at this morning. I don't have time to dittle with all these. It'll be. I want to make them an Alfred Gavron. 103 votes. It moved into first place and pulled away from Aldi back from the Terminator with 94. I'll just read a few of these. Okay. What we have here is a failure to communicate. Cool. He had Luke 77. Say hello to my little friend. Scarface 63. Go ahead make my day, dirty Harry 57. Frankly my dear I don't give a damn go with the wind 55. The best line ever from a movie. I love the smell of Napalman in the morning from Pockeleps now 54. You can't handle a truth from a few good men 48. You talk in a me. Taxi driver 47. May the force be with you Star Wars 46. I bet you a clearance like that one. I'll occur as probably a candy shack a lot better. Fact-runken stupid is no way to go through life of anima house 42. Leave the gun. This did a lot better than the beginning probably because I boosted up her a little bit. Leave the gun. Take the canoly. At 39. And last but not least, it was going to be. I'm going to read. I'm going to read. I'm going to read. 36. I lied. Played again Sam from Kesablacka 34 even we didn't really say that. Four odd. Yeah. I want my cigarettes misratch it. I'm an archery mall. Guess what the head 7 which would have had a lot more if I wouldn't have waited. I'm going to show the head of the head of the top of my mind. Have you checked the children from one stranger calls had 7 votes. That was a chilling line. Have you checked? I don't know how many people saw that movie. At least 7 I guess. We also saw it right. I saw it. Venus it. He was on the phone. He's on the phone. He's on the phone. What? Or bring lunch? What do you mean taking calls from a home? From my fair on the radio and how we need to inject more humor in a morning show and he'll probably be starting on Monday with Mo and Guilty. What are combination of voices? That's going to be. I can just hit in. Of course, don't be blaming Clarence or Muff. It's obviously a Greg deal. Greg Reed. Once again continuing to dittle and dittle and dittle. We just finally start to make a little bit of progress. Mo has finally started to like warm up a little bit about a degree and a half. Where's that his hairpiece? And anyway, just a little tiny bit. But no. Just never stops screwing around with a guy damn line. I've screwing around with life. Was this in New Times or City like this? New Times. New Times. See we've been all the way around. Best AM radio personality. New Times picked a mad dog Jim Manich. All right. Back to him. I threw on one. So right. And Reader's Choice Neo Rogers. So there you go. There you go. Something for all of us. Even a nice comment about the Humper in here too. So it's basically a suck-HU-AM thing in there. Which we appreciate very much. We like it and suck by the immediate anybody else. 914 already at 560 WQM. You know, talk is cheap. It's easy to throw on a lot of really appealing low numbers. But when it comes right down to it, what can you really get free finance debt? 5% 4% How about 2.45% with our friends financial group? With interest rates of 2.45% it really is your best bet and it's rock solid too. Call financial group now toll free at 1-800-940-LAND. Interest rates are at all time low. So why not refinance your home or even better buy you a new home and take advantage of a sure thing? 2.45% financing with financial group. And here's what it'll do with those monthly payments. If you have you way 200,000 alone, you pay only 786 a month. If you have a 100,000 alone, you pay more only 293 bucks a month. So get yourself 2.45% financing from financial group. Call 1-800-940-LAND. That's financial group 1-800-940-LAND either equal housing lender. Credit restrictions apply and rates are something to change monthly. 5.34 APR. 5.5. And low calls. This is 4.3560 WQM. I like to get a lot up the butt. RECOM. GALDI. GALDI. Talk on a court show. Try to do the macho. Your voice sounds just like a sad and hear-o girl. I'll in a sports home show. What else are you therefore? GALDI. GALDI. Talking like a baby. GALDI's a little draining. Buy cashier on their stand. You don't sound like a man. We fool the blah blah. That's coke. You're strong, don't you? GALDI. GALDI. GALDI. GALDI. You're lucky, man. It's been a long time. So I'll get a relief. You don't feel long there, I'll be there. As you'll be. There's more time to wait till your voice cracks. Oh, many of you know sounds like That should find another job. And they should only chase you back when both your baby's dropped. GALDI. GALDI. When you'reانn won't grow up. If they taht dress on a heath, you feel these weak people. Throw two of them' diamond school. You're free to Bishop's boys. Make sure.Never have ever seen us. Go,ья, ha, ha. Go,ья, ha. Nine selected by Executor will be having These programming changes come up on station. We'll somehow get some feedback on it. Hold these surprised when Scott for Elgo's on seven o'clock tonight if his first collar is blind Mike My my my yeah, cuz I'm thinking about Gildi's voice. He sounds like about On the year yeah, I get about nine Then he's like a little kid. Oh, I see age. Yeah, I'm not talking about inches. All of that's a room around the building But at any rate in Scott for Elgo course Really annoying voice in I've had all of that does fit in with soft Florida Cuz that's our motto in soft Florida is that we hate you no matter what it is like that so many He'll like be the voice of the community So very jackass rights and of course it comes right from Greg's mouth every time anything is in very jackass They don't even have a they don't call each other on a phone They have like a two way right like a next-held right exactly They have one of those intercom things so that you'd be an instant communication anywhere in the world For well joins WQM in part-time position a former nationally syndicated host Scott for all is joining QA I'm as the part-time talk shows and management said it could lead to a full-time position says very jackass WQM general manager Greg Reed said he's considered using for Ellen Howard David's morning show Who's ratings have improved recently, but Reed said nothing is imminent We would like to add more humor to the morning show Reed said For rll 37 hosted an national radio show for westwood one between 95 and 99 the program was broadcast in more than 110 stations his first WQM ship will be at seven o'clock tonight. How do you like that? Right out of the box right on the hot end of the hot plate How the car come my phone is ring out that must be a package must be delivered downstairs right phones ring the other we think it can be important Like poker Brian let it go get it. I'm just kidding So anyway, thanks again to new times to the not that screw new times like I said thanks to the readers of new times for picking me as the best day in host But if they just say you know they mix in matches what they do a little of this little that So the mad dog gets their pick because the readers picked me and then best FM radio personalities. This is interesting Paul Castro novo and young Ron Brewer Cuz I know George is a big fan of their show. Absolutely is that the readers picker there is No, that's their pick the readers choice is a tie between Kenny and Fudy and while 100 and Castro novo and young Ron that's a tie Where's the Howard in all of that Howard's firm? That's good point. Yeah, let's see. Well, I guess since he did this turn to the right Maybe that has something to do with it So there's the radio buzz. Let's think of our calls because we got to get the pull on for today We got to build it and shape it and form it and the poll two here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, sir But yeah, I've been listening for many many years and I enjoy your show, but I have noticed what thing in the static critique But I already got two butts in there You seem to you see always want to trash a lot of people. I want to ask a lot to lie not I'm trying let me say this. Let me say this to you. I trash people. I deemed deserving of trashing people I think our good people. I'll be more than happy to give them kudos and I do it all the time That's fine. My question is Why you such an angry man and why are you gonna die lonely? First of all, it's not an angry man and secondly, I'm not gonna die lonely. What what does that mean? And then certainly I'm so touched that you're so concerned about me. I owe Carlos a dollar. Yeah Because that was the George Hader guy. He usually rips me. Oh, I see so nowadays. He's broken me I'm not angry and it's a radio show asshole and you're an asshole. They did use it different voice today though Right out of the box. That's why my angry man because of assholes like you sir My life is beautiful of then assholes like you who have nothing to say here's a call from Bokeh. Hello That was probably Kevin and Holly we once a date with George yes sir. I'm not ripping anybody Well, why not? Well, I just got back from Amsterdam. All right. Oh, right. How was it? There was great except that with the Euro exchange rate. I got 82 cents. Yeah, is that because you're a Excent for a dollar was that unbelievable the Canadian dollar which was 62 cents last year 72 and now it's the Euro's a buck 16 They get 56 cents the Canadians. Oh Unbelievable. I knew I got a funny story. You know that club paradise? No. It's like a Swing type club over there and a guy into women walking to the place in their house Just sitting and watching around like tourists and turns out they were Irish tourists who wanted to go dancing at the pair of these Dance clubs I see shock of their lives when they were given towels and hold the strip when entering the club Oh, but they were good sports and they lasted I hope they used to my respring I hope so anyway, it's good to be back, but I'm just telling everybody that if you get an Amsterdam expect to get beat on the dollar pretty bad If it was it to crowded there? No, not at all not at all I've been there six times and I'd say the least amount of people I've ever seen really really Keep on traveling I've reached through customs. There wasn't you know like 15 lines. It's my M. E. Airport Yeah, not one line head of not one Customs office there had a line just one right through customs. Wow Is nobody's traveling But Anyway, it's good to be back and good to hear you again. Okay, thanks. I tried to pull you up over there on the internet But I couldn't get you Couldn't pull me an Amsterdam. I've been pulled an Amsterdam before okay, I'm glad you back pal. I have a great thing See, I don't understand that because I could always hear it over there first. I was right over the thing Let's begin a Amsterdam. Chang's bonds land in the hot water Tommy Chong and actor and comedian best known for teaching Chong movies since we've been movie intensive Please to guilty of violating federal drug-perfinity laws as part of a federal crackdown on the sales of water pipes and miniatures scales reports Bloomberg news It makes you want to cry, you know what yeah We've got people getting blown up all over the world. We've got the every kind of lunatic terrorist group out there just waiting to do our ass And they're worried about miniature scales and water pipes the actors Chong glass company offered in Sold thousands of marijuana pipes would Chong's picture through his website the West just department said the company manufacturing distributed the products from its guardian in California headquarters In February the justice department now similar charges against 55 people and companies the arrest and seizures Target a parapherf and idiom market that rips as much as a billion dollars in annual sales prosecutor said Prosecutors had Chong invested more than 290 grand in his family's parapherf and 80 business nice dreams enterprises under the plea agreement Chong agreed to forfeit the Chong glass dot com domain name all items of parapherf and idiom Seized and any proceeds of business When he sentenced in Pittsburgh in September he faces as many as five years in prison and a quarter of a million dollar fine Chong and his partner teach Miran Chant the famed late 70s early With a series of movies involving drug use and creative marijuana smuggling including up and smoke still smoking and Nice dreams. Oh my god Requiem for a nightmare is what we're talking about that's America for you Transjard. How's there I doing by the way has my friends here a goal for me Is there we're gonna be on television 27 after nine and five 60 WC I'm not forget Monday Scott for well and Goldie on the morning show Hey, if you're in desperate need of a job like probably Scott was here's the answer Forget about radio cuz it sucks get yourself some real training at fast train get started and a new high-paying computer job And just for sure at months you can have all the training you'll need to get yourself on one of these great jobs because Computer professionals are a higher demand than ever before So call fast rain is no obligation. They'll explain you how it works call one eight six six fast train And don't forget it's easiest pie because fast rain offers convenient They evening and even weekend classes and they're all over town so there's gotta be one convenient by you fast trains got locations in Miami They're in Kendall timber pines and for Loderdale one eight six six fast trains and number to call or even check them on the web If you like it fast train dot com get out of that dead-end job start making a big fat paycheck Air be payday with a real computer job and don't forget to register a fast train dot camera receive your free American flagbumpers thicker Call fast train today and be sure until that Todd Dreck told you call toll free one eight six six fast train And look this is for 205 Honey, you know are Kelly he's known for his seductive style his suggested lyrics and for having relations with underage girls Which means now all of his songs are inappropriate. That's why jail bait records presents are Kelly's greatest in appropriate hits with inappropriate tunes like Oh man is that ever inappropriate and that's why it's called our Kelly's greatest in appropriate hits with him proper favorites like Grind Nice it's our Kelly's greatest in appropriate hits you'll ask what is this perfe thinking when you hear completely inappropriate songs like Sex me your body's callingown low and as most recent inappropriate hit ignition I'm My Our Kelly she's not even old enough to drive so you'll have to get arrived for mom to pick up a copy of our Kelly's greatest in appropriate hits Hi my name is our Kelly Please my new CD so I will have enough money to feed a country Our Kelly's greatest in a full-beid year available wherever records still owners have no school with whatsoever Hi pretty what if I a 60 WQM here's a lady in somewhere in the Tampa, hello Thank you I have a question for you. I've been dating a staff for a little while. I'm getting ready to confirm it Relationship and He's on circumcised so that you think differently. Yeah, don't possess Okay, now speak of that the hot couples contest tomorrow Then the little bit strange away the show is starting today. Have you noticed? Just a little bit on the strange sign Anyway, the hot couple's contest deadline for your pictures is tomorrow Thursday May 15. I just mentioned that in passing because It kind of slowed down to a crawl. We got about a dozen dozen at Prince which is fine But the point being that what was the name's Aaron and Amy? Right that everybody was ubling and arguing getting all whipped up into a frenzy about Aaron and Amy But the problem is they sent pictures separate and we're a little bit that ain't gonna count Because again, it rules of the contest people can log out of our website and your rangers.com Email a picture of themselves with their significant other not like separately not from some of photo shoot in a model magazine But like with their significant other and of course if you don't do that you would don't qualify And of our will be the deadline by 9 a.m. by the start of the show tomorrow's the deadline Then we'll put the pictures up on our website for a week and next there's they may 22th couple of the most votes wins Three days and two nights at the for two at the world of waste is resort and casino into Bahamas with round trip airfare on Lake or air and run our kids dinner for two at the prestigious pizza loft Aren't you a little bit suspicious about that whole deal? Yes, I have I mean anybody can take pictures out of a model Out of a fashion magazine and send in pictures of models. Hey, that's that's me and then you know So we're just just matching that and passing plus a course if we'd probably not play before get some more pictures Now yesterday we found out that JFK at a 19 year old mistress Right and intern little mistress little tweaky. Thank God that we didn't have misguided her blue dress back in those days And the title's in and the Kenny star, you know now We got a new book that says JFK snorted cocaine with actor Peter lawford. They were snorten it All the two state of Frank Sinopf his palm springs house in late 50s according to an excerpt from a tell all book written by Sinopf's former valet Writing about the close friendship between Sinopf and future US president George Jacob said all of the Rad packs singer new a Kennedy's weakness for women and once so far through means lizons for me. He would not have approved of his drug use And the next term is forthcoming book Mr. S Release the new June edition of playboy Jacob said he was present on several occasions in palm springs when Peter lawford and the future president did lines of cocaine together He lawford's guest rooms The first time it happened Jack must have seen the shock look on my face for my back George Kennedy said to me What is bad boy wink Jacob's wrote ending that lawford played it with the mouth to tell Sinatra I got you out here. What you go out of going get that book right away, won't you? No, yes Of course we know what stands for tonight tonight's a big night ten o'clock on IFC independent film channel Requiem for a dream. Where's that music? Hello Sarah when you're gonna be on television Sarah Sarah gold far. She's one of our favorites Oh, she is the definitive softloaded junkie man perfect for us Ten o'clock tonight independent film channel if you don't have it the get somebody else who does have it to tape it for you That's your homework assignment. Here's our poll question today and we get around to with sooner later After these two stimulating calls that I took already and let me ask you this. How did you know who the first car was when you're not the one answering the calls? Carlos though was wink at me. I really well. I think that could mean some bells Maybe he's jealous over the guy and Hollywood that were Kevin or whatever the guy's name was wanted a date. Yeah Because that's what clearance whispered to when you went out to take a dump this morning He came in and said he's gonna want to stand online to In fact, there is he'll stand online for anybody anything that's warm Even like one of those things you put in the poster there's a little top-tarts Hill stand in line for one of those if it could just like kind of rub up against it He'd enjoy Here's our poll question today. Who is your favorite? Let me say it again. Do whatever. I can't even write my own damn poll Who was your all-time favorite character from the movies now? This again is usual will take a little bit of explaining because you audiences a little Move and case you have an other stove of the years Not who's your favorite actor? We've done that or actress. We've done that not who's what's your favorite movie? We've done that not what your favorite lines are who is your favorite all-time character from the movies? Which doesn't require you in other words when we put it on the poll? We're not gonna put the actor or actress. We're not gonna put the name of the movie because if you don't know the who to character is But obviously wouldn't know anyway right right So I've got a short list Howard Veal Sarah Goldfarb Don Coyoni Michael Coyoni sunny Coyoni We had to put Santino on there because of the plane you put it brains all over your nice side of the suit and Frank Booth How about John Boats Booth and Shirley Booth? So that's our short list with a Howard Veal surgolf our done Coyoni Michael Coyoni Santino and Frank Booth What are you fancy me this stuff cable? I already I already sent this to you when you're sending it back to me Both to be a cable provider to run ad critical abortion. I fasted to this morning. Okay. I thought it was a different one I thought it was a more up-to-date one Kevin believe me you don't want to date George okay. All the ways kind of desperate Now here's the fact that says I know this maybe bit lengthy. He had to write this is my facts software free trail periods about to run on Not that goes you and the boys have the most entertaining and provocative show out there. Yes, we do Anyway, I have some poor ideas. Well, I'll put that aside. I thought it was like something crucial And then we got another piece of crap while I take it a facts machine is humming the phone is starting to smoke a little bit We had those two idiotic calls to get a start. What were we're more could you want? You got for well on the radio. He's gonna be on seven o'clock tonight We got the new times loves a me and a mad dog and a humpers well Everybody on a goddamn stage give us a nice a sucked job in the new times. Thank you so much But what more can you want? I of course in you guys in your case probably some money But they can't afford to pay you guys any money because I'm taking all the big bucks Join George book a Brian Bina boy and super slacker Miguel this afternoon And they need to do this because of the fact they're not making a big bucks five to seven for happy hour treasure island Located off the pulmeto just north of the hundred twenty-second street exit this week's feature is the super soaker Stephanie Evans Stoff I would check her out enjoy drinks specials and when some prizes five to seven a treasure on what did you drop in that I didn't hear it all Scorts court. Oh from five to seven a treasure island. He just can't control himself can he be in her boy Just just like the people of it saying the cackling and dominating and dropping and all kinds of drop it yesterday I'm doing a thing about the movie he hasn't even seen yet He's dropping that in when he doesn't even know the guy to and movie the set by a woman or whatever it all was And what he said sent by a woman who horrible movie don't waste your time seeing it so last night George was gonna watch the game Right excellent movie with the Michael Douglas in the real life I already thought Didn't see it though because the fact it was storming and the power went out and it was like the end of the world It's sunny and beautiful that they hear it to Rato. I should point out it's a beautiful. They're gonna be 61 today 60ish nice crisp in a year Not a cloud in the sky And on the room around here and is it's either 95 in a shade or it's raining and thundering and lightning and no park and a real mess is what I'm here So I'll stay here and I'm sure the people are saying Oh right they are they're happy about that except the course for that first guy who wants to date with me I'm sorry You need it on the bridge Mrs. Clark is under attack by her I'm You're both that girl Mrs. Captain he's your hands yourself Mr. Oh, but report to my quarters in 15 minutes. Oh, right Let's see the chart of course for first in vlogger three So why some star trade coming to a fair area you mean 944 at 560 W QA and so anyway somebody says Darth Vader that was the inspiration why I play that Yeah, as if I need an excuse that was gonna cute that won the villain pole when I took it by the way Darth Vader. Yeah What we do anyway? What do you mean a one-to-one villain pole? It's a total like a regular and Frankenstein and stuff like that Darth Vader. Yeah That's a generation thing that's very unfortunate at any rate our peemic Murphy from untill over the cookers This is a great choice. These are on a fact machine. I've already taken the liberty deandies because it's my show and Charlie Chan is a good choice Which is things Charlie Chan sure never saw movie, but yeah, you didn't never saw Charlie Chan movie Well, why not not you told me well, there's something out your list after the first 600 so George never got to see the game All he realizes after seeing the beginning he already seen it. He's been using one cable right But then the power went out for hours and hours and hours. What a shame Boy, what a sad sad thing by the way Scott for all don't unpack okay sweetheart He'll hate it about five minutes. First of all after they call him the rip of an ash on here He's probably used to that That's given that the gravely son Scott See I'm not gonna like jump all over him because I don't know he may be a really good guy. I'll hold George said otherwise Of course you're doing the same thing with him. He did with Moe you know your poison here right right Did you say all kinds of crap about him this morning about one in particular? And do you have you met Scott for real no? See there. There he go Doesn't even know although I will say Scott I get a little advice before you start tonight. Take off those check-a-pads Yeah, because otherwise you know he'll get lumped in with a poker crowd like Moe and that's not a good way to get started Take off those check-a-pads. Okay. Calm down Moe calm down And of course Moe you can just imagine his hyper-validating He's probably driving my 400 miles a hour and his way back to them up to a bokeh because you asshole because all his Are contratops about how they have to may add Scott around the morning show to inject some humor in there And of course you know what happens once they slide somebody in like that then eventually Not too much further down to road. They slide somebody else out if you catch my drink You're on getting that now. What do you mean by that? So maybe that's why they were like praying for that winter book to be like a real bomb And then the most shocked him all by throwing a good number in here nice gone mall nice going In fact, I think we're gonna start taking his side just to piss off Greg I'm just gonna get even with Greg for all the tourists he's laid on us It's quite a great numbers. We've given him for five years plus and how little they've done in return other than my check. How little they've done in return as in nothing Yeah, but love an o'clock will put the up-hole up there Beiner I'm just mentioning that for being around the Eric so they can get their signals together Your all-time favorite character from the movies Howard Beall's silver gold farm Don Corleoni Michael Corleoni Sonny Corleoni Frank Booth trolley Chan arpemic Murphy and Darth Vader. This is gonna be great This is an interesting start to the list keep in mind separate in your mind the actor the actress than movie all of these things from the character This is this is probably the toughest of a mall when you say no you don't take so no for you It wasn't now because you voted for Frank Booth But I voted for Howard Beall and I really would like to have voted for the gun call. You all know Don Corleoni See right and I do love him and I love it but Howard Beall there is only one Howard Beall 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's Miramar hello Yes, sir. Hey, how's it going that great? Hey, um, it's a good thing you should not thought are cheat all about showing them I mean you're right, but it's enough to make you cry It is it's pathetic. I mean and it's like I mean just go to show me there's nothing to stop these Fascists who are in this country man Not just that country, but now they're even twisting the Canadians are my making an oven they can't refuse here So that they're having like water down their mirror wanted decolonization law to have like to pacify a US Yeah, I know I mean it's I mean there's no stop was man I mean it's just And you know like you say man the whole American public is just You know that's exactly it you did that very well No, that was that was it. I think that was the definitive description of the American public's a state of mind right now Man, I mean shit for I mean what do we what are we gonna do now? Yeah, okay? Have a great day, pal. Hey I had it did you hit it? Nope You didn't know well wine all right now. I did well two late now No, you don't want a time jick at a right another one of those things do you that's all we need is time jicker with his 4-letter word of the week column Fycella week is appropriate for his column. He's got all the new network shows on it. We're getting like 75 columns in a row about that again time you're so lame at him burrsing it's humiliating man. You're a joke you're an industry joke 5-670 560 pound and did the Sun Sentinel have anything now could be wrong. I could have missed it. I scoured their website Anything on scoffer well no Of course, they don't have the inside line like very jackass does to Greg's house or wherever Greg is hanging out these days 5-670 560 pound 560 now what are those little what does that mean? What are like the little stars he's put on is it like a new symbol your putters? That's just an accident No, that's so I know which ones they uh Don't let on but that way they don't bother me bother and call me every five seconds What when a so I'm supposed to put him on but you're not going to is that it? Why would you put him on you can just keep doing what you're doing here's Miami. Hello Oh brother I told you I told you don't put that guy. I did not tell you that you won't listen Here's Miami lake. Hello Yes, sir. Hi. I'm sorry. Good morning. Yeah, and boyness to you My old time favorite movie characters been James Bond That okay that that well, that's great. I mean there's been several James Bond's but I guess you know I see that's a tough one because there've been so many different James Bond's there's only been one of these other characters But there's only one James Bond well, which one is that charm Connery? That's all James Bond. It's the character Not you know, no, you're you're wrong. It's not the character that that's the point that Kai that that's like saying sure lock Holmes Is a character Roger I like the Roger more one. Okay, well, that's I'm gonna put down thanks a lot See Roger more no, yeah, in that case when there's been like you know Yeah, well, how he can't just put that Well, I'm not no not not any of some of the Rogers. I thought that's what a character was Independent of the actor How can you compare Sean Connery as James Bond not with Roger more or not? But we're talking the the definition of a word You know what you're doing is nitpicking is what you're doing. I don't know what you're doing is being extraordinarily unbelievably unacceptably annoying. Would you agree? Vina boy What Who is your all-time favorite character from the movies now the character is defined by who plays it if there is several if there are a bunch of different ones Okay That would be launching Batman Right right he's a character has the end Batman been played by the same character in the same novel no question ever No never what I guess what it's my pole and that's the way I'm done. All right, okay In fact, uh, you're right. I'm gonna cross it out Just put James Bond because if we do that then we'll have that James Bond with the Sean Connery and who else play James But it was one other one there was the one before him though it only made one movie Tim Redalton No, whoever so we know we don't have the luxury of putting 75,000 choices on a pole especially for an audience that goes Look at them like that all the time so forget about it And speaking I forget about it you had a whole lot more votes yesterday than the cut Yep 560 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon line here's for a longer deal. Hello Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, it's really hard to pick one character over the years, you know Yes, it is that's why we did it. I mean for a simple what would be the point of doing it? Well my vote would be for Alex the large clockwork orange. Oh, I need to change my vote Worked orangey Gardener and being there took a time no no try one all right Alex the large Alex will do okay Thanks, no Tom bring his own toothpicks. Okay. Thank you That's a good choice export and it was only one guy that Malcolm McDowell was the only way to play that character So we don't have to put down this one or that one not a whole bunch of Alex's it was Alex Bennett 560 560 pound 560 now is there something going on with these lines here Well, I guess not maybe they just don't like this poll question. Okay, because it certainly isn't Simulating the way the other ones have been and to me like I said I think this is the most interesting one of all all the when you see when you do the James bomb You just say the character I don't know they know you're talking about everybody will pick it based on their favorite version of it So another was we can put sure a lot of homes sure I Mean Darth Vader was three different guys. Yeah How do you know That's a good for sure Were you were you checking out of the outfit we checking out of the head gear? That's a good point. Yeah, so you better double check Sir, I said he'll do it for you 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello Neil yes sir Don't know his name, but Lee Erme the drill sergeant from full metal jacket Start his name He doesn't know the name of the character so we can't do it yet sergeant something well somebody will know okay All right, thank you. Thank you. Okay. I know the actor's name But we don't care about what the actor's name. This is not the same pool right But I'll just go into my book and look up full metal jacket. How do you like that? How's that strike you? Hopefully right in the head Full metal jacket here's a funeral parade of roses Votano so it's so right to what the hell is there what kind of language is that? What that's a Japanese movie with Toshio Matsu Moto What am I looking for full metal jacket there's full money? Let's see full metal jacket the first half of us Kubrick's movie steers first southeast Asia, Yaniya It's got name the character, doesn't it it must Private Joker Private Joker. It's gonna be drill sergeant or Master sergeant something like that No Oh, and they and look at that they actually have that word in here town jica better write a column about my time Movie book They have the s word in there. It doesn't have the name of the character so somebody will know okay Somebody will show the movie Sergeant somebody 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and this is a tough one That's one of the reasons gonna restart it Hartman. That's it Gunnery sergeant Does he have a first name? That's all that it says here gonna restart it Hartman. I'll pick the uses first name in the movie really yeah because he's a cool sergeant So they're not allowed He's a drill sergeant. That's a kind of current. He's looking for 566 and oh and that's a good for pie too if you see pie the end of the movie. Sixthly of real miss head I mean it's a good movie to see but it's not gonna ruin it for it because I mean if you can't tell that Washington everything all the way through yeah, that's all right. If you had a thing like that growing on the side of your head You'd probably put a drill in a two direct try to make it go away Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello Hi, how are you doing great? How about Randall Patrick's Murphy he's on here our our P. McMurphy. Oh, he is yes, he was one one the first ones Then I have to go with Sean from the norb before Go with who Concealer and seeing that okay Okay, thanks. That's a great movie by the way. Shirley McLean Chancy. Chancy why? Gardner. He was a Gardner Wasn't he yes, he was well, he was a large hands and he was a Gardner, but they screwed his name up So they kept calling him Chancy Gardner all the way through the movie. Yeah, what you like that scene was really McLean and bad that's the same You are okay Hey listen, you know, she at least had the right part. Okay, it might be a little old and moldy, but yeah Chancy Gardner's gonna research in Hartman, Alex Delage and see we're not gonna put down the name of the movie or the actor Actress because if you don't know that then no, what's your qualification to vote? Huh, right? What's your qualification to vote? Probably the same as like in a 2000 presidential election. Okay, you're breathing I think they should only let's just a small handful of his vote Starting with nobody that likes bush. That should be the first requirement. We're sending us a good start sure So George and I will vote unless our George can vote. He's in there. Well, only I can vote illegally Well, and so Florida isn't right then stop anybody else 957 at 560 WQM here something that's legal. The likes of West spoke a great surfer Are you fat people out there you folks are a desperate to lose the weight the people are around the low carbon sugar free diets Including the icons this store is entirely dedicated to you everything they have in the store is for you And right now they're introducing the new almond snack cakes by control carb They come in blueberry banana or classic almond each serving each has only one an effective grammar carbs And you can try it and delight new chocolate raspberry muffin also with only one gram of carbs if you like something crunchy and much you to chew on Trum on their three new flavors of low carb bracket chips or Carons says he's got something much for you to so whether it's carbolite ice cream breads rolls cheesecakes chocolate's Post-insuces or any of those 600 low carb foods the lights are West spoke is a place you're gonna love shop and and there's staff No's dieting inside and out there helpful. They're open every day seven days a week 10 to 10 and they create a Most complete line of I can brand product in the world and even better news is the icons products are always 25% off all day Every day circus each or Sunday you name the day and they're always 25% off So ahead for the number one low carb sugar free store in the world It's the lights of West spoke on the northeast corner of glazed in 441 right next to Boston market You can call him toll free at 1 877 low carb or check him out on the web at low carb dot com don't forget There's only one the lines of West spoke it's your official atkins retail center Mobile Week You use my brain for the villain my own theory I would say all my soul's my place All the puns that I see Like a false friend I believe they're my friends And they're really care about me And always true Could be the same thing On a chariot on me, mate I know that they're in the bypass The crudies of the Lord I love my calm, my money's gone That what I'm lately before It came from my family I'll take it all the green But I have nothing to ask So I should be alright Until they come for me And always true Could be the same thing too Now that's our own way, mate I've got the dream And the fake hit true Yosemaw Because it's sorry I don't do this, mate Because we're here We're here Look at that, we're here We're here 10.03.5.60 WDQAM Radio Toshio host to keep seed on Brown University panel Let's dig news again Another gigantic spread in the Sun Sentinel Big story, mystery, govels down the Brower County School diversity board Anybody care? No Thanks for this video, mate Rubenstein, we'll talk about in sisters relationships Talk about another ego trip Talk about more bull crap about nothing Big army chronic fancier big army says for our poll To the Inspector Clues, so you know I'm thinking about this poll And usually I'm pretty comfortable and happy with what I'm doing I'm doing a poll I may not have done this right Is that possible? No, I mean could I make a mistake? Because I don't know I think the premise is okay, but I think it's fine Yeah Inspector Clueso Who is your, I'm not talking about that one Who's your favorite all-time character from the movies? Well for example, Johnny Depp and how come since we were Johnny Depp And since in the other day, nobody ever said if you were in low thing in Las Vegas Where you play his hundred-res Thompson It was discussed on one of the movie polls that we did I thought he did a great job in that But I never saw it even though he was in it Doesn't even look like him Oh like I said Anyway, so how do I as Thompson I'm putting down because that's the character he plays Correct, and somebody facts that in Okay, here's the list and maybe maybe it's okay I'm just the James Bond thing is disturbing to me Because it would seem to me that if you're going to do this Get any significance from how people feel about it You'd have to know which James Bond people like the best not just the character So I think you're full of crap I mean just in general principle I think you're full of crap But especially on this but if James Yeah, if James Bond was their favorite character because say Sean Connery's portrayal of it Right, then that's who they're referring to when they choose that Well how do we know that? We don't and we don't care Okay, why not be like ourselves department We don't care Did you just pass me that thing from poppitol park or I had a fact's nothing Oh, then I can't either from the pump and away. We're from Troy the boy. Let me take a look and see why because now his new deal is he just He just he just blind sheets of paper stuff scrolled out. You talk about a sale department It's just gonna hell in a hand basket not that they were any good in the first place Let me see where this came from Uh What is that all about? No, it came from from you I got you something You've asked me to want the reason you wouldn't know us because it doesn't have anything on top It's just a sheet of paper Carlos facts. I facts that I see and you know this one I'm saying you wouldn't even know what that was unless you go through reading the Troy I'm completely a bender long enough You've now joined officially the QM sales department He doesn't give a crap try used to be our one great hope our one great dark hope First referred a big improvement over his predecessor But not anymore he's caved in he just doesn't give a crap Everyone doesn't he care enough to send his very best he's lately sending his very worst You suck Troy you fit right in. In fact he's you know who probably is the one of the turnham I Raymond oh oh Yeah, because according to Bender boy, Raymond's a major asshole That's what we told in this morning. What you got to what who is your all-time favorite character from the movies Howard Beale Sarah Goldfarb Don Callioni Michael Callioni sunny Callioni Hey Santino has a call baby Don't think you put it brains all be a nice side of me. So Frank Booth Charlie Chan our P. Mc Murphy Now he's a good lot of votes sure Darth Vader James Bond that Alex Delage Governor Research and Hartman who probably it was a name Phil they fill Troncy Gardner hot arrest Thompson D Jones who the hell was D Jones? That was one of the facts is over There's a lost arc. I didn't see that oh Indian oh, and that's gonna get the Kevin and Holly would all upset you guys have such a little lot. I don't want to see waiters at lost arc. Okay. I don't want to see any of those action in the end of Jones in a planet of the rapes or whatever that was I don't want to see those. I don't care about those the planet of the rapes is funny. I don't care. I don't care What is a gang rape all the all through it? I see well, he's always on receiving and then we find it most amusing And I have an addition that was called in during the break. Well, just a minute just relax. Okay. We got to know him before we start playing the comedy But I'll think that it's Wednesday because this just we're not kidding. Are we sponsored today? We have any other ones. So maybe I'm milking to movie things Brian. Hello. Yes sir. Yes The paraphrase you don't confuse the actor with the character. The George is right you're you're getting away from the chair original premise was You want the actor you want the the character like a party Superman. Do you want a Reeves? What the guy from the TV series back in the 50s or you got want the Superman a broke his neck whatever his name is George. What do you want Christopher Reeves? Okay, perfect. There was George Reeves and it was Christopher Reeves. How do you like that? Okay, well, the thing is and it was Jim Reeves. He's a better source says is the actual character like you said. Okay, I'm convinced. I don't mean. Oh, or something. I mean, that's what that's what you want. Right. I mean, don't get up your premise. Don't confuse the actor with the character. See, but there you see you're giving me directions again. I see it like I don't want to fetch you give me directions. Well, you know get your right and get your right together. What the other deal. Okay, okay, calm down. Count that. Just a goddamn radio show. Okay quit taking it so serious. You know what I'm saying? No, that's right. I forgot three. It is life and death. This is our life and death pulled a day five six seven. Oh five sixty but I don't agree. I'm not convinced. Well, it's two different questions. I'll do it this way because otherwise it makes it all or it doesn't make it that complicated. How many characters are there of any import who've been played to any degree by more than one person if it's a character a lot. Dracula right like maybe twenty thirty guys have played Dracula Superman likewise Batman James Bond and some sure a lot. Right. Does it matter. In fact, there's another poll or series of polls that you can take who did the whole day James Bond, you know who. Who's the best James Bond. How long is that? Pulled hold on the last. Oh, we how many votes are we going to get on that? Yeah, that's about good. That's perfect for your polls. That's about how many votes you get anyway. Yeah, you're just whole audience votes three times five six seven. Oh five sixty. Hey, listen, if you could just get the publicity. Mr. Ego's getting there. Oh, and you know, here's another interesting thing. Remember that fact, you know, they rich, why don't I put Steve K. Noin right fill in. There was a Jewish fact. He was talking about to fill in. Isn't it interesting that in the nine to ten hour during the summer months and any other time the George fills in doing the show. Not that I want to go to bad for George because believe me, that's the top assignment. But you're up against him. Does Mr. Ego make a dent does he have any number whether online George is on the make any difference. We got the test pattern on OK. He's still has got like fractions. All right. So trying to give me a sign of that's about how George is so ponders and he's terminal and boring, which you know, all those things have got a point. But I mean, compared to Mr. Ego, he's like, so like a phenomenal like a Mexican jumping being compared to that old stale contrived right wing crap. Oh, how about putting Mr. Ego in addition, which I thought he had a job. Right, even though it's on a station that nobody knows what it is and nobody wants to hear it in the first place, we already thought he was gainfully employed. And certainly getting a hell of a lot more publicity than George will ever get. Just wait for like join the diversity board. Here's a facts from Glandus is I realized that A.M. format restricts the language out of the movie quotes you can put on a year. I mean, A.M. format. What about FM? But we say this on FM? No. No. It's the American F and way, Glandus. But since the poll is really an internet situation, perhaps you're going to hit that or even bleed permit words in quotes. While we're not doing quotes today, that was yesterday and we don't we don't believe him out on the internet. We put the word on there. We had the F word on one. Do we? Yes, we did. For example, my favorite quote from Blue Velvet when Dennis Hopper says, all F anything that moves. I'll bet given the chance many of us would have given that. Well, we could have put that on there. We could have nobody called it in. Right. Also, why are cartoons not part of the pool? Sure, George will cover the comic book situation and excuse me till over a long hot summer. You know, you don't do comic book shows. But cartoons are a valid movie art and do deserve to be included. Well, how many cartoons get a new name? Like what's your favorite cartoon character? Bugs Bunny, Porky, Big Fiddler's the cat. Superman, that meant it's his my tick for all time favorite character would be have to be bugs bunny. My favorite quote. What's up, Dad? Okay. Well, Brendan, thank you so much. Who's that friend of mine? 1013 and 560, they just keep on coming baby. Oh, yeah, let's hear it. The hits just keep on coming at the pizza lock with two locations in Broward for you now. What a great place. Now, one of these fancy schmancy places where you have to walk in dress to the hill to just a nice family, a laid back kind of atmosphere. The food is fresh. It's delicious. It's cooked to order. No lumpy mushy pasta. Everything is just like the fallen snow. That's how fresh it is. And Jeff Collins a pretty fresh guy too, okay. And the food just keeps getting better. Better the pizza lock. The original Broward location is in Davy. To show you what courage this man has got there on University, drive between Grivin and 595 and a pizza lock. Placer right behind Pier one imports kitty corner. The new arm of the little cafe. Zillions and Zillions of free parking spaces right in front. And delicious and sensational Italian goodies. They got chicken dishes in veal and seafood. Three different kinds of great pizza and clean that fugazzi. They got calzone super subs. The best garlic rolls you've ever popped in your post and all your favorite pasta dishes too. And the prices are so low you can take the whole family and a whole gang back over and over again. Here's the number for take I delivery and whatever in Davy and for catering 9 5 4 9 1 6 88 80 9 5 4 9 1 6 88 80. And now open also in plantation out by me where there's a girth. I mean a desperate need for restaurants like this and we got one now. The pizza lock is in plantation in a corner. Navhill and sunrise right behind the Walgreens. And for take out delivery and catering at that location call 9 5 4 3 8 2 99 the same great food the same gigantic humongous portions. And the same teeny tiny prices ready for plantation. Navhill and sunrise behind Walgreens call 9 5 4 3 8 2 99 for the newest world flaming pizza. The last. This is for 25. You way in. I will be performing your answer during today. Hi doctor, what do you know, what is say? How are you feeling, Mr. David? Like I did it to a York Department Patty. What do you think I feel like over here? But it's a simple heart fat or procedure. Just leave deeply into the basket if you won't feel it. I went on the fence. I can't move it. Nothing. Look at that. He's open up my chest now. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. After I go to the stick and off his pants. And now he's awesome. Right then my chest is very tired. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's great that my chest didn't like that one. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Oh my, you did not eat. Oh my, you did not eat. Oh my, did you not? It was a pure out of pure Roma. Even if I weirdly only wouldn't show up. You were like a fine of the mean. Well, it was like a time to me that I do where I always wanted to do. Go! Come on, go! Come on, go! Come on, go back to line! Why do you think you're throwing dancing on my grave? So, I thought you were dead, Mo! Of course I'm dead, I'm a zombie, a moron! You know what that means, Mo? I've got to kill you now! And how do you propose to do that since I'm already dead? Well, just let my never told you, Mo! Yeah, what's that? I'm guilty, no damn fire, slave! This is real! No, I got to stand here with my crab and stab! Not yourself, I'm punk! I'm an avoidhole, see? Why are you crying? To the door! The power of Christ can tell you! Oh, no! To the door! The power of Christ can tell you! To the door! To the door! What? To the door! To the door! Since when you had five, 60, a lot of movie stuff in Ant bit I just noticed for the first time, right? Anyway, we're not doing this right, I totally, I felt like a bad sick disgusting feeling and a pitomized stomach. Because I'm looking at all these fangs, which you've sent me about 7500 of them and you're going to have to specify the movie on a lot of these. We could, again, because when we were discussing it before the show, if they don't know the movie, if they don't know the name of the character, then how can it be their favorite character? Oh, it hurts, Packers out of control! Can we discuss this before the show today? Out of control, which is... Right, get a life, okay? Yes, we did discuss it, near the one I'd said it. Carlos was a bitch in about somebody calling on an inside line. He didn't tell me that that's who it was. Great, all the ideas I'd like. No, the hot line. I think that's who it was this morning calling on the hot line. Saying what? We couldn't get it, or I got it and it sounded like a lot of noise, maybe. But how do you know who it was? Because he called yesterday on that hot line. Which Packer? Yeah. To say what? I don't recall. Go away, where it's okay, you're a good guy, but get lost. Just out of control. See, this is what happens when the listener is decided that they become a little bit too important. Even the fat man, if that rich didn't call on the fat line yesterday, did he? No, we did not. And he's got that number, he even called that line. Just a disgrace, rich Packer, he used to be a good guy, but he's turned into a chronic. I can't believe this guy. Well, I'll give you the list, okay, Harry Callahan. I'm a dirty Harry, oh, fast, fine. Call Spacler from Candy Shack. I know it would be too long before we have a Candy Shack one. That's the QAM crowd. Perkual Paro. I got the Christie's Herkual Paro, POIROT, so you got it. Yep. Played by several actors, so like I've been trying to tell you, you can't put down which one you will like the best. See, that takes away all the fun from this poll. It leaves a good. Take the can only. I think you're, I think that other guy that you paid to call before I think you're both a little crap. Well, you could make it the other way, but then just add a line to the question. See, no, no, you don't need another line. Who's your favorite character? Sean Connery's James Bond. All right. See? Okay. Whatever you want. I don't think it's that complicated. Not complicated. Okay, now see the comic book character if you were to say Superman or Batman, it's fine. Because it's always the same. But to try to compare Sean Connery's James Bond would Roger Morph, for example, is that comparing apples with fruit casers? Or does it compare us in there? Yes, you are. So it's perhaps Stoker's Dracula that we're playing on there? No, it's not. See, that's interesting part of it is that Brahm Stoker's Dracula. I don't understand that. It didn't make any sense to me. Brahm Stoker wrote it. Okay. Todd Browning directed the aburient, the great version of the Velolegosi. The definitive Dracula. Like a real old man. Yeah, Gary Oldman. I give up. I like I said you talk. Here's the list. This is I have to represent the retards for the pull-place-foot forest gump. Yeah, wouldn't you put him down if you want? But then you'll have to put the name of the movie. Carl from Sling Blade. See, you can't just put Carl. That's my point. I'm sure he had a last name in the movie. Nobody's going to know what that is. Just put Carl in parentheses. See, I'm now I have to find not only audience. I gotta fight them two today. If I were to know this, I'd have called in six to next to several days. Carl from Sling Blade. Charlie Flowers for Aljuna. I had a Fagadorn. We're not putting him on there. Also for the drill sergeant in full middle jacket. I like him a lot of the character. I didn't know his name. So I think that's one that we should put drill sergeant from full middle jacket on there. Or at least full middle jacket. Sergeant Hartman? Right. Was it Mary Hartman or Phil Hartman? I thought you said it was gunnery Sergeant Hartman with who didn't have a first name. Right, but nobody's going to know that that's the back from full middle jacket. Even the people that like, so put full metal straight jacket and parentheses on it. So I'm trying to tell you, you lazy little spick. That's what I'm trying to, yeah, get with it. Anyway, this Fagdos is how about this? He says I know the Corlions are most obvious from the graph by the board about flat flat commenza. He's a good. Take the Corlions. Sure. I know, probably, that he's a great character. Just because you love the godfather doesn't mean this is certainly it's got to be Marlon Brando or it's got to be James Con or Al Pacina that was your favorite character. There could be any of those others. Who is your favorite character from the movies of all time? That's all. How about like a baby Jane? How about Betty Davis and Baby Jane? Could be your favorite character, right? Right. I didn't just mention that. Nobody is voted for yet, but the certainly should be on there. Baby Jane? Baby Jane? Got it. Are you a bit of put the name of the movie, Dawn? Now, here's another one. Could you please put Hank from me, myself, and I re-enplayed by Jim Curie. Says Anthony and I was Miami. Well, see, you're going to have to put down the name of the movie because if you just put it put down Hank, there could be any Hank. That was fun. Could be Tom Hank? Could be Hank from passions. You know, big tall goofy Hank that stands around and just looks good. Don't say nothing. You know Hank. Why don't we get a tremendous response on Scott for welding on the estation. How long have we had? No call. Well, they don't know who that is. We don't have the sports crowd. Just wait. Just wait till the sports crowd. Here's that scratchy, gravelly voice. You know. There's so this is us. This be us. Favorite character, sparky, gris wall, and the vacation movies. And beetle juice. Then you say, I'm writing them down. Okay. Favorite character, the wicked witch from the Wizard of Oz. There you go. I'll see you going to have to put the movie. Wicked witch, Wizard of Oz got it. I'm just putting information up. You facts it along the Eric and then you can get into a big brawl with him. Okay. I hope you want to do it. Because I still say I've done something very bad with this thing today. They've been so good. And yesterday we did like almost 300,000 hits on the website. We had a two multiverse response even during these dog days. It post a post-pace-au-hen-easter, which is almost impossible in South Florida. But I think we pushed into the limit. I think it's fine. You do? They have to be complicated. They call. They fact they say a name. We write it down. We put it on the pole. We vote. We listen to bits. I think what you're basically trying to say is we don't give a crap. Oh, and I was certainly second that emotion. 1026 and 560WQM. I'll tell you where they give a crap, which is why they're still around. And that's how the Pontiac GMC. The Neo deals just keep rolling out. They're like they're on an assembly line. And how the Pontiac. And that's why Tom Lamin and Joe Prado invited you to come in. I think it's a great advantage of these special deals right now of this great pair. The Odeo number one gets 0% financing for 60 months on every 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock. And the Odeo number two gets yourself up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC in Pontiac in stock. And a tension-court and former military personnel gets yourself an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Halib Pontiac. And as always, Halib's got a gigantic humongous, unbeatable selection of certified pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs without a single limit on the lot. And as far as credit is concerned, it's a piece of cake at Halib Pontiac because no matter how margin on your credit may be, even if you want to new Greg Reed, they'll still coach Adelaide Halib Pontiac. And don't forget when you're at Halib, be sure and test drive the Odeo SPIFI and powerful Pontiac Grand Prix 2. Halib Pontiac still cranked out on beatable deals at 134.01, septic sihawai, that's US 1 across from the falls open every day, seven days a week. For more information call the Nieldeo Hotline toll-free, it's 1-trivalade, 534-447. That's 1-trivalade, 534-447, no forget, all Nieldeo seem to decredit a provostee, neither for details. Halib Pontiac GMC, when you do your car shopping there, you'll agree with us. These folks definitely are pro-fessional Greg. Why in local care? We're sports-videal 56-U.A.U.A.M. Fragrers got... Coming up tonight, uninsigned behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story, we take a good, hard, stiff look and a start-up. It's only the evaded a few more years. They could have ridden an unexpected wave of popularity surrounding the consumption of human flesh. They were fine young cannibal. Well, we figured all names are pretty radicals, who they've identified with a cannibal, yeah? Fine young cannibal's lead singer, Roland Giff. So what happens? We take the night's in 89 and two years later, its silence at our f***ing labs, mate. 1991's Oscar winner, Silence of the Lambs, was about a man who ripped people's faces off and ate their liver's and brains. Clearly, he was that year's prestige, picture. It was May, Gave, role in the idea of looking up with Anthony Hopkins, you know, animal-de-canobal? Fine young cannibal's financially strapped manager, Slapie Gold. Was the inspiration behind a series of spoken word recordings featuring Hannibal Lepter, interpreting the works of fine young cannibals? I can't stop. Alright, I feel. Things you do don't seem real. She drives me crazy. Ooh, ooh, like no one else. Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. She drives me crazy. I can't help myself. Boy admit, I made an era in judgment. We paid so much for a 15 million quid and we sold. Let me see ya. Nine copies. Rumor has it that the rest of the band was so despondent, they ate each other. Of course, they did make very good food. They're British. It's a big juicy, sobbing went look at show business tonight, uninside the vibe. Oh, look at his hears an endorsement for Scott Farrell from Lynn Sangrel. She says in New York City, before the huge blow up with Opian Anthony, made them change formats, John Maynelly, the guy who first hired me at WABC, Lynn says so we all know he's got a good eye for talent. Was consulting at the WNEWN Head Feral in the morning show. I really like some. How do you like that? There's a little something. I really got what a gravity voice. He'll be on a seven o'clock tonight on QA. I'm sure we're trying to give him a good send up, are we? Yeah. As opposed to like Moan Gildy this morning, a lot of sarcasm and air drippin' with sarcasm and be just because Greg again opened up his mouth and very jackass. And made a cost to combat. We're trying to insert a little bit more comedy, a little more humor on it morning show. It must have said that a whole bunch of times. About two minutes. This morning, okay, toward the end of the show. And probably because they're both nervous. When you think, I would think. When you'd be nervous knowing where the Greg runs at place like it in St. Assalam. A Hannibal Lecter was just an admit there. Why the hell is he on there yet? Well, he is now. There you go. And Clemens, are we got right? We got it. Spacler? Vakula? Not grand stokers, Dracula either. Okay, bein' or boy, you idiot. Right, Ariel moves. Oh, yeah, you're over the old win. That would be like saying, what's his name? Peter Cushing. Yeah, I have to say to that. Anybody would say Peter Cushing? I say, Kushner and Tussles, how do you like that? He did do I in the background. He did it. What? Gary Oldman. But it was a totally different movie. Yeah, I was in a middle similarities. What's the other except for the teeth? Well, see, that's why I'm like, I'm stumped. Because I don't know how you can compare. I understand Dracula was a vampire, okay? He was a vampire and transatlantic. I can't explain it. Yeah. But what other than that, there's no similarity between what you're talking about. That's like Sherlock Holmes. Who's the other jerk that played Sherlock Holmes like, I'm, uh, a, uh, a bit of whole bunch of them. But there was one in particular and may have even been Peter Cushing out of it. I mean, he was, there was only one Sherlock Holmes and that was a razzled bathbone. Who went through this 50 million at least. Maybe not 50 million, but about 30 million times. So I just feel like this whole thing is screwed up today. So I'm doing my disclaimer. I've had washed my hands of it. Everybody else likes it. I hate it. You ought to still like it that much because I don't see like this. You, you four of us. But the lines are full the facts. They are. The lines are not full. Look at line five. You said that for eight or eight. I'm, I'm picking up line nine. Cool. It could be that guy again. Q a m. Hello. And you're letting the website go on up. It does. That's the guy again. Oh, this is the guy again. That's the same guy. This is on private line. We got rich packed are calling on the bat line. We got this guy. He's, I'll tell you, this is a great idea. I, I just came up with a sensational idea. I'm sure. We'll assign each line to an individual. Not necessarily. And then that way because you know each line actually does have a different phone number. Right. Right. And then that way as soon as the line rings will know who it is. Oh, no. Oh, I can't. I like this guy. I like it. Like his name is Joe or whatever. Oh, there's Joe. Yeah. Well, exactly who it is. Well, you know, this computer program is set up to use caller ID. Notice the little phone number with all the unknowns written down there. But you have the name come up when they call it the activated. Here's a member of Pines. Hello. Yeah. Hi. Yes, sir. Rocky ball ball. Rocky ball ball. Huckabee forget old Rocky. Okay. Thank you so much for people with an IQ lower than their opinion size. Rocky ball boa. Yo, Adrian. So there you go. What's your standard make a little progress. Now this was a little slow out of the box all because of the James Bond thing. See if that guy wouldn't have called in James Bond so early on. We could have proceeded here all the way. We got to Dracula and little beiner boy. They're pushing that Gary oldman crab. You want to look to be an old man. I'll tell you right now. You better cut the crap. Mr. I'll tell you. I'm going to stick Raymond on you. Because you know that everybody loves Raymond. And it saves department except for Tommy except for Tommy except for being a boy except for us. Because Raymond is an asshole. Right. We know that. So Lynn says Scott for well is of course. He's not a sports radio person. So she probably has no opinion one with it. But she's trying to like do when I think that. Give a nice send off. That's going, Lynn. I sure hope you don't know Matt Fudge. Oh, that brings a good point to mind. And what does that? I'd be really careful about Lynn Samuels and Dorsland. Are you picking on my close friend Lynn now? But why do I should point out she don't like you? I know. I don't mean personally but on the air she thinks you suck. No, she wants my job. I think that's accurate. And maybe she can do like a two-girl show with Miss Fudge. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. Now how come you're not paying that heavy been fucked? Because I don't have that yet. That's a dredge packing. Oh, I don't have it in here either. It's in the vault. It's in the vault. And the bowels of the boat. What is it that you guys are doing there on your skirt time? Be setting the uh, be setting me up. Is stupid. Yeah. Oh, that's the thing. I couldn't even hear it. I can't find the other one. I need someone to do it. That's the reason. That's the distorted screw up bad one. Yeah, we can't find the good one. We're working on it. Okay, we want to get the perfect Fudge from Miss Fudge. Josie Wales. Vito Corlione. Now I've got Don Corlione. Is that good enough? I mean, his name was Vito. In fact, actually, hi, his name was. His name was Vito Andelini from Corlione. Wasn't that his correct name? Was that his correct name? Right. Vito Andelini. Dick Corlione. I said, they, the Corlione. Ti. They sounded Spanish. Well, I'm so sorry, okay? I'm so sorry. You cannot talk about it. But, come on. I don't know a lot of stress. A lot of pressure, man. A lot of pressure. Do we have, uh, I don't even know what we got. Rocky Bell bow ahead of a lecture. Clemenza. Spacler. Dracula. Of course, that's, uh, Brahm Stoker's. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5. See, you're absolutely wrong about this. I don't care. You can argue it from now until a cows come home. But, the fact that it matter is it's not the same character. I generally speak generally speaking. I would say the general thing would be all you need is the name of the character. But in cases where they were played, uh, by multiple characters. And it was like one that really stood out above the rest in your mind. That would be the one you'd have to specify. Just like we're putting certain movies to show you about like the wicked witch. I'm sure you guys more than one wicked witch. There was more than one hang. Hey, stop it. Right? Yeah. So that's my point. But I'll go along with you because it's a lot easier that way. We don't want to overburden Carlos and the certainly not Eric. God forbid, he should burn out more than two, three calories. How many calories you got to burn off today, Eric? I've turned him in. Here's North Miami. Hello. Our candle. Hello. Anyhow. Yes, sir. How about a Papa Dora when the Fritz collection, King Hackman? Was that his name? I was a little. Papa Dora? Yeah. Was that an injury? I know. And also, uh, rap to a reto. A rattle result. Midnight cowboy, excellent. Thank you. Rattle, Rizzo. I knew that'd be on there. Didn't you? Oh, yeah, sure. Papa Dora from what? From the Fritz collection. He said that was the character Gene Hackman play was a Papa Dora. I thought it was Papa Dora. Maybe that's what he was saying. I don't know. He had like a kind of an affectation. It was hard to understand what the league was talking about. You know, I'm like a soft lord of nerd. Okay. Papa Edoel? Papa Edoel. I don't remember the name of the car. Remember the movie? Of course the great Gene Hackman. We love Gene Hackman on his show, no way. Yes. And you still don't remember the conversation, do you? No. Good movie. Twenty before 11, although we better start getting entertainment, uh, weekly. Right. And in fact, you know, when you're on your first date with him, maybe he can give you like the address. Tell us where to go online to make sure we can get the subscriptions for that. So we can talk a little bit more knowledge about because we don't know anything about movies. Or maybe he could bring it issue with him. See, if I were such an expert on movies, I wouldn't have had these great last couple of ways where I got to see the happiness and the game and American psycho. If I were to see all of those already, what would have been the play? Requiem for a dream? I mean, if I was one of these movie intellectuals and new stuff inside and out, if I was like Cisco and an ebert. And I still say, why did the fat one might he have to live? Everybody like Gene Cisco a lot. Roger ebert. Enough fat people already Roger. Don't take it personal, but we don't like you. He always just bugged a hell out of me. Roger ebert. Still does. And then he married a black chick in Minnesota for tax purposes or some crap like that. Like he was going to fool somebody who's he couldn't. Can I smudge? Or Roger ebert? Excellent pull question. Keep that in mind. 1042 at 560 WQ. I'll tell you something else to keep in mind. Who's going to be the guy's going to replace Troy Strathford? For the work, I'll tell you can't complain about what he's doing lately because it's indescribable. But can't use the word on here to describe it. I think it begins with an F and an S. And a B. Hey, I'll tell you what begins with a B and that's a brandy business which also begins with a B for over 25 years taking care of people's feet. Hooking the upper to best name brand, choosing the universe. They got all the tough names like rock ports, echo is Mifisto, Timberland Clark's S.A.S. floor shop, all the names that you know in your feet love. And they've got a wide range of sizes of brandies. That's one reason they've been around for so long. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. It's been since the beginning of the year. Here's your page. Record it! have been disloyal since the late 40s. So don't be a schmuck, you're in luck. You always just don't throw from a branch office. If you drive up windows, so big, high there you could drive a tank through there. And every day from the best make up Palestine. He's guaranteed the big kosher. Our main branch is between KFC, Kadafi's right camel. And yes, here's our missertless. Divest make up Palestine. Remember F the Oivem. And he called Kabut's lender close at the day. Look, well, in the office, just off Main Street. Turn right with the boyman Bush. Oh, hey. 47 at 5.60, W.C.M. Another facts from Rich Pactors say, Sorry, it wasn't me never called it a bad line of QA. Must have been parvigionier. Have a nice life. Now, see, have a great life. Have a great life. But see, that's generally, people's way of saying, I'm not going to bother any more. Bye, bye, bye. But they don't stop. PS Fargo still blows. I think parvigionier may have a point about Rich Pactors. We weren't really aware of maybe it wasn't there on the surface. But bubbling underneath the surface is like a very chronic eye. Inspector Kussel, I thought we were going to hand that under. I see my hand writing on the sheets already. And there are thank you so much. That's my fault for not being able to list. And we're not really building this list very good. What do you mean? Because we don't have that many names on it. Who's your, there ought to be a Zillion names on here. We don't want to think. Not third man. At least. We had a Zillion. We don't. At least I don't unless, well, that's not right in the mold. Move it pretty fast. What does that mean? The list is building really quickly. Who is your all time favorite character from the movies? And of course, I'd love to clap a lot of a photo on a pool. And we'll see how much away the wind is blown. Howard Veal, Sarah Goldfarb. See Sarah Goldfarb, they're not going to know who that is unless they send. But again, if they didn't see a movie, they wouldn't vote for any. Remember, nobody seen it. Can you try to get people to talk about it? Three people called. Requiem for Dream. Right. But tonight. Tonight 10 o'clock on independent film channel. You better watch it. And I'm the one that supposedly knows nothing about movies? I'll grant you what I know about movies. You could put a fimble and have room for Tom Jick's fat head left over in there. But, uh, guess what? What? Just in the last two weeks or two here, I've gotten a great education. Seeing more good movies in the last week than most of these people have seen in the last 10 years. Sarah Goldfarb, Don Corleoni. Michael Corleoni. Sonny Corleoni, Centino. Frank Booth, Charlie Chan. Our P. McMurphy. Mr. McMurphy from Kukusnes. Darth Vader. Are you picking on Billy? Billy? Billy? I wouldn't. They're snatch it, boy. James Bond. Alex Delage. Remember when they were playing that movie, the Kingston trio hanged on your head? No. Well, they weren't. I would just think that I won't see where he went off the prison. He was standing there with his thing hanging down. What the drill sergeant? He was the rated drill sergeant. Gunnery Sergeant Hartman. What a great dissimilar that was. Gunnery. Do you hear what he just did, Carlos? Is that a cackle? Gunnery Sergeant Hartman from Full Metal Jacket, Straight Jacket. Chancy Gardner from being there. That was a great movie. Hot arrest Thompson. Played by Johnny Depp. Now, you said didn't look anything like Johnny Depp. No, he did. Like a wig and a beard. Look at that. He looked like Hunter. He looked like Hunter. He looked like Hunter. He looked like Hunter. He looked like Hunter. But they kind of shaped him like Hunter. You know why. And we were Scissorheads. He looked like Hunter. He was like a тот. Yeah. One way of seeing him beautifully, looks like Hunter. This work because he's taken up the kill situation. It'd be dangerous to close his eyes. But some of the people in the house were arrogant. One day they were out there. Oh, where does it lost arc? Inspector Cluso Stanley Kawalski, Dracula, Stackler, Tomenza, Fat Tomenza. I always thought it would been Tomenza. No, it's the smart one. Testio was always the smarter one. Hannibal Lecter and Rocky Belboa. That's a very short list. We should have a lot more than we should have at least. Not third man. A thousand on air. Don't worry about that. Dominic, one to you. A bigger part? From Fatso, Dominic, Dina Poli. Dina Poli. Oh, sorry. Dominic, Dina Poli. It's Dina Poli. Boys, don't you remember? I do know. Not third of that. You're ass. When he grabbed the keys out of his hand when they're dancing. Remember that? Yeah, I do. Timita Kees, Jr. What a great movie that was. That's another one nobody has seen. Nobody has seen Fatso and only Fat people were appreciated. We cry, we laugh. I feel sorry for me. Such a great line. I feel sorry for me. I'm sorry for all of us because they've let us down. Get the money, Jr. He was a great character too. I bet you he'd get some votes. But where I wouldn't know who that is. I'll see you up a lot. Sunny lapalada and Oscar Lupetus. We're going to put them on. 560, 050, 50, pound, five 60 on the AT&T line. Here's North Miami. Hello. You talking to me? There was his name in that. Travis, and taxi drivers, and he did it again. I'm the guy. I'm the way in good focus. Travis Bickle? And taxi driver, and then he did it again. It was the narrow. And he did it again and good post. Everybody was seated again. Now I'm going to say. Okay, thanks. That was the same character. It means the line. We're not the lines with yesterday. I think this guy's doing a few too many lines like JFK and Peter Loffered. I'd say Peter Loffered. There was a really strange dude. He was got like currents. Only at least he had some success. Before my time, don't know. Don't know. Peter Loffered would do anything that moved including guys and gals. No one knows. He was just a horny kind of girl like the Kennedy's. You know, a very horny Kennedy kind of guy. Travis Bickle got it. And you know something they had. I saw that in the story yesterday at HMP and I didn't pick it up. Taxi driver. I was just saying I need to see that again. But I guess I better see my mentor first. Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. Glenn Gary Glenn Hill. And some of these others that I have piled up. But I would be a while after my vacations over. Nothing I'm looking forward to my vacation. But you know what? I'm looking forward to my vacation. Join George Boca Brian Bina Boy and Super Slacker Miguel the Saphne noon five to seven for HMP or Treasure Island. And tell Miguel he's a sucker for getting married. Be sure mention that to him. I do often. Treasure Island off the pulmetro just north of the 120 seconds three next year that's five to seven the Saphne noon. This week's features the super soakers definitely have and she'll be soaking it and shooting it. Stop by to check out her stuff. Enjoyed great specials and when I was that what he said and Bogey nights I want to see my stuff. Well maybe she's got some stuff. Enjoyed great specials and when some prizes five to seven to treasure Island this afternoon with all our purves released as many as the muswings weaves in there into what Oprah Brian's gonna be there. Right. Now he ever get that straight now with parents about the email and this and then see when muff is there everything is so it's just you know like an assembly line because Muff don't have much else to do anyway. But with clearance because clearances I would have a heavy involved in sports. And current's of course is trying to make it seem like he had something new with a for wealthy keep that in mind audience because it was really great read that's obviously the one at the broth that guy in there he interviewed him who did clearance he interviewed Scott for real on that that's that's so sad I mean I don't want to pick on clearance because he's a good guy to guess my money on time every payday but I mean for a guy like for real who's 37 years old clearances about what 10 come on 14 14 I to come in and be interviewed for a job by like a kid it's a young enough to be your son right just above right almost and of course no matter how old parents is he seems like 10 years younger because he's so unworledly you know he's like a little huh why do you say that because it's true oh he doesn't well I don't know he's not a man of the world in other words he doesn't come in and I'm not not gonna be doesn't come out what you'd say a great presence yet he's working on it he's moving his way up the latter he's sucking his way to the top but he's not the you know I mean be in a boy told me when it comes to the second part he ain't even must leave yet five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on he had but you remember what they said clearance practice makes perfect baby take it for me here's for a lot of day hello hey no great sensational good it's what I told you yesterday because my favorite line is also my favorite act of betraying okay I'll give you the line you'll know it and see how lost in my little friend and that was out but she knows greatest where was the one there wasn't any what's that you know and did they will on our police today should point out it was in the top uh... did extraordinarily well and that's my choice thanks pali say hello to my little friend or you can see it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen now the pull we do this break the pull goes up there right here right right i wish i was good this is really turning into a trying experience i mean we are trying but it's bringing to a really trying experience ten fifty six and five sixty q a m your my and local well i mean can you something my crook friend but the president if you will come on senators senator dove wouldn't be better to have to get that's not a bad idea gives us four hundred billion dollars for the lead maybe even to the Clinton library her food leadership is about bad economics and can you believe women's rights law because we're stronger are you looking for one let's give up our homeland security education social security and medicare oh eleven o'clock how about somebody from deliverance uh... i guess not i mean but Reynolds character was very good and that baby was great he's like a pig but but nobody was as good as banjo boy yeah that's true and he would even have a name right uh... well we know his last name was bee's leave but we don't know his first five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen ten and barisraelis line what's your favorite all-time character from the movies it's a damn good thing it's wednesday because this is turning out to be a really draining experience the good news is yeah my phone rang twice the first one was one of my upsc and all one of the uh... did comedy disc or something and the second one would is uh... was my bed thanks to my good post friends at down mattress my bed is ready for delivery here my king size sird a bed is that incredible or what certainly because i never really dreamed it was actually going to happen all the way up here in torado but thanks to my good close personal best friends at down mattress it's a reality it's going to be great i'll be able to put my s on one up here in the bed too thanks folks thanks guys at down mattress even thanks to fat boy although uh... well through the city out of the hospital yet don't know no updates yes yes he is he is out of hospital why do you call you yep well tell him thank you so much thanks fat boy even though you're a real gigantic huge pain in the ass and probably will be dead soon but never less thanks anyway she's good to say thanks for all he's still alive as opposed to raemen that's heels guy room in fact uh... raemen i'd like to break the news to you he's an asshole yeah we're on the uh... we don't like pushy guys who come in off the street somewhere who probably been can there last eight or ten jobs in a row at least i'm sure to man yeah and the start push it uh... people around you know he thinks that because being a boy's a little punk he can start to bitch in him out well i've seen that type there a dime a dozen people at pick on the little people you know right pick on a little people like our like a engineering department same kind of crap terrified of me scared schmittless of me but they pick on a little people like being a boy as you make it like uh... you know two fifty an hour anybody can do that just like the hump or back in his early day those days picking on the board ops pick on those little sports nerd kids you know and i cured them of that and you welcome hang here's pop at obi chill out hey new guys yes or speaking that can't be said what all the other stuff you've got john home to johnny what john homes is your favorite character oh hey look could be you never know i mean it could be uh... that's our crowd uh... why i've got you because i don't get that much of a jense of call at any more good friend of mine has always wanted me to ask you this question he's guys the lucid tell me some of his business whatever happened to joker he's having a good time he thought he'd write here he was a little late for the whole right now he's in the south Pacific somewhere and he's a got that thing around his neck he's got a little lay and have a great day rams with lee joker's been here he had well you know it's typical south food or crooked politicians we love it we you know i would see people complain about it but they really enjoyed because they like putting back in her get like roll martinis joker rollo up into a point five six seven oh five sixty and many days his kids don't like it i heard his kid is the one that's making those new twenty dollar bills do you see the thing about the new currency now no turn into counterfeit so it got like peations peation blue in a background however you have to look really hard to see it you know uh... ask peaches into treasure island this afternoon she'll tell you about it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon light and the pole is up totally what i tell you eric is right on top of it he's so sick and tear to play in the taking back seat to be in her boy even a bina board is the one that put our uh... website on a map your all-time favorite character from movies but it was only a couple of what's on there so far twenty-nine ten is got three james bond oh not now where did that come from it says james bond in parenthesis shong khaneri i guess it's a holdover what do you mean when we when they thought we were doing that we are doing that okay then uh... james bond shong khaneri two forest gum two and well i mean just couple of oats it's just one up on so i i i i i i look at that Dracula carry oldman or Dracula bellolagosi that's not a bad idea i see that's the way to do it who did that thank you everch who said thank you you did that yep that's the way to solve the problems that let be in a boy be the mediator now he's mediating the dispute and he's pacifying everybody this way uh... you know all are you're not happy with that because it's like spits it up i don't care how much fine is it okay do we hear a stamp or we're not that i care i could give a crap less but uh... at least it sounds like we have a lot of one happy family here at the q m by the way for all on the radio takes over to how we're doing so Monday what it's just a little joke i don't want to get more well-bent other shape he's been he's been a hidden in a new year this morning we have a little not a brief almost a bonding session a james bonding session he can feed a part with a wall in between us but it was uh... instead of the usual clear there was like a little nod like an acknowledgement other's existence like we're breaking through the cold war don't do it again five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line here's for a lot of day hello yes good morning you know i've got three for you this year the tree make it uh... i'm sorry i'm going to yes on there oh he is on there okay you're a ratchet misraint this ratchet okay yeah and uh... i would say probably jolpock from the night i'll wait i was going to call you yesterday when we're doing lines uh... on the movie we would you would do a line yesterday uh... i got good binoculars i see you got anyway uh... ratzo you think i'll i'm walking here walking here remember we slammed the jam on the taxi uh... and uh... that that was a pretty good line i used to here people come up with that and uh... i was trying to say i have one more and it's just i draw for just the vanish will thank i feel that have a great day pali thank you okay you two i said rattle visual on time we go but i think we ever put a dot i see i'm out right now all down some depending on you guys it's on the james bond shon contrary for now do we put james connolly uh... rager more can we give them that option james connolly shon more see i don't see that on there well nobody's been a vote for that anyway and if i thinks it rager more is uh... the best james bond uh... go away okay we don't like you there's a lot of them go have a date with rich factor we still like rich factor he don't want you to take it personal but you know don't act like so benad a shape rich you just get a lot of control so anything else every now and then when you get out of control you have to be slapped back in the wash a little bit favorite character p-o-tool as Lawrence of Arabia says don thank you don now how do we do that i just wrote that Lawrence of Arabia yeah because there was no one of the Lawrence of Arabia was there except for the real one except for things Steve Lawrence how's eddy gorm do i was actually somebody once in egorm on television i can't remember who was i didn't find it would but i found it's solvenet uh... the movie place and it's true story they have the old ed Sullivan TV shows did i get it no but it was really big shoe but there's a guy talk about a man with no talent that's a good poll we've done that before person dead or alive with the least talent who made it the biggest ed Sullivan he was just a columnist just a flocking comments for the new one of the earth papers new york mirror one of those defunct the newspapers and all of a sudden he was on television yeah if you ever watched any of those of the had salutely a night someone to explain the i mean you talk about the amateur are he was a stiff as a two by four he was i mean he had the personality of a dead man he let even algoors like a Mexican jumping being compared to the Sullivan and he had a piece of the column and Solomon she thought it was Jewish five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen ten horizon line your favorite all-time character from movies are big noon to one comedy but stars come up in twelve thank god that we got the mad dog at one we got all i didn't see that guess what we got a three here's the guy on poor aforella is first day anyway is gonna have to follow josegaki you'll probably leave can you imagine that he's gonna have to follow perfect uh... brother a fate worst in that well there's nothing like jumping right in the faria in order to say oh my oh my wow following the as a man scum for well our new edition on a qm line up will be at seven even when a gravity voice is a big improvement over somebody else we have on too much at night all the way see the other ones on a marna the big oh not that he's not a good god that he just is awful on the air he talks spanglish baby talk the big oh and then we got them are looking at marlins at the pot raised anybody interested no and you'll mark overnight i'd say they're sure talking a lot about that lady golfer ruffing on it morning show too much golf mo one more day of golf talk and i think for ral will be on monday for rolem guilty when you think you'll eat that or is it the other way around ratchy riso jobac jobac and that's the uh... jackbox son cardinals guy nurse ratchet Tony Montana the pole is up a look at on it and i think we finally thought a way to accommodate everybody on here here's a call from davie hello hi how are you doing great uh... i'm only fifty nine years old but i can't believe somebody else mentioned uh... well they haven't well you have to apologize for that he was a great day one of the all-time most memorable characters uh... and but my personal favorite is john john porton from the quiet man john what john porton uh... john wings laid their part in the morning god i'm sorry you ought to be okay thanks pal put while you're head okay boy he was so quiet i missed it uh... exactly should i we put in that on there no well repotler will put on her here we just want anyway what's who's your favorite all-time character from movies not your top ten not your top five we're limiting to just a few but you're talking about your top thirty favorites that's your takestell about seven o'clock sunday morning six hundred and sixty pound man hoisted the hospital by crane and germany this is from Berlin farm and in germany had to use a thirty-eight and a half ton crane to hoisted german man when six hundred and sixty pounds out of his apartment take him to hospital the fibergated in the northern city of this was in humberg said on monday because the man was so heavy we couldn't carry him on one of the normal stretches we had to use the cranes at humberg fibergaged folksman john rolfs ten fireman we needed to lift a sixty-two year old man on a hospital that placed inside a large industrial container which the crane had hoisted level in his first uh... for balcony the crane then lowered the container to the ground in the man was wheel often jacked into an ambulance van and take in the hospital is that is that's and we wondered where far away was now we know he was in humberg and by the way you people in humberg change your name because we don't want to get those pita people upset change it to like a fine for it oh that's not going to all and i saw this thing about the world's first inflatable church it was on cbsv news last night and rather was kind of chuckling and churling in the smurcling when he put it on air you see it no i heard it blows up and like all other churches it blows all religions it blows to bad pita lawford and jfk are here to work on it the world's first inflatable church opened uh... it's gothic arches to worshipers on Tuesday and ashore inland to reveal a blown up organ uh... you know a poly vinyl pulpit and airfield alter and a fake stained glass windows and airfield alter while one to tell so after blow up the altar boys the churches the brain child of british entrepreneur michael gillies he's tortlin again all the nearby he's chucklin a priest could carry it around on the back of a truck and set it up on patches of grass or invillage squares for impromptu services and he says it could breathe new life into Christianity by letting preachers take their message in their communities and blow whatever it really wants blow as much as they want well that's great i guess he never heard our good friend Terry griffin uh... whatever happened to her she's still working over there you know what she said if you blow too much you're in trouble she's still over with the the cost people far as i know i hope not for her sake eleven thirteen at five sixty wwm get into the barbecuing season with the perfect real at the absolute best most unbeatable garrity low price and world for barbecues galore this week take advantage of no payment same as cash financing until January 2004 on a proof credit barbecues galore carries the biggest luck to barbecues and accessories including liquid propane natural gas charcoal smokers tailgate supplies they have it all at the guarantee lowest prices anywhere's barbecues galores got an exceptional selection of webber grills and accessories including the hot new webber summit gold v which feature sixteen list deal burners a double wall stainless steel lid welded stainless steel cooking great fixed commercial great thermometers side burner rotisserie all of these things and lots more to and barbecues galore you find the hottest grills that you won't find any place else than of course as always at unbeatable prices too so don't forget these are the two locations you ought to be thinking about for all your barbecues needs with a schvitzy weather already arrived in south photo at the lowest prices in the world barbecues galores and plantation also in corals springs let the knowledgeable staff at barbecues galore help you pick out the perfect real answer all your barbecues and questions too don't forget everything you need for barbecuing available at unbelievable prices and barbecues galore all seperation packet Hamburger του You have to let those missiles drop With the heavy artillery We've got to shoot at never stop We'll have a total bigger time Shelling round the back that fell And with a patchy star that's taken him We had a running for the hills The Iraqis don't like it Shocking on the shock The Iraqis don't like it Shocking on the shock Shocking on the fire of the president We've got to soar the crowd And generate explosions The fusing to confound The other side tactics To stop us with our human shields But our mission will be finished in Until we steal the royal fate Oh, Iraqis don't like it Shocking on the shock Shocking on the shock Shocking on the shock Look at the 1950s WCM this poll today is going over like halvah in Bosnia I just don't think that I told you right from the get go It was just something filled a little off Cor, maybe that was when Terence caught him In this morning gave us the bad news That the ferales were placing moan Monday in the morning show For a route And tell me Don't you think that there's a little something strange about that combination of voices? I wouldn't say strange Well, I call it harmony Cori and Miami says Doc holiday and tombs don't play by Val Kilmer's We put Doc holiday Sure one at third Why not? Let's get it on there right away Okay Somebody facts is this about the FCC June 2nd finding authorizing sweeping changes to the news media Which we've talked about at an odd infinitum So join me in asking Congress and the FCC to support a diverse competitive media landscape By going to this website www.movon.moveo and one word Move on.org slash stop the FCC You can also automatically have your comments publicly filed at the FCC Move on.org Got it And also two commissioners at the FCC As for a public hearing before the FCC votes on a controversial rule change Commissioners Jonathan Aitalstein and Michael cops released a letter indicating they're seeking to postpone that key June 2nd meeting at the commission At what's the FCC is due to vote on media ownership camps We believe a full notice and comment period on the specific proposals is warranted Some policy making perhaps even law requires no less The two democratic appointed commissioners had an adjoint statement And the enemy time Michael pauses You know, we're going ahead The stuber public and student equates You think they're going to wait? No, they want to get this through for their good buddies who promote our chief channel all of these people All of the people that they're in bed on so we have like two or three organizations that control all of radio all of TV All of the newspapers and they can put whatever kind of fascist propaganda out That makes them a lot of money and makes the government happy This unsigned facts from somebody obviously very psychotic For last few days of wish you've been doing polls on all these movies But no one has mentioned probably the most powerful movie made in recent history And that is John Q What? Never saw it Do you ever hear of it? Yeah, I heard of it Says this movie had to had to made This movie had to make Oh, is that the Denzel Washington word? Yeah, I saw that Well, you don't sound too enthusiastic It was fine It was just okay Yeah It says if you haven't seen it some musty sort of everyone can see how great our medical system is and how much the company cares about kids And I must say look off for people aren't filthy rich How about the hospital with George C Scott? That should tell you everything you need to know that's a hundred years ago That was also a petty tri-f team movie like network and very good It says both these political parties suck all they do is having this chasing arm I don't know if that says tails or balls but I think both will be accurate Need to party cares about us And like I tell you they both suck for one is much more malignant than the other one That's why they look at the FCC right there. There's a classic example Democratic party sucks, but they suck less and they're much less dangerous than their public room Three Republicans on the FCC and you watch June 2nd they'll pass through whatever and how they want For the benefit of their good buddies and speak in that right in line with that another one of our bedtime stories today Rupert Murdoch's news corp upgraded is full year earnings forecast after a strong film and television performance helped its third quarter results beat expectations How do you like that? The global media also upgraded its full year earnings expectations both of the group and its 80.6% own fox entertainment group And it goes on with the office of the not seeing numbers okay of scene numbers five six seven oh five sixty upon five sixty on the AT and T somebody said lord helmet It's dark helmet Have you pardon dark helmet from space dolls? Well, it says lord helmets so let's put dark helmet let's put dark Vader Inspector Kusso is winning hands down and that's an excellent choice. Okay all-time favorite character from movies and right now is that the Peter cell was one Is that the one play by a jimmy the Curtis it's the cartoon one from the pink Panther cartoons. Oh Inspector Kusso 24 James Bond John Cottery 12 Darth Vader nine 20 Montana eight done quality only seven Michael quality only seven kind of research and heartburn from full metal jacket seven forced dump six Paddle left your five dirty hairy call a hands got five call spectacular catty check five Josie whales four Frank booth is got three and You know who probably doesn't have any Let me just look James Bond Roger more he don't have any good Bella look oh no Come on like Ocee's Dracula has zero Yeah, and I'm looking and your old man's got one You know what I think of that it makes me want to barf makes me want to what do me it's a generational thing I think you think that everybody from the age of three all the way up to Hasn't seen Dracula the original 1932 version Todd Browning a direct a Bella Legosi stars what's about a time? I would have thought everybody'd seen it but lately No, what do you mean by that people aren't watching those old movies anymore on finding out how about Frank and Stein likewise Oh, maybe that's part of the problem again in America today nobody knows what tell us all about rights very soon If you haven't seen Dracula with Bella Legosi you think you're you're just going through life you just go through the motions Those old movies are boring. Yeah, right effects are very right black and why in fact that's that's what made the special effects right in there was the effect that It was the time of it and it was phenomenal That's what it was known for was those amazing special effects way to help back there in early 30s for Christ's sakes But hey listen like the Bina walk keeps saying brand stalkers Dracula with you know very old man Here's a call from Melbourne hello Yeah, sir. Yeah, I bought the tech to Danny rigs from the lethal weapon theory Detective what Danny rig Leaple weapon Danny Rig's Was he really into jackwigs to cause the races in Detroit? I don't think so. Okay. Okay, I got it down pal thanks You got that down Danny rigs. We do never heard of it. See what we know about movies you've put an off-limble act as do that again 1127 at five 60 WQM balance for life is the way you want to do that again and again because you'll watch the wait for off your body You'll be fully will be satisfied you'll have a smile on your post and maybe for the first time in your life You'll feel like you're succeeding where you failed and all the other diets all the other crap and I do mean crap because though the programs where they have the little containers of stuff I don't want to mention neutrosystems by name or Jenny Craig and where they have the prefabricated food forget about it as Donnie Brasco would say Get yourself some real food from balance for life everything is fresh and delicious and they deliver right to your door and a little black sack by six o'clock in the morning to your home to your work to your pup tent your massage Parlor wherever you are at six o'clock in the morning and inside your black sack there with all is three gourmay meals total assistance everything fresh and great tasting and good for you And it's all balanced out on the zone diet principles and you don't do anything you don't come calories. You don't count the carbohydrates milk cooking no shopping no meal preparing All due to his checkoff between two choices for each meal everyday that's trying to program on the menu that they send you every week and that's it So get yourself with a real weight loss program. Not some crazy or drastic dive regimen Get yourself the await porn off your body and start feeling better and get in some real clothing once in a while too balance for life. Let him help you do it if you fail in all the others call nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or visit their prestigious website for more details at balance for life dot com five sixty w q a m presents the opian and thinning show with more Howard David this is a me and I'm Anthony you're waiting for the it's me with a low voice. Oh, yeah, you got the affected boy. Okay Yeah, I hope he and let's not forget our old palmo Howard David. Yeah, I was wondering how long would take for you to punks the gut around for me Really hit the big time. I am with the opian Anthony. Hey, what take off your pants. Yeah, we're gonna rape you now The big kidney this is a family show Wrong this is the copy on Anthony show. Now come on straight. I hope you guys only did that in touch. Hey My delicate Oh I'm still spray I Oh, I want the red ball and I per this all right my open wife or chunky let's see that together now jelly Let's Ready person pity below Do not to pass the mean It's a biggie right now right for the gift Okay, take that away mo What you're just gonna leave me here It will be right back Okay, see I didn't forget to a chat that off there, you know this Yeah, I noticed 1134 26 told him it's five 60 WCM Jack Nichols and Jack Torrance in the shining Till this day I never knew what the name of that character was at least that forgotten did you know the name sure Okay smart ass I'm gonna go to the movie I thought a bunch of times my favorite movie says hector Tarzan would Johnny Weissmutter I think he just wants to him to throw them to the loins Or not putting that down Tarzan and I put it down anyway Tarzan probably got a lot of food cakes out there vote for that including hector Inspector clue so 31 Sean Connity James Bond 23 and fact just approve a point Let me go down the list. Let me just this sprawl we got almost 200 votes on there already what tracks to hold on me and Roger Moore's got two you following you see the difference we're not arguing the same point Sean Connity 23 and Roger Moore too because when people think of the character James Bond they think of Sean Connity not Roger Moore right Roger Moore they think of he was the saint Remember the saint? That's who he is. Yeah John Corleoni 11 and the reason that John Corleoni any day into a better night is because in the godfather there were so many great performances and great characters that it divides it up for example Michael Corleoni's got eight You see how it gets divided down How my fat clemences for men's there have any votes Look at him Is he even on there? He's not too he's got a pair. She'll put those all together and he'd be right in the running godfather But there's just too many great characters and how about Howard Beal how's Howard Beal doing? That's got my vote he's probably got one Dude there's so damn many on here there's like a million I can't even vote he's got what vote he got one I ain't too bad considering this crowd But Inspector Clueso so far is leading the pack He's at the head of this pack, which I think makes a lot of sense. That's what Rich Packer said five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T line here is for hokey hello Yeah, I know how about the character that Bill bought so in plain plain white And what character was in I can't remember what character was that George Carl He's got few hearts he's got few votes. Okay. He's on her pal. I'll see if that diner and pokey where they got that good cherry pie five six seven I don't know how pokey is grown over the years you know pokey and amocally it grew What's the other one okay Chubby they're sad by each When I was working at WJNO 1975 28 long excruciating years almost I'm sorry man ago And I was broadcast in the high school basketball and we had a game where I think what school was sunset the high something in West Palm They were playing our football game actually was They were playing the team in pokey And we drove up to pokey in the middle of town. It was like a little diner and that was that was it. That was the only restaurant town in pokey was this diner And they had frozen cherry pie. If I went ever whatever there was like the first ice storm on a planet That's when that pie was frozen It was sure special even a lot more special in that corn and deliverance guarantee of that 560560 pound 560 on a 18 ever been to a pokey I've been by Don't stop okay. Here's Miami. Hello Yes sir. Are you doing I'm doing good. Okay. I don't want to hear about General Patton's good. Yes. George. He's got Now is that the one you like. Would you like George. He's got better than the one over picky Lee played him He likes the George. He's got thank you 560560C would know from pinky Lee. Boca Brian got a charge out of that though. That was cute 560 on a 1810 Verizon wireless line Inspector clue so 37 Sean Connery James Bond 26 done call the only 13 Gunnery Sergeant Hartman from full-low metal jacket 12 and 20 Montana's got 10 Here's for a lot of deal hello Neil how you doing today great First of all don't stop making fun of Mo in That little weasel anyway Let me ask you this what do you think you know who Scott for relays have you ever heard him? No, who is it? Oh So it could only be an improvement is what you're saying Room around here is that it starts Monday How about a Samuel Jackson and Paul fiction the gangster? No, it was Kurt Hart. Is the character of a name? Yeah, I know. I George knows it He's this guy's favorite. He doesn't know it. Yep. So we got to put that on we have like the character's name George I know it's jewels I thought you that's going to get about 100 votes as soon as you put it on there Now is that J. U. L. E. S. or J. L. L. E. I'm Ely. Just okay. Thanks a lot, Polly. Thank you John and Portie Lucy says I was thinking maybe it was as in family When I open windows media playlist and you they're pushing a music video by a little mole any relation What? Also strange bed follows the NRA is also fighting the FCC changes because they're afraid of CBS and Disney I guess Murdoch and cheap channel don't pant around after the now the NRA did not even happy with a bushmise Because we saw rifle these salt weapon band that he refuses He says that he's going to like if they try to discontinue it he's going to do everything in this part like extended And the NRA said oh no and time delay who's chased all those Democrats out of the text legislator across the Oklahoma border He's also the one that's screaming the owner. Oh no. Oh no I cannot believe that you sent me this fact. I can And talk about my second powers. We were talking about cronics this morning before the show George and I And what did I say to you who did I mention I use this person as the right as the example that's why I was short of forward it without delay as the prime example of what cronics are all about chronic cars and chronic facts as ladies and gentlemen They are sick sick desperate people I still say that each and every one of these people we're going to tattoo it on their forehead since that's in in America right now. I have no line. That's it. That's all you need to know. I have no line right cronics chronic talk show callers Chronic talk show factors and there's a death now by the way of talk radio. That's one of the things that I mean why should I even have to say it It would somebody says I can surprise you and say that well, I already got like this is our guy in Cleveland says it would Johnny deputy screen and we shall let's put down it would Johnny deputy version of was at the P.V. Herman one 19 till noon. I'm delighted to see that Bellagosi is moved ahead. That'll be where the battle will lie now. You know just just for the hell of it Because I said one thing and then vener said the other Dracula Bella Legosie's got for it And I think the other ones got to the Gary oldman has got a pair. So I moved ahead. How do you like that? Just like I said in the facts one wrong They don't know what to talk about You know, I think Raymond had a good point when he spoke to you yesterday I think he made an excellent point You better be on your best behavior if you know what's good for if you want that three and a quarter an hour 18 till noon a QAM if your ball spot is growing by the minute a hell of a lot faster than your paycheck Here's the answer for I get your hair back at a very reasonable price for my good buddy check out for your even a minnow is go to Charlie even though his prices were reasonable because no matter how much money they spend They can't get a better look ahead of here than with Charlie's natural hairline system It's using the latest technology to make you look better and younger than you guys ever dreamed you could again That's why Charlie's been around them near you. How many years has been in business by now? I would say close to Man pretty close to it and be sure much of your rages when you call make your appointment with the alphabes studios because so I can actually tune a box off the regular price when you mention my name So the choices yours They said you pills to get your hair to grow back in don't work. They said it was mousy looking musk rats like mow wears I mean forget about that. It's a joke if you want a real great look ahead of here There's only one guy can give it to you and that's chuck alphabes. You're a column tool for you. There's no obligation They give you a free consultation. They'll sit you down actually show you how much better and younger They can help you guys look say goodbye to your balls spot once and for all call 1-800-3212413 That's 1-800-3212413 or log out of their website at Charles alphabes.com They're dick in the White House They're not in the full zone next time he's not coming home Hey, it is the Delagin Put a glass in the middle of this time with the president Oh, I'm here This is where his name's Bush He's a hemorrhated nuttosh He picked a guy who would die so he'd be alone There's nothing in his empty zone All right 14-800-560 Nobody can do that The mad dog coming up at one o'clock Our big noon to one comedy bits are from 12 to one Fletch Greatest movie character in the history of American film Fletch says Richard Cranium Got it? Got it Mad Max Mel Gibson It says you have to love this guy. Lovely in the movie two Mel Gibson Can't stand Mel Gibson but we'll put it on there Mad Max Right And I'll get this facts rhymes with Max I don't even know I don't know what to do with Scream or Peel my banana You know because it causatially the the facts make sense But it's just such a classic example why I tell you about it These people will never ever leave They threaten you piss us off You hate us you're asshole And they just never will leave They will never ever ever You know the crowd that I'm talking about You know the ones? Yeah He's the pivot man Yeah When they hold their meat At Denny's He's the pivot man I'm not going to read it I'm not going to read it because it I just if I do it old church him and it'll be all over the place So he encouraged me to watch a year ago or two years ago Uh, I'll recommend for a dream But you see if I would have watched it then I wouldn't watch it here recently We wouldn't be talking about it now I talked about it a long time ago with you I didn't bring it up again Of course why not how woodier since I hadn't seen it at that point Now that I've seen it now, it's worth the talking about And again, that's from my perspective Because that's the only way I can see life is through my perspective No, not through yours Certainly not through a venerable it is damn Tony Dracula movie See how anybody could say that And you know he's not doing that to aggravate You know that No Because there's no way that anybody would say that Graham Stoker's Dracula the Gary Olden version is better than the original And it wasn't the Gary Olden version I wouldn't watch it But it is in my store, it's in all the video stores I could get the DVD but what I waste my time doing that There's no way I could possibly like it Don't you understand? Peter Cushing Uh, there's like a zillion different people that are played Right There's only one Dracula to me and that's Bellagosi Okay, that's why you have you like it would Okay fine, I'm delighted to watch it Would if I give you my hands on it on Johnny Depp On Johnny Depp's wood But sure to that I'm not going to be watching I know more Dracula's okay, that's it But you enjoyed being here, you have a good time with it 560 560, palm 560 on a AT&T line here's Kendall hello Hey, you know, you see Remember when we were kids those old Joe Palooka movies Yeah Yeah, Joe and his manager not be worse Yeah Now do you remember who played those parts? I have no idea Okay, I'll be fashion that Joe Kirkwood Junior No I'm Leon Aero Played on furniture Great, okay, well thanks for the news and put the Paula in back in the glass 560, 560, I mean there's a guy that makes me seem like a teenager Okay, of course I'm forgetting where the calls are coming from How come what's your name? Sarah Goldfarb, you don't have any votes at last When I picked at this last time they haven't seen it Oh And that's what your buddy Greg was fasting about Right, right, that movie about Reckless and for Dreaming, don't forget 10 o'clock tonight on In her, you know, independent film channel, IFC Does she have any votes? Rats or Rizzo's only got a pair Sarah Goldfarb has the big Oh my god But she's going to be on television More or less than one, that's right I'm going to be on television We got a winner, I mean I'm sorry, there's just something wrong with the world In our case you have a notice in case somebody has a punty Do an intervention, there's something generally wrong Which is why so many people need to make Donald's So many even worse people need a Burger King because they like the taste of rubber in their mouth Which I got a lot of good lines for that So let's say we got general patty, we got jewels, we got detective Martin Riggs, dark helmet Red Butler and those are the most recent ones that I wrote down Josie Wales, isn't Josie Wales also already on there? Yes Amen, Ghost, Amen Amen, get Amen, get he's the comment on the concentration camp in Schindler's list Oh, great fine Great character, I will not lie to him I know, okay, now watch no more Zoom movies, he was great And Vito Corlioni, you got Vito Corlioni, is that under a non-Coreo Sure, I'm in a good get What does that mean get? Anything he wants because he's becoming done 560, 560, palm 560 on a AT&T line Don't forget that the Viting and Treasure Island 570 afternoon You won't forget it, I'm in getting there early Here's a call from Miami, hello Yes sir Hey, how you doing? I don't know if this will count for about the Hanson Brothers from Slappshire Oh, you're right, it doesn't count Thank you Oh, I don't know, I won't let anybody put that down First of all, I mean that movie is just a so-go test and unacceptable And even if the movie I hated but it's like a bunch of goofballs We're looking for one goofball, okay Well, he said he didn't think it was going to count and he was right I scorn sir, here's Tampa, hello Do you have a head of a letter on your list? I think we better have, yes we do That's great because you remember his catchphrase What did I review to you Neil? No, we should take it all together Yes sir, because all I have to do is mention chronic and here they all come Get this man some help, get him a life And you notice what line he was on? Right, just mentioned it in passing, okay? Yeah, I mentioned that in case Biner boy was taken over that which I doubt because he's got so many other important tasks to attend to at the moment Multitasking 56060, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line Your all-time favorite character from the movies Oh Bush is seeking newer and smaller nuclear bombs I'm sure you're excited about that That's okay But doesn't years after the cold war's closed rate hopes for an end of nuclear threat The Bush administration is embarking on a quest for a new generation of nuclear bombs That are smaller less powerful than the Pentagon might actually use in battle All right Let's nuke everybody In the administration's view, the frightening size of cold war strategic nuclear weapons The ministers, they're different, they're the turn-fighting day Nobody believes the U.S. would use them against a smaller, full-as a result they argue The U.S. needs the option of smaller nuclear weapons to deter the terrorist groups in Roe states Oh, right! Such as North Korea that are today's foremost dangers And of course when we have these terrorists ex going on in Chechnya and in Riyadh Uh, I guess we just say, hey, I'll use Saudis over there, you better watch it We're just going to use the small nukes The only problem is where do we drop them? You know what I'm saying? Wherever we want Wherever we want that's right We're going to show you a thing or two because you either with us or against us There's the good guys in a bad guys to do can't appoint, baby There's the good guys in a one side which is us And then there's the bad guys which is everybody else Got it? Got it And this seems to be appealing very largely The macho mentality of America especially the Wast audience out there They like that Makes him like swell, makes their penis swell up to like even better than Viagra 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's Siyah al-Salo Yep, yes sir Now you mentioned McCullee Colpon, what is the McCullee Colpon in home alone? I sure hope not Put that one on it, he's a great character Get out of here Okay, that Michael Jackson doing a voice Do not put McCullee Colpon on air, what's your, what was his name in that movie? We don't know, we don't know, we don't want to know Wasn't he also in happening? Ah happiness? Don't forget by the way, you can't find happiness in South Florida But you can order it on land But you can order happiness online, wouldn't that be great? Oh, of course Yeah, it shows up in Atlanta, gigantic container Just open it up and big smile goes on your face Happiness Oh They probably steal it at the post office They probably go ballistic 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T Redicigo postal and Verizon Marvel Slime Here's a lady in Volca, hello Yeah, all right, what about Christopher Walken and the Keehan? It's probably the alien, basically he's giving a high colonic in my view And he's been making it even a great movie Catch me as he can Let go What was the name of the character? In the... ...Comingon? Whatever you said in the beginning And in the community, Christopher Walken Oh, that's not the character, that's his name Oh, I don't know who's name is the writer Oh, no Okay, thanks The writer The writer Okay, let's put down the writer showing Oh, no Inspector Clueso 47 Sean Conterrey James Bond 30 Don Koleon, if 15 God of Research and Heartman 14 Hannibal Lecture in Tony Montenegro 13 Michael Koleon, a 12, Darth Vader 11 And after that it's like single digits Carl Spackler, Kati Shack had nine I just mentioned that in passing And Forest Dump had a... See when Forest Dump could say both at that point I just say... ...forget about it Right? ...like about it You're good about it You're good about it I'd like to all use guys, you'll need it Forest Dump 1157 because life is like that kind of How tight if your carpets are kind of like that? Here's the answer for you, Draconsets For over 20 excruciating long years I've been using Draconsets in my house And they do a spectacular job Especially the last 14 years of that period of time Because I had those dogs and man Did they leave a mess? Sure, what I mean, you know, they mean well Or they met well, past tense But they didn't always do do well And as a result, you have to have those Carpets clean every now and then And that's why every year I have Draconsets Come in when they leave The carpets look and smell and feel Lemony freshness like brando And they'll do the same for you And not only you're carpeting but your drips Your expensive area rugs, your oriental rugs Your leather furniture, your poultry, all of these things And also if you have problem with pet otters And mill the world is caused by water damage It'll be no problem when they wave their magic Want to do this spectacular job And they punk the magic twanger And make them all look just like brando With Draconsets Not BS, but they actually do a spectacular job And give you a written guaranteed price And you'll be four days start to work No rip off, no tackons Just a great job at a fair price every time Call the professionals at Draconsets Tool free 1-800-248-5071 1-800-248-5071 Or can log onto their website If you like it, www.dryconcepts.com And with Draconsets, it'd be the truth You can clean today And you can entertain tonight My and local We're sports radio 560's UAM More holiday David The only thing funny and the rape of a man Is that type smoke is perfect water What the fuck? This is the toy The first day of the day will be kept off With a community book burning barn fire All you have to remember is March forward in Rockstab And don't blink your eyes Hey! What? You blink your eyes Be a bitch with it Not a little book leader The talented crew Henry was once one of the So we took him downstairs to the quiet room We were aware that your nice guy just didn't read I was a nice guy myself once Yeah Oh I had my share of liberal views in the past And I found out Mr. Henry that's the world Is a school of business Are you sure there is no need for free thought or creative Yeah, but let me say something for some Let me say there is only a need for clear channel General Electric, Halibar Ten, Beck, Tell Amaco, Chevron and Show Okay For your on Mr. Henry Yeah Oh, we'll make all your perverted Caracos, liberal, these setbacks Okay, because Mr. Henry Yeah, you're a really young dummy All right, all right All right Boy, for the retarded girl in our old Who mushetsuby hated show you and will enjoy Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah We're going to the world We're going to the world Yeah, we're going to the world Our agency thought this would move some product out of the show room Yeah, yeah Look at her go Look at her go This is funnier than watching retards at the park Yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah That's fun That's fun If someone had severely retarded You can have that much fun and it doesn't look like He's very tired He's having a lot of things But we want help with it Hmm Hmm Oh My Mm Uh Um Ah Um Oh mm o hom hom o homもし better o hom, hom hom O hom You are submitting this treat voice but I know this praise noble excuse to me respect and otros Ooh, make a genuple. Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, marshmallow Oh, great! I am woman watch me go, is grandma nation tees me off, and it's time for me to go play with the man, with my driver I sent all, and I play with my own bones, and they won't go back to the RPG again. Oh yes, I am good, so stop saying that I'm not, and bring on Tiger Wounds, I just hope I make the cut, I wear short pants, and I can really swing, I'm not wrong, wrong, I am amicol, she's an amicol, I am waaamma, she's an amicol, I am woman, I am amicol, she's a dumb must, too. No war, she's a hero, so the wreck is a little died, so that I'd go, she'll have to fish with bad dead wheels, she's a girl, she's a stupid bitch, she's a bird of the mouth, the Cheryl Crow is a poor now-bye, just shake it in by the wall, Cheryl Crow is a fighting home, she's a village loser, every day you can hear her white, I wish somebody to come, Cheryl Crow, we'll arm a Jerry Paul Wheel on the right hand of God, and when I woke up today I put my TV on and instead of happy leaves or CNN, I saw a purple creature with a gaze, I know this head, it wasn't upside down, try, I know purple thinking, upside down, try, I know purple thinking, upside down, try, I know purple thinking, I know tell me, where, just when I thought things couldn't get worse, I know this he was carrying a little person, I know, can they call this a children's show? I know these purple, but I have a brown hole, he doesn't know, try, I know purple thinking, upside down, try, I know purple thinking, I know, to drink your balls, where, almost about fish can find a hard to believe, but on the teller tell me, is it TV screen, it had a purple thing and it's pointing straight at me, that was blowing an eye through the hole in the thing. All right, let's play who wants to be a millionaire! Puff Daddy, sitting in the chair, I'll call you Puffy. Yo yo man yo yo! Are you ready? Yeah, here's your $100 question. Finish this nursery rhyme. All right, tickery, tickery blank. Is it a doc, b, p, c, marina, or d, inlet? Oh man, is it 100 out of question right? This is 100 out of it. For $100. This ain't the million out of question. This is the first one. It's only $400. It's just a black thing. Would you like to use a life line? Yeah, alright, what do I got? What do I got? Well, we have the Asthy audience, the 50, 50, and the phone of friend. Asked you on his. That's only why people in here. The 50, 50, and then help me. Oh, you don't want me to phone a friend. Gonna phone a friend on the $100 question finishing the nursery rhyme. All right, who are we gonna call, puppy? Oh, my boy, old dirty bastard. Old dirty bastard. Yeah, dirty, we calm. Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line, and hopefully he can help you. Oh, no. Old dirty. Yeah, man. Readjust Philbin from who wants to be a million heir. How are you? I got your friend here, puffed daddy. Go dirty, was that? What the? What the? What the? What the? All right, all right. Old, what the? Old dirty, puffed daddy's on a little bit of trouble here on the $100 question. We need to first die, man. First question, and the next voice you hear will be his. He'll come on the line. He'll ask you the question. They'll give you four possible choices. Are you set? Hey, man. Next voice you hear will be his, and 30 seconds begins now. What? You dirty, fish yourself for me, all right? All right, man. Pickery, dickery, blank. Is it a doc? B, P, R, C, marino, or D, Italy? Oh, come on, man. I don't got much time. I know this, man. I know it. I see this, P. P, you sure? About 30, man. Mr. Latter Monument, about 30. All right, man. Thank you very much. I'm in. Times up, uh, old dirty said, peer. Whew. You still have two lifelines left. We are on the $100 question. You know what we just want to pull the audience? No, I like to add a lifeline. I'll actually know there's only three lifelines you've used one you have to let. No, no, no. I get another lifeline. It's a brand new one to the game. And what is that, Puffy? It's called Shoot the Host. Puffy, you can ask the audience. I call it Shoot the Host. Puffy, use the 50-50. Watch the answer. Puffy, it's stuck. It's a A. It's stuck. My final A's is stuck. It's stuck. And it's a good one. You got a hundred dollars. Run, you run, you run. More rocks, you run, you run. Come on. Good news, Sarah Goldfarb, got a vote. Oh. And I agree. I feel better now. Especially since he's going to be on television. Oh, and just so people know, I've got an unplugged effects machine. Why is that? Oh, because it just doesn't stop in multiple, multiple pages of things. We already have in additions that, uh, no. I would take you. Yeah, leave us alone. Okay. It's our Wednesday rest hour. All right. Leave us alone. All-time favorite character from the movies Inspector Clueso 52. He's a way ahead of the pack. Sean Connery's James Bond 34. Gary Sergeant Hartman Full Metal Jacket 17. Don Coralion 16. Judy Harry Callahan 15. Tony Montana 14. Hannibal Lecter 14. Michael Coralion 14. Darth Vader 13. I only do the ones in double digits. Darth Vader 13. Carl Spakler or candy shack 11 and force gum 10. I lied. I got to give you Roger Moore and James Bond 9. That's the pressing. You know, Roger Moore's okay, but he and you know, all or he is, uh, at least under a hundred. Okay. As opposed to Sean Connery who's along the ancient side. Twelve and his passion, but he is craggy, you know. He's that real great looking sex symbol. Sean Connery. But all real men would like to be like Sean Connery. You know, I'd rather be a Tom Brady myself. You know, talk is cheap and seasoned throughout a lot of really appealing low numbers, but when it comes right down to it and on it, what can you really get refinanced at? 5% 4% How about? 2.45% with an ancient group. That's right. With interest rates of only 2.45% it really is your best bet and it's rock solid too. So call financial group this moment at 1-800-9-4-0-0-100-9-4-0-le-n-d interest rates are at all time low. So why not refinance your home or even buy a new home and take advantage of a sure thing? 2.45% financing with financial group. And what will 2.45% do to those monthly payments? Bring them down to like a jihad laughable amount. If you have a 200,000 dollar loan you pay only 786 a month. If you have a 100,000 dollar loan your payments are only 393 bucks a month. Even George good afford that. Maybe. A 2.45% financing for financial group call 1-800-9-4-0-n-d. That's financial group 1-800-9-4-0-l-e-n-d. There were an equal housing lender, credit restrictions applying rates are subject to change monthly. 5.34-APR. 5. And low. This is for trivial high 64. 2-8-2-8-n. 5. How smart? So like everybody says, like dumb, I swear, you know what? 5. You turned back in the day when someone done a strong. We didn't take their crap. In Pearl Harbor, or when the jobs dropped their bombs, 3. We bomb them bad. And now the sun is, they hit us hard. And on our cards, our little flags wait. As that's all, the love and retard points of bombers the wrong way. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 13. 13. H poles Are still standing in the dark-singer shade. 34. 4. 10. 10. 10. These dramatic thoughts, and our little flags depend on the red spots. Only people who have made the right decision and advisory decisions have taken certain livelihoods. But social-child perm olmure up the house, and injustice, makes the economy, and issues. She has a great staff as well. If you want that SUV to drive, you're gonna need more gas. It's the greatest country in the world. They train us too, really. And anyone who says that obviously, and afford to be. And I'm embarrassed to be in America, where we take three hours at least. We've a flag and one hat with our can in the sand, and lightly followed the powers that pee, and the pathetic f***ing up, watching state for news on a 65-inch screen. Scratcher falls and finds everything's okay. In the gun at the USA, don't let's marry him. Oh, we're fine. Get out of here! On the label. We are looking at. From my mouth, we want so many thunder, to leave as you can. To ten one day, I'm a demon. To say for me and say, you've heard. Hot wood, good, and hot wood, fine. But the sick will hit the door now. I just hope to join when I get up. In the car, I hope to join. I hope to join when I believe the okay. And every 10,000 points, I hope to join. Oh, right. Hope to join. It's time I'll breathe. It's two in time, woah. I hope to join. Are you? Yes, yes, I hope to. Barrel's too, guys. You call that, you know? Yeah. Yeah. You call that, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my daddy, he wants to meet, so you'll see. I'm looking back. But from my mouth, he wants to meet. So he'll see. He'll see. He can. To ten one day, I'm a demon. And I'll give you me a day. Oh, right. Oh, I hope to. And I'll hope find. So take me a day. That's why I'm so too good in this morning. I hope to join tonight. I hope to join. And I hope to join. And I hope to join. Make me feel alright. I hope to join. This time I'll be so. And do it time, woah. I hope to join. And I hope to join. I hope to join. And I hope to. Lord. You. That's what I do. You. I hope to join. You. You. I hope to join. You. I hope to. You. I hope to. I hope to. I hope to. I hope to. Yeah. Oh, to. Yeah. This is how there's. You're a whole world No, you're actually going to say that No, you're a whole world No, you're a whole world No, you're a whole world No, you're a whole world Just wanna do it No, you're a whole world No, you're a whole world No, you're a whole world I wanna give you a kiss Okay Well, I was driving down 905 the other 90 And somebody nearly cut me right off the road And the side of what's gonna do any good to get man I wrote a song about him and stand And those lectures Where he bought an asshole There's a day he worked in a year of old life Uh-huh Either way it worked out fine But here in assholes and nights Is here an egg? Yes, that's a show, Ellie Okay, don't you try to play with on me You deserve all the credit You're an asshole tonight You're an asshole yesterday You're an asshole tonight I've got a feeling You're being asshole all the rest of your life You're an asshole tonight You're an asshole tonight You're an asshole tonight You're an asshole tonight I was talking to your mother Just the other night I told her I fought your asshole She said yes, I think you're right And all your friends are asshole But you know that you're a whole life And somebody told me you've got an asshole for a life And somebody told me you've got an asshole Or did you work in a year of old life Either way it worked out fine But here in assholes Oh no You know I'm looking to speak in a asshole I'm looking at an inspector who's so which is number one on our thing Yeah Do we have that spell right? No no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no simply our defender 리뷔 planted four and the dirt II threw them down were besamer squad no no no right neither a U respective deflect auto There's something you can do about it, and that is pick up the phone. I call our good friends at Fast Train Tool-free. One, eight, six, six, fast train. That could be one of the most important calls you'll ever make because it could change your life. You can get out of your den on job. You can get yourself trained for a new high-pink computer job. And don't forget, computer professionals are a higher demand than ever before right now as I speak. So call Fast Train today. Say goodbye to your den on job in an asshole boss. Call Tool-free, one, eight, six, six, fast train. They offer convenient day-eating weekend classes, and they make it even easier for you. They have locations all over town so there's bound to be one convenient to where you live. You'll find Fast Train in Miami, in Kindle, Pembroke Pines, and Fort Lauderdale. And you can check them out on the web if you like at FastTrain.com. Call them two day, there's no obligation they'll split it to you. And in just four short months you can be trained for a new high-pink computer job. One, eight, six, six, fast train. Don't forget to go to Fast Train.com to receive your free American flag bumpers to her while it's still in fashion. Call Fast Train at its whole free, one, eight, six, fast train. My life and love, this is Fort Real by six. You can't wait to play him. Oh, Green, I made my phone when you were going out with cheerleaders. Start a new change of all the f*** up. Oh, start a new change of all the f*** up. Start a new change of all the f*** up. Start a new change of all the f*** up. I ride to the cabby little country. I'm like no much next on a space. Just get rid of that. You're a drinkin' chubby and blow up the whole goddamn place. You've done a new change of all the f*** up. Sorrow, who's ain't japano? Fuck you. Sorrow, who's ain't japano? Fuck you. Sorrow, who's ain't japano? Fuck you. Sorrow, who's ain't japano? Fuck you. Sorrow, who's ain't japano? Sorrow, who's ain't japano? Sorrow, who's ain't japano? Wrapping my mouth. Look at cheese that won't stay on. Where's the wound? Shake my phone and turn guys on. But there's a place where all the guys can't hide it. I can make us grow. And I'll be high in their sins. I can make us grow. With my body and booty. But where there are double rules. Those and such, You need to be one of those things I will call. Be it such a beggar, I can make us grow. With my body and booty. But where there are double rules. Because I'm still a kid. One of the things I will call. Be it such a beggar, I can make us grow. You love Shakira's tongue. And you need to close. And now you'll look her new album. Shakira's in other people's heads. She already made music history by recording her first English language album. And now she's taking her art form to the next level. By re-recording songs they were already hits at English. Only this time they're in English again. Art for art so good. That means that it's my name. Shakira seems that the people's heads. You know, you can't have that more on my teeth. Shakira seems that the people's heads. She's a poor man and I find it. Be it such a boy. If you really, really like Shakira's CD, Shakira seems other people's heads. No denimals and it's Daniel and Esos Momentos. A limb pic, icecapates, man. It's like to dirty trade, don't you? Try to win. She was second best at it. So, how? Nancy Carrigan, the bitch was going to win again. Don't you have blocks, prevent? I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. She will not leave me, I might even live anywhere I'm watching. 2048, Tom News at the early night, St. Pete checks his book. He gives her a look and he tells her, Now, up, up, up, up She claims she's in as her delays And's up and throws a 50 ton of teeth on the line She's on the line This guy's out of line and he's got to go Up, up, up I've seen Pete was turning a page Tonya took her aim Bang, bang, Tonya still But I'm the ranked saint Pete was bad But space got cute No, thanks for never been sure When straight you're in Alright Hey, great, what's the matter with Lesbian golfers can't you tell We really love hitting balls The only thing that separates us from the men Is the country clubs bathroom stalls My girlfriend's all set, patty She's the fan, I'm the bird she called for daddy Months, die, back five, two, and talk Oh, why, I still made this golf to be My favorite, whole of girls and have any number A green or a fairway The weather because I'm a snapper, a lapper I play golf and I'm gay Always with you, time to heart, and club out Let me hear the golf, it's the only time to tell you I'm gay, let's play, help you, gee And still, they just golf to me And right this disgrace chipset Oh, my face is still, ladies golf to me Raccoon 21, come on, it's 5, 60 WDQ It's our big Wednesday extra I've against you, this is one of the best ideas I ever fell into Yeah, go to think Are you kidding me? I'm just a great buffer, you know, everybody needs a buffer Like a good break in the middle of the week Anyway, we've got 75 million votes What's your favorite all-time character? We still haven't spelled wrong, I should point out Don't fire too much, he's probably in the middle of a couple lunches What? It is spelled wrong I already sent him something to change it Inspector Clueso 56 James Bond, John Coddony 44 Hannibal Lecture 23 Gunner Research at Hartman, full of metal jacket 23 30 here carry, carry Hallahan And on Coralions 21 Garth Fader 16, 20 Montana 15, Michael Coralion 15, Carl Spectre from Candy Shack 14 And the only other one in double digits is unfortunately for his Dump I want to tell you about something really good for it It's called Oliomed, I've been telling you about these for a long time for a Coon Sage, Oliomed soft shells contain the finest olive oil you'll find even with a search Party, it's not just ordinary olive oil, but it's super concentrated And along with that, it's loaded with all kinds of health benefits Good stuff in there. Oliomed in your post, every day can produce the risk of heart disease And high cholesterol plus now there are 14 different Oliomed formulas You can choose from each one combining the best olive oil on a planet With vitamins, minerals and herbal supports specific health needs from your bones To your blood pressure to your immune system You just pick out the formulas that are right for you And now there are three brand new Oliomed formulas Want to help you sleep, what a happy control at weight And sell Q10 for your heart Pick up some today just about wherever you're doing your shopping Pick up Oliomed at publics, records, Walgreens, Whole Food Markets And of ours in Sedanos, the order in online If you like it, Oliomedamerica.com If you want more info, call their toll free number and ask away 1-8-6-Oliomed That's 1-8-6-6-6-5-366-333 Don't forget to want to start feeling better Pop some Oliomed in your post today 5-6-6-5-16 3-8-8-8-8-8 You win It's day And by every town At 5-6-O-W-U-A Here This is a sign that used to stay corroding with darkness And now they're calling it, Proplayer Mark and pause through to the loo Say it's time for a change Say no rules, no You have to show up in your underwear And no one ugly is allowed in there So you'll have lots of fun Checking out those balls My difference lies down So I can get my pigs up But the game is over tight Because like my crew didn't alone Back around Over my bolding mouth Now you can see a lot more at the game Since everybody is undressed in the same And you can look around To see what hangin down This is paradise now I never realize that that good it would fail If I got these at the football fields Just a robbing his gun And now it's D.T.R Look at the blood I'm just gonna start on this thing I'm gonna wrap it all along Check that I love you Well, now we're ready For sure And my name is A.F.A.L.F.L.B. And that's the new team that's gone Underwear men For chicks are stared That's a fun zone of football At their kennel club I've never realized That that good it would fail Being glad And my jocky set the football field Just a robbing his gun Oh, right now it's D.T.R They call it D.T.R Like they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T And they're in D.T.T And they're in D.T.R And they're in D.T And they're in D.T And they're in D.T And they're in D.T And they're in D.T But they're in D.T And they're in D.T And they're in D.T And they're in D.T First, John Edward bought his psychic powers to television. Then animal planet introduced the pet psychic. Now, home and garden television has designed on a medium of its own, the furniture psychic. Hi, I'm fear with Eddie and his lazy boy recliner and Eddie. Lazy boy is desperately trying to get a message to you. What's it trying to tell the furniture psychic? He wants you to stop sitting on him after eating brine's and beating. O-G-T-B's, the furniture psychic will help you cross over to the great upholstered beyond. This is Polly and she's brought along a special piece of furniture. This is my favorite footstool. What is very unhappy about something? Yeah, well, it hurts his feelings when you call him a footstool Polly. He's an adamant! Only one woman is truly at home with your home furnishes. The furniture psychic. Join us this week when our reveal how this floral patterns adentport feels suffocated by Edna Greenblatt and her fondness for plastic slip covers. The furniture psychic. Only on HGT-D. Coming up tonight, on inside of a hide the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. Only one thing rivaled her to look lips at the heart. And that was the toad look lips of her career. She was a body Tyler. I remember as a child growing up in Wales, you couldn't keep me away from the piano. Did you say Wales isn't Catherine's either Jones from Wales? I think so, but I got bored that woman is hot. I mean, when she's pregnant, you just want to do her. Yes, that's fine. No good. Michael Douglas could ever a bag or a woman famous. I mean, come on, he's like 60 or something. Look, I thought we might discuss my work with meatloaf songwriter Jim Steinman. I mean, I bet sometimes while he's in bed with her, he's just lying there thinking, I'm gonna be sh**. I am banging Catherine's eat a joke. Perhaps you'd find my contribution to the footless soundtrack worthy of your program. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I footless is great. Good for you, Catherine. Bonnet. Whenever, hey, you were see her around, you know, I'm not interested in Catherine's there, so Jones. Oh, come on. I bet even women went a piece of her. I think she holds tremendous appeal to both sexes. Bloody hell, I'm going away now. Didn't you already do that back in 1985? Anyway, it's a big juicy shopping went look at show business tonight on its side, behind. Perfect. You want to class 60, do you want to forget Scott for Ralph, we're all on a radio, make sense. The QM debuts have an o'clock tonight following the comma inducing old penis face between three and seven to one for Hank. Hank said Baltimore that the pre-ness got it in Pimico. Yeah, Pungine is brain's out. Okay, here's how the poll is coming along. We got it. Spectaclusus spelled right. Oh, Hallelujah. Let's hear it for us. Okay. We're a little slow. Inspector Cluesos got 60. James Bond, Sean Carri that definitive James Bond 46. Got a research in Hartman, full metal jacket the 25. Hand of elected 24, dirty Harry Calant 24. Don Corleone. 21. Darth Vader 17, Michael Corleone 17. Corleone. 20 Montana 15. Carl Spackler from Cattie Sheck has a 14 kind of a burasing. A force gump has got 11 everybody else in single digits including including Roger Moore of very lackluster James Bond who's gotten the eye. What I tell you what I said have a nice day. Don't forget George and the beiner and Volkabran and Miguel will be at the Treasure Island 5-7 this afternoon. I look you to write off the poll. Metro just wrote that the 122nd Street exit featuring the super soaker. Stephanie Evans stuff I and so kid went it out to Washington pop out. 5-7 at Treasure Island this afternoon would drink specials in our usual low budget QAM prizes. You know the Panthers and the heater done for the season so as college hoops Arlins off another really marginal start and the dolphins don't get started for another three months but there's still some action going on in town where you can be a winner and have a great time. Pompado Park Carnas open for live harness racing three nights a week. Wednesday Friday and Saturday first post time 717 717 and General Parking and admission is free. Did you know was 717? No, your oven's saying it was 715. Come out to Pompado Park and you have the thrill of night time horse racing and of course we got your sample casting for every day seven days a week starting a noon through our bright highlight harness from all across North America. Don't forget to great players lounge buffet on a four floor enjoy sandwich and drinking patents place four slounds on a fifth floor and don't forget to be Wednesday like tonight at Pompado Park is dollar night for draft beer hot dog sodas and lots more to only a bucket piece. Coming up this Saturday may 17 watch in major on a pre-tune stakes from Pompado Park Race course in Maryland come out early and see if funny sigh can win the second leg of the triple crown. Earlier bird-way dream starts this Friday at one, pre-tune stakes was off at 6pm Saturday and even a free pass performance page waiting for your fitness field as well. Pompado Park all these things waiting for you a block south of the landing bullet of our online road don't forget Wednesday like tonight Friday and Saturday live racing post time 715 or maybe 717. We are sports radio five season. You a m. Get out of my day go get a walk free small come bus come out on a one-learn. First, Maryland Brenda was the godfather. The now but you know what's godfather two and three. Now get ready for the ultimate godfather. Godfather four. Yeah, you must have from these the guns with a coming in the bun my house with down. And they had to my family maybe you could order a hit or something. Hey, come here. I'm too bad. Come here super bad make you see a good. You get up like a set machine. Get them gotta give it up. Get it new. Get on the new foot. Make them bring out a close red. Pems in please please please. Ow. Don't bother pointing me but you just sometimes look like any of the other conlionists. Coney on a rabbit on a macaroni. I think I'll be none of that. So has a soul food come and shit us. Me. That I'm making break out of the coast. Go go. The godfather four is starring James Brown. The godfather soul. He'll make you know for you can't understand. All right. The middle eastern world will be exploded to dominate people killed with the gas that we sold him. First time a crescer nation and the only one that's going. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going. Forget about Korea. The nooks they're toasting at the right wing is drilling it over and over into our head. Add a rack as a map of the past destruction. Three thousand people killed. Our now forgotten let's exploit them instead. Eight there's oil to be content going after sent down to playkate Osama. There's no longer mention of the name in lotters but no it seems concerned all of the income places. Believe in every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation and a right wing is drilling it over and over into our heads. Add a rack as a weapons of past destruction.