Don't bore me Neil. I never knew that Jeff Rimmer was your good buddy. I know Rimmer who? Who did I'll said that who told you that? Um the beast he's full of crap Oh, he's got care. Listen. Is that part of it? Watch out of beast he's talking ancient history. I remember beast, but you're not delish I'm so sorry. I can't you you're not that you haven't got any clue what you're talking about in fact the beast Thought we'll open it last guy that just called how is your miss a meal? That's okay. How is your day off yesterday Neil? What do you mean why they off? I mean you don't you don't work on Monday's Wednesdays and Fridays I'm not gonna do it for you. I'm just showing up here today. It's been here the guest appearance that the man has been here has confused me So now I do is just drive or you could have put a period in there the management here has confused period How's your banking going Neil? First you need one They should only croak that I don't want to get to a carried away. They should croak I just didn't know an ordinary death, but a wicked painful death There's absolutely worse than the anti-Christ they're evil They left me a message for my checks had come in and I only ordered them in May They came in yesterday like there's a story that somebody just asked to us I don't want to change the subject because I'll spend four hours on the bank today But about report representative Catherine Harris did in plain crash now. How come this story is not in the Sunsonnle? It's not in a hero does not even on misfugges website This is from a website Tom Flacco.com Yeah, what that sounds like a really good exciting a writer Here's what I hear this video. I don't know why it's not in there because here's what they put in the newspapers today I think down comatose patients is endorsed. Do you know who Catherine Harris is? No, was she raped by Kobe Bryant? She used to be a hang-in real-time with Jeff Bush now just so happens that Jeff Bush was here in Toronto last two days. You following us? Yeah, and according to this story It's as after there was this light plane that cramped you do you hear anything about that story? Probably not So you're a little in Toronto here yesterday morning. Yeah, it was a small private plane out of Chicago to crass because it was real heavy fog Right, and so all day yesterday They were searching for the plane and for bodies and so on Source said that Governor Jeff Bush was reportedly at the accident scene shortly after the crash Reports and sources are yet unable to confirm why the Florida Congresswoman meaning Catherine Harris and former Secretary of State during the Florida 2000 presidential election Chad controversy of flown from Chicago to Toronto Then at that Think you think they're getting it on or something? Oh, that was widely rumored. That was the story. That's great. I hope he's doing her repetitively Well, by according to this story, she's dead I don't think he's gonna be doing it anymore. I've never heard of her I'm glad she's dead. I remember something we did we did her a verna if this turns out to be true We're gonna be a lot of his very please too. Nothing we wish anybody any bad health But yeah, we'll make an exception I mean it runs The family like diarrhea It goes a big daddy Daddy the sons I mean that I can't There's a big picture of Jeff Bush and Ernie Eves who's the Ontario premiere right wing asshole two two assholes smiling side by side and and Jeff Bush says Canada and US are so close. They look alike. Wait till you're this quote. This is our governor He says if I was blindfolded and landed in Toronto, it didn't have to go through customs I wouldn't know I was in a foreign country Is this a genius or what unless run in the family? I'm gonna go work out. I don't think anything of the Bush family or Just fucking my ass in ten o'clock. Well, yeah, who's it about sucking your ass? That's what that call or said just the end of your shoulder The last So but you but you don't you're not friends with rim? Was you were each in history? I don't like free loaders. You don't I mean he's like free loaders I know I'm from his his my days and he's old and stale and tired I'm just he's he's like I'm trying to figure out why Dennis Potman has something to do with the Panthers. I mean my god Isn't he supposed to be living on long on? We must have naked pictures. Oh, that is sweet Yeah, seriously must have naked pick up and hanging and I kind of bacon's gonna be a pedophile in his new movie Have you ever noticed as I like him in bacon? Have you ever noticed that he always plays like an JFK played the hustler? Yeah, he always plays some kind of really strange We played creeps really well. Yeah, he just did the kidnapping one trap or whatever He's like I'm gonna make some bacon a little while there was some guy yesterday talking to George about Igby goes down. I did see that movie Nobody By the way, George and a beiner boy a horrible movie they recommended don't ever see it unless you already want this one a beautiful mine I thought that movie blew oh I watched 20 minutes of it. It was the most pondress boring crap And I yanked that CD out fast and you can say Moses do you spank I mean just crap I wonder if Mo goes around talking to himself like that guy think any seeing things He was like living out his fantasies in his hands. So I got that movie What the beast told me is that Mo wonders around talking to himself with this digit deep inside his hands No, you know that what's it guys name the actor there that so far? Bingo Bury yeah, he's got body odor at the Oscars everyone pro What's up pro nobody wants to go anywhere near him? Maybe then everyone said because he I guess the Oscar Oscars don't use body of the odor whenever so they don't get cancer like all of us But then he just weeks of just like just like landfill scan was that what causes cancer is using all those the odor? Winston stuff I rush Josh Friedman's never gonna get cancer You're on Tia This man hasn't seen a bar of soaps since before Jesus was a baby. Okay Josh Friedman. Oh my god He's afraid if he ever touched that he might drop it. That's what I think that they should have Airports should have do shrubs for people that really before How would you like to be one of those inspectors and have somebody that's stuck real bad coming through taking their belt off and your pants on And then and then when they make you take your shoes off Holy you think on two things do you think the who's summer The the the the the the the the bottom iron for putting his half ounce and foil and going through the metal detector or Kobe Bryant do you think he actually raped that check? I think a need to Brian done it. Oh I love a need to Brian. What do you remember about buddy? Very close everyone's dead now. Who's the deep voice guy to die over the bud? Very white died very white. You're right. Yeah, but he hack it died Who else die A cap or effort if more deaths in last two weeks and that Congress woman that was doing the governor She let me give that I'm about the arrangers player Le Shanko. Oh Yeah, what happened to him you didn't see that I saw him on that his picture on it. What happened to him? Roman Le Shanko 24 was found dead yesterday morning and there's Sunday morning as hotel room in Turkey And first they said there was no cause of death reported but this morning I read in the Terrarotope with that he committed suicide he hung himself by it with a belt. Oh that is sweet Yeah, because he played for the rangers. Yeah, I hate the rangers and I love when guys hang themselves by their belt and a Turkish phrase It's damn that movie midnight Express with Billy walking around and there's also star was true that he really was hung That was a wait movie Midnight run doing one thing and I'm doing nothing. It's good Listen anybody turn your speaker up on the left side A Billy walk around a certain God I'm just visiting here anyway, what's going on? You're never when the prison guy is going to be a man Half of your freaking marvelous. Did anybody by the way there's street got snatched? Yeah, I gotta talk about the prison guard doing him in the air. I meant you would See I live should be sent to Turkish prisons. They're only 11 and a half games out there on fire man By the way George and Bina have horrific guests today. We had our favorite How he's back in business and we're all farting. I love Netflix as a matter of fact the reason how he's reopened is because I told him I owed you breakfasts for a month and they opened up and said no problem. We'll take care of 30 days Make that 29. They're sending me the bill in the mail Hey, did you hear the promo that we ran? Did you want to hear it one more time? Sure. Here we go Here it is this it only takes Reaper. He's busy doing his man a festo. It only takes him about eight minutes. Here we go This is it You can see tonight the last 30 thousand fans for five years How about you buy me breakfast for a month if I get it right? Okay, it's a deal How do you like that now? Last night the Marlin's through 30,600 plus then I thought of meals Right Listen, right 30 days have like 30 days a Or fried chickens at a coke and some dry white toast That's what you get and you got your thumb on it. That's not bad. Have a good day, Neil I'm Mark Morgan now yours Neil Rogers on 560 Q8 Em And no it's the continuing episode of Beaver and Butthead That's cool. Look I'm stroking my waders Yeah I'll bet you feel pretty good I'll be What you do next episode when but head hangs up with Beaver's mom As you fork yes, I did Okay, we can't back it. I don't go into a panic I'm reaching back for this in a story that you're facts to me. Why did you fancy this to me? Oh, just cuz about Medicaid coverage for a second season Whatever this is boring. I got too much stuff in pus for me. I'll just kill the first six minutes to destroy anyway I'm a friend right now it's almost time for a break right now you're right in quick Yeah, I suck in heels ass Scott Quit sucking up to Neil. So I don't know if this story is true or not We're gonna have to get like cuz I don't know anything about this website Tom Flacco calm We've never heard of it But somebody fangst is to us and if it really is true cuz I do know the story about the plane crash because it was on the news here all day yesterday was heavy fog Yesterday the morning in Toronto and it was a small plane out of Chicago that disappeared and then they discovered a crash into Lake Ontario And it were searching all day but in none of the stories the Toronto star any of the stories that mentioned Katherine Harris But I will read this story and we'll just we got to get a second we got to get verification on us Right, but the big headlines says Florida representative Katherine Harris dead in plane crash According to a source who refused to be named in this story Florida Congresswoman Katherine Harris died yesterday morning at light plane crash in foggy conditions near Toronto's island airport around 10 a.m Reports and sources are as yet unable to confirm why the Florida Congresswoman and former Secretary of State during Florida's 2000 presidential election controversy and flown from Chicago to Toronto However the source also said the governor Jim Bush was reportedly at the accident scene shortly after the crash and of course He was here last two days Our internet search confirmed that there was a crash yesterday morning in the Toronto Islands at about 9.57 a.m. in the Vis-Courtley Asserts well this was yesterday and we covered being conducted according to a Toronto Globe and Mail report at 451 yesterday afternoon how also we all confirm there was activity in Harris's Washington, E.C. Congressional office at least until midnight last night On the Monday of a long 4th of July holiday weekend when Congress was not even in session The doom plane was a small private beachcraft piloted by an unidentified American according to Constable Mike Hale Hales of the Toronto Marine Unit speaking at a press conference yesterday afternoon He'll said the Adi Adi Adi Adi on a plane held seven people including pilots six passengers And it goes out about how they try to confirm with Harris's office It says it curiously at least one person was working quite late in Harris's congressional office last evening As their calls seeking come was answered at 1035 p.m. Most strangely the female who answered the phone did not initial identify that we'd even reach the office of US Congresswoman It would be the normal procedure thus indicating that the woman was likely not a member of Harris's regular staff So we asked again whether was her office. Yeah, it is the woman said softly We're upon we answer to confirm or deny that Catherine Harris died in the plane crash yesterday morning the woman Somberley told us reporter no comment were busy goodbye hanging up the phone at around 1036 last night We called back again around midnight to same woman answered the phone. We again asked whether representative Harris had died in the plane crash in the morning The woman said I only answered the phone thinking he was somebody else I don't have the authority to answer that question goodbye She said hang out at the phone around midnight. How you liked that? Sounds really suspicious to me What was Catherine Harris coming here to Toronto for a while? Jebus in town for two days. One could only wonder Enough to send colab off another one of those wild shopping sprees Pretty bizarre. Okay. We got a lot of stuff. We got the Marlin game coming up at 145. Let's hear it so we got a short show today. Damn it What a bad break 10 13 look it to yesterday's poor results your jacos is usual taking one of his typical pools And we got that Hillary and short paragraph today from Hillary Lot of stuff on the plate heavy duty a plate You know what the time comes to have your carpets clean the name you want to be remembering is dry concepts over the years They've done a wonderful job for years truly and for everybody else that I know quite frankly Dry concepts the number one carpet cleaning company for over 20 years in the only carpet cleaning company The dry cleans your carpets. It's a exclusive padded method that makes your carpet suit look just like brand new And now dry concepts offers you an opportunity to say 15% on your next carpet cleaning Just call dry concepts tool free at 1-800-248-5071 and ask to be put on their stand by list Then dry concepts will card at the next time they've got an opening in their schedule just like when you fly stand by If you're available when they have it opening they'll not 15% off the price Call dry concepts today has to be put on their stand by list They might even have it opening for the you on the day that you call and you'll get 15% off the regular price of the job If you want your carpets will can just like brand new at a guaranteed unbelievably low price Call dry concepts today and see we've been more call toll free 1-800-248-5071 I want to your to be online one day I hear that four to throw it through great white way I want four to go to the street vendor to sell those potato things Look ain't in the board Frank Rapp's board I like our food store What the war I want of the wars I want all of you Not I Is Okay, let's take a look at Hillary's book living history Hillary Ron Clinton here's today's paragraph very short painless My mother found some relief from the oppressive conditions of Emma's house in the outdoors She ran through the orange groves that searched for miles in the San Gabriel Valley losing herself in the set of fruit ripening in the sun At night she escaped into her book. She was an excellent student who teachers encouraged her reading and writing That's yet of today's paragraph today's excerpt the similevian expert from Hillary's a best-selling book Living history crap Speaking of books I got from my good close personal friends at amazon.com yesterday nice delivery They sure are great. Yep Let me just say this right now. Okay, because people are always accusing me of being negative and ripping this one I'm if somebody is good. I'll be the first one to scream their up praises Amazon dot dot dot com is sensational Study, you know, schlepper around who doesn't different books doors and looking for a book that I know I'm not gonna find here anyway I ordered it from them. I first order and once you place the first order rhyme line with them You don't have to repeat all your all the information because it's a lot thin Be trailed the crisis in the Catholic Church by the investigative stamp of the Boston globe Actually, that's a book out of you reading from on a year every day, you know, yes, please Yeah, as opposed as opposed to that Hillary crow. I just mentioned that in passing So anyway, the thing shows up nice in a nice box and there it is through just a couple of days and I had it But I mean Here's the uphold a George took yesterday and kind of embarrassed what's up your ass See there he goes again with an ass stuff I mean the first show right on the box I order some point schedule it he hasn't waste any time he gets right into your ass But like a little periscope What's up your ass we had a thousand 27 votes so must have a lot of busy asses out there As whole drivers 350 you said that Schmidt 240 it has Schmidt up their ass Well, that's good. It's probably good sign Now that indicates they've been eating lately. That's good George 91 almost nine percent day if they got George up their ass I get around spam 81 other people's cell phones 56 lifeless locals 51 my mate 41 my boss 40 The CR boss and I've asked is we never see him which is good even if I'm there we rarely see him Peter 38 we got another penis story today about Kentucky fried pita. Oh, they suck your crazy people all you pita people Peter. I mean I love animals to a point But you people are like insane you need to be institutionalized my bank 22 votes That was my vote See it isn't just plain ordinary pedestrian walk Kobe anymore now it's first union walk Kobe which is like the anti-Christ has just taken over my bank Since I've done my bank in well, let's see a butt plug 22 bina boy letter my phone company 10 that was that was the energy Or just pull the result I don't want to dwell on it for more than another two three hours about the bank sucks win What's your IQ got to be to work in a bank? 30 man seriously. I mean how stupid is it possible to be? And it started out it was family band. By the way my best regards to my close personal friend Matt Korjov Miss you Matt Called me on the year one day seven years ago offered me the services of family bank kitty corner right from where I live It was great he used to take care everything for me even used to call in my my federal tax deposits everything Give me like friendly personal service with a smile Then all of a sudden he left and family bank got changed a little bit then all of the before you know it became Republic security bank That wasn't too bad. It wasn't great. It wasn't too bad They'd screw up your account maybe like once or twice a year at tops Then all of a sudden before you know why do you sleep and you wake up in the morning and Republic security bank just became watch over your money bank. They suck And you go into the bank or you go through the drive through and other than my friend Carol I miss you Carol other than her you know You see people you never saw before you never want to see again with an IQ of about third man And they just keep screwing up your account in like putting holds on your account doing all these bizarre things that they've agreed that they're not gonna do and just screw up your life well then all of a sudden one day. I don't know what day that was It becomes not just plain or ordinary while Kobe a bank anymore, but now it's Republic security and I'm a what is it first union first union Could that be the same first union as in first union Security and mid-church. That's what it sounds like to me so we know what they're all about their crap And my nine digit account I got a two accounts in the same bank. They used to have nine digits in your account number now it's 15 They had tell me yesterday on the phone during my three hours that I spent on the phone unscrewing up my account Now it's 15 digits. You know what that means? Will they tell you that that means they used to be just a number now? You're a much smaller number right Used to be just just another number to us now. You're like a little teeny ten and this is what's happening in the USA boys and girls This is not just every radio and TV station all by the same couple of companies every goddamn bank Every a supermarket everything you know everything you buy everything you need is all by the same bunch of grave robbers Every pill that you have to take everything your whole life is on by about a half a dozen goddamn companies Including those Nazis at Walmart So that that's what you got you've got a bunch of incompetent assholes who don't really care about you They put a hold on my check again in my last deposit and took them about ten days to find the decide to contact me and let them know That they had bounced the check I worked on myself. They bounced my federal income tax in deposit They set off a chain of events. I go to my ATM on Saturday morning here to my nearby next door ATM I stick my card an area and it goes Like that it starts laughing at me like that. I hear giggling songs Your financial institution declines because you're overdrawn in your account. Well, I'm overdrawn in my account because they put a hold on my guide then deposit So I can't get any cash out of the ATM over the weekend. They've screwed up my whole goddamn My so I had a real pleasant July 4th holiday weekend and about three pleasant hours on a phone yesterday talking to a bunch of Inbasils morons over. If you call our 1-800 number they can handle it See the reason she was dumping me off the color 1-800 number with somebody who's probably in pochipsy or somewhere who doesn't have any ID who I am Is because I find out later that she this bitch over there. She had a line of people at her desk with the same complaints that I was making She was just trying to get me off the phone So all I want to say is watch over yourself, okay? Because if you're with first union walk over your bank man you got real tourists if it hasn't happened yet It will it will Just a matter of time not a question of if it's a question of when Because they're in component and they don't give a crap. They could they could cure less Do we have any confirmation on the capten here a story? No, yeah because I checked the MSFUD report. It's not on there We have no cable here currently. Oh She's having been on CNN right now. I was not a pretty sad commentary old Fear begins an amazing recovery Find out where he said the first time he was able to speak. Oh, okay good. We'll we'll wait with me to breath the twins died by the bank case you missed that overnight those signed these twins they died. That's my fault Yeah, because George said I don't want to be like that well now he's just he goes way over with that crap I hope they all die, you know like this hockey player he dies That's right. That's great. Yeah Come on. I wasn't hoping that they would die. I was yes. You were there are radians you hate the air radians You always have I never met one you put a hex on those two or young women I confess This is the story that pissed me off so bad that I just want to spit blood almost enough to make me want to come on here And they did that I'm not working almost you know, so I said This is for lottery. I'll charge malester and suicide case gets ten years probation suspended a sentence basically is what a boy's down there A 35 year old man was sentenced to ten years of probation years that after admitting him a less to the boy at least twice of our 15 years ago The victim was not in court yesterday however Chris Hammond shot himself to death April 28th Just days after ordering his abuser would likely never go to prison he was 27 he's dead And this guy gets ten years probation Hammond said he was molested over a two month period when he was a child by man He called Uncle Freddy later identified as Frederick Irresiri The attached occurred at Irresiri's coconut creek home. All the victim was in Irresiri's care when police contacted Irresiri Quickly confessed according to police and court records Criminal charges were filed Irresiri was looking at life in prison for raping the boy Irresiri was about 20 at the time of the crime. There was a problem however The defense raised a question about whether Hammond was 11 or 12 when he was abused Hammond's age at the time was crucial if he was 11 there's no statute limitations for prosecuting the abuser But if he was 12 the time limit already had run out With Hammond's death just weeks past Irresiri on Monday pleaded guilty in two counts of attempted sexual battery of a child 12 years or older and addition to a decade of probation Irresiri has to register as a sexual offender have no contact with any trial under 18 Take in past two polygraph test a year ago officials a DNA sample so can be entered in the database But no jail time ten years probation because of a technicality because the kid wasn't 11 he was 12 and I was dead And that enough to make your blood brought by a boy. I want a puke 10 27 at five sixty happy Tuesday We got the marlins on direct of 145 marlins at the cubs that would be field 220 this afternoon the big oh After the ballgame, it became 10 in Joe and Mark overnight everybody's on vacation everybody's out of town It's just they know we're just patching it together I just showed up today because I'm a nice guy He has a near-rugged summer savings event presented by Tom Layman and Joe Prieto at Hall of Pontiac GMC two more We did ice guys Here's Neal deal number one waiting for you right now get yourself zero percent financing for 60 months on every 2003 2,000 3 Pontiac or GMC and stock the LDL number two get up to a $4,000 We bet on every 2003 GMC and Pontiac and stock on you current and former military personnel Get yourself an additional $750 We made from your friends at Hall of the right now Neal deal number three least a new 2004 grand pre-GT one for his little is 289 bucks So what that's a 36 month lease talk to our friends at Hall of the details and also right now at Hall it You can still test drive a vehicle for 24 hours It can take it home take it to work take it your massage parlor have a great time with it. Don't leave anything in the back seat And as always check out Hallets great selection pre on vehicles if you've been turned down by all the dealers because you have marginal credit It's not a problem in Hallethill cut you deal Hall of Pontiac GMC one 34 one South Dixie Highway that's US one across from the falls open every day seven days a week If you want more info on his great Neal deals cover tool free hotline one triple eight five three four forty two eleven That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven no forget all Neal deals Something to credit approval see our friends at Hall of four details once you do some car shopping over there You'll agree with the rest of the world then the Hall of Pontiac GMC they are professional great Sports for the old five C On wrap all the slime all the time today on Beverly Hill, Billy's 902 one. Oh, Mr. Drydale buys miss half the way of vibran I You Nice tonight. I'm Beverly Hill Billy's 902 one. Oh So I just read the entire story about the plank ranch delight plane and cranks yesterday morning here Yeah, did you also read the facts? I just sent no cuz it didn't come over yet. Okay, and it said It's just an internet rumor I'm sorry. I mean, it's just an internet rumor I see Well, it must be a little bit more than that cuz this story is very very lengthy. I mean, I'm who never heard of Tom Flacco.com not me But it doesn't mention anything about the name it just mentions the name of the pilot in this story in a globe and mail It doesn't say anything about who the passengers were so Certainly is possible on a course if it turns out that it was her and she was on her way to Toronto and Jeff Bush was here for two days That would sure be interesting wouldn't Here's a call from four lotterdale hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir Captain Harris is sitting in the audience and sees being right now. Yeah, so she's not dead She's maybe they got her propped up. No, this is live as they're given on distinguished What you call it awards, but they keep standing in the audience and she's sitting Way over in the far right so she's a little bit well. Are you sure it's not a stunt double? Thanks for the good news pal Like I said thanks for the bad news. So and what did I tell you when you sent me this I said I was very skeptical But we all know why not go with it sure just okay, and then we cross our fingers and hope that maybe it was true That's a bad thing to say but I really do wish nothing but the worst Bitch So evidently it's another one of those internet rumors like you said in course this website is a marginal Invest who the hell ever heard of it which is why we can't find any place else because ever to ever deadly it didn't happen Evonently and be seen what's called just called the station to tell us it was a fake the stories of fake Okay, well just don't get so breathless okay, but it was very exciting for a couple months one Yeah, what do you mean NBC just called the station? Is that just came running in here to tell us that NBC called studio to tell us that it was I'm in a way on you assholes at NBC aren't you embarrassed at MSNBC at a fire Michael Savage after putting him on in the first place Isn't that pretty embarrassing? The peacock has got its tail between his legs MSNBC yesterday fired that right wing fascist Michael Savage for anti-gay comments The popular radio talk show hosted in a weekend TV show for the desperate cable channel referred to an unidentified Caller to wish show Saturday as a Sodomite and City should get AIDS and die His comments were extremely inappropriate and the decision was an easy one MSNBC spokesman Jeremy Gaines said There was no immediate comment from Savage according to a spokesman as office California The branch tough talking savage is one of radio's hottest juxtices here His Paul reverse society advocates closing borders deporting illegal immigrants mediating health test Vermeagance and eliminating entitlement programs The televised version of the Savage nation began March 8 despite the protest of such anti-Sig groups as the gig and lesbian lines against defamation air did 5 p.m. on Saturday Savage didn't translate into a TV hit he increased ratings for the timeslaught marginally according to MSNBC In other words, they probably went from a 0.1 to a Only two or something like that nothing The incident that resulted in this firing began initially and off Savage was taking viewer phone calls about the airline horror stories and a male caller began talking about smoking in the bathroom Half an hour into the flight. I need to suggest that don't in Mike take your something the caller said before he was cut off in his words Became unintelligible Do you know what I think the caller said? Don't in Mike Plow So you're one of those Sodomites are you a Sodomite's avidast the caller replied yes. I am oh You're one of the Sodomites avid said you should only get AIDS and die you pig house that why not to see if you can sue me you pig You've got nothing better than to put me down you piece of garbage you got nothing to do today So go eat a sausage and choke on it He asked another phone caller didn't have a nice light in the bathhouses angry at me today These bombs mean nothing to me. He said Lance books woman Kathy Renna said of Savage's firing. It's a vote time The latest detect made the clearest case for why Savage has no place on any reputable news network MSNBC witnessed firsthand exactly the kind of verbal assaults glad the warning them about for the past five months into their quit At they backed up their promises told them accountable and they fired his right wing ass As if it makes a difference I mean he as far as TV was concerned Didn't even make a blip on a rectus scale and you know who else doesn't make a blip on radio? I give up I see that Glenn Garven in the Harold has got this big big glowing piece over the weekend about Bill or Riley and about how he's kicking ass on TV He and he talks about his three million listeners nationwide on radio You know how many there are in South Florida Yeah, he doesn't eat doesn't even crack a zero. It doesn't make a point one on a radio in South Florida And since you're writing the column in the Harold and in South Florida Glenn Garven you might want to mention it and there, but of course you wouldn't because it's obviously a puppies Sucking up to the right wing Representative Katherine Harris is alive and well her office announced that he respond to an internet rumor to the contrary Jennifer Platten the Congresswoman's office had Harris arrived in a Washington office yesterday after him Following the July 4th break a website is sending hers was killed in a plane crashing Canada Harris is author of the center of the storm published by WND books which tells how she dealt with the controversy surrounding the fixed Tuta I mean the 2000 presidential election and the party played when she was Florida Secretary of State and Sucking jab bushes, but or whatever whatever she was sucking on How do you like that she's still alive? We thought we had some really exciting news there to start today and turns out to be a hoax. Oh well, that's okay Was exciting The dog days a summer we need a little bit of assignment whether it's true or not here's West Palm Beach hello Yeah, or maybe better okay, okay Well, no, he waited a long time for that you know yeah 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T Verizon law we got a lot of a dead people to get into here today Here's our pull question today when you can help us out because we got to add to this And then the reason I'm doing this is because number one dice are definitely in and number two We all I always do this with guys, you know, which of the male celebrities you think is probably most likely gay And then we give some real questionable ones like Ricky Martin things like that All right, which of these female celebrities do most strongly believe is a die J. Low Ria Carrie Brittany Spears now. I don't think Brittany you could a lot of votes, but there's some you know that whole just and think her bell thing Yeah, I'm dreaming it made you really wonder Brittany's Chris Jamie Lee Curtis As they don't come much more mucher than Jamie Lee Anacorn, oh, yeah, although George's the nice it like crazy and Hillary Clinton although I don't know Hillary's not a celebrity But we'll put around her anyway just rolled off. She's an awful lot of rest. She's an author that makes her celebrity That's the list we got so far which of these female celebrities and please don't waste our time with rosio Donald who's out of the closet or with somebody who's a lnd generous Out of the closet. That's not the question Because you know they'll do that. Oh yeah, we think about rosy Which of these female celebrities do most strongly believe is a diec because dikes are definitely in Right these are the days for dikes J. Low Ria Carrie Brittany Spears Jamie Lee Curtis and Acornacoma or Hillary Clinton and the list will continue So you didn't realize that buddy, you have some Don't hit on J. Long You know that's one story we got right on the show last week. We mentioned that he'd been hospitalized and of course when you're 95 and you go in the big house He generally don't come out right right He didn't come out when he came up and out alive 95 is old enough Buddy on speaker 95 is old enough my mother had her 90th birthday on Saturday and I said over personal delivery a beautiful card with a nice big fat birthday check and I call her on Saturday morning You're the only one I haven't got a birthday card for me Yeah Every year the same embarrassment okay, do I ever fail to have a birthday card on that found her birthday? I was gonna say bitch, but I've been on her birthday. No So every mother's day and her birthday July 5th so they come pretty close together. There's a nice big fat check And they might actually clear if we'll watch over your money gets by a count straight not ma. Maybe not Yeah, the only one didn't send me a card. I got one from your brother and one from your aunt and one from my mama and yeah So anyway buddy, Epson was 95 that's old enough and when you come right down to it, ma Buddy Epson the looseland dancer turned Hollywood actor which he'd certainly been richest in the TV series the Beverly Hills Police and Bartoby Jones has died 95 died yesterday in George, Mr. He missed it. Yes, sorry He died Sunday morning at Torrance Memorial High Medical Center in Torrance, California said Pam hope and the relation to Bob Administrative nursing supervisor he'd been admitted to the hospital to return and call us buddies estate last month for treatment of a undisclosed illness Yeah, that always crashed me up people say oh gee well, what do what he did? Oh he was 95 like maybe old-a I think it might be something like that something gave out Something just kind of like fellow part 10 41 19 before 11 at 5 60 WQ and don't forget that Marlon game coming up to sap no 145 We get a 15 minute reprieve today because it's a summer months. We give it to the way for it. How big are you? Are we gonna give tickets away? Oh, yeah for the we're gonna give tickets away to listen to the Marlon company today So everybody call it we'll give us some free tickets for listen to Catherine Harris is still alive and I'm gonna apologize because I said right off the bed It looked like a really bogus story to me, but nevertheless it was there and It created a little bit of an effect at NBC called a station to inform us that it was a bogus story that was outstanding That was sensational we love our friends at NBC do we have any besides your rows? No 10 42 it Think we do at 5 60 WQ a you know hurricane season is definitely in sound Florida right now before storm hits every year You'll put up shutters to protect the windows and doors of your home, but what about the roof for your house? The soul may paint factory makes roof mystic a roof coating that can help your hurricaneproof your roof So may as roof mystic saved hundreds and hundreds of roofs during hurricane Andrew while unprotected roofs were peeling off and flying right down a road So may also as water pro coatings for every kind of roof ever made called the so-made paint factory at 305 633 63333 the so-made paint factory is the oldest quality paint and waterproof cutting manufacturing Florida So may well save you money because they eliminate the middle man markups They sold it everybody at wholesale prices that are 60% lower than what you'd pay for national brands at retail stores So this year protect your home and property from South Florida's brutal tropical climate with the best paints and waterproof coatings at the best prices Call the so-made paint factory or fight them on the web at so-made.com You save a ton of cash when you find direct from the so-made paint factory so-may-why be sure and tell them that old Neal turning to call 305 633 633333 410 Fifty Oh Baby, don't do it She look She thrilled again But people want me to be wary But just tell it I'm not proud Shut up, I don't hear what you're telling I can't believe you want a very bad ass play And you had nothing right in that lonely chest But don't you know that then Apple is so firm and a whole lot baby Oh, baby, very to that day Oh, he is funky My love funky The drug that leaves us alone Cause we're good About him I am not the aware good He loves me and my birth was so good I won't try to bring up Cause he makes more than me Right? Then the guy and I'm so bad Guess we don't tell a girl Just to never do his job Just to never make any man Just to make his movies the scenarios will be bad But I don't want a fail He's so good He can't believe that boy alone Now we both want to get in He will just find a solution What is he doing 1049 and 56 He's the WCM 15 votes The new poll is up Which of these females celebrities do you most strongly Believe is a dike Hillary Clinton's got eight Jimmy they curtain Now look at it It says Lamey Lee Curtis Did he do that on purpose Or is that supposed to be a tight O? Come on let's get with it, Eric Okay, we lost it so hard As you probably had a really brutal July 4th holiday Weekend of eating and Eating and stuffing your face and eating Let's get a ride Jimmy Lee Curtis has three He's got a Lamey Lee Curtis That's pretty weak Jail was got a pair I voted for Mariah Scary's got two None for Brittany and none for Anna Corner Cova Oh brother You guys are just so far out of it It's embarrassing to me They just don't get it That's okay Except for an allergy to a low Guess bad news in at Wimbledon in the final Mark fellow Pusus Who got you? Well I didn't care about tennis But he sure is how still looks good Anyway, except for an allergy to a Lamey He would have been this is buddy Epson He would have been this is an amazing story That you never knew He would have been one of the yellow brick road court Ten of classic wizard about After ten days of filming Epson playing The Tin Man fellow because of the aluminum Makeup on his skin and was replaced by Jack Haley I knew that You didn't know that? Yes I did Maybe you didn't know he died No From what the silver paint Could have been It could have been like lead poisoning It was just slow acting Good thing See I've got a clue for you There's a little tip When you do the crossover Ten of clock with Farella all summer Yeah Just keep talking I got a ram on And I worked like a term this morning He's talking and I'm talking And out of the right channel He heard one of the story And they're hitting another totally different topic Out of the other channel It's great It's like two radio shows for the place I hear it too show us better price of one He wants some free tickets to that club Marlon game today Come on Free tickets to listen to one four and five Let me say this again Because people might have not heard it Because he was talking over me Rangers said a Roman lion shank I never heard of him Twenty four was found dead Sunday morning His hotel room in Turkey No cousin as reported But this morning's Toronto star says Or somewhere I would that they believe it was a suicide Many hung himself with a belt I mean hang yourself with a belt I'll show you Oh you put the one and through the loop Right but you don't put that little The little tank through any of the holes And then you put the loop around You're neck and you tie it off to a pipe Or something and then you jump off the chair Oh Life shank was acquired by the Rangers Mark 12,000, Mark 12,000 Two long with Mark 10 Richinsky from Dallas stars I shank will play the final 15 games of that season With the Rangers two more last season Yaddi Yaddi Play most of the last year with Hartford, New Year The Rangers organization is shocked and deeply Sedan said President Coach Glenn said they were going to stay in the shoe Today he played 138 career in HL games with the stars And Rangers scoring 14 goals and it says Like so many others lately he's dead A lot of people dying these days Including lots of Americans in Iraq I just mentioned that in passing Every day I was dying Good movie The born identity with Matt Damon speaking of an act Like Matt Damon was great in the born identity You haven't seen it yet? No, not yet but I will How about bonehead boy? That's odd And I thought it was good I missed like the really first part of it So I was confused almost to the end But it was still a good movie I got news where you're still confused But it was very good And he certainly that was his best role I would say I mean he was like really the butcher him up And he was pretty good in good Look good too nice going Matt Bad movie like I said Often movie and you both ought to hang your heads in shame I mean it wasn't bad enough that somebody there gave me Boy that was me And kids and a gummo and a harpo and groucho And I grabbed that wasn't bad enough But then a beautiful mind Oh my god What is it that you could possibly like about that movie You didn't see it so I saw the first 20 minutes I would be in a coma right now If I would continue trying to watch that I mean you talk about slow Yeah Well It was like my life was on 70 RPM and it was like on 33 And a turret Whatever Slow Didn't go anywhere Well it did Well I didn't have time to wait I was in a very fun I'd rather I'd rather I'd rather I'd rather I'd watch in which I did see the black cat with the Villalagosi and the Boris Crowa I watched that instead it was on my screen TV That was good And you saw it? Yes I did hundred years ago Now here's a movie Well guess what else I ordered but you are disappointed To be disappointed I ordered Edward on the VHS Which everybody says great Because it's not out in DVD I don't want to wait Another order from amazon.com You see when you do me right I'll talk you up From now till the end of time When you screw me over like 1st you knew I'd call me a bank I'll rip you an ass because you deserve it because you suck You suck They should only rot at first you need what Kovia bank Ow, what our policy is this and our policy is like Yeah They don't even know what their policy is They couldn't get a straight if you held a guy damn gun Other hit, oops But anyway Urban legend with the lovely what's in the juridly I would have that You said it is okay It's a teen slaughter I saw I saw the preview But on one of these screen TV one of my numbers that you don't get And it looked pretty good I mean if you liked that kind of thing Let me that's okay I like that kind of thing All right Instead of the review our red set It wasn't as good as scream But it was a damn close Scream was good It was a hoot Sure Now here's the movie Especially for all our holios All the 30 we got list and out there that you will really enjoy And I think everybody else will too And maybe this is the movie that they keep calling on And I don't think it was Mexican though It seemed to me like it was a film that in this Spaniac That's not the one they keep calling about the one you see Oh it's from the year 2000 Kisses for everyone I've seen it before But last night I saw it in sincerity No In Spaniac with English subtitles And I'm not sure some of the words in my come up here What I recorded from it but That's okay The other thing don't speak spore That's right It's one drunk thing Not the gopah But for this you'll they might learn it I don't know I don't know That's what I learned Yeah Oh he might have been watching a beautiful mind I'm sorry, glad to hear that That's part later That was him How would have some of them? The racist and discibre of kin He's been some in the positive Don't they know why they're being here? Anyway there was a lot of sex Real and imaginary And a lot of hot young people And a bunch of sloppy hookers And it was just a really cute fun movie It was nice Floppy hookers Yeah You're kind of movie Okay Kisses for everyone In Spaniac with English subtitles I'm just recommending I enjoyed it a lot Okay I liked it You didn't like it Well that's what you haven't even seen it So what's up I'll go into your right now In a sitting position I guarantee it's better than a beautiful mind Okay I'll check it out That was so freaking boring Here's Carl Gables Hello Oh Carl Gables He's in a shirt gets around But you sound like you're far away today sir You sound like you're fading off into the distance Like your life We're tired Too much energy It might be your last asshole How is the pool come? I'm a good swennery man She is pulling away And we need some more suggestions for this pool Hillary 37 Jimmy Lee Curtis 13 Thanks for correcting the spelling Eric Slub And a corner hole you're for Mariah Carey 3 Jay Lothu And Brittany's got one Brittany's got a big one Is what I'm hearing I'll let you check it out Brittany's got one somewhere And a lot of people are like Oh those two twins by the way they died My fault Why not you put a hex on him Everything was going along so well And they were you know Breakfastly on all the news channels Even up here They were Thomas Every every incision Every thing that they were doing And then I get up this morning Oh they died Since they're fault for inflicting it on me So much What's the next day's story Because they died 1057 and 560 The WCWM Some are time in south Florida Guarantees Three things Tea, humidity and hurricanes Now y'all you can't control the weather Unfortunately but you can't control How you protect your home during hurricane season The hurricane shutter window Shop provides the best hurricane Protect none of the sun Which is one easy call to the hurricane Shutter window Shumple be at your home the next day With a quote for hurricane Shutter's windows and doors Customize and engineered specifically For you and your home From panels According to the Corriens Rollup shutters impact resistant windows And doors The hurricane shutter window Shop will not be under sold There'll be any written legitimate quote Because when you buy from these folks You're buying direct to the manufacturer and wholesaler too Call the hurricane shutter window Shop toll free 1-800-5-380-191 They also offer cash and curie for you do Your self-hand events of your series About hurricane protection Customize and engineered specifically for you And your home Call these folks today Call the hurricane shutter window Shop toll free 1-800-5-380-191 Tom at Ancient Neal To order to call 1-800-5-380-191 My and local Your sports radio 5-60-20 You a-m Radiance Don't ask dirt Is it? No, little bit Nice a lot Miss Pudges and beautiful friends Huge headlines to arrive on the Big Game Hearts Thank you He had a skin Eat up and win They put one back in Toss his heart is old The doctor's called it a heart of fans But now we really know his heart is old That's when we're here lucky Matter what we're told Get it changed out of heart That's old That's the looting Open Don't Exblown He makes decisions He has the vision He has the country on your history troll While pushes jodding Fixed things you're vlogging And that's what happens when your heart is old And it's low of old Yeah The change is not a heart That's old And it's gonna blow He'll keep on working till his heart is cold He'll keep pretending that is hard Ain't no But it's really old Well we made the big time We made the fudge report Good morning to miss Fudge out there I know you're listening on the beach She loves me She's obsessed with me in this program We do realize that don't you? Yes I do this Anyway here right above the headlining The big story My name is top rated local tacos Neil Rogers WQAM 56DAM spell correctly Thanks miss Fudge Fueled An online lampoon Yesterday Today Two days How better for my glasses So I can read it Well it's a couple of days Tuesday that Congresswoman Catherine Harris died And the plane crash yesterday While in the clandestine rendezvous With Florida Governor Jeb Bush and Canada Catherine Harris is dead reported by my legend Rogers I've got the news story right here It's on the internet A plane crash Representative Harris who rose to National Attention During Florida's 2000 election Recount appeared live on a house farm Washington as Rogers was detailing Repair Death from a posting found online How do you like that? But she gets around you know My god She's all over the guy damn place Nice gone miss Fudge Thank you And you know let me just say this The Fox News can go to court To get a ruling that says oh you can just make stuff up and put it on here It doesn't have to be true That we can do it too Even though we were condoned by somebody said it's the fact That's okay. We were skeptical enough don't you think Yeah, well, it's not as much That they were downing tomoses and Neil's in George's in the Beater voices But never less to make for some Explicit a son of a guy named Fudge report In the middle of the summer time in the middle of the dog days of summer So whoever sent us that original facts Thank you very much for the misinformation Here's the facts it says I love this facts It's short right to the point It said Barbee Jones had one of the best theme songs But to show itself was boring When I was a kid I would just watch the opening credits and then change the channel Good thank you I love that man Well we did those shows on TV things I can't find a playlist of adventure people this was the best It is it's the best That is the best Am I right? I like it a lot I like it a lot. I'm not asking you Oh, it was asking our buddy That's a loop can be back Thursday morning by the way Those have you missed a moment The mole myster Let's see how about neve Campbell for your pull It seems that every movie roll I see her in she's sucking face with some other chick Maybe she keeps picking those rules for a reason just like maybe mo keep spicking his butt for a reason That honorable mention Cameron Diaz just a hunch or even the two together I go see that movie it says I don't think either one of them is a dyke do you know Okay, well, I mean we could put it on there But I don't think so because we got we got a whole bunch of other good ones Joanie Foster how could we leave Jody off of there because she's well not now She's not out. She's not out. All right Just because you have very heavy heavy suspicion Okay, she's not out. Okay. I know she's not out now. Betty why I mean Betty why I believe but I mean if nobody knows who Betty why isn't he more okay only us old-farts So that would be a good one, but I'm not put it on there, right? It was if the tailor is ridiculous. How many times she been married about Good man. Come on this week Elizabeth Taylor just because of her fondness for Michael Jackson. She's a fag hag, okay. That doesn't make her a dick In fact most fag has that I've encountered my life are not like amazing enough. I don't know maybe they're just afraid of a penis. I don't know what their deal is. I don't know ask Somebody Jody Foster. When you stop picking on my friends Jody Foster is going to go on the list. You got it. Who's it to keep in track of it? We all are we she don't know We all are Because I don't want to push beaterboard because he's obviously at a rough start to win day today anything you'd like to tell us about Randy's great I think you're pardoned Randy multitask is great That had to do with this morning. I just had it said that on the air. No, we know if that Randy multitask is great He helps all of my friends and me and everybody else if you get a ticket if you get some kind of a a traffic problem If you're irresponsible like me and boy call Randy multitask to take a defense to use the best in the world. Love your Randy save my ass Yeah, believe me. It's going to take a lot more than him to save your ass Jody Foster Jackie Johnson. I don't think so. I think Jackie buried but well, that proves it to me. Yeah But I mean she's it's just Janet Jackson now we're starting to get a little more than me to the matter get Janet on there And lies them in L. See again confusing. She's a phagag. She's not a dyke. She's a phagag Just like her mother was okay runs in the family Judy Garland lies the Manelli lose Taylor their phagag don't you get it don't you understand it? God, they wouldn't know a phagag from a glory hole People are so out of touch. You know seriously straight people some of you are pretty nice. We are so out of touch with factory and proud of it Touch with life Oh, okay, glory holes are just for fags I knew that get you Well, if you were a little bit more creative if you're going to those units six girls Just imagine what you could be doing in there anyway. How about Angelina Joli is this Trish says she looks gay Angelina Joli if you ever heard that a lot of lesbian women really wish she was Yeah, very popular. Well, no, we're not asking who would you like to be gay. That's not the poll question They go, who do you think is most probable okay, not not fantasy and how would you like to take a tumble with but That would be like my saying I think Ethan Hawke is gay. It's just ridiculous You know what I'm talking about swish both thinking urban legend so you didn't like that. I'm just like the movie but she's reading everything I just didn't know that I like the way it a lot In least in this movie I call far and so So there's somebody going to call us about their kisses for everyone moving. Oh, that was really cute You know what I'm saying no. I mean, it's not in the league with a lot of these other heavy heavy movies we talked about but it was cute. It was in joy But you'd like it. I'll watch it And by the way, we heard the rumor little birdie told me speaking of That Miguel was in there on Friday Same at the end of the show or yesterday. Yes, they say saying he didn't like our weekly and for dream five I guess you didn't read the company memo That we don't allow more than two spikes on the air at the same time Just keep on working. I say Here's Pembroke Park. Hello See Miguel didn't like that movie because there was nothing about cast or when it yes sir The Gourney weaver is a die course How about Charlie weaver? Uh, I think I was playing the cloud Yeah Yeah, I'm in the end of the thing this yeah, okay. We'll put it around there make you have you put the Gourney weaver on there. Okay. She's like alien to me 560 we can build a nice list here. How's it going so far? Oh, I Hillary yeah, and look at the number on here. Hillary's got 69 vote I wonder if there's a message there And we'll be making cracks about you know, Janet Reno and sister Jean and stuff like that Hillary Clinton 69. Jimmy Lee Curtis 25 and a corner Jorge 8. See I told you I bet you one of those was Pavel very bold. I only wish isn't there two ends in Anna Mariah Carey Mariah Carey What what if it's a Zemek? I would just take up more space. He's got a long last. They don't be picking on the poor Eric, okay. He's under such incredible stress now Because he knows that sooner or later, Bina boy's going to screw up and he's going to have to do all the stuff on our website We got a whole bunch of great bedtime stories on our website that I including Canton Harris cropped Matt Dred was flying the plane. I heard Miss Fudge was flying. Not with a plane You're right. I carry see anything we do on this show be on there immediately because he listens religiously. He just obsessed with this show In fact he's probably on a phone right now with my good friend Lynn Samel's thought pappa pappa pappa pappa. You know having a good time. That's okay That's okay. Lin just can't help herself. You know she's one of those I was talking about Mariah Carey seven Britney Spears six and J. L. six Well, it Britney's got six Now that's either six people are thinking about Justin Tinker Berlin about all these, you know Bye bye bye. That's tough because I'm thinking of I have you ever seen her with a guy that look good No, no, no, I was searching of a searching. No, seriously after she dumped Justin allegedly because this is all tabloid created bullcraft I mean don't believe any of these things you read or hear it's just all manufactured like Leo and all those orgies Leo's we have all those hot bang right Bullcraft and Ricky Martin and those hot chicks Yeah, I think the hot chicks he had word Kentucky fried and a pita people ain't too happy about it He was just here recently Ricky Martin and I also who he was here in Toronto Had a lot of losers here lately Jeff Bush Who was having Klein-distan meetings with somebody but we don't know if you'd rather get them He's in difficult I can drop it and I'll do the show that that's a really cute movie I love you ought to see it. I will see it a little bit on the lighter side I mean it's got like a very poignant. It's got some you know poignant ending and then it's said when so on Dude Here's the call from Boker hello That's him again Hmm, see now today he's from Boker, but he's not lying now. Why don't you try calling out another line asshole, okay? So I don't know before I even punch up the call and see you or what it you try this Yeah, try that yeah 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T of rise of wireless line Which of these female celebrities do most strongly believe is a diek and Hillary is running away with it And what about I always told you if you were married to an ice prince is like that bitch you'd be out there getting the humbers from any anything you could from anybody or a buddy alive Huh or if I wasn't But I'm just saying I mean all these people are where we're picking on poor Bubba because he was horny as hell What would you do if you're married to a bitch like that? Well 1113 not Monica at five 60. Oh, I was looking for that movie too. I couldn't find it the big girl Lewinsky Now they did not have luckily. I guess I lucked I didn't have the big Lebowski and either one of the stores I check yesterday That's the good news. Let's hear it. Oh, I'll probably save some money seriously anybody in this audience like a beautiful mind with Russell Crow I'd like to hear why What I don't want to rule anyone on Yeah, I don't care if I want a thousand awards, okay, so did Al Pacino when the Academy Award for that crap You see it for this Is a bunch of who right Isn't really what I was looking for I was looking more for like that. It'll do it fit in pretty good. Thanks Bubba 1113 we got the Marlins in a cubs and 145 today. Isn't today Don Charles pitch in the bener boy Why You think we'll know that even Who pay no attention to baseball anymore? If I am at least aware of that I believe Don Charles will us as pitch in for tomorrow and today Come on. Let's get with it. Let's get with a program. Just because you're not a fan This because you have to like absorb some of these things get with a program, man You're on a sports station as Duffwood say By the oh crap. Where's that as Duffwood say wait a minute. Yeah sports Haha Oh, did he do that before after he shaved off his mustache? You know what right around the same time at ice cream. You know how his voice kind of cracks on it. Let's see all right. Oh, it's beautiful. Hey, if you're on the Atkins ready on the low carbs sugar free diet Here's a great store that you will fall in love with the lights of West book where you can go and shop for your hearts to light Because everything in a store is geared just for you and your needs With over nine hundred low carb sugar free products the lights of West focus in producing new ones every month And this month is no exception try the new low carb instant cup of soup all you do is an ant in water and microwave it a low carb Meal on a cup of four delicious flavors try the new simply low carb muffins for quick breakfast Your own individual sized cheesecake or low carb hot cocoa apple cider blindies brownies Delights incredible selection of low carb pasta sauces dressing chips chocolates their famous carbolite ice cream Almonds snack cakes and six delicious flavors the at last brand chocolate crisp and chocolate min bars would no Multitau you'll be real happy about that. I know I will be carbohydrate Drink chocolate vanilla shakes a low carb meal of the can and be sure to check out Judy's low carb peanut riddle with what it was It peanut brittle with unbelievably great taste Well, I haven't had peanut riddle in a coon zade sounds good Anyway, come in and sample them all until I suppose you can try before you buy it any day stuff I talked to their staff when was dining inside and out and don't forget all Atkins brand product are on sale all day every day At the lights of West book and they're open daily 10 to 10 and you'll find them on the Northeast corner of Glades and 441 right next to Boston market not too far from that fancy place where mollus call them pull free at 1 877 low carb or Shop them on the way with low carb.com don't forget that's the lights of West Boca your official atkins retail center Your manager. I am a pussy Universal pictures in association with grease it up production presents a black buster Hino this season seven years in my butt just Get it the bar of Albert story starring Harvey firestein and Richard Gears seven years in my butt Appenitrating byography that I just wanted to be long. Is that so wrong coming to a theater near you? Is that for round around the end of Harvey firestein never seen the two of them together of you? That's true love in 2560. Nobody cuz I how come misgrudged didn't put on here that Well, there are a whole bunch of things you could put on there Just this sticks that on there you could have put a whole bunch of other red lines about the show If I can't have the QM line up on his website. How come we don't have a link on his website? Come on, Ms. Fudge. We want a link you asshole In fact, oh and speaking of people in the closet What about that Mark Foley, huh? US representative Mark Foley asked organizers of a new is summer camp for children to strengthen their background checks of employees yesterday After meeting with leaders of nudist organizations who were defending the camp. Yeah, this is Mark Foley's big thing now is the teenage nudist in the camp nudist camp That's his big cause to love Come out of the closet markets long overdue. You know what I'm saying? Got it a Coalition to groups representing recreational nudists asked to meet with Foley a pilly to them to respect the privacy of the families Who choose to send their children to the camp? Of course the people at Foley you know consort with they like to send all of us to camp a different kind Foley called attention to the camp last month when he asked Governor Jeff Bush to investigate whether the summer program was illegal Vosha's staff did you hear about Captain Harris finally? No, what Bush is that she's still alive Bush's staff responded. They found no education of illegal activity But that they would check to see if any complaints have been filed the week-long summer camp run by the American Association for nude recreation outside of Tampa allows kids eight eleven away teen to get together for games sports and discussions about their choice to stay in the buff I want to make sure that they're properly regulated properly Secure and they're not gonna have kids come in contact with undesirable said Foley a West Palm Beach closet queen Republican is running for US Senate nudist who met with Foley say they wanted him to stop harassing the camp now that state official said it was legal It's a fundamental freedom in this country makes such personal choices Surely Mason executive director of beaches foundations to the group that supports clothing for beaches Senate and statement Hey, I got this for a Mark Foley if you want to start investigating something a stick you know is a little bit deeper into the Catholic church the pre scandal since we've always cracked the tip of the iceberg If you want to find some real child molesters some real pedophiles Anyway Speaking of misfudge Let's see here's the fact this is what is a fag hang I really want to know Ha And there's serious obviously Yeah, they are what is a fag hang well a fag hang is a female a heterosexual woman who for some reason Has an affinity a an obsession for hanging out with male homosexuals you got it right first visit in high school as an Elizabeth Taylor and Michael Jackson as in Brook Shields and Michael Jackson and Is in Liza Manelli and Judy Garland any a gay man and That kind of thing as in my friend Lynn Samuels and Miss Fudge and the list is long. That's what a fag Higgas. I don't know where that expression came from. I don't know but just they run Fag hang I Where didn't amag That and so to have to be an old mag. Yeah Here's one it says I need to share with you what is probably a classic wrestling box experience since moving to Jersey Continuous new show work by the web thank god on Thursday Work let out early for the holiday in the car was slipping to the stations up here came across rush Ranting and raving about what is supposedly the new meaning of the words American and patriotism He was angered by the fact that some people are claiming that the qualifies in American or patriot one must speak out against the US government government policy As support for his spiel he played the off-year incentive delivery Clinton speech Professor that being a mercant means having the right to be free to speak out Of course he wasn't advocating that to be American one must exercise this right never lessens his speech was probably already discredited merely because it came across as shrill and Scree as screeching weeks ago It was logical to rush that it could be substantively the substantively discredited as well As his show as an opinion based it's his right and his listeners right to disagree with the views however He totally missed interpreted what he said and once he says it becomes gospel on his show and blindly followed by his listeners right as Rush spoke I found myself sitting in my car shouting no no at the radio knowing that his followers were not gonna get it If his listeners understood he showed to be sat there a comedy. I'd read these year keep up the work good work We go ahead and say this law. Thank you very much in Jersey. Okay. Why you listen to that crap all right? I've had that accident pressure to button on the dial there's rush. What the? And I immediately punch another button. I don't hang around cut it on the first bounce. Yeah. That's right. I mean why so dick yourself to that crap Because one thing you won't get any surprises on at show Like finding out the Karen and her Katherine Harris might be here's a lady in Cooper City. Hello I ain't gonna yell how are you pretty good. How you doing? I'm doing good. I have no idea why I think this woman It's a lesbian maybe just because she would marry to Tom Cruise. I'm sure it's okay And I think they were covering for each other, but Nicole Kidman just I don't know there's nothing about her just a little She's never linked with any men. She's a little butchy a little butchy something she's always When you see pictures of her with another woman who they say her friend So I don't know she's just vicious to me. Yeah, those pictures where they've got their tongues done each other's gross Always raise some questions in my mind Sometimes, you know, you just you just get rubbed the wrong way so to speak. Yeah I said stop a red fat a flag in my mind. Yeah, so that's my choice And I have a question for you. Why exactly on a DVD is it is an Easter egg? It's something we're out to post an all-bought. Oh, it's it's it's a it's a segment or it's a format of the movie You're watching that you can get only by doing certain little things that you never know about unless and if you go to that website E eggs.com E eggs.com and you look up under movies and then we'll have it like DVDs and click on the DVD And then I'll have a whole list now for medical order of movies not all of them of course, but I mean like a hundred of them and you go to the movie Like my mentor for example, do you ever see that? No, I actually just bought it for my father-in-law, so I have a second Okay, okay, tell the scrubber that the movie is backward in other words it's potentially made backward Well, there's a way there's an Easter egg on that if you click a certain thing and you watch Do whatever that you can see it in chronological order. Oh, see what I'm saying So in other movies on DVDs, it's not it won't change the order of the movie, but something funky Oh, yeah, sometimes you'll see like how takes like for example and Magnolia They showed some time cruise flooding his lines and they're them cracking up So yeah, some neat things like that That was that that was ordinary pedestrian non-computer geeks and that's the most of all about That's run it a no-folk. Yeah, exactly. Have a great day. Thanks, bye 26 past 11 at five 16 WCM. It's a great Tuesday July the 8th baby George will be here tomorrow and then I'll be back Thursday and then I'll be off again another vacation for four days See that's the way I'm looking at it now every week. I get a four day vacation. What's not to like How about that mad dog is he working Thursday? No, Friday? No, how about Hank is he gonna be on? No, no, man. They do they went right exactly We're on permanent vacation and that's the way you folks ought to try to do it By the way, I mentioned that while Kobe a bank see that's what I was gonna start to say before about Matt Fudge to put it on the top of his website That first union of my Kobe a bank sucks blows Something you ought to know about miss Fudge 27 after 11 at five 60 WCM here's something that really is good in your mouth Older your Matt soft-tills containing the finest olive oil that you ever could dream of not just your ordinary olive oil out of a bottle But super concentrated olive oil loaded with all kinds of good things for you Older you might in your mouth every day cannot produce the risk of all sorts of nasty things like heart disease and high cholesterol In fact, I bet your buddy if some was taken only a minute. He'd probably still be alive today. You know Plus there are 14 different Oliaments formulas and shoes from each one combining pharmaceutical great olive oil with vitamins minerals Rebels to support specific parts your health from your bones your blood pressure to your immune system All you have to do is pick out the formulas that are right for you and what you're trying to improve Now there are three new oleomid formulas. One to help you sleep What to help it control at disgusting unhealthy weight and suck you 10 for your heart pick up some oleomid today Why you're shopping at publicsekord's Walgreens whole food markets? Navarro Sedanos ordered online if you like at oleomidamerica.com If you want more info on her stupidest products you can call them toll free 1 866 oleomid that's 1 866 6536633 pick up some oleomid day and pop it in your post for better health This is sports video by 60 You way You way Hey go up those check-in pants Look at away Joni is so many up the list what a show Mr. Lector To save me a piece Turn on this supported you past my queries Still eating people right after you kill him Now eating me on a tiny rope The liquor Finger again He cleans the people taste just like chicken If you see him a little ball on the streets Better honor you I didn't need I've got to ask How do you eat things through that funky mask? Fill it look good You can't move your jaw The first cannibal to use a sill is your own lecture I wish I saw you pay a visit I'll do a chat with call Eat the clips and it's on your next break I'll see you I'll see you You're totally a zoom out the list look at that She's already got 26 votes We got 199 on there Which of these female celebrities do you most strongly believe is a Dike Hillary Clinton 105 Nobody's going to touch Hillary and who could blame him Jamie Lee Curtis 27 Jody fostered 26 She's out of her depression Jamie Lee like she's standing still We're on a carry 11 and a corner for the 11 Britney Spear 7 JLO's six Janet Jackson's race According to we were three in a cool kid And just popped up on the list She'll get some And some votes too Now it's been a Jody foster Other than Solicidal Lams And taxi driver can you name me one good movie she was ever in? Good movie She's been like in a thousand I'm thinking of going to the list Good one I don't name me one movie she was an Anemia, no those two were great Right But what's her big claim to fame other than that? She's always been there Yeah that's what's that Linda fame yeah She's no buddy, absent There's a guy that had stains all her baby Yeah but who had a bigger pair? He did Oh and speaking of that Miguel on the passion to start to get like breast all A certainly bigger than charities I just mentioned that for my passions people out there Miguel's got a big pair The only problem is there is breasts What's that all about? Is that what happens to guys who like work out a lot and then they stop doing it And then the the area where they You see what I'm saying? The muscle becomes relaxed It becomes saggy and a different like breast like a woman Come on Miguel, but you have a little bit sweetheart And get out from under that sink This is speaking of this fog It's a fudge filled Tuesday This is a good story from the fudge report from yesterday America's top spy catcher Paul Redmond is suddenly resigned in the middle of his Secret investigation in the House Adam Hussein and the sum of in line the Legally obtained US computers software The Sunday Express claimed this weekend The software said it would be able to two most wanted men in the world The reward capture because it can pinpoint every move in the global Manhand Redmond's departure last week was accepted without discussion by President Bush The man who would brought the spy catcher out of retirement to connect the investigation Are you ready for that? Yeah, I'm so kidding Our s after Redmond declared his desk Bush ordered a GBP $25 million bounty on Saddam's head He wants Saddam dead to rely on the same goes for bin Laden already Bush's agreed to Either man for going to trial and being shot after interrogation The official reason given for Redmond's abrupt departure was health reasons But stun colleagues in the homeland secuted Department of Washington Where Redmond had his office insist the former associate director of the CI was in perfect health Is the departure is led to intense speculation That he may have begun to uncover embarrassing details about the software Came into the hands of Saddam and bin Laden Let me read that first sentence again America's top spy catcher Paul Redmond is suddenly residing in the middle of a secret investigation Into how Saddam and Osama allegedly obtained US computer software Which is said to enable the two most wanted men in the world to avoid capture Because it can pinpoint every move in the global manhand It kind of like a scene from born identity Where they were like pinpointing I mean it's a pretty neat movie I think you'd enjoy it. It's on the list Where they can watch every street in the world They can bring it up on a computer and they can see who's on a street and they can zero in And they can zoom in your turlet and you're into your echo It's amazing Pretty damn good stuff And of course probably that's the way to win anyway It's probably coming if you ask me In fact, I want to swore and I saw Jim Bush and my balcony about a half an hour ago Bits you me out about that Katherine Harris story Too bad, Jim too bad it's not true. Wouldn't that have been a scandal huh? Oh yeah wouldn't that have been something So whoever created that funny story in there and that nice job because that he put all the pieces together very nicely What do you hear what I'm hearing? What do you hear? Oh maybe that's outside. I don't know. Maybe they're like drilling or whirling I hear like so because everything is so nice and quiet You know? Beautiful day by the way. It's 80 going to be like good. It's going to be 80. It's going to be more than that But it's beautiful sunny not a climb to sky. I just mentioned that in passing. How's the weather in south Florida? Beater boy? Actually this is the first day in like 20 that has a rate. All right. Oh right. Not even noon yet. Okay. It's not even noon. It's not time yet for those big cumulus clouds to start forming Over the Everglades and then sweeping across the state Here's a call from this is amazing. It's not even noon yet. We've already got our second lady of the day in Boiton Beach. Hello. Hi there. How are you? Good. I'm going to go out. How are you? Pretty good. Good. Kind of couple for you. But these might be obvious. Several times. Don't even know what a bag bag is. Oh yeah. There's so much love. There's so much love. You know, even if you didn't know the name. Right. You know what? Anyway, Helen Hunt of course. Right. You know, Helen Hunt? Sure. Absolutely. Okay. Her ex-beard tank is area. You know Linda Evans and Yank and Yani, right? Linda Evans is a dyke. Yeah. Absolutely. Come on. Absolutely. Inside and so. Okay. How about? Yeah. So. You're going to plan it out or get those on your on your from their website. No. No. No. No. No. No. Okay. My dike sister. For it's in to me. My Tyson. Hates is my mom left him. Hey, swimming. My Tyson is a dyke. This little. I'd be. And Janet Jackson might be a bag. I don't know. And you're a congenent Michael together. Oh, yeah. She's got five votes already. Jen, excuse me. I don't know. Yeah. But she might be Michael. I don't know. We can't say men. We can't. No, we've already done that a million times. We even said if you want to, but we've done that. You know, been there and done that. All right. Anybody we might not suspect? I don't know. I think Helen Hunt's pretty obvious if you know, but that might be a revelation to some people. Maybe Miss Fudge of him put it on her website. I think I might. Right next to Katherine Harris. Have a great day. Sweetheart. Hey, what covia enjoy your vacation. Oh, you said the right things. Thanks. Bye. What covia bank blows. Okay. In case anybody has no, if you're thinking about opening a new account, southward, did not go to first union, what covia, okay, under peddly adept, they suck. They will terrorize you. They'll destroy your day. You're weak. Your life. And certainly your holiday weekend. God. How'd you like to be a big shot like me and make the kind of money that I'm. Well, see. Because you're going to say, yeah. Okay. But let me just finish and go to your ATM. Not that I would. Brand short of cash. Thank goodness. Because I, you know, me. I'm like a walk in bank. I got a few hundred American. I got a few hundred euros. In my sack. I've already got some. A spirit that I could always get through the change place. But the point being you go to your ATM is like a routine with me. You know, when you get the best exchange rate by getting it out of the ATM, you stick your card in there and it goes. And you're like the little man inside the machine. I'm like, who are you can, man? Your, your financial institution says you ought to be institutionalized because you don't have got no cash. Well, let me tell you, it's worse when you're not a big shot when you still have a lot of money. When you don't have a lot of money, when you don't have a big, a lot of a lot of money to fall back on a road wall. Right. That's even worse. That's right. And you're very, very careful to make sure that you don't make any mistakes. And still. And which bank is that? And you know something. And you know something. And it's cool. I haven't had anybody call in a day recommend to me a bank, which I was hoping would happen. I would give me some, some friendly personal service and not keep putting a hold on my deposit. Well, I didn't watch him to mutual. That's for sure. They suck. Yes. Hard. Oh, God. And of course, like I said, the people are working banks. I used to think, oh, you know, Tom Jones. He's a, he's a bank vice president. Everybody's a bank vice president. They're making about 15 grand a year as what that means. So nice title. But that means they're a flunky. Oh, to lime us those days of friendly family bank and Matt Corshop. And my good friends, I knew everybody in there. They knew me. There was never a chance that they were going to screw up my account ever. Not a chance. With these people if they get it right, it's a freaking miracle. You, you, you kiss the ground. You start rubbing your rosary beads. You rub it real hard. If they ever get your goddamn deposit right at first, you need to walk Kobe. A man is suck. You people make me sick. I should sue their ass. You know what? Just for the stress factor. Okay. Is that a God. I'm showing Fox the stress factor. Yeah, let's all sue their ass. And evidently, I wasn't the only one because the long July fourth holiday weekend. You know, they had extra opportunity to screw up people's accounts when it We're desperately hoping to get some cash. Oh, well, it's in our policy. If you read the fine print. They send it. These little brochures that everybody smith cans and throws in a waste basket. You know, a little a message from your bank. You know, from first unit and the print is so small. You couldn't read it with a magnifying glass. Neashmith can't even throw it away. You see, it's nothing. And then there may be maybe they said, well, our new policy is, you know, if we don't like the way you look or it's not the right there. We're too busy. We can't be bothered. Not put in a hole on your deposit. Even if you're the biggest deposit in our bank. Let me say again, you people suck. You make me nauseous. Don't do it again. Okay. Do not do it again. Now, again, not the new deal is every time I make it a deposit. I got a send John in there to the bank. If I'm not in town, which is most of the time, I got to send the somebody in there with the deposit and handed to this broad who's sitting at the desk. And she scribbles a little thing on air like, you know, like a little, like a little like a hex. She puts some kind of Jamaican hex on me when she sends him back to the garden. Yeah, that's it. To the teller. Teller what? Tellers that she's full of crap. 18 till noon at five, 60, WQM for the next two weeks. It's a special holiday deal. Let's see for the next week. We did last week from our friends at Balance for Life. It's the best deal I've ever offered. And now did we ever find out if the beast is doing his black sack or not? No. No, he's not. No, we got by. Well, let's get with a trial. Okay, you're a good guy to rest. Bradford. I hope you're back straight and out for you. But let's get some information here. Because we got a specialty of 10% off when you say you heard about Balance for Life on the New Rogers show, but you got to do it this week. Balance for Life is an easy and delicious, a smart way to lose weight because it takes all these figuring out of your hands in your head. No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no calorie counting, no cover. Hard rate counting, no sitting down and figuring out all kinds of like that. We're doing that awful movie. Beautiful mind, you know. He kept writing all those formulas under window and all the, and they don't have to do any of that crap because they do all of that for you. In fact, they probably are using what's his name. They're using the guy from the movie. Do it. When you think, okay, that movie is so boring. Oh, God, it's awful. Anyway, did you ever write your door from Balance for Life a Little Black Sack? And there's the food you need for the entire day every day. By six o'clock in the morning, it's waiting for you right at your door. Three delicious fresh gourmet meals, no chemicals, nothing prefabricated. Delicious food and two great snacks. If you're sick, it'll keep you full all day long. And the only choices you have to worry about making are between two alternatives on the menu for each meal every day that you're on the program. And you're allowed to menu once a week. And whatever you like, there's the food right there for you. So if you're sick and tired to be in fat, out of shape, a third you if you're diabetic or on the verge, believe me, it's not a happy way to go. Let Balance for Life help you lose that way once and for all. Don't forget this week. You can say when I'm sure 10% when you heard about it here on the New Yorker show. Call 9 5 4 5 6 8 30 2 29 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 or check out their website balance for life dot com. 5 6 5 6 30 30 30 30 The butt I smell it. Well congratulations, get a life. I've arrived. By the way, so I've been given it some go out. How many tickets? I know that me and you can do much better go with six to ten and on and five. A gentleman, a cranky tool. I think we might be happy to get there. I think you really got out of your mind. You gotta have your way we bed. Stand on to sign. No chance I'll always show it to you. And I'd rather die. We'd be crappy to get there. Why all help you so tired of a thing? I'll be true from Brooklyn High. I've been driven by everybody but you. You're not high, honey. Me and all this crap would blow. No way that if we had a fight that you'd survive. Would wanna hear a genocile. And push it tight. That's rapidly to get there. I'm going towards the door. I'm going towards the door. I'm going towards the door. I'm going towards the door. I'm going towards the door. I'm going towards the door. And show what you and me. For me, is much better to six to ten and not five. It's only right that I should get worse leave the night. I think we might. Be happy to give thees. When winter starts, happy to get warmer What only they need me. How important what what what what what, What what what what what. What what what What what what what, What what what what what.... What what what what what What what, a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of I'm 50-10 to 0-5-60, have any come boy though. Dikes are just pouring across my thing here. Yeah? Or at least rumored to be. Joni Foster's on your Alex and Daisy Fuentes. Did we already come across there or not? I don't know, but now that they mention it. Daisy Fuentes, let's get her on right away, okay? Here's what it says. And colder than I'll see, but it's seconds here. You'll get her on her right away. They'll get Miss Fudge all with her too, frenzy. They'll be on a phone. Pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, Get her on there. Can't stand that bitch. Joni and Graffalo. I put the stars around that. Okay. And Kathy Beton says, yeah? She looks pretty much, you know, I'll say to that. Get them all on there. Here's a whole list. Whitney Houston, absolutely. Christy McNickle, widely rumored. Remember those days? You think anybody knows who that is anymore? Oh yeah. Oh, that's too easy. Go ahead. She's not out of the closet. Don't you understand that, like, Joni Foster isn't easy? She, oh yeah. I hear she's really easy. Melissa Rivers. Kathy Levine, who's a product hostess on a QBC, the Shopping Channel. I don't think so. Child star from Rosanne, Sarah Gilbert. Gilbert? Downtown Julie Brown. Elizabeth Xu. What happened to West's name, Shuo? What about him? And his brother, Shu Fly Pie? First member Andrew Xu, he was almost at Shomell Rose Place. Okay. Elizabeth Xu, I'm just reading the list. Shadei. Am I saying that right? Sure. Close enough. What is it? Shadei. Shadei. SADE is Shadei. Hey, don't argue with me. I see. I got them to do with that. And anyone who will marry Tom Cruzett says, I think that's the nice one. It's nice. It's nice. Here's one that says Nicole Kidman's best friend is Naomi Watts, who did those delicious Lesbos scenes in Mahalhandra, remember those well. They've been best friends in high school in Australia. By the way, did you look in order to get free? And what about the scene inborn identity when Matt is washing that girl's hair and he takes his shirt off? Oh my god, those biceps, it says, and you are. I'm so lonely correct. Are you really pushed him up for that movie, man? He looked really, really good, especially for him. Mac Damon, I just mentioned that in passing. I think that's a good movie. Even audio heteros out there will enjoy born identity. Here's one, Mike and Cooper City saw a great movie. The day I'm video tape, the pawn broker with the director of the city, Lomet and the Rod Stiger. Well, first of all, Rod Stiger was great. He's dead. He was great. He died not that long ago. They're all done. And it says, please, what does your book say about it? Which one? My big book. I thought you had a dog. The dog, the dog bone book. Oh, that dog book. The pawn broker, three and a half out of four bones. 1965, a Jewish pawn broker in Harlem is hunted by his growing experiences, Nazi camptering the Holocaust. Powerful and well done, probably staggered best performance adapted from an aval by Edward Lewis Wong. I've seen it several times. It's outstanding. Do we also the first time I saw catch twenty two, the most important scene to be cut out. It's to be pretty memory that Adam Markin has that explains the motive for all assassins. I didn't understand it. I'm not in the sense you're a version. It made your giveaway hint. This involvement. What the fuck are you talking about? It says, it makes me wonder what other good movies we haven't seen can't get because they've been banned or whose meaning has been changed through censorship. Good point, Michael Cooper's that he so buy your DVDs that blackbuster whatever you do. At slack, busted. They suck. Not as bad as what Kobe a bank. Here's a lady in coconut creek, hello. Hi Neil, how you doing? Pretty good, how you? Good, happy summer to you. And back we. I don't want you to add to the list kind of older but Barbara Walters. Barbara Walters, you think is a dyke? Well, doesn't everybody. I don't. I'll be I see the I never, I never thought of her in any kind of a sexual way. She looks feeling like her. Oh. But she's just been around forever and I've always wondered about her a little bit. She seems like one interview, the women a little too close or something. I don't know what it is. Yeah, I'm not sure she's on that view show and then she start that show. Yeah, I think that's all. Let's be exactly. But I don't want to, you know, I don't know their name. So I don't want to. The view from the edge of the dyke. That's probably that would be a better name for it. You should have your own TV show. Oh, yeah. Not that I have a favorite one. I know. I know. It's been Friday from 10 to 2. Right. Right. Also, that poll you to the other day about the best. Well, the actor you would not go see in a movie. How about a poll for what movie you would go see? So it's because of actors in it or an actress or a movie. Well, that's a good idea for this day. It's like draw you to a movie. That's an excellent idea for Thursday, like I said. Personally, if you were going to go see a movie just because of an actor, it would have been. Oh. Oh. That's very tough. I don't know. I may be a mad Damon now. Yeah. Well, he's been down in the house. I'm going to go rent the foreign identity because of you. That's very good. You like it. Okay. Well, very unusual also. Okay. Well, he's got quite the upper body, that's for sure. Yeah. He sure does. And this will be out of that. In fact, I think it might be a stump body. It just makes me sick to know that Ben's probably the only one that's getting his hands on. Yeah. Yeah. It's too fair. You know, who cares? I do. I do. Yeah. I do too. Yeah. I do. I do. Okay. Well, thank you. Have a great day. Yeah. Have a great summer. You too. Bye. They're all got the house romantic Damon owl of us. So, not even like that. Even Vener Boy said he looks pretty good these days. I'll speak of that. You know what's the salad he is today after again, having more problems this morning? That we don't know what they are. Yeah. Really son. Yeah. Keep in mind speaking of Vener Boy and a hot couple's contest. test that we've only got this week and then the starting next Monday that's a deadline. We sure is how better get the ball rolling here. And I want more couple yesterday that I saw that that they were fine. That was good. But I mean, we we have what we got to a three like three maybe four. Well, we got to get with it. You only got this week to email to contest at neo-ranges.com. Email will picture yourselves. And we got those three nifty prices to give away trip to the Bahamas trip to Jamaica or the dinner for two of the pizza office to the price. And the deadline is next Monday July 14. And then the pictures will be up there on the website for a whole week. And the winner is on the 10 o'clock on July 21st, that morning. I'm Monday, which you get to a deal with. I'll deal it. But that's a deal, okay. So let's get those pictures coming in because we want to go to your forso far. So you've got a good shot and maybe win it. 11. 57 at five 60 WQ. If you called the Alamacrosy at a 1 800 ma. I can't imagine what you're waiting for. If your old ma. Chris is lumpy and worn out. Because if you want the best brands at discount prices every day without any the hassles of showroom shopping, then do what I always do call 1 800 ma. Today, these people are got delivery down to a science. You get to choose the date and time of the schedule. You get to two hour windows. You're not sitting home wasting a whole day and they show up on time. By the way, if they say noon and two, they'll be there noon and two. If they say one or three and you get it. And out of ma. Chris delivers evenings, weekends and holidays whenever it's most convenient for you. Maybe you're thinking about one of those Swedish format. Chris is that you see in the specialty stores. Well, out of ma. Chris carries temper, Peter, as well. Plus all the big names you know and love. Sir, the Simmons King Corlan, Culey and all at discount low everyday prices too. So I have in the biggest mattress store in the country. Just an easy phone call away recently. The lovely but confused Miguel called 1 800 ma. Chris got a great new mattress from the folks at dialometris. He says nothing could have an easier was a piece of cake. They showed up right on time. They set up the new mattress to got the the crappy old stain bedding everything under the sun. So in a way, another minute pick up the phone right now and call toll free 1 800 ma. 1 800 ma T. The easy the smart way to get you a great night sleep for months and years to come. Max, we'll let's ban. All right. The 28th one going to set my screen going set my screen on fire. We're the whole lot of people. The redder screen tried to prove they're not real tired. But this year my very only story. Or prove she can sing as good as her daddy. She loves a lot of song put away on me. Lisa and Vegas. Lisa and Vegas. I know there are lots of other gals who are gone. We're the whole way and sing. But let's face folks. There's only one who knows how to sneer like the king. Or some real big divas on VH1. But almost all of their careers are done. So please watch my daughter because I got no song. Watch Lisa and Vegas. Lisa and Vegas. Lisa and Lisa and Vegas. That's a good 506 to you. How could we have forgotten Lisa and Maria? Thank you very much, Cynthia and Miami. Who says Lisa and Maria, please? I hope we've forgotten that. I don't know how to say that. What a bad oversight that was, huh? You know what? Always sense you sit for me. Scientology. Oh yeah. I'm just mentioning that in passing. Nothing necessarily connecting them there. Right. 314 votes on our Dijkpool. Which of these female celebrities you most strongly believe is a Dijk. Hillary Clinton 145, Hillary's an elite of her own man. She's way way out there in front and nobody's going to catch her ugly ass. Tony Foster, those given her a run, she's got 73 and that's how Tony. That's everybody else like it. We stand in still. Well, it's our fault. We should. Well, it's probably a good thing we didn't put her right in the beginning. To be right on the hell with his ass. Jamie Lee Curtis 36, you know that she's Tony Curtis's daughter. You do know that. Yes, I do. Bernie Schwartz. You know what he likes. Mariah Carey's got 12. Anna Cornoholia 11. J. L. O. Nine. Segorni weaver nine. Brittany Spears got eight. I can't tell you by whom. Janet Jansson eight and the cool Kevin's got a pair. Probably bigger than Tom Cruises. Anyway, this story about Jim Bush and Ernie Eves. If you only knew what a smuck or an Eves was. You'd realize this is a match made in purgatory. A match made in Moosteraw. God, what a couple of assholes. So here's this big, low and picture. They're both smiling and laughing. Jim Bush up here. Thank God he's out of here today. Bye, my Jim. Have a safe trip home. You asshole. And the story says that the headline. The headline says Canada and US so close. They look alike. Jim Bush says. The striking similarities between Canada and the US. Overshadow and the disagreements between the government and the two countries. Jim Bush, the governor of Florida said yesterday. In fact, there's little to identify Canada's a foreign country. Investing Americans, Mr. Bush said. On his first trade in tourism promotion mission to Canada. This this this paragraph here ended in Toronto. Didn't have to go through customs. I wouldn't know. I was in a foreign country. He said, Mr. Bush, the brother of US President George W. Bush. Many Canadians have the same feeling if they flew into one of our cities. I told you this story a long time ago. But how when I was a little kid in the first time, I thought we got to slept over to Niagara Falls and crossed over from Niagara Falls in the York in an Niagara Falls Ontario. And once we crossed the border and went into Canada, I kept wondering, where is all the snow? Of course, it was the middle of the summertime. Right. And I was like a little tiny kid. Where's all the snow? Many Canadians have the same feelings that they flew into one of our cities. Hey, look at that. There's some big buildings and there's some cars. There's some roads and there's a store. And here's another McDonald's. What an asshole man. And then there's a whole big spread on this story. Toronto versus Miami. Now, see, they narrow it down. Miami meaning date county to the Toronto City is opposed to the GTA, the Metro Population because Metro Toronto is five million people. But anyway, date county, they got two million children, 12,000. Toronto, two million, four million, eight thousand. So they're trying to make a similarity there. Hispanic population, Miami 57.3% Toronto 9.3%. Black population, Miami 19% Toronto just 8.3%. All right. Fullyage, Miami palm trees, Toronto fir trees. Architectural flourish, Miami art deco, Toronto pool in the condo. Typical TV character, Miami's sunny crocket and Miami vise, Toronto, Joey, Jeremiah and the grassy junior high. Recreational drug, Miami cocaine, Toronto Starbucks. Election debacle, Miami hanging chaired Toronto running Drag queens. Most common former transportation Toronto TTC that's a subway, Miami roller blades. Most famous Latino visitor, Toronto Ricky Martin, Miami, Ilian Gonzalez. Waterfront creatures, most threatened by urban development, Toronto Tensity residents, Miami manatees. Tolest building. Here's one that made my blood boil when I saw it. Do you know what the Tolest building in Miami is? I thought it was that one that looks like a staircase. It's the Wacobia Financial Center 55 stories. I got some stories for the people of Wacobia. More than 55. At least just this weekend. Not third man. Lots of stories 55 stories Toronto to see in Tower 181 stories. Of course these days you don't want to have too many big buildings. Gay rights Toronto marriages been legalized. Miami to legal for a man to wear any kind of strapless gown. And it goes on. Pretty interesting stuff because you know he landed at the airport. If they wouldn't have put them through customs and said, boilers that asshole got a flora. He would have thought he was like anywhere in the US like Toledo. For our dicholist, here's one that says, How about King O' Queen Latifa? Queen Latifa. I honestly think her package is bigger than mine. Well I'm sure it's bigger than mine. Which ain't same much. Queen Latifa, let's get that big nasty bitch on there right away. Did we ever get Whitney Houston on there? Did we? Yeah, she didn't have any votes yet. Or look at that. There's a whole bunch of them that just went on there. Look at that. That's excellent. Nice going Eric. Although a little bit slow that's venerable is followed. I'm sure. Well that's because venerable is busy putting all those bedtime stories on there right? Yes sir. Yeah. Because he showed up about a minute to 10 today. Not late, not late, but a minute to 10 because he had issues. You know this is a man's always got issues. 560, 50560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Ever since parents attacked him last week in the hallway, he's just never been a same again. Here's Carl Gables. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Yes, Woody Graber. How you doing? No, Woody Graber again. She's this. What are you becoming like chronic? Well, we were talking about things. And I got to tell you about my bag. Like I said, it's your great here from Woody Graber today. It's exceptional. Melan United National Bank. Smellin? Melan. Melan. And I got to tell you one of the managers I deal with is a big nearly. Oh, thank God. But before the hell am I going to find one of those by me? I'm not. They are there in Broward and in Jay. I know. I mean, they're, they're national. They're around the country. Really? Yeah. But they can probably set up anything you want because your, your check comes from there, right? Right. From down here. So they can come up. I'll be glad to give you a name and number off the air. If you want. You have no idea how great there would be. The minute that I set my foot back on Florida, Soreland a few weeks. I, that's the first thing I'm going to do is switch banks. I got to tell you, Melan has sent over backwards for me. They have been so wonderful. I mean, you know, Um, yeah, I just a poor, schlepper off the street for saying how. Now, I'm way, let me ask you this. That Melan Bank. That's not connected with the Pittsburgh family. Like Richard Melan's scape and would that, that outfit is it? I don't know quite honestly. Because I have a feeling if I put my money in that bank, I might like vanish overnight. You know, I might like an accident. There's a tag that left the wing pink or a tag. Yeah, they might do not like me too much. No, this guy, these guys are great. They're just wonderful. And I got to tell you, like I said, one of the branch managers, Greg, got to deal with, he just like he says, Well, I'll tell you what, I'll put you on hold and be in your boy can take his name and he info and that would be great. I'd really appreciate it because I like to find a bank where they give me a little bit of service just to look. I'm not asking for a lot. Just don't put a hold and scrub might of pauses. That's all. They would never scrub your deposits. They'd never screw you up one of mine. Excellent. Yeah. Definitely. Okay. Hang on, Woody. Thanks a lot. Appreciate it. All right. No problem. Take care. Okay. Take care of my good close personal friend. Woody, Greg, we're online one there. Bein' or boy. I like I said, I've always led to hear from Woody. He's never said when I heard his voice all the time. Yeah. But do I guess who I heard yesterday on the racing channel? How's he doing? He's doing good. Call on the races from Colorado Race Course. 321 votes on the pool. Which of these female celebrities do most strongly believe he's a die? Hillary Clinton 153. Jodie Foster 89. Jimmy Lee Curtis 37. Mariah Carey is really a scary 13 with a one-large breast. And according to Horia 13, Jelo 11. Jelo's only got 11 votes. Come on people. Come on. Jesus Christ. So, according to we were 10, Britney Spears 9. Janet Jackson 8, Nicole Komen 3, Jennings, Rafflow 2. Helen Hunts already got one. And that big nasty bitch Ann Colter's got one. Now doesn't she also live in down there on the beach or somewhere in South Florida now? She hangs out on here line. She hangs out down there. I think she lives there now too. Probably hang it out with the Miss Pudge right now. They're probably sitting there rolling around to carpeting together. Why not? Opposites are the room. Okay. Thanks. 560505060, pound 560 on a AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Don't forget it's a big day on QM. Marlins at the Cubs. Pregame show 145. Oh, right. So we need like a little 50 minute repeat today because they said, you know, the guy in the old man is on that summer schedule. Let's not overwork him right out of the box. You know, 3 hours 45 minutes has plenty. And then tomorrow because George is always with that monkey sea monkey, doodial. Another Marlin Cup game at 145 pregame. So you're going to like that with that idea. And being Wednesday that means that George is going to play the comedy but it's out from 1245 to 145. Thanks to my, uh, getting him smart. Where's for a lot of day? Hello. Yeah. I'm here. How are you doing? Hey, I got two bad hacks for you. Okay. About Jim and Reno and will be Goldberg. Yeah. Okay. And another movie that you've put on with the ultimate bad hat, and Joe Fossard's now. The movie now. Now I never heard of it. Now, now. A bit. This is kind of girl screw up into what's all. Okay. The movie I have for you is boom doc Saints. Yeah. Boom doc Saints. Boom doc Saints. Boom doc Saints. Yeah. Saints Saints. Yes. Okay. Thanks a lot. I have no idea what he said. Now what did you say minute ago? There's a bit called one fell. And the name of the movie was now. Oh, no. No. I couldn't understand. He was talking in some of the language. I don't know. He was speaking in a Greek. So I guess we'll have to play that right, Phil. We ought or not in here. Oh, come on. Not in here. After I put 80 billion bits into this DCS over the way. It's not a thing. You know what? That might even be a rock comedy. Yeah. I don't know. Anyway, we don't got it. 1213 at 560 WQAM. Jody Foster highly overrated. That's all I want to tell you right now. Not in too many good movies. A thousand mediocre movies. Not too many good ones. She's not good. She's not good. No. Didn't you like was it? Dr. Leiter. No. I think affected us. Right. Exactly. Which is probably one of the day said it was money. But there may have been somebody to say, you know what? Why bring that bitch back anyway? Dr. Leiter. Dr. Leiter. He was awful. No, what did he want to kill that? He wanted to kill that slut. In fact, and that was the one part of the movie when I was definitely rooting for him. Clarice. Clarice. 1214 at 560 WQAM as we went our way up through the Big Marlin Cup. Game of God, Darnell on them on. That's what Beter Boy tells me. And that was you said Darnell will us pitch into the day. Come on. Seriously. Learn into felwood. Don't know. You know, when your hair is all fall out and clumps and leaves that big shiny balls. But who was I watching the other day on TV? Somebody had like a who the hell was it? I mean, I was shiny. Ball spun. I wanted to like wax your ball spun. Remember the paint the balls. But they wanted this guy waxed it. Will it sky? No. I never see what it's got because I don't want to show. Who the hell was it? Was some actor with a really just shiny. Like, man, you could see the reflection of a millimage. He could have been like a lighthouse. And that's what happens a lot of guys. But I'm curious. The guys like professional people who are like actors and things like that. They like shine it. They wax it. There's a special wax. Seriously? Nope. Oh. Anyway, yeah, Paul's podcast wax. But if you're got one of those guys, millions and millions of people out there just desperate to get some of that hair back and look younger and better. Because when you start losing the hair, you start looking a lot older. And nobody except those really old farts once the look old. Well, Charles out here, it continues to offer you the most amazing natural hair line on your screen. You'll find anywhere because it looks like real hair. Not like an animal dot in your head. And right now, some even better news for you. Charles out here is offering his summer special hair system. Not only 549 bucks for first time customers. If you already have a hair system, you can save yourself 50% on surface and repair all types of systems, including shampoo and trim usually wide away. Otherwise, just drop it off there and he'll have a good time with it. Charles out here is guaranteed to use this. You travel out of his hair systems for 30 days. If you don't love the way it looks and feels, if you're not getting more action, then your private scan handle, return it for a full refund of questions asked. So not to lay, call Charles, they'd be sure to tell me the old daughter to call and look younger and better than you ever thought you could look again with his natural hair line system. It's toll free, it's 1-800-321-2413. 1-800-321-2413, or check Charlie out on the web at CharlesLphiri.com. You don't want to forget to do? Yeah, I do. I've 12 o'clock, no, you don't. I said it. Hmm, this is Dick Kenny. I like to relax by having Mary Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers for the one hour. Hey, is that what you would think about? It's I was. See, I did it. Audiences love now. The story of a girl who developed her own strange language, well being raised by a stoking paired mother. Now, Jodie Foster returns to the screen as a girl raised by a deaf mute epileptic, who has learned to communicate by making unintelligible noises and hurling herself to the ground. Look, Doctor, I think the girl is trying to communicate with us. Oh, you're hungry. You're sleepy. You want to lie down. I'm hungry. You want to lie down repeatedly. Watch as this free spirit its strong will to girl, and she's going to express joy. Anger. Rrrr. Curiosity. Rrrr. Even love. Jodie Foster stars in fell. They're running away, hit, that as audience is falling out of their seats. So, it's a real picnic. Okay, we must have another handgun story. It's his checkout scene and is your cable still out? No, it's there now. But, yeah, we're having a familiar with Meridian. He's joining us now on the phone, Mr. Mayor. I'm sorry to have to report this horrible story. Tell us what you know about the specific details. This morning, sometimes, on a Friday, at the scene, and, oh, this is not confirming the exact numbers, but we have multiple depth of the injuries. The scene has been secure for some time now. We've been on the scene for about an hour. The employees are in the facility and it's been administered to team of clergy. This assembled here on the site where the family members have come in out of being assembled across the highway where they're also being seen to be members of the clergy. Obviously, unspeakable tragedy here on town. Any word, Mr. Mayor, on a possible motive? No word at this point. Do you know the identity of the shooter? The identity of the shooter is known. We're not releasing that at this time. He killed himself. I'm going to now notify affected family members first before. There you go. Shooting at a plant in Meridian, Mississippi, and a gunman, Kim Shod himself. There's more dead people in America with guns. So anyway. Yes. Where'd you find that bit? Hey, listen, I got my cramped together here. I understand. It's on the best in the 1995. The one we don't have here. Well, the one I got in my hand right now. The other one. I got it. I played it fell. Rimes with no and smell and pel mel. Smoking if you got him. So anyway, here's thanks very much for tipping me off on it. Where's that stand again on the murders in 2001? City of Miami and City of Toronto, not my toy areas. But we're no actually date counting. But the same population. Two points you may end 2.480 effects of Toronto is the higher. Murders in 2001, Miami, 204, Toronto 59. Got that? Got it sounds like a little more than 4 to 1 to me. Let me just give you one reason why there's more people getting murdered in a Miami than in Toronto. That's it. You've got the answer. What is more people getting murdered in Detroit than Ottawa? Yeah. Here's the fact this is great mad Damon movie. The movie Rounders about high stakes poker. Would John Malkovitch, John Tuturo, Martin Landau, Edward Norton, and Gretchen Mall. You seen Rounders? Nope. Not bad. Not bad. Not bad at all. Like Matt Damon, why? Oh yeah, you like Matt Damon. Yeah, well I do. He's good. And he can act pretty good too. What's the other movie I saw this week and that I haven't seen in the Zidine years that you liked a lot? War the world for 1953. Oh yeah. Actually it was on one of my driving movie channel or whatever. The former ball and it was on there again. They shot that one. They yeah, the preacher walks up and he's got the the Bible and he's got the cross and it but it would be better. The shuttle. That was in him. What's he him, no, Mo. Here's one of his put Miss Elliott on your list. He's been more chicks than a mother bird to chuck in my who knows Miss Elliott. Miss Elliott. Missy. Miss the meaner Elliott. He's that. That black red lady. I don't know. Missy Elliott. Is that her name? Yeah. Well get a ride chuck in my name but thank you. Get around the list. Missy and whatever name is Missy. Here's the facts from Sergio again who says don't do it in the amelun back is the same Richard melons. I'm not I'm not going to bank there. Thanks anyway. Woody. Not going to do it. I mean you have to have some principles in life right? Who would be like like you going out and shopping at Walmart today. Never happened. Isn't it happen? And there's no chance in my banking. I, I, I, nothing against the guy that's over there. I wish him all the luck in the world. I'm glad he enjoys the show and I hope he doesn't take it personal. I will not do business with any institution connected with the melon family from Pittsburgh. Go care. Will the Richard melons get the answer to us? No. Or Florida, sir. Just right. Yeah. Just one of those things like I said you have to have a few principles. I mean, if he was the only bank in the world, then he had no choice. I'm still thinking bank Atlantic is what I'm hearing is really good. I just hit you facts on them. That's my bank. Oh, well, don't be mention in my name in here with your dead be to count. Oh, you know that little beiner boy. Oh, well, I'm sorry, Mr. Rogers, but we can't, we were afraid we're like up to our limit. That means you'll be happy to cover his overdrafts. What, yeah. Right. We'll just draw them from your account. Hmm. But they do give really good personal service. But bank Atlantic. Yeah. What do you want to know? I'm sure you're in or like every other day. If they haven't thrown me out yet. Then that's that's the thing. If they haven't thrown me out yet. Then that's a good point. If they haven't thrown your sorry ass out of there yet. Four hundred and four votes on a poll. Sorry day, don't have any Elizabeth's shoe. Don't have any. Downtown Julie Brown don't have any. Melissa Rivers don't have one. Linda Evans no penis. Daisy, faint. These none. Helen Hanscott one. So I've heard. Yeah. Does it rhyme with Hunt? Whitney Houston's got two. Nicole Kidman the Shree. Chris the McNichol for Kathy Bates five Janet Jackson age and E.G. Rafflow nine. I'm going from the bottom of Anchor's 10. Nice going in. You skanky bitch. We hate your life poison. Brittany Spurson's the Grinding Weaver each have 11. J. L. 12. Mariah Carey 13. And a corner for you 14. Jamie Lee Curtis 37. Now they those are all pretenders. Okay. The real contenders. Jodie Foster 105 and swittler. Clinton 158. I think Jodie's going to give her one for the money before it's over. You know. I think so. I could be making a premature evaluation. Gortscore. I think that Jodie is going to give Hillary a run for it. She might just get close up on her ass. What did the disgusting thought that is? I mean, is there any guy out there, any head of her, sir? Any guy of any persuasion that would like to see Jodie Foster in some kind of a sexual encounter with anything? No. I don't think so. What's upon a time 100 years ago? What? She was a cute dog. Yeah. Yeah. Your Jodie Foster was cute. Put the makeup on her. Lipstick. I saw as that opium was supposed to do it. I was fishing around for him. Trainspot and that was really cute too until he stuck it up his rectum. Come on. Jodie Foster was cute. She's cute. God. Okay. She's got a man crazy about her. Let's, you know, she'll do. She'll do it. But she would do it. Not you. That may not. I got the wrong equipment. She probably do screw in. Hardbie. Long line. Wait. Not that one honey. I got a number. 27. In fact, how many people do you think are standing online right now? About 30 man. If you're in a dead end job, if you're moving your feet, but you're going nowhere fast. Maybe college is too expensive. It just takes too long. You don't have all those years to wait. But if you can afford $10 a month to commit yourself to three nights a week for four months, our friends at fast drink and upheaval, a brand new high-paying computer career. You heard right, just 10 bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for people who qualify. Call fast train today. Get out of your dead end. Get out of that rut. Call 1-866 fast train. With four locations all over town. And if it's matter-factor in four Lutterdale, Pemberpinds, Miami and Kendall, there's about to be one nearby you. So, call our good pizons at fast train. Think it yourself. The training you need to get a real computer job. Get out of your dead end. Call 1-866 fast train. You'll talk to a train career counselor. They're up here. Day evening weekend schedules. Dog placement hands on training. Pick up that instrument right now and call fast train. To give you all the information with no obligation. Call 866 fast train. Fast trains deferred payment is valid for a year. We're going to pay them to apply the reactor. Whether you're a high school student on summer break. Somebody an underpaid dead end job working for peanuts. Or just look into when Chris your net worth call fast train. If you want the most important calls that could change your life, you'll ever make. Call 1-866 fast train. Or check them on on the web if you like it. Fast train.com. Rye and local. We're sports radio 560's you and you a AM. Very good. A following is a paid public service announcement from the International Rightful Association. Let's face. Most of us will never be rich. Hell, we probably won't even be successful. And that's pretty damn depressing. But as usual with every problem, there is a solution. Hi. I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns. They scare their sh** out of people and intimidate them and they're giving you whatever you want. That's right. Handguns. Think about it. Need some cash? Rob a bank. Don't have enough money for fear? Or the convenience store. Take some chips and pretzels wire in. It's all free. You've got a handgun. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him. To simple solution, a life's complex problems. Why have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the court. Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days who cares? By the damn thing of the street. Just buy a lot of handguns. It's a great alternative to working problems out and it'd be considered a population control. Yes, handguns. They just might make your fans. Puff 33 at 5. 6. You know, I'm sitting here and looking out by window. It's a beautiful day and I'm thinking, you know, I could be a bataving New York. I could be in Kalamazoo. Nusers. I see people walking around. I see cars. I see streets and buildings. I see London. I see France. I see a restaurant day. And I'm thinking I could be like in Pittsburgh. I could be in. If salinity Michigan. I could be in Sacramento, California. Looking out the window. I'm just thinking these because, you know, Jebo, she here is done right on it. Here's a good fast from carry. At least I hope it's good. This is up there with bank Atlantic for over 20 years. The people are friendly. They never made any of it. In fact, in my poor days, they actually covered a couple of slightly overdrawn checks. Also they're open on Saturday and Sunday. That's what, uh, for Alwa San. Remember? Yeah. He was touting bank Atlantic. Because he said, I'll call the uploads. His what he said. He's absolutely correct. I'll call the uploads. They suck. Man. Well, that's the policy. But where do they find these people? What's the obsession that they have with hiring these certain. I don't want to get into a whole thing. You know, ethnic thing. But these Jamaican kind of people. You know, I'm talking to each cheap. These imperious Jamaican women who have got a real crappy attitude and make it very clear. That they're not way to give a crap about you even if you're the biggest depository in their institution. They don't care because they got a whole lot of other angry people stating that they're just called a toll free 800 number and mess with them. Okay. But she ain't got time for me. Bitch. God. Man, you can't complain about the service they give you because they don't give you none. They suck. And did you mind me to make my point about that the first union of my Kobe bank sucks? Don't forget to, uh, okay. Okay. You bank. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. You're missing the biggest richest die in the United States for your poll. Look at me a clue because that's all I could be in her. She got it. I got it. Oprah Winfrey. Oh, my God. Oh, yep. That's her. How could we have left Oprah. Wow. No, about about it. Ha ha ha. Thanks for the reminder. We're just getting a little old and feeble. You know how that goes. That's okay. Same goes here. Take your meal. You too, bye-bye. How could we forget Oprah? Yeah. Oh, but she's going to marry her. What's his name Maxwell still in the set on the earth? What a real name is. Oh, yeah. They're going to get married. Well, maybe they are. Well, as soon as J. Low and Ben F. like Tyden, I'll throw a third thing about it next year. I mean, not that it makes a difference. She's still got no talent. Her show blows. She's got those ridiculous pastel backgrounds that are, well, I don't know what that's supposed to prove. And she's got all these women, millions and millions and millions of American women. All she has to say fart. And they're all like a sitting on one cheek. Man, oh, you go by this book. Oh, by the. I mean, yeah, I'm going to show we recommend you good movies because, you know, but it, but it's not like some kind of a scam we got going. Doesn't matter. Perfect. Look how stupid we are. Let's get smart. Right. Oh, bro. Yeah. Like Hollywood video or something. Right. And so right. Let's start our own guy to end video club on here. Let's start stealing a bunch of DVDs or making bogus copies and selling on the internet. Oh, and by the way, it missed the flood. Careful. Far be it. Far be it from me to just leave anything I'd read on the internet. Wow. Talk about the podcast on the kettle. Pick, Matt. Oh, do you see those cool joints just do they died? Those are Iranian sisters they died. It's my fault. And they keep showing them on here again. Again. We knew the wrist was great. Yeah. Well, it was so great they died. I know you're not supposed to make fun of things like that. I'm not making. I'm not talking about them dying. I'm not like for relearned. I think when people die, it's sad. Usually, although if the Katherine Heresther would have been too well, but I mean, you know, there are a lot of things to think about when you have signed these twins like that. I mean, how do they go to the toilet? Don't go stealing my tomorrow's show. No, I think that's a good show for you tomorrow. That would be a good poll. That's what I'm going to do. Which things would be the most difficult for signed these twins to do? Have sex? Go to the toilet? Um, right on a bus? Right, right a bicycle? Drive a car? Uh, be a game show contestant? You see what I'm saying? Pitch for the marlins. That would be something. That would really be something when you have two balls coming at you at the same time. That's what most said. Absolutely. Well, you know those, the original sign means twins. The, the Chang and Ang brothers. They both between the two of them fathered like 20 kids or something. Really? And they married twin girls. They had in the Toronto Star yesterday in the front page. There were two, um, Asian. I'm not not Chinese, but they were like, I don't know where they were from. Pakistan or summer. And, uh, kids that were like separated. Not, I get get shortly after birth. And they, you know, they were fine. I mean, no, they weren't after birth. They almost the, I guess. But they, they look fine, you know. They're like 18 now and even separated for years. And that their surgery went okay. Unlike these poor Iranian sisters who died. And they were like, you know, they were like, you know, the same twins, but they were otherwise attractive. Facially speaking. What do you mean by that? Would you still do them? Oh, you mean if they were still connected? Yeah. Or just imagine you could do one with each hand. Huh? That's something to think about. Now does that count as a three, some or what? What was that that they said during the revolution, one if by hand and one if by mouth? And if you see, that's what Paul reveres said. Something like that. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, five, six, six, six, six. There's another good question for you. Would you have sex with the time these twins? Well, my pole was going to be tomorrow. Yeah, I'm sure another one of these filthy disgusting, breakdown. Yeah. Yeah. I still wonder about that. I know it's, it's, but I mean, you got to go. You got to go. Right? What would the plan be? How about, how about if one of them has to go? And the other one doesn't. I guess you don't have a choice, you know? Just come in and sit down or read a magazine while I'm taking care of Venice, right? Maybe that you, if they had side by side toilets, they could get on the same schedule. Don't forget I'm in Canada side by each. Oh, sorry. Here's a call from Key Largo. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Good afternoon, user. God, you sound so happy up there. I am. Yeah. I feel like I'm in paradise. You are in paradise. How did we have Belki's in the Ray? Spilki's in the Ray, you think his gay? Rams with the Ray. Well, I hope so. Really? Okay. Well, let's put around there just to make you happy. It sounds like you're going to get a real charge out of it. Okay. Thank you. I am having a great day. Plus, put Spilki's in the Ray on there. Any show we can take at that bitch, we're delighted to do on this show. Pretty exciting. The NBC called to inform us that the Catherine Harris dying in a plane crash story was bogus. It was an internet hoax. And then the rest of that story is they wanted to take a clip of us talking about it to use on their news. Really? Why would they want to do that? I don't know. Tough came in and asked. Then I said no. Right. Right. Why do we want to do that? To try to make us look like that. Hey, I mean, I said right out front that we were really dubious and trying to find the website and the whole thing. But it was just, you know, it was a possibility. And I checked out the Sun Sentinel and they heard it. It's not like it just came over to fact. And I went on here and boom, here it is. We checked it out for a few seconds. But, put it right on here. Why don't I? That's a good enough for Fox to go back to it's good enough for us. It fact just make up a bunch of stuff and facts into us and we'll read it on the air. Why not get an I need share. Hey, why do I speak in with that? We, I think we all owe a collective of a dedicated gratitude. Even though he's been ever very short time to Scott. Even though some people find him abrasive, and some people find him to be a little invasive and uptruth, whatever. But I, I think he's, uh, a little firearm to this place. You know, long overdue. This radio station has been stagnating. since Greg Reid decided to fitly fart around with our morning show. We've been having problems. And then we decided to stick this show from 9 to 1 and 10 to 10 to 2. That was like the last nail in our coffin. He just about buried. And then after that, when he put somebody on the air, in a morning of precedus, who was encouraging his audience, not to listen to us, because he's a humeral soul fart. That was like the last thing. It was like closing up the box. So now we got a guy in there who's like, you're created some excitement. And you can feel it. You can smell them, speaking of feeling and smelling it. The little, you know, before the show every morning, when Feral is on, he comes in our studio during the commercial breaks. And he and I have a little verbal inner course, little chat as to what's going on. And he was pointing out to me this one. Now this is a guy that's only been there for six to seven weeks. Keep that in mind. But even he's been there long enough to see the difference in the atmosphere and the building and the hallway, the morale among the troops. As to when certain somebody is there and like now when he's not there. That's a loop. The difference when everybody's in a great mood and they're like, a high five in each other and playing grab ass and all these other things. He went on for a long time about that. So I just mentioned that in passing. Okay. I think we've been given a new leash on life. Thanks, Scott. You're okay. And by the way, we ain't getting no breakfast. Hillary Clinton, what's in these female celebrities do most strongly believe is a dyke. And we ever get Oprah on there right away. Yes, she's on her. She'll have any votes. Yeah, she will. 459 votes. Hillary Clinton 170. Jody Foster 127. And she's slowly but surely he's closing in on her ass. Oh my god, what a thought. I don't think she's got any. Yes, does she, Hillary? Oh, day one. No, no, I don't. Do you think? Remember that's when that beach, those beach videos of him and her walk in hand. Like I said, she's all last. And 3170, Jody Foster 127, Jamie Lee Curtis 38, did I mention who's a father? Who's daughter? Jeannie, it's an ingeraphylo 16. She's moving up fast. I don't, I don't pay that much attention to who she's doing. Mariah Carey 15 and Colbert 14 and Aquarnahoia 14. Brittany Spears 12, Sigourney Weiner, A Weiner 12, J. L. 12, Janet's Jackson's got eight. Kathy Bates 6, Christy make pickle five. That's good. The Christie still got some votes because most people probably forgot about her. Now, what was the show that she was on with she on family? Yes. With what's his name? Gary Pucket. Dornhofer. What, whatever the hell his name was? You know what I'm talking about? Gary Franks. Okay, I never watched family. And the mother was David Thompson and the father was James somebody who died a couple of years ago. James, uh, somebody. James I'm dead. Well, what a memory, huh? That was really a corny show. I did like Gary Frank though. 200 reason I watched it. Kathy Bates 6, Christy make pickle five. Nicole Kidman 4, Brittany Houston 3, Helen's hunt 2 and that's it. A whole bunch of people with no votes yet. Get with it folks. Daisy Fuente is Linda Evans, Melissa Rivers downtown Julie Brown. Elizabeth Xu. These people have no votes. Also also with no votes are Linda who else? Charter. Oh, somebody must have just a got one in there. Oh, yeah. No, I'm a police amorees. Got one Queen Latifatoo and the Oprah's got one now. Finally, that's going Oprah. That was kind of a giveaway when she said the wealthiest, biggest Oprah, no talent bitch. That was kind of a dead giveaway, you know what? God, I just, you know, more power to or I guess, but there's just something about her attitude that I don't like. She's like, uh, not it's like her stuffed-owns thing, you know what I mean? Instead of being like a little bit humble and saying she have made billions of dollars and I have no talent and I have no idea what I'm talking about. And it, uh, kissed the ground for it. No, she asked like, uh, she's going to say the, remember when she came to Miami that time? Oh, yeah. Several years ago and she was, she came to Miami to help us fight the crime way and she was going to have that show and that was going to do it. It did, didn't it? I think so. Have you heard anybody die since then? No, I don't think so. No more crime. No more shooting, no more crime, no more dying. Although a little of Anne every time they see her show on here, they all screened. And boom, we didn't look at you. You notice we didn't have one call about that movie. We don't have any specs anymore. And I think you chased them all away. Sorry, this is kisses for everyone. I never heard of them. In fact, be in a boy. Are you still putting stories on or not? I sure hope not. There's, there's, there's two, but they were already on yesterday. Oh, and I was wondering whether I should put them on again. No, not again, my bad. All right. But the, please don't be a favor. And do a search for kisses for everyone. It's a 2000 movie. I'm sure it'll be in there. Oh, look at this. Holy crap, just happened to catch you and heard you talking about Wachovia is a time the switch to your buddy Matt. My core shop at City National Bay. You bet your Matt. Here's the answer to my problems to my prayers. Although my probably lost a little bit more here, but nevertheless, what a great guy he is. This is City National Bank of Florida. Matt is the vice president and branch manager. What does it say? 8825 North Power Line Road for Lauderdale. Now where the hell is that? I mean, I know where power line is, but I like, I kind of, kind of in that direction, see. We're appointing that way. Is it? Right. You mean up the road of peace? Yeah. No, seriously, where the hell is, uh, would that be? I don't know. 6825 North Power Line Road. That's not way up there like by Pompano Park, is it? Might be. See, let me tell you this. I wouldn't really care where it was because with him, I could probably do it by me, you know what I'm saying? I could like FedEx him, my, it's the positive, anything. Right. What would you say in? I'm, I'm keeping this. I'm switching to my buddy because this guy took care of me. I can't, I've got a female right there. You can call him. You can email him. I will. I'll do it. Thanks, Matt. I'll be in touch. I'll be touching it. What is it that you wanted to know about kisses for everyone? Vessel Spatutalos. Are you a start in the speak by? White House officials say that the president of Lauderdale is he? Lino Sanquista, Spencer. Bam, Ramon, look at that. Look at that. He's a river. I have a shrimp. It's a local. I don't know. I know that the effort is coming up in there pretty soon. I don't know what that word is in Spanish and don't say it. But I know what's on there because I was reading the subtitles. I'll say it. Don't say it. See you. I'm just kidding. I'm not really. I'm not a chow. I have a dinner with a girl. Got anyway. Now what's the story where it was it made? Who was in it? What's it? It's a good movie. What does it say? 2000. Yeah. I already told you that. What was it? Speaks. Yeah. Taints in the abuse past. This film goes astray is the user commented I could be from here the first one. Let me look in my book. I bet you that it might in this book is like six billion pages. Why am I asking you? Why am I asking a little quizzling like you? Who did not even reading me the cast members, which is your people, man? No, that's right. I forgot. They're not Mexicans. Emma Fawade. Eloj's in the dark. Kisses for my president. It's not in here. Now why would that be? Kisses in the dark. You want to know why it's not because it's not in American made movie. It was made in Espania, I do believe. Look under Basos. I beg your pardon. Look under Basos, B.E.S. O.S. Maybe I know. I know how to spell Basos. What is wrong with you, man? Is they saying it lead Basin a Multo? Let's see. Look under Basos. I have a Paceos. It says that's what the Bina board gets paid in every week. Paceos. How many? But third man. It's not under Basos. Okay, you jackass. Why would it be under Basos? Oh, guess what will we have bought? I haven't watched it yet. The last night. I give up. That's the best in show. Oh. Did you tell me how much I wouldn't enjoy that? Not me. Making fun of all those investments to account for people. It looks like it's a real hoot from there. Now here. Let's see. How about Hillary Swank or Skanks? Is this a facts from Pete and Boeton? Who's Hillary Swank? Boys don't cry. Didn't see it. Did I see that? Karate Kid. Three. Oh, Hillary Swank. I know who that is. You think that's a digest because she dressed up like a boy? I don't. Whatever. I see that. Sure. Whatever. Put her on. You're Hillary Swank. She's okay. By the way, Pete says, thank you for the information. Bank Atlantic blows. I just had the same exact situation you had this weekend with. And I had my paycheck wired on a Wednesday. Roach extra were cashed on the following Monday. And back in line of claim that was overdrawn because it takes them five. You know, something five business days for the wire to clear across me. 60 bucks. They do have excellent service for the bank charges or through the roof. If you want to check your balance at an ATM, even there's a close to buck and a half. And if you want to withdraw money, another buck and a half after while these charges pile up, I just got back this morning from closing my account with them. I use under the mattress banking now and they're great. And now Pete also says, get for real off the air. Brupply attend on the dot. I like them a lot but two hours is more than enough. Wow, if you can get him to shut off, but you're lucky. And I have paid. Chagan. Well, listen to me. I mentioned this new before the show. I'm not one of those, you know, this crusading on a radio. I gave that up for a win, you know, a long time ago. But many, many years ago, when I was on WNWS, WS news at night, talking to 90 world people, we did accomplish one thing. And I think it was back when BDI Bobby Graham was in the Senate at that time. I mean, I mean, I went it not to, he's in the Senate now, dummy. It went. He was the governor. And thanks to him and some people in the Florida legislature, we brought it to their attention. This scam that's been going on a back in those days. They used to hold out a town checks. All of the banks in South Florida. They're in the state. They used to hold them for like, I don't know, two weeks or some ridiculous amount like that. And checks that were like in town for five to seven days. Well, come to find out that because it's all done electronically. And keep in mind, this was years ago that we did this. They forced them to write a law. But even that law is not restrictive enough. We find out that almost every local check, clears within what all of them do within one day. And some of them the same day that you deposit it, local banks. Because it's done electronically. And out of town checks, two to three days tops, tops. Even if you deposit it from a bank in LA, two to three days tops, for a degree, because it's all done electronically. So I think what we need to do is get somebody on a ball with this and cut this crap, because this is one of the biggest scams in America. How would you like to be in a business where you have a whole bunch of people handing you their money to hold for them? But before you let them use it, you hang on to which for several days, and you're making money on it. You're earning interest on it. Which is exactly what they do. It's one of their biggest money makers, one of the biggest scams that the banks have going. There shouldn't be any hold. Maybe a day. Okay? Maybe a day if it's not like a long time customer that they know is dependable that it doesn't bounce checks. You should have a status. Well, that's what I had until God damn in the first union. While Kovia came along, they should only croak. They suck. And their attitude sucks. I understand there's seven hundred other angry people in line or front of me, but I'll be God damned. If so, like you said, if you're a schlepper like you, and you're trying to like juggle and rub from Peter to PayPal and citing checks and doing whatever which happens. This happened to all of us in our life. I understand that. But when you're somebody like me who's making some serious bucks, I don't bounce checks. What would you think if that check that I gave you for Beater Boy's computer? What would you think of, oh, sorry Mr. Rodriguez, but the checks no good it came back. Yeah, dead beetle. Dead beetle. What's wrong with you with a money you're making? Can you piece of crap? You pathetic. No, seriously, you'd be pissed off. I would be all right. I'd be funny. It would be funny coming from you. Somebody else had freak out. Yeah, coming from me, my ass. Okay. Coming from me. If you already spent that money, if you already written a checks on or something, you wouldn't think it was so goddamn funny sweetheart. No, but not a problem right now. How do you know? Check your balance lately? Yeah. Five-suit after actually the story probably run a phone immediately. Oh my God. That's what I thought this weekend. Put my goddamn card in an ATM. Uh! Who the hell are you kidding? How you dumb American? You're not getting okay. It's for us even that cheap Canadian currency. Speaking of that, how's the market doing today? Doing a dude doing a dude doing a dut to Well yesterday? Look at it going, no yesterday went way up. I'm sorry, don't ask anybody why they don't know. Oh look at that. Next up, another 9. The down is down only 23. This is all, you just wait. That's my prediction. I'm not getting involved. If you want to win a vest day, have a good time doing it. Okay, you live a better time in Vegas and have more money left over. Now here's the call for Miami online you just know there is no question here's Miami hello hello me. Yes sir. Hey how are you? Pretty good. It's Saudi House. I was wondering to recommend to you a movie I'm not. I didn't see it in your list. Do you ever see American beauty? American beauty. American beauty. I think Jordan knows about it. We talked about it very good movie. I haven't got it yet. I was very surprised. It totally surprised by the outcome. Let me check it out you know like it. Okay. Alright now thank you. Thanks a lot. American beauty. It certainly is no big low-wensky but I'll give it a shot. Kevin Spacey and that bending door of birch. Right. Some other guy. Mm-hmm. Nothing wrong with it. I was surprised. Everybody touted it. Every time they tout a movie I'm dubious. I'm gonna tell you one thing. I'm not my good friend Miguel. It's a damn good thing he looks like good. I haven't heard of that before because he's got so many deficiencies. He's just, I don't know what the problem is. There may be a bandage up the ball to own up to it. Lesser man would have said oh yeah great movie whatever. No he wouldn't. Somebody else would have knowing that they would have gotten ripped. Oh he hasn't carries these to the fight now. Sure. As long as we don't sick the rean on his ass. Hillary Clinton won 75. The majority foster 140 and that's a tourist race. Everybody else is sucking windman. They're way, way behind. Out of 505 votes into tourist race. It's secretariat and they will not say it. It's a firm and alitar coming down the stretch. It's Sunday silence and easy go or coming down the stretch together. I'll tell you one thing before you notice going to be Kentucky Gerby Day in May again. Dave Johnson will be on the phone with us. It's just how these years just keep flying by. Yep. Fly and by. Before you know it I'll be 90 just like Ma. You think Ma's going to send me a birthday card of my 90s birthday? Surely be 120. Maybe she's writing a bunch of letters in advance. How do you like that? You pick out a reanized card. You sign it ahead of time. I put it out put a nice $1,000 check in their happy birthday. And can you believe it? You made an idea nice cute little note. I have it as a John who goes over there by the way. I do you don't know this. He goes over there to take my place every week and have lunch with her. To show you what a good sport he is. What a good sense of humor he's got. Yeah. I don't want to send it a number of times he said reenact will push that from those millies ground browns. Okay. I don't want to tell you that. Good God. So I give it to him and here's the check. Take it over there. He takes her his own card here. Happy birthday. Would you of course his card don't have no check. But there you go. And all I get is because he hasn't been there yet see. Because I call her bright and early Saturday morning. Say happy birthday Ma. And what do I get? Yeah. The only one hasn't sent me a card yet. I got one for your brother. Yeah. Was there a check in a card from my brother? Which I don't want to mention. Just a clear bankruptcy for the 85th time. Not not 85. But he's got a scam going. It's called life. I'd like to do that. Okay. I have no idea how that works. How many times can you declare bankruptcy? But certainly. But anyway. I hope she enjoyed his gift of dates and candy and crap that's going to like it. They probably prevent her from making it to 91. He must think she's got a lot of money stashed away somewhere. Because every year he sends her all of this candy and crap. You know, she's got a lot of money. You're much more likely to kill her. Doesn't work though. It hasn't worked yet. Has it worked yet? She's still alive. 1257 at 5. 60. WQAM. I want to tell you about a place that still go in strong 25 years in soft Florida. And that's Brandy shoes. We love our friends at Brandy's. They love us. You want to know why? Because they do everybody. In fact, this goes back to what I was talking about with that awful bank, which I don't want to do. There are people who give you service and then they're the rest. And that's the reason Brandy's has lasted so long because they started it is just a small independent family's shoe store. And now they've grown like crazy. They've got a gigantic 8,000 square foot mega store with over 40,000 per year favorite shoes in stock at unbelievable unbeatable prices too. Whatever brands you like, they got them. Rockports, Echoes, Mufisto, Timberland, Clarks, S.E.S. Floor Shime. And they've got all the sizes you're looking for. Men 6 to 15 women's 5 to 12. And what's from the very, very narrow to the very big fat wide ones too. And like I said, they give you personal friendly service to make sure they give you a perfect fit every time. You won't walk off like, what's the guy's name in like, Haja Ful? Jacob, you won't be walking like that when you have your shoes on from Brandy's. You'll find a bit 12, 90 to a federal highway in Pablo Vich Open, Daily 9 to 9, Sunday, 10 to 5. And right now, it's a great time to buy S.E.S. shoes all this week at Brandy's because all men's and women's great styles 20% off and more. So be sure to get into Brandy's this week and say with ton of cash on S.E.S. shoes or check them on the web if you like at Brandy's shoes all one word Brandy's shoes.com. My life and love all this is for 2560. You're the two way, yeah. Uh-huh. This is Coke John Paulins. And if you ask me, the only thing more fun than playing Radass with this wish guide is the Neil Rogers. One to two. Power. The honorable Reverend Jerry Fallwell. My friends. I'm sure that Halle Berry is a lovely makers. And a fun actress as well as Chuck Berry with his young girl music. But friends, I must speak out against the academies of brazen and colored folk. It's my understanding that the pop culture industry is perpetrated by homosec shield shoes. It was them. And that clip, of course, who brought the tragedy of 9 or 11 of Paulus. Goals is angered by all who are not in the lackness of myself. All that's Radass, Christian and White. Now pull down your pants with me and pray. Dear Lord and Heaven, help me find my penis. Thank you. 102560WQMSR big one to 145 hour. We don't have anything for that, do we? We don't have no intro for. Anyway, I'm looking up to see Beener Boy. You gave a lick in a smear. There are kisses for everyone. Bacos Paratoros. And there's like a long review on here, long summary. I guess you just went to this is Mongril Media. Is that the one you looked at? Ever, I don't mean not. Time to be. 1965 had these Spain, cadise, Spain. Miles from home, Ramon Elfonso and Nicholas, share both their apartment and their commitment to a graduate from medical school. All I know goes on and on and on. Thought how they're all getting laid and wanting to get laid and that's it. What's the one? It's a cute movie. Vacos Paratoros. We have it at one call because we don't have any spixels. Maybe they're all I can tuber somewhere. 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T and for all I almost forgot my penis story for the day. Every day we have to add another repeat of story. Peter. Peter and KFC in Game of Chicken. An animal rights group said it plans to file a lawsuit. This was yesterday against fast food chain KFC. Accusing the company of making misleading statements on its website regarding how the chickens itself are treated. There's nothing worse than misleading statements on the internet. You know that? Right. That's what the misdragy said. People for the ethical treatment of animals. Peter said it will file suit and California State Courts. I guess they did yesterday against KFC and its parent. Young brands incorporated. Young. Young. Rimes with dumb. Sicking and injunctions. The stoppeter says are deceptive statements on a KFC website. Peter contends that. Patah contends that chickens KFC buys some suppliers are abused through drugging feeding and slaughter practices. The director of vegan outreach of. Patah. Bruce Friedrich said the treatment is legal but they can't legally lie about it and they have been. They've been lying about it. Through their teeth. Friedrich alleged KFC's website other public communications contain misstatements about how the chickens are treated. The claims on a website are transparently absurd. He said we tried writing letters to explain to them on their what is on their website is lackably. Obviously wrong and they've ignored us. Sposed people for KFC and young could not be reached for common. They're probably hanging out with a kernel. Peter. And a draft of the plan lawsuit obtained by rotors takes issue with the KFC's. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's website is a very good idea. The KFC's thing is a very good idea. to be a national bank, a hometown bank, a small, a nice to the customers, then now in Kim Down and join them, but they still stay just as nice. The local people are pretty much in charge, and it still has the atmosphere with small town bank. Right. And they're fantastic, and they're very easy to don the internet. So I bank on why now. Yeah. And I really recommend that now two things. So the only water bill office that I know or borrowed office that I know of, the sort of cost from the Broward County Courthouse, and that child building. Oh, God. Yeah. But I don't know. Maybe they have one out west now. And the other thing is that it, yes, it is from the million family from Pittsburgh. Not for me, then. Not for me, David. David. Yeah, not for me. I'm some Pittsburgh that I, you know. Anyway, also, what you put to Andrew Bowley, you think Sandra Bullock is a dyke? Oh, yeah. He's positive. Look at her last movie. Just look at her. What was your last movie? God. Two weeks notice. I didn't see that. Would you grant? Okay. I'll be through the rumors about them having a round hands with David. And I'm, well, I'm just sure of it. Well, we got it down. Okay, thanks. Thanks, lad. I have a great day. Bye. Get Sandra Bullock on her voice. She's taken a beating on our polls the last couple of weeks. That's okay. I think she's cute. Yes, she is. And quite frankly, I don't care whether she's a dyke or I shouldn't know a fact like me. I care what is she, I mean, what difference is a make anyway? Well, we think we're not going to get to know any of these people. What difference is a make? We're not going to do them anyway. Right. Like Matt Damon. Am I going to meet Matt Damon? Am I going to like touch? No, of course not. You know, I mean, he's pretty good. I'll tell you, born identity. You'd be really proud to say, boy, Matt, you really pushed up a lot. I wrote it down. Yeah, you like the movie. Trust me. I bet. Be your boy's life on it. In fact, I'll bet everybody's life. If it isn't more interesting than a goddamn horrible, horrible movie that you forced me, and it was mostly being a boy. Oh, this is really great. A beautiful mind. Even though they had beautiful minds. I should have kept looking for the wrong name, at least then I wouldn't have found it. A beautiful mind with Russell Crowe. Boy, you ought to be eating Crow right now. Mr. Attitude that. Because that's for the birds that movie it sucks. I stand by. When does it give good at what point? I mean, be side of fact, he's drinking. And figuring about much in numbers, and he's kind of like a social misfit beside that what what happened. It's all foundation. You have to watch it. Oh, and now you know what you think it is. You've got to get that off right when it was about to get good. Ha ha ha ha. Right. Yeah. Yeah, you probably left just about when it was ready to get the bird. See what you don't know yet watching that movie. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And what I heard was I coming out. I had a crazy divide and then to watch it. I know I was crazy. But it was based on a real guide on some mathematics. You still live and teach and class up in the wherever it is. Berkeley or something. Yeah. Wow. It's crazy. I bet you're sure gold farms a lot more entertaining than ever been. I thought of the old. Thank you. Yeah. I got like a little. Twins. Yeah. Yeah. I'd go in when I had a chance. Yeah. I'm not going to. See that movie is much too cerebral from a girl. Well, with all the respect. I mean he's a wonderful guy. He looks great. He does a good job for us. But he's a dumb. You know. You know what I mean? I don't mean like he's articulating. You can speak English. He's peeking at a pony. But he's, you know, you know what I'm saying? Well, no, it's just that stuff's not done yet. Come on. Like I said, he's probably the smartest pick I've ever met my life with the accepted prison company. I don't want to show you. So anyway, this plaques from Matt Corchoff at City National Bank of Florida. This is like a, seeing it. See, and it's a damn good thing I come on here and bitched about it. Because that's how I met Matt in the first place. Although he always turned me down. No, but seriously, that's how I got with family bank at a first place. Remember I was bitching about Haitians and I mean, nations bank? Yes. And look what happened to that. They went out of business. Anybody see nations bank lately? They got brought out by some other fakeers. Probably by first union or somebody. I think it was. So it'll be mess it with me with my banking because I'll put your ass out of God damn business of it. The last thing I do when you start dealing with my mind is I told this woman on the phone and on whatever the yesterday. I said we're not talking about a supermarket. We're not talking about a God damn hat store. We're talking about people's money. And you people just keep making two goddamn many mistakes. It's unacceptable. She's got this cavalior god damn attitude. But while kind of like they'll do me the favor if they feel like it. And if not, then they won't do it. Like they're doing me a big favor. Right. You can't you can't extend the privilege to a customer and then all of a sudden say, oh, oh, we're not going to do that for anymore. We changed their mind. You see what I'm saying? You can't expect to keep customers by doing that. It would be like us saying, well, you know, we used to do a pretty entertaining show for the audience out there. But we're not going to do that anymore. We're going to play like Beethoven for hours every day. Let's give it a shot. Or let's just play. Play that all day every day. I like that a lot. Don't forget we got the marlins in the cup that don't go running away because we got a ball game coming up. Okay, no, lot of you like to play that game because you want like, but the way to Marlins have been playing lately and we got Don Trell, Darnell, whatever his name is. What is his name? Don Trell will us. The talk of America. He's going to be pitching against the occubbs and work with me. If you'll 1-45, the pre game and the game at 2-20 this afternoon with Harry Curry and Steve Stone. You know, is there any more? Don't let me forget on Thursday because it's a long way off and you get to be this old. Who knows if I'm going to make it, but when Thursday when I do the crossover with Ferrell, I want to ask him because I know he won't be Es me. Is there a more boring baseball and out-so-than-day van boring on a marlin seat? That's one of the problems. That's one of the reasons I have nobody out there is because there's nobody to whip up any enthusiasm. I say, let's get Ferrell to do the play by playing next year. Oh, you're going to say he's looking for us the next for money. Yeah. I mean, he can do the panthers. He can do the freaking marlins. Look at that. That's an effort home run. I can just hear it now. Probably you can't hear the lessons in this middle of the second inning. But it'll be great. Now get some people out there just like Harry Curry got us all to be company. That's what a like Bob Prince made all the people pirate fans like Rick Weaver with is a white hanky's. And his mother's in his bed at Roma. Too bad we got what we got now. Popped Janko. Look what we got. Absolutely. 114 at 5. 60 WQM. If you're working for peanuts, if your job is taking you nowhere fast, if you don't even have to worry about your paycheck clear because it's so small. It doesn't really make much difference. Maybe colleges too expensive for you to get training for new job and just takes too long. You don't have all that time. Well, here's the deal. If you can afford just 10 bucks a month to commit yourself to three nights a week for four months. Our friends at fast rank can help you change your life and get yourself into a new high paying computer career. That's right. 10 bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify. So call fast train toll free. One eight six six fast train. It was four locations in town in Miami, Kindle, Pemper, Fines and Ford Latterdale. So call fast train today toll free at one eight six six fast train. You'll be talking with a train career counselor who'd help you get straight enough. Fast train offers day evening and we can schedule stuff, placement hands on training. So if you want a real career in a big fat paycheck every payday, this is the way to go. Call fast train toll free at one eight six six fast train. Fast trains defer payment is valid for a year. The regular payments apply their after. Whether you're a high school student on summer break, somebody underpaid that and job like beiner boy. Or just looking to increase you network call fast train. One eight six six fast train to get yourself on a road door real career and a real life. If you want, you can check them out of the web at fast train.com. Come on. And local. This is sports radio by six. You way and way. More on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority. Neil God. If anybody has a opinion. The sentence from the city. The city. The city. The city. The city. The city. The city. The city. From our way. We'll pay your name and to the city. Stop. I've been the me of the city. Don't even bother to quit. Just follow. Don't. Everybody's planning. Everybody's planning. There's a few. There's a few. There's a few. In the act of victory is. You know what they got of you. Everyone that doesn't suspect you. So what you want to do. This got this for the nation. And are you mine? Ooh. This pushed other than the nation. I just do where I say. I gotta hate those two. And sentence if I roast you. Believe everything we tell. I understand one you. You know what we'll be fun right now. Here's the third race from call or. When my good close friend Phil Saltman. Wouldn't this be fun? They're all in line. Hey. It feels not there today. And they're all like I said who wants to hear that. No, remember he told us he's only working like somebody days away. No, sorry. Let's water for the cold man. We love your husband. Hey. I hope in Taney push. Thank you. That has to be safe. We don't mind you see our jobs go. We're passing the night by Kano. Don't need no stupid. Oh. All the hours we've seen. The fact that's a marriage in the way. Everybody's turning five. Yes. I ask you a day. Oh, I'm speaking of the American accent. The way the shootings in Mississippi today. And we're ready. And how about the near shootings? The near Columbine repeat that we had yesterday in Jersey. Yeah. Almost almost. It came within a kicky little hair. That close. Having another mass shooting in a school. I'm going to know is where else they were going to be shooting up a bunch of people. Crazy people with guns, man. Got a whole bunch of facts is here. Here's what it says to went in Salt and to interview a few deposit cash in your account. And watch over your money after 2 p.m. And Broward 4 p.m. And they've the money doesn't post immediately in your account. What kind of crap is that? They suck. Yeah, I've heard that. They can make a cash deposit. They still put it on ahold of the next day. Even though the money is in there. Maybe they're afraid the money's going to bounce. There you go. They don't know what money came from. And it's right. Now, somebody faxes me a poll that we took. What's moving at the most shocking ending. And American beauty was on this is. Remember this? Yeah. I think it's in the well on the poll. Is that it? Yeah. I see. I still haven't seen you. But I will. Don't get push. I could. I must have watched the whole bunch of. Weaker so including that black cat with Bella Gosey and. And Boris Carlah. And more of the worlds again, which was sensational. Everybody should be forced to see that. All that religious bullcraft. Although, of course, in the end, you know, they have to. They have to redeem themselves because that was back in 53, you know. Right. And of course, they were in the church. And they were all praying. And all of a sudden, I don't want to run the ending for it. But everything turned out okay. Well, except for the people who are already zapped away, you know. So anyway, American beauty, I'll get it. I'll get it today just to calm you people down a little bit. Now, here's one, every year. I mean, look, it's a matter of opinion, like George and Vina Boy both liked a lot. A beautiful mind. To me, it was the biggest waste of time. I could have been picking Dingo berries out of most but. Okay. And probably had a more enjoyable time than watching that. It was just it just, it was slow. It was not no more. It didn't go anywhere. Although, that's something to think about on the station. No, a lot of movies are like that. That's the foundation building. To pay a lot. To a long it too long. You know, it's like too much for play. Some of it is okay. But about 20 hours of it might be a little bit too much. Your attention span can't be shorter than mine. Here's one. I saw Magnolia the other night on your recommendation. It's as awful. Just depressing. Yeah, that's one of the electronic facts. I see. When you know what, it's the best thing we'll be able to ever see. We'll give him like it or not. Talk to you. Okay. I mean, how many movies are uplifting? Right? A lot. Usually movies that are uplifting are corny movies. You know, like Jimmy Stewart would call it's a wonderful life. Yeah, you know what I'm talking about. That kind of, well, I'm just down here. Those are the uplifting movies. I mean, yeah. Breakfast and food for dream was that uplifting? No, first time it would be pressing. This movie is so portally made that there are no words to describe it. In fact, you don't want to give it his proper due indicates to me. You're going to fuck up. We're asked about something. Oh, I should have put that on the pole yesterday. You know, that's right about Magnolia. George is a bug up his ass. He's got Magnolia's up up. He's a bug. What would you rather have up your ass folks? Lilature Magnoges. Puzzles. Come. That's such a phenomenal movie. I don't see I shouldn't have played that because every time I played, I started thinking about that scene again. It just, it just emases me. Every character in a movie is just so, I mean, you know, most movies there are characters that like that thing we did with a godfather, you know? We had 100 characters on there. And you could think about any of them. And like if they were near fine, if not the big deal, a small potatoes. You know, like Frankie Ben Tangely. Small potatoes. Or you know that Al Pacino went to the, what, at least Ross is acting school in the Yorkers where he got a start. No, I didn't know that because his bio was on biography last night. Al Pacino. And that's why he personally interceded. That was the first time he's Ross, it was ever in a movie. Did you know that? No, I did not. There you go. Now you got two pieces of news for you. Did you know that the Katherine Harris is dead? Oh, no, that's why she's not. But we can't be perfect. And Lee Straser, he went to him and he got him that part and got father too. I did just all of these things, just a wealth of knowledge with all the stuff that I'm seeing these days. Just tons of crap. I think that's. Pull question, which of these female celebrities do you most strongly believe is a Dijk. It's Dijk Tuesday. So everybody get ready to stick your finger like they do in Holland. Stick your finger in the Dijk. Come on. We're trying 180, 180, four, 180, four for Harry. She's still got a solid lead, but Jodie Foster's creep in creep at Evercloser 151. She's going to make a two-hospirase out of it. And they still got a 60-thomather. Yeah, I was going to put Phil Salsman on there and Phil's not working today because it's Tuesday. Never on a Tuesday. Sorry Phil. Jamie D. Curtis 41 and quarter 26 and that bitch moved up pretty good. She didn't graphalow 21. Mariah Scary 15 and a corner hood is got 15 votes. Sigourney we were 13. She said that lesbian stuff is alien to her. Jelo who says she knows alien. She's got 12. How could Jelo only have 12 votes? What does she have to do folks? Does she have to come out there with a big billboard? Does she have to have a sign for it? She was married to that ballet dance or whatever that first guy was. Everybody that she's ever been associated with when I was supposedly married to was a fruit cake. Okay, is there a message here? Is there a consistent pattern? Jelo only 12. Brittany Spears 12. Kathy Bates 11. Chris, we'll see they probably figured what a big ass like that. What a waste it would be with Jelo. You know, what a dice going to do with a big ass like that. I know. Asked to ask. Chris, you make nickel 9. Janet Jackson 8. Nicole Kimman 7. Nicole Kimman 7. Oprah Winfrey's got 7. She was the late edition in our all mission. And we apologize for that. She should have spookies to raise about 5. She's right on Oprah's ass. Whitney Houston 4. At least I'm repressally is 4. Queen Latifa 4. Helen Hunk 2. Missy Elliott. I have no idea who that is 2. Poor little Sandra Bullock. Why I think is sweet. She's got 2. I think she's cute. She is cute. Damn cute. Like Daisy Flint is one. Hillary Swank has got one. You ought to see it. Linda Evans, Melissa Rivers and downtown Julie Brown. Elizabeth the shoe and char day. They have none out of 561 votes. How do you like that? Beiner boy 561 votes. No bad. You just aren't the same today. Now we're going to hear about what your problem was this morning. Get it. Like white to slate clean. I got pulled over and you got pulled over again. Because they had to switch my rent of car. That's the switch my rent of car. My god. Apparently they didn't switch over the tag. And they were like, I was in the back of the car again. They were hanging in a prize and nobody in the prize was telling them anything. And finally they said, oh yeah, we thought they got a car. They switched the car with his previous way of showing. Like the spank. So. This man is not allowed to leave the building. Let's build him. We can find someplace in like in a kitchen. But there's a 20 second floor. He can tell. There's a lot of people in this right. They have a lot of second floor. We'll build you like a little apartment then. I'm a little crackhouse. You're not permitted to leave the building. Okay. Because allowing you on the outside is dangerous. You're laughing. I'm like, this is a man who cannot be allowed to drive to walk. Like to be on the loose. Man. Anyway. I still love that movie. Okay. Come on. Anybody says to me, the press. Do bad. Hey, we're not. I need to be more entertaining. And maybe that's what they did the press about. Come on. And I just love evening man. Okay. Okay. What anybody says. I love evening. Hey, you've been arguing with me about that. No, I've been a Amy Man fan for a long time. Paul Thomas Anderson is a freaking genius. Okay. This man is a genius. Anybody who could have ate that movie. And done all of these things. And Jason Robars like I told you, just basically died on the screen. Pretty damn close to it. He died right there on a freaking screen. See, Jason. What a great actor he was. Jason Robars is dead. But he hack it is dead. Katherine here. I'm sorry. But he upset his dead. Katherine. Katherine. Katherine is dead. Katherine here. He burned. He's the. That's what I was. Hey, miss. It was Katherine. And they were thinking about Katherine with an age. Is that to it? No. Oh. But it's just just like you folks. You don't agree with me that that's the best TV team of all time. You're wrong. Look at that. You won't believe this. You've never got to believe this in a million years. What? Where I'm sitting here in my studio out on a window. There's like a little patio. Enter these cheesy like. Chairs. You know, the kind of like patio chairs. It just kept over the window. Just I may didn't go over the edge of the can't do that. But it just it just kept over. I guess that's got to be paying me for that Katherine Harris story. Oh, we apologize profusely. No. We're so sorry that we got sucked in. Why we didn't really get sucked in. We just added and we kind of like debated is this for we're going to not. And why not let you know just in case. And it got us on the Dredreport, which has seen by how many Biden people every day. There you go. Thanks a lot, miss. Fudge. She's packing it. We got the ball game coming up. 131 at 560 WC. It's coming up at 145 with a pregame from Rickley Field with Dave and boring. And the books do we love the boaster? But Dave, are you van boring or what? Oh, man. Don't let me forget Thursday. Talk about that with the watchers name. With our savior in hero, the man who brought us from the depths of the spear back to the top of the mountain. You'll see. You'll see. Bring him on on board. Has to turn his place around. It's the best thing. Whether we like him or hate him or whether he's a pain in the answer. Whether he's going to lose the license. He is just to revitalize QAM, which was like like dying on the vine. Thanks to Greg Weed and his mess and mess and mess. And of course, thanks to Luke. Some of the people he brought in, not to mention on names. If you haven't called Donald my friends yet at 1-800 mattress and you're in a market for a new mattress, I can't imagine what the word you'd be waiting for. Even Miguel who isn't too swift, even Miguel. Recently called 1-800 mattress and got a new mattress from the folks at Donald my And he reports that it was a piece of cake. Nothing could be simpler and believe me in his case simple as the operative term. They showed up right on time. They set up the new bedding. They took away the stain, crappy, smelly and burasing old bedding. All of that for free. So don't wait another minute. If you need a new mattress, these are the people you want to be talking to. They give you a two hour window. Are you actually picking it? You tell my lucky to be here on Tuesday between noon and two between two and four on Friday between five and seven and a half days. Weekends, whenever. And they'll be there for you. But on the evenings. Now maybe you're thinking about one of those Swedish foam mattresses that you see in the Specialty story. Here's the good news for you. Donald mattress carries tempered pedic as well. Plus all the big name brands that you love, service, Simmons King Quill. See you at low, unbeatable everyday discount prices. So if you want to slap around all the bedding and apartments, there's a pay for their big overhead. If you want to get ripped off, but if you want everyday unbeatable low prices, just the one easy call is all that takes. Call 1-800 mattress and they'll be there knocking on your door in no time at all. 1-800-MATT-RES for dollar. Macris, the easy and intelligent way to get you to great night's sleep or check them on the worldwide web if you like at Macris.com. 5-800-MATT-RES for dollar. This is 5-60. 3-800-MATT-RES for dollar. You ain't! Just... Did you see our ratings in the last book? Yeah, I know it's what that is. You're a good option, if you're a... What the heck? What the heck? You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... That's right... Watch it back... That's right... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... That's right... Watch it back... That's right... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... You're a little bit more... Well, why did she say that? She had like 80x formation points. At least, Trashmurge! Isn't that what I said? Strasser? I don't get it! And I emailed her back and I said, what did I say? What did I say? I said, you know what I'm saying? No, no message. Well, she let me know. Believe me, she'll let you my ass out. Whatever I did wrong. Hey, it wouldn't be the first mistake today, Lynn. Made a bad mistake on that Catherine Harris story. And are we upset about that? No. We got some nice coverage on your boyfriend's website. Billions and billions of people all over the world. More people than our live yet today are seeing it. But third of me! And we put it on that she was dead while she was right there on Seaspan on Deviant. Of course, what was our first call? First cover out of the box. Got it was watching on Seaspan at their intellectual audience for you. Can't pull it all over this audience's eyes. I'll even do it. We'll give it to you for a long time. Here's for a lot of day. Hello. Yeah, you doing Neil. Pretty good, sir. That's still Magnolia. I didn't think that was all that great of a movie. This is Reverend Jones. Yeah, Reverend Jones. Yeah. Here's Del Rey Beach, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yeah. My second share and stuff. Sure and story is a die. Yeah, well, you know, I'll need as much fish as every time you see it. So what does that tell you? But I got a couple of things. I work at a lab in Palm Beach County and that's it. You could make super balls at a sub. You do some kill at with a hammer. Right. That's unbelievable. I got a funny story for you. I've been talking to Hacca yesterday and they wanted to know whether it's so black. I've been that scared. And I said because you'd have to put, uh, yeah, put sirens and gum on machines on the rest of the cars. Get them to drive fast. There you go. Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. Boy, he's your like this. Huh? I don't like it too. Yeah, again, that whole dusty baker thing about blacks and about the spikes and on and off. And here, here about a week and a half ago, the Toronto star had a big thing on her front page. Climb to blue jays, the white jays and they don't have enough blacks. They don't have the same percentage. I mean, let's cut the crap already. Okay. Can't we just get along? No, that would be no fun. Be no. Be no cook. Oh, God. Football season isn't that far away. And what is the one thing we dread about football season on WDQAM? Oh, look at that. Did he take the thing off of me? I think you're pardon me. Uh, miss, but she took my thing off there. I had the big headline. That looks like it's gone. Well, my, my, uh, 10 minutes of fame, sure, and last too long. Although, a lot of other stuff has changed on here too. Well, we had like a little flash on there. Just a little flash. 560, 50560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Live. What's that schedule look like? We got the ball game coming up. The big, oh, who works real cheap obviously, 545 right after the Marlin game, uh, till 10 o'clock tonight. Oh, man. That's an awful lot of the big, yes, me, huh? Don't you think? I wouldn't know. We talked that spangly baby talk. You know what I'm talking about? I never hear that. Things on the opposite team. What am I? Right. Uh, ATK at 10 and then join Marco overnight 2 to 5 to 1. By the way, they still want that hour back. In case Moe is listening, you know what Moe says? I'm listening. Oh, Jesus Christ. Are you kidding me? Forget about that. We don't know where it is. Which of these female celebrities do you most strongly believe is a die? That's our pull question that he might have run today. Come. Yeah, get out of here. Good job. But he is. He's listening right now. Man, but no life. His life is golf and uh, and squeezing the bag and picking his. Back to him. Hillary Clinton, 1951. Show the foster 167. You notice how tight that's getting? That is getting really, really tight that Hillary, a jodey thing. Jamie Lee Curtis 42 and Colter 31, Jeanine Grafflow 22, Ryan Carey, be really scary 15 and a quarter whole year 15. So, Bernie, we were 13. Chalo is still stuck on a dozen. Boy, Brittany Spears has got 12. How do you even relate to that? How what do we would you say? I'm, what do you say? Exactly. What can you say that there is many people who believe that Brittany is a dyke as jail. Kathy made 11. Chris the McNickly 11. Oprah went free nine. Oprah's slowly but surely sliding it up there. Jesse Janet Jackson, a Jesse Jackson, a whole bunch. Nicole Kidman, seven, Lisa Murray, Pressley six, Spilky's in the Ray five. Whitney Houston for Queen Latifa's got four. Come on, hunts got up here. Missy Elliott's got two. Poor little Sandra Bullock, two Daisy Flint is one. Come on, he's swank. He's got one. She's swanking it right now. Hillary Swing and her swank as we speak. Now let's see if this schedule judges on a moral. And we also have a moral and game of 12.45. So psychologically we've prepared for that big 12.45 to 145 hour. Oh, that's the wrong one. Oh, don't do that. No. What? I wanted it going out to go up to the ballgame. We got to play music right? Right. I'm going to play that just for life. I wish I wanted to play this. And what? By the way, my mother still takes an X-Lack. She told me she took six things. Whatever it was. And then the next day she took six. Perhaps. Back to the beginning. I'm going to be getting out the information. I can email my mom and get all the latest updates on her ball movement. Can we post them? If it post my mom's ball movement at the time, I'd like to take the text you on our website. Does she have a digital camera? Why do I hear about Katherine here? I'm going to be watching for Millie's Cat Cam coming to the website near you. What's that train spotting the train? Marlons are the government, maybe. Marlons baseball coming up next. Learn to spell with Don Trell. I'm listening. That's a looting. All the crap you can unwrap. All the slime. All the time.