Neil, guy said that you were to blame for 9-11 as he was dying. He was dire-reeling on the shoe. You know, you're like a little bit too stocked me and a man's room at shoes. Now we know for all those officially made it. Let's hear it. He finally has had his first encounter with Gilbert. Oh my God, dude, I was like, dude, get away from me, please. I didn't, you know, he said if you hired all of the pilots and I'm like, go and Jesus Christ, do have a stake. That's not it. That's just for me, but I couldn't believe I'm in a men's header at the shoelace. And I got some guy telling me that you're the devil. By the way, when you go back to Boko this afternoon or this morning, whenever you're going, stop by and knock on your neighbor's door and just calm him down a little bit, put his hair piece back in a set of little bit. Thanks that you posted his address, but you didn't, and I'm also going to take over. Asle can call him up to show you what a can-tankless old door he is. Absolutely. I didn't call him up and tell him anything and he gets all been out of shape about it. We didn't put your address on our website yet, more yet, more. Yeah, I think we did was, I did. I honestly think that when he found out that his address was on your website, he pulled his calf muscle. Litting? He went around today, he's got some kind of calf injury. Now, was he still reaching around a stick that too back in this morning or not, or did we embarrass him out of that? No, I haven't seen him. Did he fish that out of your butt, more? I tried to avoid any, you know, how it toastes butt picking, crotch grabbing. Yeah. I tried to avoid all that. Adrian, you really read like a rubber cushion for that chair that you have to sit in that studio? How many people got married in Toronto this weekend? Fuck, fuck, third man. I mean, I know the gay things going on. Is it a hue? Have they taken over the entire city? Yes. That was, that wasn't yesterday. That's been it with revenge. I know. How many Americans went up there and got married? Fuck, third man. That is sweet. Have a great day, Neil. You too, Scott. Need some action. And now, the sound of Jimmy's stories, making love the Catherine Hepburn. Oh, Lord, not the hell. Oh, you're not the hell. Oh, Lord, you're the hell. Oh, Lord. Oh, you're the hell. Oh, you're the hell. Oh, you're the hell. Oh, you're the hell. Oh, you're the hell. Oh, yeah. Oh, Lord. Oh, Lord. Oh, Lord. Oh, Lord. Oh, Lord. Now, some humorless muck that day is going to say, oh, that's a very poor taste. She just died yesterday. Her body isn't even look warm yet. You're already making fun of poor Kate. I don't think either one of them would hear at this point. Do you? No. Jimmy's doing it in Catherine Hepburn. They both push him up daisies. She never stole a free train. But she was 96. Don't you think that's old enough? Yes. I mean, I guess when you croak you figure well, whatever the number is, it wasn't quite old enough. You know, but I think 96 is old enough. I'll take it. I think 90 is old enough. By the way, I should mention this Saturday. My mother will be 90. What? Nothing. Are you laughing because I just had 90 is enough? No, I just told myself a joke I never heard before. I wasn't necessarily thinking about her when I said that. Oh, no. You would know. Here's our poll question from our Catherine Hepburn. Instead, whether Dine like flies, Gregory Peck 87. Oh, gently. Oh, you know, it's funny that you mentioned, She had hardly even always David Brinkley who died. He was 82. But the documentary I told you about was I'm going to play a couple of minutes from it, eventually. Star Wars dreams on CBC News were last night. I want to have documentary on his book grab your government wasting $8 billion a year on Star Wars again. See, basically, what this is all about. It doesn't make any difference, whether it's Reagan or W. It's really not relevant. Although Reagan, you know, put on a better. He was a better, a better, a better figure or whatever that means. But it's the same bunch of Nazis, the same lunatics. Pick an upright where they left off. And so they're back with his Star Wars crap against. So they showed in the middle of the show that was a, they were showing the different clips about that crap during the cold war and about height under your desk in school when he dropped the bomb. And here was a chat hardly of all people in a PSA and immediately stand up and put your arm over your face and then die under the nearest table. It was a panic. I was like, yeah, that's it was Charlie. It was Charlie. Stop cover. Stop cover exactly. Stop cover. It's by the way speaking of the cover, you'll enjoy being a voice picture on our website today and deservedly so. You can now do a see his get ready to stuff. But also his giblets are on there. World famous giblets. Here is the result of our pull from a Friday. What's celebrity with a marginal or weak face is still hot? And wouldn't as luck would have it. Oh, I can't believe that this has changed that even look at that. Look at that the result changed. But I saw a flick with about 10 seconds of it with Cameron Diaz on Saturday. And they have a point depending on what day of the week it is. There's some time she don't, her face isn't, I don't know. It's not that she's all that pretty, but she has a nice smile. She has charisma. She's, yeah, we'll soft, you know. Well, that's what they're saying. Her face isn't the greatest, but she's hotter than, uh, Tamali. What's the limit with a marginal or weak face is still hot? Demi more 257. She comes from the behind and wins it. Demi. Cameron Diaz 248 was in the lead all the way right to Leyen. Jamie Lee Curtis, 216. Jackie's Johnson, 206. Sarah Cajesica Parker as Eric puts it on here 173. Eric had a tremendously traumatic weekend, by the way. Jillian Barbrae 112. Ellen Barkin 80. Leia Rimmany 61. She can dig in Rammany. They both have no UV light. Mimi Rogers 52. Sean Connery 47. Sandra Bernhard 46. Dean King 39. You see, you can tell that most of our audience are head of a sexual males because of Dean King if we had a lot of fags and women out there Dean King went at a lot more votes. The first time we were in the lead, we were in the lead. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 42. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 54. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 41. Jamie Lee Curtis难ling. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 54. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Leeworking. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee casts 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. Jamie Lee Curtis 54. Jamie Lee Curtis 52. So I have no idea what Scott's looking like these days. Probably old, you know, yeah, probably not looking all that good Here's our passage from the Hillary book today and anybody whose caught with Hillary book by the way will do 10 to 20 Why the hell are you people buying this book is there something wrong with these people? I bought it only because I felt like duty bound, you know Yeah, like a schmuck, but at least I'm making something useful a lot of it every day on the show exclusively since this is not the BBC That facts was so pathetic save your breath. They're reading it. I don't give a crap what they're doing on a BBC our audiences listening the BBC I'm doing a pubic service here. I'm saving people like 28 bucks to their heart on cash Hillary says on page two How many days we've been doing this? I don't too long too many four five. This is day number six So in six days of course is only the top part of page two. I'd say in about about 30 years We might get to the end She says my parents were typical of a generation who believed in the endless possibilities of America and whose values were rooted in the experience of living to the great depression Believe that Don't be interjecting you. I don't know I didn't know was a run on sentence There are two senses in here. Okay, they believed in hard work not entitlement Suffoliant not self indulgence I'll even read the next paragraph as a bonus Because it's a holiday week That is the world and the family I was born into on October 26, 1947 We were middle class midwested in very much a product of our place in time my mother Dorothy how a rottom was a homemaker who's days Revoled around me and my two younger brothers and my father Hew e-rottom owned a small business the challenges of their lives made me appreciate the opportunities of my life even more Oh, shit I had to violence plain. Thank you. No, I need oxygen I mean, this is such thrill God Talk about hearts and flowers and just it's crap is what it is, but that's okay cuz hell I'm eroded Where's my cello lady? The challenges of their lives made me appreciate the opportunities of my own life even more You know These assholes out there that are talking about her. Do you think she's gonna be present? Seriously for getting about the present Pozo what qualification does she have to be present at the god damn SPCA anything? Anything I don't know I Mean what are we talking about here? Oh, but her name is Clinton's so he and she was her once married to the president and she's the ice princess and she and Janet may have been getting it on for all we know It's pretty damn embarrassing seriously. Where'd it help to become up with these losers? Oh, it's speaking of that. Did you see the result of the the poll The online poll that we voted in no I did not move on dot org well we'll get to that We had to post it over the weekend, but we'll get to that because it'll kill some really good time and we got today's pool I'll be honest with you that there only a handful of new stories on the website today because there's nothing going on Other than Kate Hepburn dying I think and of course the erromaps got a little a couple of sinks in the arm Again another shooting over there today So says is really radio few little bumps in a road thereafter all these years you expect a smooth transition doing right Few more people got a die whole bunch more people got a die and then maybe then maybe we'll talk turkey Problem it's after 10 at 5 60 WQM. This is tomorrow's Canada day Then you got your 4th of July on Friday and then next week is the big vacations kid. We got some very exciting news to tell you about that two momentarily Yeah, thrilling you don't think yeah, whatever. I think it's very exciting Hey Gilbert you're an ambicill Gilbert. Okay anybody ever tell him that I'm sure see Gilbert's a product also those Reagan years And when they let all the nutcases out of the institutions I'm sure he's a product of that I'm telling you here's some a place that you want to find some really great products But what do you say barbecue's glory? That's right with July 4th coming up just a matter of days away and Barbecue's the loryl find the biggest range of Weber grills necessary starting with their Weber smokey Joe Portable charcoal grill and this one is so inexpensive It's under 28 bucks the perfect real for any July 4th picnic Nobody can be barbecue's the worst incredible selection of top quality grills. They got a full on a grills including Weber Viking Jen air Braille mate An exclusive rills like the turbo barbecue chef cook on and captain cook all of the guarantee lowest prices You'll find anywhere right now take advantage of no payment. Simist cash financing till January 2004 on a proof credit this week at Barbecue's glory can take on the amazing three burner cook on grilled a Barbecue's galores exclusive it comes with a host of great features They you'd normally would find only on much more expensive grills like 42,000 powerful VTU is porcelain coated cast iron burners and cooking grills and a generous 625 square inch cooking area You won't find yourself another grill like this for this kind of price now just 349 bucks and only at Barbecue's galore perfect again for that July 4th cookout or any cookout all summer long Don't forget Barbecue's galores America's best barbecue's throw they have at all and they have stores for implantation and university Drive in a fountain shopping center called nine five four four two three fourteen hundred and Carl Springs on the corner of Sample Road in Rock Island roads call nine five four seven five seven 66 68 everything out of the sun for barbecuing in his one great place barbecue's galore Oh road Yeah N our dead back dead. Shot the fortune in the dead back dead. Make that oil flow. We didn't have price and cash found low. We're giving him a taste of the vodka seam. With the cracker, barrel in an apple's piece back dead. The corporate war is one fact dead. We only jump in gone back dead. The world is argent now. We'll have a mega deep fried kitty chose to go. Just like the baddies in World War II. There was a whole lot of art for the brass to boost back dead. Grab everything you get in back dead. They won't be doing that again back dead. They won't do it again back dead. They won't do it again. And you know what the rattler's war is. You want some water? Well now it's ours. We'll sell you a bottle of ornamental chart back dead. We've got to stock in deck back dead. I ran into a lot of me neck back dead. Now, push his gun. That is little boy. Get to anything you want. You're right. He's little boy. Get to anything you want. Get to anything you want back dead. Get to that you turt. Get to that you turt. Get to that. 10 17 at 5 60 WCM happy Monday too. Sonny going to be 75 here today. Feet's are all cleaned up after we had those hundreds of thousands of queens up and down. Down town. All over the place yesterday. Sure you must add a gigantic gate pry turn out there. And you're like in sweet water. Oh, what's different about that? Here's a fact that says great new movie out. 28 days later. I recommend it. That's the one with a kid from transporting. Who's still swishing around on the bowl looking for it? Looking for that suppository. Oh, God. Or you haven't 28 days later. That's not even the movie. Have you ever got a body? Does that zombie movie? You're asking me? Yeah. Anybody know? It's only a story. But I like about five minutes. Somebody will know. Maybe we'll actually get a call. You think we're going to get a call today? No. I doubt it. People? Yeah. From like, well, I mean, like real people. I'm not talking about, you know who. I'm talking about like real living. For example, this fact you sent me a couple of minutes ago from Billy and Boca. I think this tells you everything you need to know. I mean, talk about incoherent. It's a speaking of new picture and beener boy. When will you post the picture of his arrest photo? He's a kid. What does that say? He's a what now? So let's select now. Don't want to have to wait for smoking gun.com to get a near-ranges.com. Can't have a exclusive. Says Billy and Boca. And it says go with fear and loathing in Las Vegas. Is that what that says? That's what's there. That's what it says. Or says go watch. Go go with it. Go with it. Get you. I thought you hated that. I couldn't get through it. I couldn't get through 15 minutes of it. Oh. And I'm on that phone. I like it. It was about drugs. And now we're in 49 minutes version of what's upon a time in America. He's the director's cut special to this condition with Robert De Nero and Elizabeth Montgomery. Why do I always call her that? I don't even can do Elizabeth Montgomery. Although one is dead. Elizabeth Montgomery. No. Can't do George. And Joe Pesci. See. And the very grotesque and unsexual James Woods. And a very young and later on very hot Brian Bloom. He kind of vanished. And he was in a whole bunch of movies, Brian Bloom. And he was on that soap opera as the warm turns. And I guess they turned his warmer out a couple times too many. And that was the end of him. Brian Bloom. You know who had great not only that he had great eyes, but also the young Elizabeth Montgomery man. She had beautiful and that's awfully nice of her to show her breasts. As often as she can and they'll let her. And I'll tell you who was was really good. And there was Tuesday well. Right. She was a pretty lady. Played Carol. And he gave young. You could tell that Carol was enjoying it. You know when they did the diamond heist. And Robert dinner will rape her. And we really wasn't a rape. Right. It was a thing. It was a thing. And then when she came into their office, she was like reaching around try to figure out who's thing it was. And anyway. Three hours and 49 minutes. And the ending is still. And if you listen to the commentary, there's a guy that they have on the special features. I don't know who the hell a guy was. Let's see footage not an original release. Yeah. It's different. If somebody when you're like one a hibernate and get a couple of half gallons of rires. Squar ice cream. I can't find who the hell does that. But anyway, there's a guy that does a narration. A commentary later on on the special disc. And when you get to the end, he says the same thing that we've all said that since the last scene. Well, I mean, I'm not going to spoil it because that's an old movie. The last scene is the narrow back and the opium parlour again. And it chops all over the place, you know. Right. And it ends with that big silly, not just a smile, but that big, Schmidt-Eaten grin on his face. Kind of like one other movie that we saw recently. We're ended where she like broke out with a smile. I don't want to say magnolia. And you think, uh huh. And then the narrator says, well, a lot of speculation that the whole thing was just a pipe dream. That's a little play on words. Right. Yeah. And you think of yourself? Well, if that's the case, I just spent three hours and forty-nine minutes watching a guy dreaming about something happen that never maybe happened. Right. I hate that. But what difference is it making it just a freaking movie anyway? No, it's real. It's reality. Oh, is it? Yeah. And if it's a dream in the movie, then it's not real. And that's wrong. Is real? See, there he goes again, boys and girls. There he goes. Picking on Israel again. Here's today's pool. The last thing I want to hear on the Neorajoo show is, and I got a little, oh, we have one that I have to add immediately. Was I neglected? The last thing I want to hear about on the Neorajoo show is, and we've already got some votes on there. Music seven is because they hate my music and they're not too crazy about yours either, but mine they hate like poison. And that's okay. Twenty-three votes already. Music seven, hockey six. Moe Howard David at four. Absolutely. By the way, old man, your address is not on our website yet. Sports three. Politics one. QA, QAM. Politics one, meaning I didn't word that well. What do you have called it? They know what that means. Right. Gossip crap. Movies only one and religion doesn't have any. Don't let me forget to play the clip from Star Wars dreams. How come that wasn't on some American network? That's good. How come wasn't even on PBS? Star Wars dreams. How they're pissing away $8 billion of your money or your tax dollars. How much of crap that they already know is never going to work. Our first call is from Davy, but it is online six. Hits my drift. Here's a call from Davy. Hello, Davy. Hello, Davy. What do you hope? Yes sir. How are you? I've got nothing. I went to that movie. The 2018's Larry yesterday afternoon. Yes. And like a half hour later after sitting through as long as I could, I had to go out. No, it was still hung out there. It was pondering it was not a B movie, but a C movie. You walked out. I had to walk out and get my money back for, or actually I got tickets for some other date. Actually. Was a zombie movie? Oh my god, that's the second one in my 50 years here. Your George G. was at the zombie movie? Was there ever, probably in zombie in it? Exactly. Yeah. And it was just unbelievable. It had just twitching in your head, who's in hemorrhoids. Huh. And you could didn't let me start it. Okay. Well thanks for the warning pal. You got to get off. Have a great day. So there's the first review of 28 days. What's the name of it again? 28 days one? Later. Later. Later. Later. Later. It sucked. He said so bad. He actually had to get up and walk out. Now that's interesting because I just got the facts minutes ago saying this was great. And now we got to got up and walk down. Now this guy seems incredible. I don't know why. Maybe because of the because it's the same guy that was in train spotting. But the actor really shouldn't have anything to do with director. Right. Director from. Oh, it was the same director. That's what I heard. Oh my god. Well, there's another one. I watched that until he got his hand stuck in the toilet bowl. We're taking for his depository. Fish it around for gems. And at that point I said, ah. I don't see. I don't know. Later. These are is that reviews the shows on the Sunday morning show. One of those Sunday morning shows. I have no idea. I don't watch the Sunday morning show. Oh, are you talking about the great performance by general Clark on meet the press? The whole. Yeah. I have forgotten all about. Right. Oh. Anyway, why did the old guy say he said that it was all right? And he's a green person and sucking old cuss. He likes green pre likes the suck on green persimmons. Yes. But did you come and ask for you? I had to the pole. I'll get to it. Just relax. Okay. Well, you just relax. Don't start getting pushy. Who wants to know Eric? Or beiner boy. Well, Eric. Ha ha ha. Oh, eating ass. How can I have forgotten that since George is going to be doing the show next Monday. And Monday Wednesdays and Fridays for the next two months. Basically. Eating ass. The last thing I want to hear about. Oh, I will say this. I want to go on record to say right now. Although I will not be listening when George is doing the show. I'm not one of those people that sits around like an old buddy. I mean, I'm just listening. And listen to the radio when I'm not working. Taking notes calling in. But I would much rather. And I'm not saying this gratuitously. I'm saying it from the bottom of my parts. I would much rather hear about eating ass than the marlins. It's much as I love for real. You know, I do Scott. But this marlin thing is just leaves me limp. You know what all these people are going to get. I'll take two tickets. I'll take eight tickets. I don't want to hear about the marlins. Okay. Which is fine. I'm not telling them what to talk about or what that's not. I'm just expressing an opinion. I'd rather hear about eating ass than hear about the freaking Florida marlins. Okay. It is so talk about beating a dead horse. My God. Well, it is unlikely we will be getting into eating ass. Why is that? Well, just because we exhausted that in the day and a half that I talked. It's an exhausted ass. Right. But there is no chance. Yes. We will be discussing the marlin. It was just a better chance. There's slim. But there's a better chance that we'll be discussing eating ass than the marlin. That's the more likely to be the marlin. That's the more likely to be the marlin. That's the more likely to be the marlin. Right. I'm sorry. I can't do it. I know it's a long, hot, humid boring summer. But there's got to be something beside the freaking Florida marlins. It's just, oh, I was thinking this yesterday. The idea and I don't know how to use to do it. Because remember when I was a big cubs fan there for a while, it was a hairy Everything. And I'd sit there and watch every guy the game from the first pitch to the last out. I could know a lot of normal watch, uh, on an entire baseball game. In fact, I can't watch an inning. I couldn't watch a whole inning of baseball. And I any more than I could like, uh, you know, have wild hot sex with Mohower David and Serapis. Mm-hmm. With his bag. It's just inconceivable to me. You know how you'd repas the gas station. They'll have the high school cheerleaders doing a car wash to raise the ice. Right. We'll be giving tickets away to those. All right. Now we're talking. All right. Because sometimes the guys are out there. We're like their clothes off. 10 27 at 5 60 WKM. If your car puts look bad, smell bad. If there's schmutzie man, the bottom line is they need to be cleaned. And who you want to call, you can call. You can open up your yellow pages. There's a zillion names in there. Some of them are even still in business. But I've tended to people have been around the longest to have been cleaning my carpets for over 20 years. These are the folks you want to call because of the best in the universe. Why call anybody else. Dry concepts for over 20. Let's see. 24 years now. They've been cleaning carpets in town. I'm making them look just like brand new and giving you great deals. No rip offs. No scams. No add-ons at the end of the job. Which carpakliners are famous for as a matter of fact. The people at dry concepts want to reassure you so much that they don't do that. That they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing the job. Then they go by dry cleaning your carpets, which sucks out the deep down dirt. And they're making some look just like brand new. Make some espelomony fresh. They're drying just a couple of hours. And you'll be amazed at how they can take the nastiest, the smelliest, the filthiest Lord and carpets. And make them look just like brand new. Also you'd drapery. Your expensive area rugs and oreo rugs. Your postory. Though they're furniture. If you're having problems with pet owners, a milled of waters caused by water damage. Dry concepts will make them disappear just like magic. So you owe it to yourself to call the professionals the best in the business. And dry concepts column tool free at 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071. You can get more info on a great job they do for you by logging on to their website. Dryconcepts.com. It's the truth when you call dry concepts you really can. Clean today and entertain tonight. You're my and you're all. This is for 20-50. You weigh yeah. For fuck's yourself. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. Hi kids. Your like cutin' little sink is like a little sound. The comes right up you sink. Wanna copy me and do exactly like I do. Get paid for writing little songs about boo-boo. My brain's all gone. I'm trying to get my groove on. But I can't figure out which fire squirrel i'm going to fall down. And Dr. Dre as. You called me as you pass it down. Yeah, I know. Well what do I smell as. And you look like. Well, since age 12, it seemed like I always smelled like a bunch of ripping gases and doing was pretty swell. I got pissed off when I cut my jeans off and fought it so hard to my underwear backwards, like Chris Crawl. And every night I'm like, oh, dinner last. And fun at my ass, fast little fat bitch who ate too fast. Now there's honey, he'll get way to mess my girl. I don't give a fuck, God said me to stink the world up. My anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus. My anus teachin' water me kicked out back in july high. The second problem was, something thrown up my ass and died. I shot him in the face with my vapour, the worst happened later when I covered his desk with used toilet paper. Wafing his trick club, my anus were filled up. Move the bartender took a dump in a tin cup, When over to a dance, I had a fucking agar. She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father. Nighting night in Santa Masraff, I was lied to. I just found out, I'm home, got home, gas and I do. I told her I'd go up to be a famous rapper. They were rapping about strange noises. They'd all make grandpa. You know you was dirt when the women rushed to lead. He'd rather hold his back, but you must need it relieved. This guy at one castle, Santa was pretty cool. But I had to go. Tw try to quizza as boom. My aim is– My aim is– think my aim is– Is my aim is– My aim is– My aim is– My aim is– My aim is– Absolutely, 25uss. 60 WQM happy a fourth of July and two far off happy candidate you do realize it's a four day holiday here now You told me before the show today's a holiday in the Mars and holiday and every guy damn days holiday because it's a summertime Sonny it's beautiful. It's gonna be 75 today here nice. It is magnificent Anyway, we've got on our website. I just about peed my pants now. Don't do that again being a board give me advance warning. Have you seen it? Yeah, yeah Oh, you're not as impressed as I was, huh? Oh, I love my assoctor Oh, okay, we don't have your address on our website yet. Mo we don't have that up there So whoever told you that was full of crap, but we got something even better and more setting than that. That's the young dancing dwarf from Twin Peaks Is that who the twin geeks? Yeah, with well-wee substituted the head of course Mo the dancing dwarf a little dwarf But before we get into that here's the winners are up there on our QM hot couples contest number three Which finished last week the lovely Frank and Liz first place winners by a mile And There they are second place winners the sexy Brian and Natasha now who would do we know who took what or is it making any difference? Uh, I don't know we don't know we don't care no our fourth and final contest is going on right now And third place third prize winners were the elegant and beautiful Greg and Stephanie not necessarily in that order The a biker twins and they've got the dinner for two at the pizza law So anyway, there's this man. I am pretty proud. Is it three good couples? I would say you're you? Indeed, three good couples so if you want to enter this fourth one, which is our final one for the time being Let's see you got till July 14th which today is the oh we've got a long way to go two weeks To which to guess your pictures be sure like a set them to near rages.com contest at neo Rogers.com Like I said contest at neo Rogers.com email us a picture of yourselves with your second again other and then on the July 14 Which is two weeks from today if my math is right Then we'll have to picture's up there on the web and then for a whole week people can vote for their favorites Everyone else the winners on the following Monday July 21 And the grand prize is three day two nights day for two with the royal oasis resort and casino in Bahamas with round for bear for our lake aware and or whichever one you like or a three day two nights I'm sorry three night two days stay and that's I don't want to go through that again. Okay. That's correct Right Well, you we got those nitpickers on you said this and you know you said that yeah, we said that too Three night two days day for two with hedonism two or three and Jamaica all inclusive transfers food Drink right at good two these entertainment nowhere for so to one of the Bahamas doesn't include round for a pair for the one at Jamaica No airfare, but all other good stuff and you get to choose and third place when it gets dinner for two with the pizza love with her without pony tail So to winners are up there in perusion take a look at them. I maybe they'll encourage you to Send your pictures in email them too Beenerboy at jail cell number 48.com now go and back. This is this is so sensational. I'm just how do we keep doing this every time you think that we've reached the pinnacle and I can't get any better We keep that we got mozo we got the squirrely mo with a swing and nuts, but now and what are we gonna get the eviced in clearance honeymoon photo on there The wedding pictures is that what those are the wedding pictures? Yeah, oh, those are lovely. We'll get them on so we're sure to But now right under where it says click here to make the knee a Roger show your homepage right above muscle bound meal is What do we call this? This is I guess we'll have it a party Oh God the multi-telleted mo who's real swing or he's dancing Oh god, you know something though it's like one of those things like Not just like hypnotist use right the look for the coin the swirly coin right one of those swirly things You keep looking at it and it becomes mesmerizing and you can't stop Well, I know the whole thing in twin peaks is the dwarf what appear in the the same kind of acid induced dream that the whoever kept having yeah And he just keeps dancing and dancing and kids not yeah And just goes on forever so on a bottom there. He's raping me and just can't stop and On top and can stop he's advancing full he's a part of that he's a real party enemy He's addressed by the way is something something and Boko a phone booth and Boko Okay, let's take a look at how that pull is coming now We do have some news about this vacation schedule we had a little bit of a tease there and I think that basically was Somebody maybe had did a couple too many magic mushrooms or something With forlava see one thing about Scott is as great as he is and we love him We're delighted that he's with us and a wonderful lead in it, et cetera, but you don't want to spread him to thin you know I mean no It's like really really rich food Okay, right like pick and pie even even a pig like me Couldn't eat like a huge piece or like more than one piece of pick and pie How can you know what likes to pick and seeds? How come I can't how come I can't get the my website my webpage back Everything mentioned something about some crazy Oh, I know it is all on there looking at mom. I would jammed up. I love it overload like that don't you? I can't get it either I'm trying it's good to get to dancing and I can't because everybody wants to I'll believe me it's well worth it. Okay, you'll have hours and hours of fun and amusement taking a puke at that My little bar at the bottom of the monitor is going backwards Right, I always do that to myself. Well look at the pull is going on. It's ongoing The last thing I want to hear about on the meteorology show is we got a nice list there for including eating Which I noticed eating and said a quick five votes I'm at instead of doing a show today I think what we're all gonna do is just sit and look into our monitors at the dancing more I can't Like a doll let's use the doll we're doing it He is a party fool. I'll tell you turn 41 at five 60 WKM. I want to tell you if you want to lose weight Everybody in their brothers tried the grapefruit diet and the atkins died and they still been died and the Weight watchers and Jenny Craig. I'll tell you one thing about those other diets where they have like the prepackaged food All of that food blows it really does they give it like little boxes of crap But a lot of chemicals in it. That's one of the things that says balance for life apart from the others is because they give you great fresh delicious food and it keeps you satisfied If you're not satisfied you could cheat and like crazy what the house the point of being on it and spending a lot of money But with balance for life. They deliver right to your door by six in a AM a little black sack And that's the key to your success and lose them weight with balance for life because all your food for the day is in there and you get to choose between two Alternatives reach meal every day that's run a program No cooking no shopping no cleaning no worries no calorie counting no carbohydrate counting because they do all accounting for you based on the zone diet All you have to worry about is reaching outside your door there by six in the morning and grab in your little black sack Just grab it three gourmet meals two delicious snacks right inside there and believe me the food is fresh And delicious they got for toddas and omelets and all kinds of delicious goodies beef and fish and chicken You name it they got it seafood So if you're really frustrated try all the other diets and you haven't able to do that way Yet if you're out of shape or a thorgic a view dive better, maybe on the verge through yourself a big favor and at least try balance for life This could be the answer you've been looking for for a very long time call balance for life at nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine Five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check them out of that wicked worldwide web after you check out spinning Mo at balance for life.com Gang rape is funny. Well congratulations, get a life You got an inside wall street in And now she's gonna pay for it All right Roller says she lied just to me night it facing lots of time and we're so excited to see Take it at least Five You We're so hard we're shaking, but just stop with a day or my love If you had everything but you spoiled it You'll send you away all the other You'll be sharing a stain that's on it With your cell baby 1046 is 560 WQ and we got the Mad Dog at 2 the Humper at 4 in the studio in Olastle 630, now the toughest time. Then you got the pre-game show of Marlins undecided, Braves at the Marlins. 705, let's not talk about the Marlins shown. Okay, given that they give up 45 runs and 3 games and pulled the middle game up, any K-Pall is the baseball game in Jule Markov and I 2 to 5 in the morning and then the Crestiul Fart and Geldy at 5 an A.M. 177 votes already. The last thing I want to hear about on the Oragio show is Sports Sports 46. I guess that's why Clarence still listen to this show. See if you walk out there in a hall you'll hear this show coming from Muff's Orifice and from the other Orifice you'll hear Clarence listen to the Fox Sports. You're in team. If you ran out there right now, be in a boy, run out there right now and see what Clarence is listening to. Come on, he didn't get a diary. Who's in? Clarence. Keep a diary though. You ought to read those steamy entries about him and the beast. Sports 46. Hockey 40. They don't want to hear about that at all. Let's do a hockey show. Eating ass, George eating ass 21. I bet you'd write louder than one's. Music 20. They don't want to hear about my music. But I said, you were a go-to-was-it-you're a go-to-simber or a last December. Something all those music show after all. My god, we might as well shut the transmitter off. I thought they were great. Me too. Yeah, you did not. I did. I liked it. Yeah. Just like you liked the bedtime is right. Well, I think that's the new deal. If George likes it, that means that we won't do it. Because it means it's going to go like, let's see, eating ass 26. More Howard did. I never did tell the thing about Fareld did I and about the schedule. I'll get to it. I don't think about this week. We don't have to rush. You know what I mean? Take your time or relax. Almost killed the first hour here already. We had a call. More Howard David in 22. And if you want to see about that movie 28 days later, they have their own website. You can just do a search on it because I don't, I don't write down what it was. But they have their own website. Danny Boyle. That's the director. Am I right? Then he do a trans-body? Okay, I guess. We guess. Oh, no, you're not the one who watched trans-body, right? I watched it. You watched it? Sure. Oh, my god. Oh, see, I, you know something I get chills. I just think about that. I got through it. It takes me a whole month. I hell of a lot to gross me out. Believe you me, they don't come more perverted than me. But watching some guys swishing around with his hand and the turtle of bull after he's just taking it. And not just any toilet bull, but, oh, man. The last thing I want to hear about on the Eorogger show sports 48, hockey 43, eating as 26, more Howard David at 22. And you're like that. That's a movie. Music 21, politics 15, QAM. I'm office politics 8. I think we should probably put office politics, but we don't have room for it. Movies 8 and religion only 2 out of 193 votes in just a half an hour less. 1903 votes already. Religion only 2, which is a great, we got a couple of calls. We got a car phone there. Oh, we got a car. Yeah, we got a car. Yeah, we got a car. Is that what he said? Yeah. I'll play that for the game. Don't be picking on the bird. That's bad. The man's been dead for a couple of years now. And you're picking on the bird. I bet you Johnny Darkshows up there second around demanding your free lunch if you keep that up. You think? Here's Miami, hello. That's the best thing. Say anything in the bird. Why are you looking at anything? Just say something. Yeah, I was one of the all-time best. That movie stuck. I'm telling you, now I'm not kidding. The guy on the radio is to give a three stars, the newspaper Miami hero, three and a half, and I'd give it a negative 15,000. That's right. That was the worst movie I've seen in my life. And I tortured myself and sat through the whole thing. I'll be damned. Well, if figures, if it's by the same people that did train spotting ahead of you, a piece of crap. Oh, if you're part of the expression. And that the English accent in the range of people. I hate that. Can't stand them, Brits. I don't know. I get the Schritts from here in the Brits. Well, thanks again. We got you down, pal. I got to go. I'm getting sick. That's good. Well, I feel really redreamed because I watched the two-diss special once upon a time in America, which is a damn good flick. One of my favorites, including lots and lots of scenes we had never seen before, and killed a really good afternoon when I could have been outside the middle of hundreds of thousands of screaming, missing facts I'll pass. And so I enjoyed it a lot. And I could have instead been in the theater watching 28 days later. I probably would have walked out. My first of all, I wouldn't go to see it, because of it's by the same group of British misfits who did transporting. Why would I want to go see it? Yeah. Let's take a look at that. The eating ass keep your eye on it. It's moving up for a salated edition. 31 already. See? I just mentioned, I never tell you what to talk about. And you'll notice, religion only, too, is a way this didn't last place. Right. That's why I think it's time to stoke up those religious shows again. Point to fingering all these religious fakers, all this God bull crap. Oh, there was, not only that watchset thing on BBC or CBC last night that documentary, but also there was an interesting show on, uh, whenever it held was over the weekend, about the aesthetics about all these different gods, you know, on the Sun God and, uh, love that stuff. Oh, yeah, it was really pretty interrested. Oh, collateral. Right. Exactly. And about all these different gods, everybody had their own gods. And everybody made up their stories and all this other bull crap and, of course, the the eagle was at the eagle or was it the hawk? Whatever it held was something bird eating the snake was represented the, uh, this has been going on since man first crawled out of the slime if you pardon me, steal that expression and you're still with a God bull crap. What are you going to give up the balloon? Okay. When are you going to give it up? Oh, God. Right. Man, it's so sad. And all these people still kill each other because our gods, veteran, your god, you don't believe it. The same crap. And Jesus is going to come and get you now, but a great lead into that, the segment. From that documentary last night, Star Wars. Well, I'm a good wilderness is being prepared as the new high frontier. There's a little clip to protect America from the fear of missile fired over the top of the world from countries like North Korea. If, in fact, North Korea were ever to develop a missile that could hit the United States, we would see it. And it is very unlikely that any president in the United States would wait to see if North Korea would launch that missile and then see if our system could somehow intercept it. It's much more likely that the United States would move preemptively to intercept it before it could be launched. There are many, many options other than missile defense to protect yourself against a rogue state threat. America's defense is on land, on sea, and in the air. But it's greatest right is from space. The 50th quest for a secure roof over America does never lost its hold on the nation's ideological warriors. For some true believers, the fear of America's nuclear vulnerability has always stirred visions of the biblical Armageddon, the battleground of the final struggle between good and evil. So, world could likely come to cataclysmic end in the very near future. And then the heaven will pass away with the terrible noise and the heavenly bodies will disappear and fire and the earth and everything in it will be destroyed. So, basically the message is not commentary was that the fundamentalist and right wing politicians, there all behind all the Star Wars crap and there are bunch of crazy people including your president. She shocked. Yeah, they ripped him an ass. It was great it was on a CBC news world last night. Oh, something you probably won't be seeing on your local TV channels in the US. And it's one of those things, you know, you can either give the public the truth and tell it like it is or continue like a waving flag and singing God bless America. Oh, which that was an interesting point. Late in the movie there once upon a time in America after he walks out of the mansion, after refusing to kill James Woods, Mr. or his name, Mr. Noodles. No, no, no, he was Noodles, but what was the name of the whatever the hell a guy's name was? He was the chairman of the Commerce Committee, whatever the hell of a James Woods. And he walks out to the corner, he gets to the gate and he stands there and he starts to see the garbage truck. And we have the feeling that James Woods hopped into back of the garbage truck and was getting chewed up to pieces. And then the two old big cars come down and speak with a big parolea party animals in it. And he here Kate Smith, regardless of America, that is a great scene. What does it mean? We haven't got any idea, but it's a great scene. It's no transpawning. The last thing I want to hear about on the new Roger show is 249 votes already. Sports 63, hockey 47, eating ass 38, eating ass. Spectums already got 38 votes George. It's a quick thing I'll talk about it. More Howard David at 35, music 21, politics 20, movies 13, QAM office politics 10, and religion only a small pair. How do you like that? Oh, right. All the religious nuts have gone elsewhere. Good. Hubman, Dred. 10, 56, it's 5, 60, WQA, and you know summertime and South Florida, the guarantees three things. Heat humidity and hurricanes. Now, you know you can't control the weather, but you can control how you protect your home during hurricane season like right now. The hurricane shutter and window shop provides the very best hurricane protection, with just one easy call to the hurricane shutter window shop. They'll be at your home the next day, with the quote for hurricane shutter's windows and doors, customized and engineered specifically for you in your home. From panels, accordions, roll-up shutters, impact resistant windows and doors, the hurricane shutter window shop will not be at a sort. They'll be any written legitimate quote because when you buy from these people, you find direct on the manufacturer and wholesaler. So call you the hurricane shutter and window shop at 1-800-5301-9-1-1-1. They also offer cash and care if you do yourself handyman. So if you're serious about hurricane protection customized and engineered specifically for you and your home, call the hurricane shutter window shop, 1-800-5301-914. That's 1-800-535-3509409, will be sure to come at dusty oleaneEL, toward you to go. Well dead man. Come on, baby, come play with these cities. Oh my gosh, I can't eat it anymore, man. You're not going to wait in here. Hey, you want something to eat? When you got... Uh, nothing. But I can pull something out of my ass. Nah, Moor. I got it. I'm starting to business. You're no good. Yeah, I'm going to be a hooker. I'm proud of my mum and dad. Thanks, Moor. Oh, yeah. You sure you want something to eat, huh? Oh, I can tell you. Hey, what are you? You're out of two clubs. Oh, no, no, no, no. You're looking up out. You just took a piss to a playbook pill. They're prescription you're more of a... Oh, I got him from my deductor. What the fuck? Knocked up. What's that to you? Oh, look, my parents are moving his shoe. My god, this place is a mess. And my underwear's spun like I'm for Loori. Now, I've got to hear my favorite show, is all. Ah! We got a loser. Ah! That's the... That's the... That's the flip flip flip. Let's laugh. Those doing in this front-west-dinging, Pokemon tells that. Yeah! That's the... Ah, me, fucking. I'd just like to say... I'd love to address you got on there, y'all. Oh, no. Thank you. I know. Oh, hey. That's a free homo. I feel like the woman's mother's free. Hey, Jim. Look. I'm a naked man. You want to keep how handsome I am. Oh, look. You want to remain tall and tall? Look. This is truly a sign of great by highly desirable air, is... A Magnificent man. As can happen, Ray, Payne always is. Hey, Crandy, I've been making things big. Take a look at this air. I'm a alone man. Paul, pegog. Hey, chick. Hand it off, Ray. Thought I was on great... I was on my shows. The sсugaz that you want to see that thing. Oh, James! I was on the radio. I was on the radio. Okay, hello. The night decided to stop by. See how you were doing. That guy died. Oh, this is terrible. You know, the difference between it. Late in the movie scene with Sarah Goldfarb there at the institution. Difference between her and Mo with the same stage as she had better hair. Tuh-ho. Now speaking of Mo, I just can't stop. I'm just transfixed. Maybe I am hypnotized by the new picture we have on our website. But if you look at that, that's the work of Britain's on here. The fact that the head is actually moving around. Yeah. I like the other cut and paste ones with our cute. But this one, that's him. Yeah. Oh, God. It's a beautiful thing. So anyway, did I finally finish talking about how Farella's not going to be doing in the film in this movie? No, but I was told that it's not definite yet. Oh, and I like who told you that, Tuh-ho. When did he tell you this? Recently. Recently like Wayne. Now you were sitting there. You were freaking that your witness. Okay. Yeah. He told me this morning before the show that it's not going to happen. And Yati Adi, Adi, barring some cataclysmic thing that we're going to be apologised if you got the wrong impression. But it's not a done deal. It's just very unlikely that I- Well, why don't we just say it's not going to happen. Okay. Why don't we just do it the way we've always done before? Or we can just say nothing and turn on the radio and something will be on there. Yeah, that's right. Turn it on next Monday morning and 10 and see what that was on. Maybe Perala just keep going. You know he isn't having it all day. But today I must say he must have been on a hurry for something. Because you notice I didn't have to say, see you Scott. I have to like encourage him to leave. Which is fun. I enjoyed doing that. But I didn't have to do that today. So he must have like a hot day or something. Anyway, TBA. Could be announced at a later date. So two in next week. But we think it's going to be George Monday, Wednesday and Friday. And I'll be on two damn Thursday. I'll always probably not a good idea. Now, and especially these last two weeks. Last week in this week a very bad idea. You won't be seeing that happen again next year. So I think it's going to be a good idea. But we'll see the last day that's going to be a good idea. So that's going to be a good idea. I'll be there. I'll be there. You can see the last day. I'll be there. The last day. Especially look at that phone. Is that one call? Might as well get it out of the way. It'll be short. Here's Hollywood. Hello? Yes sir. Neil, hi you know men. Good. Hey, I listened to you since I was about like six and a half years old. No, he's either donkey, donkey, calf and two. Richie Hebner and Chuck Meyer did have a homosexual relationship. I forgot. Jesus Christ Christ Almighty and Hallelujah Holy Jesus Christ Almighty. Hello. Hollywood. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Call us when you get out. He must have just watched the. Reckley, moreover the weekend. The last thing I want to hear about on the New Year Rogers show is Sports 74. We've got enough sports. He's got 20 hours or 16 hours that he would only let it. Mark and Joe. That's right. They're running on three hours now. So three and the other 17 hours a day. So, I'm going to see if it's okay. So, I'll be there. I'm going to be there. I'll be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm not going to be there. I'm going to be there. What's the next day I want to go to the next day? Yes sir. 17 hours a day sports sports sports sports Marlins sports sports Marlins sports I mean come on already with a Marlin with a Marlin dropping's okay Jesus Talkie 55 eating ass 51 you know as how fast eating ass is moving up the list Yeah, there's you have just grossed them out with that eating ass about it a hundred times more often than I have What's that eating ass? I've done shows on eating ass no, but you know the only thing I ever said about I've said two thing Wait a minute. This is very important ston many of those animals and is there a way to build a very Urgent another jump from animal humans right now. Do you think the on coming winter or fall this year? Would have any impact how to help us? He know you stupid bitch are talking about SARS no more SARS by by now in that finish this year now What does that just in you were talking about how it was eating and they have two summers ago That was the extent of my eating ass come the only thing I've ever said about eating asses That I find it disgusting that a grown man like Dwight Loretta will be like picking on a dead woman like an bishop like that That's all I ever said. Oh Something about picking ass and then of course we got to that mob business. So who's really disgusting? I know he was a CDUal fart Moe Howard David had speaking about 37 last thing they want to hear about his moe Music 24 politics 20 and I have a feeling that those 20 are probably people who don't like my political stance In your eyes either people right wing assholes who sound this lunatic this dangerous maniac this religious nutcase that we got in there Nothing like rap Nazis. Yeah nothing more than model Reagan with worst acting and a worse here movie 15 that's not too bad only 5% don't want to hear about the movies We like the movie shows Q-way in office politics only 11. That's one of their favorites and religion only five out of 295 votes A spectaculary spots on our upholded a because the website has got the new What would what name are we gonna give that is that just dancing? Mo sure one out of dancing to work Mo whatever dancing to our dual what or dwarf mo? Who never looked better absolutely and he don't even have on his lime green pants or checkered pants. He's got an at lovely Kind of puce red red isha have the color eyes and birds here that reddish outfit rust brick Uh whatever polybrindle suit you look lovely mo never look better So anyway like I said the schedule to be whatever it'll be how we feel like putting on and that's you know So there's an incentive to an in the sea if we're ever shuts up a tent of clock Well, at least if nothing else you have a nice crossover. Oh sure for like four hours Let me thank George who is that fruit cake there any talent who is having diarrhea all over me We're gonna talk about coos and Quinn I see WQ a N WQ a Screamless line No, now here's the line stays watch keep your your open. I am WQ a M I want to talk to you This is the chronic chronic chronic go away and we got your facts this morning. It's in the Schmidt can okay chronic this another guy changes his name every day Get a life get a life go away 567 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. These people today boys. It's gonna be this way all week and you wait till next week Whoo the hook guy you'll wish that for I was feeling from like 10 to two Monday Wednesday and Friday What do you mean I can I already do? Why is that? Less work same pay Less work and same pay that's our motto a Q I am I'm teaching them well Although I didn't take my own messages here. I should have and I shouldn't be here today I should still be sleeping you know something I can't get back on this thing again because they just won't stop looking at dancing Mo they're obsessed with dancing Mo give poor dancing Mo arrest absolutely 307 votes on here religions only got six So there you go. That's one of your specialities as they say is that an entire religion crap right and I ordered a book from Amazon.com I've very proud to say my first time ever ordered anything from them They're great. They are great They send you back a confirmation within about just a few seconds I heard man and then this morning I got a thing on air. Little bird told us you placed your first order And they give you a bunch of other propaganda, but they're right on top of it Amazon.com And rather than going into about a dozen books through is trying to find this book by the Investigate his staff at the Boston Globe. It's called betrayal crisis in the Catholic Church And I ordered it on there. I'll have it a couple of days right in my box and it is very rare that you will find a better price for anything anywhere else right They'd be go out of their way to find you the best price So what's not to lie right right? W to Q a m whatever the pictures of me and a voice weep it They're gone replaced by the chicken They're replaced by dancing mode. I'll be complaining. Okay. This is got a scuffer for being a boy That's old stuff. Okay. That's from last week. We're trying to put that behind is okay. We can look at the pictures page They're on a pictures page are still there. Well, no, they will be they will be on a pictures page So just put it back in your pants and relax and eventually you'll have more pictures of being a boy to Get you all worked up on what the mugshot pictures as soon as we get those great 560560c no matter what you do how can we possibly have a complaint on the day when we have the new dancing dwarf mode. Oh, they'll find a way. Oh my god. That's such a phenomenal thing That that could be the best thing we had that even better than Mosul. I don't care what anybody said that that's seriously This be the best It's hypnotic. W Q a m So here is number so April and may I'm bigger part No interiors numbers for April and may is rating is there is that a statement or a question? What were his ratings for April and May fill Henry's numbers for April and May how about the George Washington Carver's numbers for 1872 and 1873 and a partridge in a pair of trees. That's the same guy. I I'm going to tell you something sir. We don't want to start a big song at dance with him But we will send Gilbert to your house and Like a little match that can he won't leave. How do you like that? W Q a m line nine. It's always bad news. Hello See a cold answer those is line nine You're gonna have a great summer, George. I'm feeling it now. Can you feel it? Can you slow? I can taste it W Q a m W Q a m hello Sounds like me I listen to you quite often now. I get a first time calling in three I had a question for you Some family members and I would discuss it now Would you happen to know why New York City is called the big apple and I just I know you're a source of information You might have me answer that because it's rotten to the core I I really don't know but somebody will know somebody will call him and tell us Okay great while thanks for your input on that have a great day Victor Okay It's rotten in the core. I we don't know you ever thought about that. Why's called a big apple? No, not really You got the big gohoun of the headhunter the big cheese the big enchilada all of these other cliches Somebody will call it and tell us that probably somebody is from New York and Let's hope that we get that over with early because we don't want to talk to too many New Yorkers Good now especially like which he from Borset Why Richie you really are bad man. You are one of the war. Oh You know, I guess it's just a category of people the sports nerds, you know The overgrown people are walk around with their hurricane outfits on and their little Yankee cats You know, that's fine when you're like a little kid Once you get to be a little bit older That point you grow up you try to grow up and say okay, that was fine like when I go to a ball game I'll put on some paraphernalia, but there was to the time I'll try to be like a real person like an adult you know I'm saying not a QAM 11 13 at five 60 WQM if your mattress is lumpy and saggy and bumpy forget about it Cause it's hurting your back and hurting your health You don't feel good when you get out of bed in the morning and that's why you need to great mattress Where do you do it? You call dial a mattress just like our good friend Moses has done and George has done and Miguel has done I've been doing for years now and you people ought to be doing the same thing Cause it's the easiest piece of shopping I'll ever do no crap no house brands no off-name brands that you never heard of No discontinued sets only the top merchandise in the world dial a mattress sells the best brands you ever heard of Celia's sir the Simmons temper peatic no sales gimmicks no false promises And if you want to spend a few extra bucks They've got high-end vets too like Celia's crown jewel line and top models from every brand of the world all at unbeatable everyday low presses Call 1 800 mattress right now in a TTRES and see what I'd be talking about I want you to call me sure and ask about their corporate exchange policy if you're not completely satisfied with the mattress They've libertated that looks changing with no questions as plus they give your free set up of your great new mattress Free removal of your previous crappy sword betting and you get to choose the date and time for the pitch You schedule nobody in the world is all these things So if you want to get you a great night sleep for years to come guaranteed call my good buddies at telemachers They're the best in the world call toll-free 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TT RES into yourself in your back a big favor or check them out on the web if you like at matris.com Fair Because it's played without a parade. Who can I die? Who knows you? Give me my old star, Gave my wand, It's back now. The space ball in hand of the fixed me. A blue child. How about some blue jay tickets, Everybody want them? 119.5.6WQM. This is a disgusting story, but typical. What we talked about religious nuts before? Easy religious people. All that Armageddon bullshit. Wasting our taxpayer dollars. Frist. Backspan on game marriages. This is just amazing. Yeah, the right wingers are terrified. A scared schmittless after last week's Supreme Court ruling. Striking down those anti-Sottymys laws and Texas and elsewhere. Senate majority leader Bill Frist said yesterday he supported a proposed constitutional amendment to ban homosexual marriage in the United States. Get a Supreme Court ruling got a panicking. Of course here in Canada and other making him crap in their boots. The Tennessee Republican City Supreme Court decision last week on Gave sex threatens to make the American home a place where criminality is condoned. How stupid do you have to be to believe this? How in the end of the hall, how big it is, how full of hate and sickness you have to be? Not only do you believe something like this, but actually Satan, Pumik, about this much. I have this fear that the zone of privacy that we all want protected in our homes is gradually, or I'm concerned about the potential for gradually being encroached upon, where criminal activity would not at home would in some way be condoned Frist to ABC's this week. And I'm thinking of whether it's prostitution or legal commercial drug activity in the home to have the courts come in an exoner privacy and begin to define it gives me some concern. See what he's failing to say is they've already done it. Previously because the Sottymys laws already did that only they said that certain types of behavior were illegal. See that was okay, didn't have a problem with that. In addition to which the Supreme Court ruling has got nothing to do with illegal activity. Ask whether we supported an amendment that would ban any marriage in the US or Sottymys union of a man and woman Frist said, I absolutely do, of course I do, yes yes yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, I very much feel that marriages are sacrament and that sacrament should extend and can't extend it. By the way, you do understand it because the United States recognizes marriages in Canada, that all the facts that are coming up here and getting married, that they have to be recognized in the US, you do understand that. No, that do now, now you do. Anyway Frist. You know, if you take the R out in his name, which you got. I very much feel that marriage is a sacrament that sacrament should extend and can't extend that legal entity of a union between what is traditionally in our Western values has been defined as between a man and a woman's wife's support the amendment. St. Sex marriages are legal in Belgium and Netherlands, Canada's liberal government announced to weeks ago what would in that similar legislation soon in the entire country, representative Marilyn Musgrave, Republican in Colorado, was the main sponsor of the proposal offered May 21 to amend the Constitution, a constitutional amendment. And the proposal says marriage in the US will consist only of union of a man and a woman, neither of this Constitution or the Constitution of any state under state or federal law shall be construed to require that marital status or the legal incidents there are be conferred upon on married couples or groups. The Constitution, the proposal must be approved by two thirds of the House and Senate and ratify by three force of the states. First said yesterday he respects the Supreme Court decision, but feels that justice is overstep their bounds. Generally, I think matter such as Sodomy should be addressed by the state legislatures he said, That's where those decisions with the local norms, the local morays are being able to have their input reflected, and that's where it should be decided on the court. This is a Nazi is what this is, okay? This is a card carrying Nazi. Bill Frist, the Senate majority leader, a good Republican, okay? Can we decide it by the states? Just like the states should decide what they want to discriminate, what does the shiddler blanx blanx vote or go to school? All of these things, or be like, rat be owned. I mean, this is just an amazing, the local norms and the local morays. In other words, if you're given a blow job, if you're giving oral sex to somebody in Florida, that's different than doing it in Washington state of Washington or California, or certainly than in Pennsylvania, that's a cheaper there. Oh, much cheaper. Costs that, man. I mean, it just doesn't think of the, the idiocy of these religious nut cases, which of course he's a prime one of those. These one of the real good ones. Religious nut. Wow, wow, wow, wow, the local norms and local morays. And again, that's that old state's rights thing, which used to be code for segregation, and now it's code for discriminating against facts. Because once you take the fags away from that, what are these people going to have next? Who can be the next state, go George? How about Hispanics? You guys haven't had your turn yet? Well, I'm safe on the Cuban word Republicans, remember? Oh, that's right. Well, Republicans, Hispanics aren't Republicans. Right. And the next group will be atheists and agnostics. Godless heathens. Here is the story from Bob and Boca. Thank you. Bob, why is New York City called the big apple? You ask him, we got it for you. This is by far the most frequently asked questions submitted to our New York history hotline. It says here. In popular folklore, the name is usually traced to early jazz musicians or long-gross sports figures. Often the explanation of the so-called origin of this phrase is accompanied with plausible sounding historical or biographical details, giving it an unmistakable but also totally spurious ring of truth. Because this question continues to excite curiosity, because the real facts are quite well known to Sirius historians, we provide the following authoritative account based on our unique archival sources. It says, The story may disappoint some readers, Truth after all is often less colorful in fiction, but these are the facts, and it goes on for pages and pages, but I'll just read a little bit. In the early years of the 19th century refugees from more torn Europe began arriving in New York in great numbers, many were remnants of the Cremble French aristocracy forced to seek refuge aboard from the abroad from the dread, monceignar, moncericular tigia team. Did you know him? Oh yeah. You had a sharp tongue. Arriving here with our funds, many of these were forces survivors, one contemporary put it by their own wits or worse. A lot of these arriving in late 1803 or 1804 was Madame Wazell, Evelyn Claudine, this son, Everomong. Doctor of the noted career, went in literature and herself a favorite of Marie Antoinette, Evelyn was by all accounts remarkably attracted beautiful vivacious while educated, and was soon a society favorite. For reasons never disclosed over a planned marriage to follow here to John Hamilton, suddenly at Alexander Hamilton, was called off at the last minute. Soon after what support from several highly placed admirers, he established a salon, in fact, a period to have been an elderly furnished board, Dello, and a substantial house that still stands at 142 Bonds Street, then one of New York City's most exclusive residential districts. Evelyn's establishment quickly won in for several decades, maintain a formidable reputation as the most entertaining in the street of the city's many temples of love, a place not only for love-making but also for elegant dinners, high-stakes gambling, and witty conversation. The girls, many of them, fresh rivals from Paris, are London, were noted for their beauty and bearing. More than a few of them apparently were actually able to secure wealthy husbands from among these divisions clientele, when the Yorkers insist on anglicizing her name to Eve, Evelyn apparently found the Bigger Four Revens Holly musing for her part, will refer to the temperatures and her employees my irresistible apples. The young men about town soon got rid of the habit of referring to their emers adventures and having a taste of Eve's apples. This snowing phrase established a speaker is one of the in crowd, and at the same time, it clearly had no need to visit one of the course-restablishments that crowded nearby Mercer Street, for instance. The Enigma de Preference in Philip Hones famous Dary to Ida's sweet-is-appel cider, and he can't her, though, before you were poor and I know. Well, it's only 1838 that the old man has been described as an oblique reference to a visit by what had then become a notorious but cherish civic institution. The rest is they say is Edamal etymological History. Got that? Got it. Ida's sweet-is-appel cider. Ida's spend a week inside her. I mean, right? How did that go out of the spend a week? So there you go. There's the real origin of the big apple it had to do with prostitution and the French and all these things. I can't believe we got that fast. There was like some dice again, Bob and Bokka, you'd be the best. 27 after 11 at 5, 60WQM, if you're in a crappy job, if you just can't make your end meet. If you can't get even like in that ass-task position, here's the answer for it. Call our good friends at Fastrain. If you can afford 10 bucks a month and commit yourself to three nights a week for four months, Fastrain can up you achieve a brand new high paying computer careers. Start making some real bucks. Only $10 a month and three nights a week for just four months for individuals who qualify. So call Fastrain. Get all the information and change your life. Call 1-8-6 Fastrain. With four locations in the area, there's about to be one nearby you. Call Fastrain 1-8-6 Fastrain. You'll talk with a train career counselor who knows how to get you out of that dead end. Fastrain offers you a day evening and weekend schedules. Stop placement hands on training. So call our good pizons at Fastrain today. 1-8-6 Fastrain. Fastrain defer payment is valid for your bigger payments apply thereafter. Whether you're a high school student on summer break, somebody on other underpaid dead end job. Making peanuts are just looking to increase your net worth. Call Fastrain today. You got nothing to lose, but a really crappy job. Call 1-8-6 Fastrain. Or check them out on the web at Fastrain.com. I have a local V6 V5-16. 3-0 your time. I have a QA in. Heart of sucks. Well my name is Gary Condon and I am living my worst beer. It's not the bank one of my interns and I'm finishing my business up here. Oh, shunny works so bad. I'm a chonny company and I was a month and chonny's a month and her is in a my body. Oh, rock. Oh. Oh, ok. Oh, ok. Draftore economic government survey den F printerential and Tren signing got number one with five bullets. He's the best. 398 votes already on a pole. That is a shocker. You know, it's personally considering there ain't nobody around. Look at that phone. Is there anybody on it? Is there anybody in town who doesn't have to know? Oh no. Like I said, George is going to be starting to show at 1134. I was a little under the weather today. You need little practice. You need to break it in. You're, you know, it's been a while now. The last thing I want to hear on the knee or Roger show is, oh, you know what else we should have put on your George. There you go. I thought you were going to do that. Like right now. I wasn't going to do that. That would be just taking retool to shine at you. And why didn't we do it because I forgot. Oh, well, they enjoyed doing that. Sure. They did. It's like a nice outlet for those people who hate you like poison. There aren't that many of them. You would think, hey, be in a boy. I think we should have done that on there. Last thing I want to hear is George. I've done enough to George in the last week. No, no, no, no, no, no. See, if you're going to like start wimpin out, set that all aside. This is a radio show now. Okay. The fact that you made his the fact that you made his life a living hell and that his puke and his guts out and sick is a dog that ain't got 16 different colors, mucus coming from every orifice in his body. I mean, that is your fault. But that's not the question. The video. Okay. Yeah. Let's put that on there, Eric. The last thing I want to hear on the knee, Roger show is George. Why not? Why not? Give him a whole week to get all booked up to a frenzy. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the 80. We don't have one person with any comment about once the time in America and that's because they haven't seen once upon a time in America. It's especially the new one. We had two calls on at 28 days later and they said later, they said it sucks. It blows. One guy actually got up and walked out of whistle, but after just a few minutes, he said he couldn't take no mole. No more calls about that. No calls on Katherine Hepburn and you want to know why because most of all of these things even who the hell I was. You think that anybody under 40 has any idea who Katherine Hepburn was? You mean outside of that bit you played earlier? What do you mean by that? The Katherine Hepburn and Jimmy Stewart. Yeah. Well, and they know who Jimmy Stewart was, even if they're like, uh, Bob Bird man. Oh, maybe not. I don't know. You think that 20 year old people know who Jimmy Stewart was? Well, because of that movie. That Christmasthing showed every five times. She's a wonderful life. But Kate Hepburn, she wasn't anything that younger people watch. I'm golden pond. Oh, like you said. Get out of here. I'm golden pond. It was a far more than 10. We find it was 110 in that movie. You kid me. Even Jane wouldn't go see it. I'm golden. What about the African queen? What about him? Oh, you know it. Yeah. It's on a mattress. She was in the African queen. I forgot. I know Humphrey Bogart was in the African queen. Right. And I don't know those movies are so old and stay. Yeah. There's someone else old movies. They're still great. Like K9 mutely. That's that's great. That whole liver age. And again, nobody in this audience, I would say 95% of the audience never saw it and doesn't even know what hell it is. It's good and spider pumpry. It's the Greg Reed story. Looking for the strawberries. She wants to know who I the strawberries. He's a you know, Roland is balls in his hand. Kind of like Mo. Rollin is giblets. It's a great movie. But nobody has any idea what it is. He doesn't lie. And of course, you do. I don't know why. Because it was good. Yeah, but why would you have encountered it? Why would you have seen it? Because once upon a time before cable. Remember those days? No. Yes, I do. Remember how he do any Mr. I remember it's a little kid when I used to go down the street every day because we didn't have our TV said yet. And there was a little girl down the street and her parents had the first TV said in the hood. And every afternoon, I think it was five or five 30. I would go down there. Just like clockwork and sit down with his little punky girl. And we would watch how he do the right Well on Saturday on channel six as a child Especially if it was really hot or raining which was any given Saturday you had no choice but like after Tarzan Round noonish Yeah, nothing but old movies on on Saturday afternoon on channel six. So you were a captive audience because all the other channels had Did they have savvy Indian boy? How you better believe it every other week practically every other channel had some swaps It was a foreshadow for Saturdays in Hawaii. He turned out to be a drunk. Did he? No, yeah, yeah. He blew my money. He made two movies blew all his money on liquor and women I'll be there because he was an actual like from the boom docks Indian boy that they found to under an elephant or something and gave him a job and he blew it all and drank and saw the death or something like that But every one of the movies on every one of the stories of all these Hollywood people got so many people in this audience right now jealous they wish they had all the fame and the money in the notoriety and all the women and all the whatever and to me time Almost every story ends in tragedy whether it's Robert Blake whether it's the three stuages absolutely Up until yesterday. I never knew the name of the guy that operated the Delhi and had the head of the club Back during prohibition the Delhi and the club in the once upon a time in America And his name was fat mo mo I never knew that you know they're right here the real Jewish looking Charabic Guruji and I I get the feeling There's a scene. I guess they showed this because it's kind of like momentum. It's like all out of joint the scenes are different And there's a scene where Robert and Ero comes back noodles, you know and he comes back and he calls him from the phone booth across from the Delhi The old hangout and he tells them that he's there and he's coming in so he kicks out the last customers and then there is There's something that you really can't tell if it's a guy or it's like a trend. It's definitely not a woman You know what I'm saying? It's either a guy or something in between and mo has fat mo has kicked everybody else Because you know his noodles is coming back in but he's got this one character with the table and he takes some money and rolls it up in its hand and wishes it a good night and sends it out the door Well, I should get you get the feeling because we never see fat mo with any woman in the store And of course everybody else in the group is just banging their brains out So you get to feed that mob might be a little you know one of those one of us me one of mine Jewish what a little Jewish like right a friend Dave 5 6 7 0 5 60 boys gonna be a brutal summer George. I don't want to get you nervous around like that You might want to consider a very serious illness right now I'm gonna be something I'm working on that one until noon. Well just talk to be in a borehill help you out After miserable attempts at comedy and being a nice guy shortening is back as the refrigerator Please maggots, now what you don't do about it you big you exactly What's the society enough people who else are you gonna 32? Oh hell You're gonna go away. I can't help you. Oh, yeah, try this. I'm coming sour. Come Eyes Archie the forces of people shortening her again She has a 16 till noon at five 60 W to come Katherine Hepburns that she was 96 and I think she was overrated Yeah I'm just expressing that opinion. That's supposed to say that when somebody I just think she was over She was you know, she was okay. She had a lot of stuff and she was uh, you know, she was okay. She was coming from the right place Just like Spencer Tracy. I think he was highly overrated. He was always the same. He was always the same He was always Spencer Tracy In fact a Spencer Tracy and guess who's coming to dinner every movie that I've resized him and including Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Dr. Jika and Mr. Dave Hyde Well was the same How many times have I said that this year? And I'll say it again. Always the same I mean a great actor somebody like Marlon Brando for example Was he the same in the godfather as he was and say on a waterfront? No, of course not He took really two movies. He was ever the same in was the one with the Matthew Bradwick and that was because that was a spoof of a godfather. What was name of that? the first first first ah Boy you see when you least expected boys Georgia's under the weather so he's a little bit beyond of course beiner boy. He's had an incredibly stressful a couple of weeks here Which that definitely is coming to an end very soon like at this moment That's what inspired me to boy think I think an active genius came out of him to the way we got that dancing dwarf mole on there I'm I would this lack of calls here. They I'm just tempted to sit here and stare at that and laugh the whole rest of the show Although you notice how well we've done this it's almost new now ready right? Have any of you say how many calls have we entered a day about three or four? All right, maybe one or two real one. It's only seen like five hours since I said no it has not it's gone by tremendously fast 437 votes on the polls so somebody's out there somebody's out there great on let me just say this I don't want to like start start sound like bush boss, but I think Seriously, I think that the way we've been jerked around here last couple of weeks with all the respect to for real and anybody else This isn't some kind of a game this show this show has been like the centerpiece on this radio station for five and a half years We finally got our time back so we thank for ralph for that and whoever made the decision But we we've been doing things how many years now And we've done it all five years or do we do best of the first year? I think the very first year I've had you do the summer, right? I think it was best of this first year, but I forget it's been four years Okay, this will be over four years. We've done and granted George has got his the tractors out there including me by You know, but the fact that a matter is we've done pretty damn well in the summertime and it's you know a low budget operation He makes basically to send crappy money then he does the rest of the year and the life goes on is nobody in town anyway But I think that to keep yank at our chain and duck comes in here woman and it tells me one thing and then he comes in here Where I'm on a year in the middle of the show and tells you another we're not playing that game anymore, okay? We're not doing that We're not we're not I'm not I'm not tolerating that crap in other words It's a week before you start on that day and if they haven't got their act together and addition of which what's the reason for that? Well, well, what's the point in that you know Like you don't know it was all based on somebody else sticking their nose in where it doesn't belong and like injecting themselves We don't need any injection. Okay. Well the both continue just fine And if you do a little bit of a crossover there, we'd like we've been doing that's great. That's that's all we need We can handle it Kind of like when Mo came in the the picture which was a sad say I apologize. I hate to use that analogy, but There were things that were said Oh, what did he ever have to talk about before I came along and as if somehow until Mo Howard David It was inflicted on this radio station all the other 26 years I didn't market before then I must never have any material Right thing to talk about because that's all he talks about his more Howard David it. What's good? You understand? Yeah, you're right Am I right absolutely thanks, Mo It's the same thing. Well we'll get by You know, it's like the old toe in and one toe out you know in my in the closet my out of a closet in my disson my dad How are that we're gonna proceed the way we always proceed on the show? Jesus God all might well, it's still out of the idea. I just I've just am worn out on that whole equivocating Cractic was on under radio station the only thing that I've ever seen the Mac fast Was this thing when I put for a while on 8 to 10 and got me back tended to and I'm glad because they might have changed their mind That's the only time I've ever seen the Mac swiftly But generally everything else is this long drawn out convoluted process and it depends on how Greg felt when he got out of bed this morning and how many BM how many BM big beans he had for dinner over the weekend and how many Little green men they found crawling around inside the second parts And enough for that you know, we're just gonna proceed Georgia beyond starting next week Monday Wednesday and Friday I'll be doing Tuesday and Thursday July most of August Just like we have last couple years and life will go on period that's it That's the fact that's a statement of fact. It's not negotiable. It's not gonna change that's it, muff Like it or lump it, okay, and don't come back to me again tomorrow morning So wow, they had another meeting and I forget about it. Let them have other meetings Having to do with other shows on a radio station not with this one They're using us as like like a play toy. Do you see what I'm saying? Yeah, and screw on I mean we don't I don't want to be given away Marlon tickets on the show fall my drift. I don't want to be doing that Don't make you wait Marlon ticket line. Hello Yes, sir. I'm just gonna on the radio Happy Monday back to you Okay, good one what a good one Huh Have a good part and he let that out of the bag The last thing I'd last thing I want to hear about him in the garage your show is we got 452 votes sports 109 Eating ass has moved up into second place George 88 hockey 78 more Howard David at 54 music 32 Politics 29 as the Mohour David is like almost 12 percent everything else is under 10 percent if it's under 10 percent I'm assuming you need to bed politics 29 Movies only 25 that's only five and a half percent religion 16 Qm inter office politics 13 and George has already got eight you want to be down there about a few seconds You got eight votes wait till I get home Gonna beat up your wife just out of frustration. I'm gonna creep the pole. Oh for me Now you see the result on his move on dot org thing no you were teasing about that. Oh, why it's almost no I haven't even done this yet see I'm holding back to this Because with a tremendous quality of calls we have here today. I know what they'll I'm doing here. I know what's going on Let me say it again. I'll tell Greg the bug out. Okay, we're we don't have a problem here We're doing this fine now that we got our 10 to two back and we got to lead in that's all we want Don't be starting to like stick other testicles and tenicles into the program George will handle it just great well In his own way Right of this handle it It's fine Drop the ball bouncing around a couple of times that lucky they'll think it's a sports show So anyway move on dot org we had that make believe primary now we'll say this They chose the same week that Howard Dean officially announces can't as see earlier in the week and also number two of the move on Organizes of this outfit are big Howard Dean supporters, so there is a slant but I thought the result was pretty interesting in little over 48 hours 317,647 members voted making the vote larger than both the new Hampshire Democratic Primer and I will caucuses combined So it does have some significance, okay over 317,000 votes a former for my governor Howard Dean 43.80% 139,000 votes 44% Dennis Cassinage 24% with a bad herpes, but with a good mouth and a good mind John Kerry 15.73% You following these numbers? Kerry was third fourth was Edward John Edwards from your friends in Carolina 3.19% not much I mean with small potatoes after a Kerry After that our Dick Abhart 2.44% Mr. Personality Our own Bobby Graham only had 2.24% 71 13 and 2 of those votes were ours Right Carol mostly brawn 2.21% so he just barely beat her out and she he who'd up and she even lost her lesson in the reelection of the Senate Some of the good news Jewelry Bremen had only 1.92% And Al Sharpton 0.53% Are you ready for that? That's better some some some sports station ratings Yeah, like you mean oh the big-o I'm just saying in Jewelry Bremen had only 6,95 votes 1.92% and yet it's spite of that all these people Wow Joe Leaverman's one of the firmer and he's not No, he's not he's had effected he's as far to the right as this administration and he's had effected his north and ox Jew that nobody in and on that case and a hawk other than that nobody likes him anyway But poor Bobby Graham see Bob Graham isn't known out of Florida out of the south in fact he may not even be known just even out of the state much less the south Well, at the day of shining yeah, it's a damn shame because we voted for him on and also he's a very bad speaker I mean, you know, I mean, I'm not taking anything away from him. I've just tell you the way it is General Wesley Clark didn't have any votes, but I did put over the weekend on our website a story to pass by that one Buck job about how Clinton says that Clark a make a good present Aren't your proud of me? Quite just to pass by because if you could have seen how gritty was on meet the press couple weeks ago You'd have been very impressed butcher 567.0560 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I hope some of our people voted on that thing I move on that or probably a bunch of Too many WQAM Yeah, I want to go with you. I beg your pardon Want to get on with you? You're on right now sir, how are you? What's that? That's the right one. Oh, I'm good. I'm good. I just wanted to see if I could add something to the list Yeah, I was hoping I can't believe it as the mentioned yet, but it has a launching I want to hear on your show is callers my god they're horrendous It's like a Terrible terrible insult to the intelligence of you and everything you talk to that is correct I just can't believe it as mentioned yet. That's about all I got We're gonna we're gonna add it just in your honor sir because you're absolutely correct. Thank you very much Hey, no problem. Have a good day buddy You too. See now he was an exception because he cited our ticket and writing he didn't call to have a conversation or be one of those wise guys He just called him making an observant point and he's right. Let's put that on there right away Eric callers See this is a list that could be added to his no problem with that. Nope. We had it on your name just to give a chance to take a cheap shot with stay enjoyed tremendously especially when you run a bud end Good thing you're not a hockey player you get a lot of buttons. I'll guarantee that I play roller hockey Good thing you don't hang out with parents like you're in tea. I don't get a button every time you turn around He be on all fours. I've protected gear just for that Clarence So anyway be near bar when you went on the hallway before what was parents listening to He actually had the radio off because stuff was in there, but yeah as I walked out he turned it on and it was your show Get out of here Clarence is listening to the show just in case monitoring just in case we bring them out of the closet today today Well listen we just had a big gate pride weekend Clarence wants to make an official That's there in fact. I was sworn I saw his twin on young street yesterday and they have big parade With a big bow on his naval big pink bow was a lovely thing And actually if you look at those pictures remember him into the go and I was talking about dancing dwarf mo the other pictures on here Like like the mow wrapping me his and it's not really very good cut out. I must say it. No, it's amusing It's great he's very energetic, but if you the one picture that mo looks most realistic besides dancing dwarf mow Is the one of Clarence and the beast right am I right the heads actually look like they're on a body Now that might have been the beast about hundred pounds ago Right, yeah, and if you feel work out lovely and girlish Clarence looks in that picture. I'm talking he looks just like he's gonna float away any second And you know what they say about those sports nerds. I'm the guy the jacks nippers. No, but you know 1157 at five 60 WKM. We got the fourth. Did you like coming up this week Friday? It is Friday and yeah, this Friday like I said and I'm on this birthday on the Saturday. It'll be 90 That's pretty old. You know barbecue's glory carries the biggest range of Weber grill's no accessories for the fourth Did you lie or any day and the whole long long long hot summer in South Florida starting with the Weber smokey geoportable charcoal grill for under 28 bucks Perfect grill for any picnic you may be having nobody can be barbecue's glory's incredible amazing selection of top quality grills at barbecue's Glur they carry a spectacular line of grills including Weber Viking Jenner, Brillmate and they also carry a lot of grills exclusively made for them that you won't find no place else Like turbo barbecue chef cook on a captain cook and all of them at the guaranteed lowest prices anywhere right now at barbecue's glory take advantage of no payment same as cash financing until January 2004 on a proof credit this week and the especially beat four Friday take on the amazing three burner cook on grill A barbecue's glory exclusive this one comes with a host of great features normally only found on much more expensive grills Like 42,000 powerful BTU is porcelain coated cast iron burners and cooking grills in a generous 625 square inch cooking area you will not find another grill like it for the price It's not only 349 bucks and only at barbecue's glory perfect for that July 4th and any day cook out Don't forget this is spectacular store their nice friendly people They'll give you all the advice information you're looking for and whatever you need in a barbecue in line I guarantee they got it waiting for you barbecue's glory America's best barbecue store with stores in plantation On university drive any prestigious fountain shopping center call nine five four four two three fourteen hundred Four two three fourteen hundred and crawl springs on a corner sample in rock island roads call them there at nine five four seven five seven 6668 seven five seven sixty six see it if you still been dragging your feet about getting all your barbecue supplies Fourth of July's come up this weekend so make an immediate pit stop at barbecue's galore Oh I'm banging the butt honey okay very man alone He's had a turn of hits but none is painful as the one he took when he walked into a wall and broke his nose And now very singing about it in his brand new CD Can't smell without you with fractured versions of berries hits like Coca-vanna But man And now it's the size of her fan As well as a re-nastered in really nasally version of Mandy recorded at the moment of impact But that's not all very mammals can't snow without you is swollen with hits you nose and love like I break the shnuzz I made it through the pain looks like I broke it and a title track with Very straight bar cook you know Fucking hidden that works there's salivating operation our ringing freedom let's hear it I can see it now can't you oh? Yeah, so I get a pictures of the eye atola the big schmoth ahead there Everything crumbling around them Are you checking a number of votes we have on his website today boner boy? Kick an ass 599 no car cars has been up there for a while and no of votes for you So while I understand the plea from that last caller who was very very accurate in his comments I the audience we have a large segment of our audience they like bubbleheads, okay? That's why we try to give everybody a little something the call is on the show are an embarrassment to the human race, but you know So wait goes I pay chance to same but then we take calls and out with the rest of here reading those very articulate bedtime stories for four hours or not and then all I get is a bunch of crap for it anyway Periodicals on all and you know when else we didn't have check Very good we never had any spy report on jick is performance Friday night When he filled in for any kick again you think how many people do you think we're listening after the game That by the way was the 25 to 7 game or whatever the final score was that that one Boston 25 in a Marlon 7 and they would have lost all three of them if I'd come back in a second game But they gave up 45 runs and three games against a real team. I just mentioned that in passing For my good friend Scott for real who's a Marlon intensive. I heal I'm sure that after a few months He'll cure himself of that right It'll happen 509 votes the last thing I want to hear oh look at the way George is moving up there, beiner He is moving up that list. I'm proud of you You're zooming up there just wait The last thing I want to see we should refraise the last thing I want to hear or hear about on the near Roger show is Which is it? Whatever. Let's refraise the question just a little bit there Eric if you have time thanks again to our close personal friend Eric We're bringing on the start over the weekend because we had some issues. Thank you, Eric My god that just didn't sound real sincere. I want you to say that again. We're a little bit more enthusiasm Eric, thank you very much. Thank you very much for bailing his hands out over the weekend since Being your boy had some final issues there before straightening his life out and getting him back on track or yeah back on the tracks Shmuck The last thing I want to hear about here or hear about on the near Roger show is sports 120 you're following that clarit. They're sports out they've had it when you're goddamn sports up stuff to there were ears Oh, they've had it they can't stand it What do you think is it gonna be the ACC? They're gonna stay in the big ease Why don't you have a question if you have a tag who gives a flying figure okay Give me what no, no, that's what you were thinking. What's your name on passion cus? Is that Ra Kate? K yeah, whatever. She got Kate. K Poss OK. Have you ever seen a flying fig? Yes, as a matter of fact. I think there was one in most of them. That's what he was reaching in there to grab they keep flying in there they keep zooming in there He keeps trying to yank him out The last thing I want to hear about later Roger show is sports 120 we will never talk about sports on his show eating ass is moved in the second place and may Just pass sports momentarily, which I guess I just kind of a sport when you say It depends on how you look at it. Yeah, depending on how you look at some people at the career depends on how you look at it eating ass 100 hockey 89 That is a sport and my favorite and even for relevance is his favorite But he doesn't talk about it too much because he's already learned that you people don't care plus it's a middle of the summer And of course, there's not gonna be any season after this one so well, what's the point? And they're not resigning any players with big bucks because they know there's not gonna be a season next year More Howard David at 57 10.9 percent Maybe we got to stop picking on more. What do you think now? Or maybe at least put his uh we're not gonna put your home address on a website Mo just relax. We would never do anything that grotesque. We might write it on some tea room walls though in the appropriate places in fact well Music 33 Now that's not too bad, you know what? Because I thought that they hated my music. I thought this audience generally speaking because I'm an old fart Nied mid at 035 which is one up as I said it I'm an old fart and I would like to music of the 50 60s and 70s and last the 20 30 years there haven't been too much It's crap especially rap is garbage It is grossed Kate Hepburn. She had various health problems in later years including hip replacement surgery and tremors She had tremors. I never noticed that didn't you? Yeah Music 35 politics 31 only 5.8 percent. They want us to keep bashing bush and we're gonna continue doing that No matter what the numbers on here show we will continue being one of the few shows in his demand kind to tell All like it is about these Nazis who stole your government movie sturdy How many? Towards 27 you have moved from nowhere to 27 in fact you're only eight votes away from a fifth place at the moment And zooming up the list Religion 18 now that came from zero 18 off of fast that may must be some of them right wing a Bible thumbing assholes Maybe Dennis voted a few times Oh, that's right. I forgot he does want here about religion because that would include all his child molesting priest all those priesters That you made up. Q a m off that I just keep by inventing Q a m off is politics 15 that's second to last and I we got three for the callers Oh, I want here callers. They can't stand it Our callers are great. Here's one online nine which is always guaranteed WQAM There he is yeah You know something I said I just realized that's the same guy Yeah, no, no, you know, you know how I'm talking about that's the same guy is the chronic spartra. That's the same guy That is the chronic spartra guy right But I knew realize he was also the whispering guy that's him So you see you've been it's always nice to know that because you know it's How you know damn well. This has got to be isn't this the same person here the one you just facts me The keeps changing names I don't from Chris to Tony it's just love your show recently new from day to Cape Coral Otherwise known as the home of the newlywed and nearly dead Now this is somebody different I listen to you Scott Mad Dog and the hammer-fight internet The receptionist flawless and Cape Oral it's better than the radio when I lived in Miami. I'm sure that because you don't have all those high tension wires Not that crap If you're in Miami you got here QM like to a strainer You have to strain to hear it my thoughts on how are David it? Yuck. It says why you care? Yuck I'd rather watch me and they sitting in this sun mold in a and I see this should be your camera I'd rather watch me in a sitting in the sun molding than eat it and eat it the listen to him It is boy to a good girl Deluxe the man is a tumor with a voice. So that's interesting tumor with a voice Maybe he's a back home with a voice Keep racking on a meal-sgrade fun regards M in Cape Coral. Thank you very much M in Cape Corals have a wonderful day and a great holiday The votes are pouring in and the polls everything is just hunky dory. See now if you're one of those people very emotional high-struck You'd say oh gee the food. I mean there are a lot of people calling right now screenless, but I'm not taking him so I'm good ready Just remember what I told you the phone means absolutely nothing Yeah, but but what about that? And so loosely Positively WQAM Example line yes, sir. Yeah, me. I called you a couple years ago. Whatever happened to Steve's pizza What do you mean by that? Remember I we had a mind we had a conversation about that. Well, what does that mean whatever happened to Steve's pizza Are they out of business? I don't know whatever happens Well, we'll we'll dig into that for his sony. Okay. We'll check it out That's about that wasn't a good example No, I would know that was actually one of our better calls today Top 10 top 10 absolutely sure he was pretty good Well, what's wrong with you? What was wrong with that guy? He wants to know what happened to Steve's pizza was a good place It was on this came there by about 120 fifth or whatever Remember it? No I was never from Steve it was next to the old Pumpernics that was on a corner there across from that scam a Diplase I had there for a few months a landmark thanks again Paul light by the way for setting me up in that focus business that was very embarrassing many many years ago It was a long time ago almost About 30 years ago I mean you when you go into a diet place and you see a big fact guy. Well, I don't want to get into that Isn't that a shame that we don't have pity? Let me to kick around anymore. Oh, he just makes my skin crawl that guy. What do you mean? Oh, and you know something? What I better not say I'll tell you off the year. Okay. Oh, but that's spot to do this Yeah, for my me to tell you one of these like tomorrow morning all right 12 13 at 5 60 WQM. Hey, if you're in a really dead end job like maybe radio sales Maybe colleges just to a expense if you don't have four years to sit back and wait to try to get you an education to get a real job But if you can afford 10 bucks a month and commit yourself to three nights a week for four months Fast train can up you achieve your new high paying computer career that is absolutely correct Only 10 bucks a month and three nights a week for just four months for individuals are qualified and you can say bye-bye Do you that end job and at crap ol bossierers and get you a real paycheck and a real career and a real life Call one eight six fast train with four locations all over town is bottom to be one nearby you Call them at one eight six back to six fast train you got it and speak with the train career counselor Fast train offers day evening and weekend schedules job placement hands on training So pick up that instrument stick your finger deep inside of it and call fast train toll free One eight six six fast train They're deferred PIMPT is valid for your regular payments apply their after So whether you're a high school student on summer break somebody in a miserable underpaid dead-end job working for just Misurable wages are just looking at what Chris you're not worth a wine to get a real life Call fast train today. They'll give you all the info with no obligation one eight six six fast train or check them out on the web fast train dot com you you Pretty bad What did all my kids Oh, you guys, you made him the... Oh, gay guys got your back. Remember a mask? Cause that's where we're looking for love. It's where you're cracked back. To finish hell by me and say, gee, I got love's facial hair, then a levee. So make fun, don't poke your nose, that the queer cake boy lifestyle like Joe. So if your gay jokes start being final, because you might get a taste of homosexual violence. We don't play your butt, my chariot like a dog in a territory. I don't anymore, dead. But when you face with a rabyan bomb, we're just lying in the park. Everyone on your hand, go on. For the F-A-G, the F-R. It goes your forgetting. Really all, kind of hard to swallow. Let me see, I just pranked with me, just pranked with me, now slide. Ooh, right there. I'm gonna see you do some waste of anxiety. Oh, perfect. I'm gonna trick him. That's a baby, just, ooh, I'm gonna. Whoa, now look at your lens dead. Oh, I gotta wet this off. Oh, the F-A-G. Oh, the shape of this everywhere. Joe, don't say you're fair. The thing is, when you have a moist towel on, the F-R-G-A-G. Okay, love us, because it's crap out. You're no, you need a girl. That's right, we're here, we're queer, we're checking out your rear, so beware, Bill Fist. F-A-F-A-T-N-5-60-W-U-A-M. We're gonna have to find a new scapegoat. This is gonna require a lot of changing a stationary and rewriting letterhead and all kinds of stuff, you know? Too bad. 563 votes on his pool and George is moving miraculously up the list. He's past movies. He's past politics. He's past music. And now he's in the fifth place with 36 votes. We've got a long way to go to catch Mo. No problem. Confidence is high. The George can catch Mo. The last thing I wanna hear or hear about on the New Year Roger show could be movie talk game. Oh, rock, they like that today. They're in a different mood today. On the back, it says the review David Meyer in New York Times, which this is 84, this is 19 years ago. Maybe the definitive gangster picture really equal. See, I don't look upon this as a gangster picture. Right. Godfather, good fellows. Huh? Right. A lot of those were in Nebraska. Right. Those were gangster pictures. This to me is more like autobiographical. This is the story of these people. Now the fact that they happen to be gangster is that's how they made their living. Right. That of course is the, you know, that's the core of the movie. But to me, that's not how I look upon this movie. I just, I never thought that this is a gangster movie per se. Right. It's a story about a bunch of friends who bonded together as kids. And then went through life, you know, and kind of wanted to part for whatever reason. And then like eventually came to an end. Not necessarily a good one. That's the way I look at it. Anybody disagree? Nope. Too bad. Did the beer go see this movie? Once upon a time in America. Yes. Yeah. Well, what do you say like that for? No, because I have more like a, of course. But you also saw kids in another bully. What? Well, he bully. Don't see bully by the way, all your people out there. I know what happened in Western. I know it wasn't Western back then. It was called West Hollywood or whatever. It sucks. It's a bad movie, bad acting. It's gratuitous stupid violence and don't see it. It's a piece of crap. Don't see bully. Come in to QAN. Yeah. Hi. I just really wanted to change my vote. I was a fool. And I voted for sports. And I desperately want to vote for callers. Now, I don't know what the options are. And I think it's changed. Yeah. It's a killer. And I just can't stand it. It's about to drive me nuts. I'm sure you guys too. But last thought. Love George. I think he's great. I'm excited to see him this. Are here in the summer. Wow. And thanks a lot. God bless you, man. Thank you. Best bomber. We've ever had on this show. Thank you so much. That was the best suck job. Wow. Squirt's quality. That's how. That was great. He did both of us at the same time in just a few seconds. Thank you. Thank you so much. That was good. That was good. Because most of the people I just want to use. This is an opportunity. Is a. As a release for their ventom. Is that illiterate asshole? What's it? It's for itsl. They're ventom. VE and TIM. Smuck. But this guy is right. The college generally speaking. Oh, you got to bring in C-Span. A couple of your colors. You got to bring. I mean. And my son kind of a moron. I may be stupid, but I'm not that stupid. That on national TV. I'm going to embarrass myself. Bring in some highfalutin. Hot shot from the national media. Into the. But it. Come. And then can you imagine if you actually announced that C-Span was in their taping. Oh, yeah. Then we really get some beauties. Then we'd have the guy with the eyes. We'd have that one that miss fit. We'd have them all. Right. Just venting over to show their ass to the world on C-Span. Come. See in it. We're going to tell you how they could hang it out. But that's okay. Because the checks were real nicely by the way. Thanks again. Pairons to show up on the 25th letter. But it was. Pairons is the best. A little suggestion for being a boy since you've been going through these very traumatic times. It will be a real good idea to get to make like a note right on your wrist. Like in Momento. Where did on your wrist get in that time sheet? Maybe even put the dates in there. They're like the dead like a wall time sheet. It's on the wall. It's been posted up right behind me. Well, well, put a thing on your wrist and check the wall. For time sheet. For time sheet. Reminder. Yeah. Take a look at the wall. And we're not talking about pink Floyd either. Okay. Pink Floyd. Who the hell is that? 567. 560. 560. On the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. We got Dancendorf Mo on our website today. It's a thing that will just keep you. And listen, I wanted to do this. If you get like hypnotized during trans by that, we will take no responsibility for it. Right. Don't look at it while you're driving. What was it? Was it the prisoner? Were they had a thing like that? Maybe it wasn't. I don't know. You know what I'm talking about? Right. The big swirly. Right. And I'm talking about the number six. Who's number two? When you go take a number one and two. I always get my numbers confused. Well, when I get to number three, then I really start screaming real bad. I don't only can I remember what it is, but I'm not sure I can do it. 11. 12. 12. Oh, I don't do that. Oh, you see this? It's 12. 30 already. Managed it to hand it for ball game again. That crab brave's in a marons. It really is amazing to me that Mo is going to the ball game. The ball game tonight because he's at land of Braves. They're going to that would be like my go to a Panther game because the Leafs were in Tom Plant. See what I'm saying? I score on Mo. Right? Absolutely. Sure. I support him on that. He admits he likes to braves. He's a firm running phony. And so he's going there. If he's not to see the marons, he's going to just if you're rooting for his team. And like I said, that would be his poor taste is my go to a Panther game and rooting for the my Toronto Maple Leafs to beat the crab out of the Panthers. Very, very poor style. 26 past noon at 5 60 W to QL. I don't have to tell you if the end of June. And don't forget is you're watching one of those. It's got like the you've got to move it ahead for the 31st. Yeah. You're on talking about the time change thing. Yeah. Mine is, but Carlos is not Carlos. What do you mean by that? It's satellite self adjusting. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Carlos has a satellite self adjusting watch that I bought for him so that he would never be late for anything. But that was months ago. And must be working really well. You've got to look at it first. Yeah. I see. I don't want to look at it. I hear it's kind of like angle like a J. Hurricane season is here before storm hits you put up shutters to produce. See there should be a cometer. You know what I'm saying? Who wrote this copy? It's an awful awful glaring error. Before a storm hits comon. Can I start this over again, please? I feel so good. No, because these people are paying a lot of money and the people are right to copy and add building. I want to mention like add or anybody. They don't even look at this stuff. They just hand you sheet of paper. What about your words on it? You want to like give the emphasis in a right spot. Don't you sure went out. Got all mighty R sales department blows. Let me say it again. We all know that hurricane season is here. It is the 31st of June. That's what it says on my watch right now. Before a storm hits you put up shutters to protect the windows and doors of your home. But what about the roof of your house, baby? The Somai paint factory makes roof master. A roof coating that can help you hurricane proof your roof. Somai's roof master saved hundreds and hundreds of roof during hurricane Andrew. While unprotected roofs were peeling off and flying away right on down the old Hershey highway. Somai's also got water proof coatings for every kind of roof ever invented. So called the Somai paint factory at 305-633-3333. The Somai paint factory is the oldest quality paint water proof coating manufacturer in the entire state of Florida. Somai will save you money because they eliminate the middle man markups. They sell to everybody wholesale prices that are 60% lower than what you pay for the same national brands and retail stores. So protect your home your property from South Florida's brutal, tropical climate with the best paints and water proof coatings ever invented at the best prices too. Call the Somai SOMAY Somai paint factory 305-633333 or check them out on the web at Somai.com. You save yourself a Schmidt lot of money when you buy directly from the Somai paint factory. For sure, some old Nealturnity call 303 or 563-633333. And low call. This is 405-633. The same. The same. The same. The same. The same. The same. The same. The same. The same. A lot of put the types of gait. This is not the way. Here. How it started. I don't know. What? A long two crystal flow. And nothing like the boys round who. With this thing, without a way. Just this thing. Just this thing. Yeah, for Mother's, it's great. Yeah, this thing. This thing. This is the battle waiting. Fall away. Spread wide. Slide in. Slide out. Watch the movie. Well, the two of us, the Russian round. Yes, this is the battle waiting. Best in the latest thing. But get yourself a battle waiting. Oh, thank you. Well, help avoid your pain. Best in the round. No way. Let's up the people she'd like. And don't you make even fun. Do the white and head reach high. Best in the round. No way. Yeah, best in, best in the round. Yes, thank you. Yep. Robot is in the red cage. Yes, best in the round. Best in the round. Let's go. First, let a case of high will set it up. The set up majority of your bill fist. Watch the movie. Check it out. 1233 at 5. 60, so many passes and says, free all the odd hbodomar at 615 you'll be talking about movies and religion while you're only one problem with that is do I get hbodomar? No no hbodomar? Really? No with all those great channels you get that's the one you got. As a matter of fact it's interesting that I should get this fact because they're proposing bringing in a whole bunch of more American channels. Right, and the reason they want to do that is to discourage the pirates here who have like direct TV satellites which are not supposed to have. So they can get that crap. They're proposing an app but that's like down in a row if it ever happened. I don't really need hbodomar. We're all these other great channels I get here. Nothing I want to rub it in again. I know that you don't get me'll never see. Amateur and professional short fails. What are you doing? I'm making it for that video. That's a movie. That's a real. I'm being. Good. That's the style. What to co. Bruce Lee's secret. Now can you explain something to me? Cause you're like that crap. Okay. Why do people watch that? Oh, they must be a do-when-have-e-do-do-do. They have these periods of time where they go through all these kung-fu movies. The martial arts stuff. Yeah, it's mostly a youth thing. Why? Because it's fighting. I'm put the acting is so awful. And of course the heart of the comedy. The dubbing English voices are so, so bad. That's why it's on the drive and movie class. Or the comedy. I could. Chat, tune, doubt. He's talking when the let's start movie. And then when let's start movie, he stops talking. Since you mentioned it. Yes. Use now. They have the old Bruce Lee movies. Dubbed in with black gangster talk. And it's a terrible. All right. Use channel. Use the fall back on. Yes. Catwoman really knows a woman's weak spot. Batman, Batman. No, is that the Earth a kid catwoman that you'll be new more catwoman? Or the Lee Marlott. I'm sure it's probably going to be the Earth a kid one. I promise how do we catch up before she creates further havoc? What's the huge set of thief to catch a thief? You might be able to catch your catwoman by using. Oh my god, Robin, those tights are extra tight today. I better change the channel real quick. 567. 560. Pound 560 on the AT&T. I mean, it's a can't be show. It's hysterical. It's got his moments. But let's face that. I only watch it because of Robin's crunch. Let's see. Sports 137. The last thing I want to hear are here about how many of your shows. Sports 137. Eating ass 113. We're giving it a little run for its money there, but sports is pulling away definitely. They're sports down. Hacking. In fact, it'll be a great eye. Oh, God, it will be so much fun. A great one. A great eye. Especially, you know what I'm going to be great time? Because now it's the dog days of summer. And it's far enough before football starts. And it's in the middle of the season when Marlottons are going nowhere and spread to some of these idiotic people. There's nothing else going on. No hockey, you know, basketball, no hurricanes. It would be a great time. Like one week, a sports free week on QA. Yeah. No, tell you, no harm saying. Wouldn't you love their mad dog doing a whole week of shows without ever mentioning anything about sports and for Relicors, piece of cake, no any Hank? Hank talked about the strippers and food and they're all capable of it. I've heard them. And it okay? Well, I think we'll have a lot of fun to be a hoot. But it'll never happen because Greg needs his sports. Eating ass 113. Rocky 99. Mohour David at 64. George, you're starting to move up on Moses. George has got 41. Only 23 behind the old man. Music 40. See, as soon as I said something about music, then all of a sudden they boosted up again because they're terrified. Then Mr. Plans, some of the music are like, so they boosted that up again. Politics 37. Movies 33. Religion 24. QAM office politics 16. The caller is only six out of six hundred eleven. Only six. So even though we've had two people actually call it and say the caller's we don't want to hear ever, ever know, Mo. We only have six votes on that. They love these great calls. WQAM, hello. Yeah, Neil. Did you just happen to see the city like magazine? The one about for around the year. Yeah, we read the thing last week, part of it. Neil Rogers, if Neil Rogers has got and for Elmusky, St. What do I just, what did I just get you saying? I read part of it last week on a show. Oh, you did, didn't you? That's what I just said, yeah. All right. Thanks for taking my call. Thanks for making your call. If Neil Rogers has got and Scott for Elmusky St. Nice going city like we love city like George took a couple of nice these shots when I was down there and continued to model a Apologize all the ones they wanted. And didn't they like, was it them or new times that go to do that one time? They both did? Yes. You ever see they try to spread their model, but they're trying to massage your ego? So we love city like and new times occasionally because they're always a suck in our aspect. That's all it takes for a very easy. After that call, the call is just moved up to six. WQAM, hello. WQAM. WQAM. That was Tony again. QAM. WQAM. Very weak. WQAM. The funds major transactions program provides. And she's one of our better callers. Speaking of that, by the way, we did we actually put it on over the weekend. And we forget. I guess we had the story on there. But we need to put these numbers on. Oh, about the time marketers do not call registrary. I'll say that is because phone registration for the eastern half of the country, including Michigan. I don't know why it's isn't including Michigan. Vigins July 7, which is on next Monday. And the number to call to get your, uh, you have to sign up to get those awful telemarketing numbers blocked from your number is 8883821222. And a matter where you live, you can register online right now. I WWWW.do not call dot gov.gov. The probation and telemarketing calls won't take effect until October. Then, violated is could face fines up to 11 grand. I think this is one of the great moments in the history of mankind. It's about the only good thing that's happened while this goofball has been in office is that they're finally giving us a chance to get our lives back. Instead of. They I speak to a joke puppy. May this. Oh, God. On and on and on. It's enough to drive you nuts. Bratario has convinced me back. I hear by remit myself for your muscular test. Bratario was worth a kid tonight. Yes, you did. So here's that number again. I think we need to put this up. And also that website. Should I, uh, facts this back? Or, you know, somebody on there. We don't need to facts it back. It's in the archive storage from the right end. We're good. Well, it's a matter of opinion. Here's the number to call. Okay, you can call starting next Monday. Uh, write it down. Call up and say, give my goddamn number off of their rls. Triple 8883821222122222. Or, go online right now. You can do it right away. Don't have to wait till I smone it. W w w dot do not call dot gov g o v. I'm saving this. Because I'm sure that everybody in your brother anybody with a brain. Although some of our people are probably are very lonely. You know, the ones that call all the time we have to give their number out. So they can get some. We talked to. They probably enjoy those calls. They enjoy the attention right like the old couple in Glen Gary Glen Ross. They just like talk in the sales people. Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. I mean, they finally make those two deals. And then come to find out that poor jack lemons deal is the crazy people. And uh, and uh, and the Pacino's deal. Well, yeah. That's a good. Yeah. What? That's okay. You can't ruin that movie. Except a good. If you gave away the ending about the who done it. I'm not giving it away. Okay. A little bit of a movie to give a. Glen Gary Glen Ross. Go out and watch it today. Okay. You're love it. Because sales people generally speaking our assholes make no mistake about it. 1241 19 to one at five 60 W QM. If you're on the Atkins or any other low carb sugar free diet, you need to know that there's a store that's devoted entirely. You know what you're looking for. He likes a West Boca. The number one low carb store in the entire state. A lot of times you go into the supermarket if you're all one of those diets. And you like take your shopping cart and go up and down the aisles. Where can I find something that I can have on his diet? Can't find it. Very little. But at the lights, everything in the store 900 plus low carb sugar free products. And they're adding new ones all the time. Like a brand new low carb instant cup of soup. I do is add water and microwave a low carb meal in a cup for delicious flavors. They got those simply low carb muffins. Simply low carb or simply delicious. Whatever the hell they are for a quick breakfast. Your own individual size cheesecake too. Low carb hot cocoa, apple cider, blondies and brownies. A great selection of low carb pasta, sauces, dressing chips, chocolates. Their world famous carbohydrate ice cream. On and snack cookies in a cakes and blondies and six flavors. At last, chocolate crisp and chocolate min bars with no malt at all to keep you off the Pockering a day. Carber right ready to drink chocolate and vanilla shakes. It's a low carb meal in a can. Judy's low carb peanut brittle unbelievably great taste. Every week in every month they're adding more and more great variety. So you have something to keep you on the straight in your own pan. Come in and sample them all. You can try before you buy any day at the Lysel West Boca and don't forget all I had been brand products around sale every single day even on Shivou's at the Lysel West Boca. They're open daily 10 to 10 and you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to prestigious Boston Market. Are they still in business? Call them toll free at 1-877 low carb or shuffle them on the web at low carb.com. The Lysel West Boca make no mistake. It's your official Atkins retail center. Hi, this is Hillary Clinton. I hope when you run out to buy my book you won't be too shocked to discover I have a fat **** swinging under my skirt. But you can't blame Bill he's certainly not gay. I just had the credentials every politician needs to be a wife of convenience. And it's pretty much ended with that. Bill is such a horn dog. He probably would have never noticed I had man like anyway. And Chelsea? Well, if you buy my book you can meet all about the affair I had with Sandra Bernhard and our love child. Now I wasn't born a Democrat. I switched parties after looking in the mirror and seeing the body of Tiponeo. So buy my book now because I can never have enough. If you order a copy today I will personally auto-bath the all-newed scratches and it's the fall down. Don't worry. 25-56, you've never become don't find a book by the way. Save the 28 bucks it sucks. He doesn't say a damn thing and if you live long enough you'll hear the entire book read right here on his show. Maybe we have to accelerate the pace of my reading it. No. No way Jose. Is that a threat? Here's a facts from Jack who says I've never heard any mention of Jennifer Connelly's performance in the movie The Hot Spot. Anyone seen it supposed to be worth it. I think he's a good movie. He's a good movie. Good movie. Including hers. Her name is her. I don't remember the performance though. But I do remember she showed her boobs and so did her. Okay. In other words, it depends on how horny and desperate you are. If you want to see Jennifer Connelly's boobs or whatever that's great. There's a story to movie. Huh? Don't Johnson is in that movie. Don't Johnson? Yeah. He was good in one movie in the boys dog and that was in the bad. Then we got that mommy. Vista. And I was yet to Don Johnson. Then he became a real asshole. What a real attitude. And before you go to do one short thing for me. What that just say freeze major. Miami vice you're under arrest. Actually, I'm not going to do that. How are you? I'm fine. I don't care. You won't do that. Don Johnson should get a haircut. Thank you. Thank you. Hello. Hello. Only. It was gone. Do you notice that? Did you notice that? Yes. I don't know. You're good. Isn't that incredible? Absolutely. He said no change. It sounds just like Don Johnson. What are you thankful for? I'm on the side. You'll leave me. Thank you. If you're lucky up the expression dreaming, I'm living in a dream world in the dictionary. You'll see stand majors picture next to it. 643 votes. Beater boy. That's impressive because Beater boy keeps track of these things. He keeps his thumb on it all day long. Oh, really check in this thing, especially now. The last thing I want to hear or hear about on many Roger show is sports. 141 pulling away. Pulling away in a stretch. Eating ass 117. Hockey. 103. I guess those three are like in a class by themselves, right? Oh yeah. Oh, you're wrong. You've got a lot of pants or fans. A lot of hockey fans are really knowledgeable. Remember it, gumporously. Oh, my goodness. More how we've David in 70. 10.8%. George 47. I don't think you're going to catch the moment. Wait till I get home. No, don't duck with it. Music 41. You're pulling away from music, which is good. In fact, if we get enough encouragement, I'm going to play some music. That sounds good. Huh? Wait a minute. Oh, please. Let me just reach right over here. I don't have like all bad taste of music. For example, huh? I think what it is to get up so when I play a lot of the old stuff. No, it's the boy band stuff. It's the gay stuff. I don't ever play that stuff on the air. I did there for a lie was a long time ago. I played when it was popular. When we had that real, that stuff, the TRL going. And that was a fun time. Like I said a couple of weeks ago. Some fun. I mean, maybe it wasn't great music, but people were in the music at that time. But we're into that show and we're all that stuff. And a lot of flesh. Yeah. And now, what are they into? Prap again. And like even you just said the unfri-day. The reason that the CD sales are down is because most of the music sucks. It's a will. Who wants to pay for this will? When you can steal us for free. Yeah. He's so. Me. By the. How's there anybody that's like this song? I'll go out the way. I'll go out the way. I'll go out the way. I'll go out the way. I'll go out the way. Are you you'd find somebody because this is a very sour group down there. If I want to, if you're a she couldn't sing her way out of a paper. She blows. Yeah. You only wishy blows. Okay. I think she does. Well, she's Colombian. Well, I tell you one thing. That picture on a cover. I never even noticed that. She's, well, I mean, I know she was pretty good. But this picture is a spectacular picture. She looks really amazing in that picture. And then we could play a little bit of a vana. Okay. Smells like teenage smegma. Got their new album. No, I don't. I have their old one. That's more than enough for me. Oh. All right. Let's not get into a discussion of that again. What's the point? And then we could finish up our one hit. Wonder stuff from last year. We never finished that up. Wait. All the stuff in the drawer. I got those lists that we went through. Keep moving. We had a lot of almost a whole audience. Huh? And I got a bunch of these CDs that I went and wished that all that money on, but I'll never play again if I would be 500. I got a little stage in that park. Go and sing a loud thing. No, don't you want to sell a book? I'll give you a ring. But these tell us how. I get the same love back. All the way over. Who got these? I think basically that's the choice for the audience. Either nails music the way. So the week or the audio from Batman. I had to get rid of the robin. So that we could use the thought. 32 pussy foot road is what far from Wayne Manor. He said, don't pussy foot around, Robin. Something like that. See, that thought at least this would be one show. It would be safe to have the audio on you. Oh, you can't tell no more, you know? There we go. Where you look. Because all this photographic crap going on. Thank God we got that FCC up there. They're really cracked on. That's it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I've got a bill Clinton article. Can you believe that? I believe it. Bill Clinton wrote this article. I was printed in the New York Daily News on Saturday. And it's the headline is Out of Control by Bubba. It's your money says prison and bush when he promotes tax cuts. I disagree with his tax policy, but admire his spin. The same argument applies with greater force. Whether big media conglomerate should be a lot of control more television and radio stations. It's your air waves. The American people own the van with that broadcast media companies used to deliver programs to our TV and radio sets because the space on that van with his limited the FCC regulates who has access to our eyes and ears. For more than 60 years, the FCC allowed companies to own a number of local TV stations provided that no single company owned enough to reach more than 35% of the population of the US. But on June 2, by a 3 to 2 vote, the FCC raised the limit to 45% giving big media firm to the chance to gobble up many more local TV stations. In fact, a single time corporation will be able to control up to three of the TV stations in America's nine largest cities. The FCC also opened the door to local TV newspaper mergers and many places. So you're beginning your news information from the same company. Regardless of whether you're turning on the TV or opening up your newspaper. Why is this bad? Because more monolithic control over local media will reduce the diversity of information depending on entertainment people get. The most interesting local coverage will be supplanted by the lowest common denominator mass market mush. But don't cable TV and internet give people more sources of information and theory yes, in practice not necessarily. Big media firms own most of the cable networks and supply much of the content for major internet sites. Is this another Democrat versus Republican battle? Is my concern motivated by the growing influence of right wing voices in the broadcast media? While it's true the FCC votes for the long party lines and Republicans for looser status against and while I have noticed the conservative slant and more media organizations these days the debate over media ownership isn't a partisan one. Organizations from the National Organization for Women to the National Rifle Association have spoken out against what the FCC decided to do more than 750,000 Americans of all political persuasions registered their opinion of the new rules with the FCC and nearly 100% of them were opposed. The lack of diversity independence in the broadcast media may be why you don't didn't hear much about this big issue on TV or radio in recent months. But the opposition is truly a grassroots movement and won't go away even if it's not on the evening news and a voice of the people is beginning to be heard at least on Capitol Hill. The Senate Commerce Committee acted quickly after the FCC vote to approve legislation on a bar by partisan basis that would reinstate more sensible media ownership rules. Although Republicans as well as Democrats opposed the FCC decision, it's unclear whether the Commerce Committee legislation can pass the full Senate or in the house. The FCC ruling also faces challenges in the courts, but there's no guarantee the Commission's error will be corrected anytime soon, therefore Congresses are best hope. Whatever your political philosophy of your favorite competition and diversity in the media, you should call right or email your senators and representatives. The stakes are high, and issues as FCC commissioner Michael Comps is whether a few corporations will be seated in hand-stake keeper control over the civil dialogue of our country, more content control over our music and entertainment information, veto power over the majority of what our families watch here in read. People joke about my liking McDonald's and I do, but actually I prefer to go down to Lang's Deli, a great family establishment near my house. In the brave new world being defined by the FCC, there will be more McMedia on our airwaves, and far fewer broadcast equivalents of our favorite local diners. Unlike restaurants, the airwaves belong to us. We shouldn't give up our right to have more choice. Nice gone, Baba! Oh, do we miss him, family or what? Yeah, God. Oh, I would like to point out that it was under his watch in 96 who said, whatever hell he was, that they started with his crap. Mm-hmm. Would his duopoly and tripling under his watch when he was president, but nevertheless, better late than never. Nice gone, Baba. Do we miss him bad or why? Yeah, I'd be interested in reading a book that he wrote, not slowly, who quite frankly, if I never saw that, but you're going to be too soon. Oh, you shouldn't say that, Neil. Why? That's the way I feel about her. She's, to say, small potatoes would be an insult to those little potatoes that we can never think of the names of those little, whatever those are. Right. Those little ones. That's the only thing there. Whatever those things are, like potato. It's an insult to small potatoes to call him a little bit small potato. She's less than that. She's insignificant in the, yeah, the course of human events. Well, she said it or from here, basically can be. And all of a sudden, now she talks to big game. Didn't she vote to give El Presidente a power to go into her to your bed? Would this illegal warden, now that she's foaming at the mouth about? Yeah, she sure is held. She jumped on the bandwagon. She's an opportunist, a carpet bagging opportunist, uh, ice princess bitch. I think that sums it up pretty nicely. Yes, me. And her book sucks. But other than that, she's a dynamo. The last thing I want to hear or hear about on the Neil Roger show is we've got a staggering response. 665, oh, so we still got an hour to go. Aren't you impressed? Yeah, sure. Phone head boy. Very. No, I said impressed not. Itionic. Sports, 148. Eating ass, 119. Boy, you were really putting on a big run there for while now all of a sudden sports is pulled away. Hockey, although there might be some slap over. Hockey 104, Mohour David at 72. George, moving up nicely, 48. Steadily climbing, climbing. Use it 41. See, I play that secure thing so they wouldn't give you a carry-away. Politics 40. Movies only 36. Religion 28. QAN politics 19. They want to hear a lot more about that. Like about how Greg is making stuff up. Callers 10 out of 665 votes. A spectacular response that we take you profusely. See, if we could just hear them speak on the internet. You don't send on our website. The response at a website's fabulous. The phone sucks. It's just a lay at the land, yeah. Can we have some Marlon tickets there? No, no. Go away. Prop 57 at 560. WMOT. And if some great deals though, Halle Patti XGMC, it's the new Rogers 4th of July, blowout sail. Going on right now for my good personal buddies, Tom Lillin and Joe Prieto at Halle Patti XGMC. And here they are. Neil, the number one, get yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every single 2003 Patti Acro GMC in stock. Neil, the number two, get up to a $4,000 rebate and every $2,000 3GMC in Patti Acro stock. Attention, I'll you current in former military personnel, get yourself an additional $750 rebate from your friends in Halle at Rat Now. Neil, the number three, at least the new 2004 Grand Prix GT1 is little as 289 bucks a month. It's a 36 month, at least talk to our buddies at Halle 4 details. And Neil, the number four, get yourself an additional $500 off some of the most popular GMC models, including the on-boy, you can and now this week, now through Friday to 4th of July through the weekend, plus a GMC toolkit while supplies last. And also, if those aren't good enough, right now at Halle, you can test drive a vehicle for 24 hours, take it home, take it to work. It's his only being a boy excluded from the software. Halle, Patti AGMC 134-11, Satixi Highway that's on US-1, right across from the falls open every day, seven days a week. If you might more info on his spectacular 4th of July deals called the Neil Deal Hotline, toll free, 1-3-8-534-442-11. 1-3-442-11, no forget all Neil deals, subject to credit approval, talk to our friends at Halle 4 details. Halle, Patti AGMC, everybody in the University agrees. They are professional grades. The final winner is the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final winner of the final Mr. King for the remainder form of all of his three months to the losers of the final semester of 5 million from about 4 million than 7000 opused of many other great job. Thank you, pal. I have a great life. Here's a guy so wants to put a time in America. 560560560 on the 80. But we don't want to get into a big long conversation about the significance of what it made and about the opium dream and all the stuff we don't want to get into that do it. No, because that's long and progress the most people haven't seen any. It's too freaking long. People don't have the patience to sit down and watch a long long draw an out movie, you know, took me three tries. I mean, maybe the Debbie does Dallas told you they might sit still for that. WQAM. Hey, what's going on, man? How are you doing, sir? Have you ever watched a chicken or an article in C-Link? It was the same article about two pages after the Feral article about the DEA closing down the bonkshot. No. I don't remember, we saw on the other side of the page it was an advertisement for a bonkshot. How American the DEA shutting down the bonkshot? I've found some real American to me. All right, take it easy Neil. Thanks for the good news. Okay. There you go. Shunning down the bonkshot because God only knows what kind of crap those people be smoking. That's the American fucking way. You got it. The EA is taken everybody away. I'm sick and terribly. I'm all the repression, all the bull crap, all right, wingers in the public sits back and goes, just like that. That's what they know, they don't care. They're too busy. Five, six, seven, five, and we were the fact that we couldn't even get Jeb Bush out in Florida. Was that tell you? I mean, that's, I mean, God, the guy practically stands up there and says, hey, I got thevious plans. I'm a liar. I don't care. What you voted on that class? I lied through my teeth. I'm going to do whatever it hell. I want. We stole the election and screw you. Hey, let's vote him back in again. There is absolutely no hope for the state of Florida. That's why you don't have no casino gambling. That's why you have a governor who's a bozo and whose brother is a even bigger bozo, a president and of course, this one, their groom and to be his successor and his son George as in the P, he's going to be the one after that. And then amazing. I had the Kennedy's doing the same thing. Yeah, two terms for John, two terms for Bobby and two terms for Teddy. They had it all drawn up there on their roadmap, roadmap to dictatorship, but they weren't nearly as evil. Now they were better crooks though, right, what you think? Oh, they were crooks. The old man, I was going to talk about the George Prescott. What was his name? The old one, Herbert Walker, Prescott, whatever, Prescott Bush. That was his name. The Nazi. Okay. Well, it runs in a family, your snick win, but I guess I should have been more specific when I said the Nazi. The original Nazi. The grandpa. And then of course, he had Joe Kennedy, the the bootlegar, the rum runner, whenever made it a legal penny in his life. The bottom line of the story is boys and girls that people who are honest very rarely get ahead in this country. They just mean my get some head, but they very rarely get ahead. You have to be a crook. You have to lie, have to cheat. You have to be full of crap. You have to pull all the right strings, smear it right hands. And then you get into a real strong place like George. WC, WAM. What been so fast? Destructions. See, and you're knocking our calls? It's wrong with you. WC, WAM. Y'all, Bob? WC, WAM. Fuck up. There we go. There's Gilbert Solomon right there, who just can't restrain himself, who's bugging our buddy for railing the T-room, which by the way, quick bugging people in the T-room, you asshole. And it's back under again, which we have to keep dumping him because he keeps saying the F-word on the air. Gilbert Solomon, which if our management had any balls at all, he'd be in the place where Peter Boe was last weekend. He'd be cool in the street in goofy heels. Gilbert Solomon won't stop. This man needs to be in a rubber room somewhere without a phone. And we don't have any support from our people there in management. All we get is a bunch of asshole sitting around having me and he's deciding who they're going to stick in here to fill in the starting next week Monday Wednesday and Friday. I already made my case on that. We're having no more conversation about that. The book is closed. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. WQAM. Hi, Chad, like Neil. Speaking. Hi Neil, I like to, uh, this is delicious, put something on the pole. No, it's not. Oh, very good. I'm about. You have to be, you have to be joke of me. You want to put for Rallyon there? Rallyon is like a flan, like you said earlier. You know, just a little vital, do you? Okay. Okay, well put a minor. Thanks, Ballyon. Let's get for Rallyon, everybody you say. Yeah, we don't want him to get a, you know, a big swole in head. We don't want him to get out of control. I mean, there have to be some people out there the can't stand in the final report that I've not just in the domineering and overbearing, right? I guess. Well, what do you mean you guess? Don't be wishy-washy. I mean you want to get all the negative votes or what? You're just looking for attention. That's all. You don't care what they like you. Hey, she just want attention. God damn it. Let's get for Rallon there right away. You're going to part, he's on there. He's on there right now. No, he's going to be on the goal. He's on his way. You notice how our our website committee now is really stepped up there and looking at that we got an even 700 votes. It's only nine past one. Oh my God. A shocking response considering it's said tomorrow the first did you lie? And even the even the goddamn skaters have moved out of town. It's so bad. It's so humid and nasty and raining. Can't send dogs every time you turn around and boo-fotoads. Pretty nice here. Mostly sunny in 75 today in Hogtown. Five, six, seven, oh five. And when we know why they call out the big apple on New York or the other way around we had that story about the Bravo. How come they call through out of a Hogtown? Did you know that? I had no idea. Yeah, it's disgusting. Hogtown. We need to much, we know it's Frogtown. We know why, but this is a Hogtown. Let's have a look at the way in. Oh, I do want to talk about weapons and maps destruction. Yeah. And they put a mock fragment mock blood for the news and you're going to be trying. Yeah, we'll find the university out of the town. Okay. He's going to plan them. Just like he planted that glove, he's trying to say, yeah, oh, Jay, we know you didn't do it. Oh, Jay, we love you. Don't way if QAM. No. We hate you like poison Mr. Move out. Go away. Get out of Kindle. Get on a Hershey Highway Drap up to Savannah, Georgia. And let's see if they can find your ass up there. You know, he's spending the entire summer looking for the real killers. Oh, Jay, do you know that? No, I didn't know that. Yeah, they're on a golf course in his house. I like more for example. He kills me. WQAM. What is it? Is this the mumble? Yeah. Hello. WQAM. Hey, yes sir. Hey, first time Carl or dedicated listener. Love you. Okay, great. Very rare to sell for. Thank you very much. You're welcome. I saw you the movie you're talking about today. I saw 28 days last night. It's really slow developing the people who write write write, write, write, write, write, write a living dead. They would really love this movie. I like it because it spoke a lot about humanity, I wrote and the darker side of it. It also has male frontal nudity. So I have to warn people who would say it's funded by this people who are funded by a penis. Yeah. Yeah, or what do we do again? Can now be sure of the exact reality because it has a military in there that tells lies to the public. And you know, we really wouldn't experience that. Pretty far, but yeah, yeah, these are literary license. Yes. Anyway, keep up with the idea to talk about the politics and see if we can push these off, quick with these to return the onions to the people they stole the phone before they donated out of the bush campaign. Hey, man. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally. Good buddy. See, that's the idea. They're waiting for all these big executives for all these CE types. You know, to set in their checks. And then after that they'll take care of more not as the case may be depending on the size of the check. This is kind of cute. Full news channel, FAUX, very balanced. We distort you comply. That's great. This info dot com is selling full FAUX news news and join the O'Reilly youth t-shirts. Their websites has launched on September 13, 1996 this information was decided to be the search service of choice for individuals looking for information on career affairs politics new science and hidden information that seldom seems to step through the cracks of the corporate on media conglomerates. I want to clear was fun about one of the largest media companies in the world telecommunication TCI and out part of AT&T who paid for placement on netscapes, then you bickled a search page. This info dot com. Great. Let's get a bunch of those. What do you say? A bunch. But third man. Yeah, we'll all walk around with those inside the building. 560560 pound 560 on a year or you can wear it to the pizza loft. You have a good chuckle. He's Mr. Non-Polirical. He finds everything I'm using as long as you bring some money. Okay, not a lot of money. Because the food is delicious and money expensive at the world famous pizza loft now with two-brower locations. One in Davy one plantation. Today being Monday, don't forget every Monday night the loft is Lazani night, every Tuesday's eggplant night. You buy one of these in his on these nights. You get the second one for only five bucks. Wednesdays, your kids eat free with adult sick and CGS famous magic show whip an out form. Every Thursday is a biker night at the loft. Come on a motorcycle. You buy one dinner. You get the second dinner for just half price. Food is fresh. It's delicious. It's some of the best attending goodies. You'll find anywhere in town at very modest prices too. Porsons are gigantic and they got all your favorites. Pasta dishes. They have chicken and meal and seafood. Three different kinds of great pizza, super subs, calzones. Great garlic rolls just dripping with it and a garlic too. You'll love it. You'll find the Davy location. A university drive between Griffin and 595 for take-out delivery and catering there. It's like I said right beyond here when imports call 9-5-4-9-1688-80. 9-5-4-9-1688-80. That's it right beyond here when imports and kitty corner the brand new armadillo cafe yesterday did. And the plantation location would have same delicious fresh food to same gigantic portions and teeny tiny prices. It's on a corner of Navajo and sunrise right behind wall greens and at little hard to find strip shopping center but it's well worth finding it. Call 9-5-4-3-8-2-1999. You'll be at Neralod, believe me when you try to first time 3-8-2-1999 for the world famous pizza love now with two, count them, grow at location. Baby look on me, you once on the way, having been a daddy since yesterday. Heather is expecting we can work it out but it doesn't make me want to twist and shout when our 60-4 are still changed by birth when this gets drawn up by will be dead better stockers now on baby whi births my singing head baby McCartney won't give me no rest I am not much better off than the days don't know if the kid will be a singer just hope it tells you when it finally comes one chance to have 10 toes in finger unlike it's mom baby McCartney your dad is elderly one new wild good just may be 18-5-60 WQM here's a fact from one of our Dallas connections says now that most been pushed farther in the middle of the night have you noticed that the mood around QM's got any better? Absolutely, any better. By the difference between death and life not just day and night, death and life. The week that I was there was like a like party time as soon as he was out at the door like it about 80 to every morning was party time. Everybody's happy everybody's like high five and low five grab and eat to those jiblets. It's great. There's more to talk about it's luck it's luck brushing I see like brushing up against the shark is what it means the shark with an auto run is hit. For us pretty good not great but good love the show I'm not sucking as I'm just a fan trying to get more than to get more than to get just try to spread some kindness in the land of it. Thank you very much Dallas connection whatever hell that name is on the bottom what is that name? Facho? Okay. 790 votes for all doesn't have any by the way okay for all doesn't have a single vote easily but up there a short while he doesn't have any votes on there yet so he is still kicking ass. They love him and in a meantime we do like a lot between 8 and 10. I'm necessarily like after 10.05. 105 was that what you said? Voders turn away from Blair's party amid the spute over Iraq's arms dossier. British born secret did we had one woman calling it today? No another another lady list day boy out there you oh it is so embarrassing. Now right embarrassing. Well we'll get some visual calling give me your luck instructions on why they don't call or my you should be doing this you should be British born secretary jacks dross had Friday he stood by the accuracy of government intelligence on Iraqi weapons as a new pool indicated that public doesn't shaman over the matter across the labor party it's lead over the conservatives for the first time in 11 years. Tony Blair has taken a pipe baby we're not talking about the one at Robert the Neural Head in once upon a time. Structural to House of Commons select committee on foreign affairs that a disputed claimant intelligence dossier that saw them was saying could at least none. Unconventional weapons attack in 45 minutes have come from a credible intelligence source he also did not allegations have been added to the document to a embellished the findings and support prime minister Blair's argument that Iraq represented an immediate threat. The committee is investigating charges that the government impulated intelligence to exaggerate the menace that saw them and his weapons posed to justify military action and a story goes on. I do like that Tony Blair and deep political dodo you know I have a feeling that a year and a half from now the same could be here we can only cross our legs and in eyes and prey and fingers. 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line WQAM. Hello. Yes. How are you? Okay. Hey Nick. Did you see the movie when we were giants? No. You know so that movie you like history movies? Sometimes. That's a good history movie. What is about it? It's a World War II. It's about the big three. The R&R Roosevelt and Stalin died. Stalin and the R&R Roosevelt and Churchill and Stalin the big four. I saw it and you know if you like a movie it was strictly about dialogue about all the phone calls between all the leaders and everything. It's more like a play. It's not like a movie with action but what it does show is it shows a lot of world war photographs. A World War II through the movie as you know going through Africa and going through the normative you get back France and all that but you know it's a three hour movie but you know and you're a Bob Hoskins as Churchill and I think it's a exact guy's name. He and the Herman is Stalin. No it's a Michael K. and Stalin and John Liskow is FDR. Wow. You have a check out. I was called up. I was probably even better role in the one he did. It's a live parts one through six. What's it called? When we were giant. Okay I'll check it out. Thanks a lot, Pally. Bye bye. See you. 5 6 7 5 60 written by Willie May's and money Irvin when we were giants. Pound 5 60 on it. You know, Geldy was talking about watching Willie May's play at Geldy. The fact that he were punk he's 33 years old and he says so he was born in 1970 which I guess is a one to Billy May's retire. Oh wow. No seriously like he was I think in 73 is what Willie May's return. So he was three years old. Now do you remember what you watched when you were two and three years old? No. Carl Amgeldy. But back to Europe punk. Why don't you just admit it? Okay you didn't see you. Willie May's make that great basket catch off Vick Warts in the 1954 World Series in which the giants shot the universe by sweeping the Indians forest right dusty roads with a pinched home runs. Sal Magley Johnny Anthonylli. Do you remember all done? You were Mueller? Remember all of that, don't you? I've no idea what words that just came out of radio. Excellent. At least you're being honest about it. Unlike Geldy. Well I saw Willie May's make that great catch in 54 of course that was a long before I was born. 5 6 7 5 60 pound 5 60 we're still looking for our first lady called they I don't want to go through an entire Monday without one woman called in the show just to be just to be decent just to have common decency to care enough to send her very best or worth as the case may be just something. Right? Sure. One. Okay. Very very unfriendly crowd. WDQAM. Perfect. Perfect. WDQAM. Yes. You're a little sick. See what I mean? Friendly crowd. WDQAM. WDQAM our last call. Hello. QAM. Hi. Hi. Turn the radio up a little bit louder. Okay. I can't hear it. Okay. Okay. That takes care of your calls today on a wonderful Monday. Oh, and they want to know why don't you want to be down here? Why don't you want to be here in a summer time especially it's so beautiful and the people are so great. And by the way for that asshole called me last week about why I want to be in Toronto. Oh my god. See I can honestly say this is the first time in my life better late than ever that I've lived in a real city. I can honestly say that. Now I did live in Detroit when it was put by that time wasn't a real city anymore was a toilet in the early 70s. But it's the first time I've lived and I don't need a car. I can walk anywhere I want to go I can get on a subway. It's like a real city would living in breathing nice people. You know? How many years have been screaming about the fact that South Florida and I can't even name a city. I mean Miami for Lauderdale. Let's make a different city. You name me because of the you have to call it South Florida because it encompasses the entire area because there is no city. There is no downtown. There is no up down your right urban sprawl 85 different municipalities. There's candle in their sweet water and there's guidance on rise and there's surf side and there's plantation acres and there's all of this other crap. Tamarack, Margate, Wilting Manors, all of these things. And this guy's calling me give me a saw in an answer. Well, what's so great about it? And the people are very unfriendly. What do you say? They were rude. I forgot. I got news for the rudest most obnoxious nastiest person I could find here would be a hundred times polliter than the average asshole in South Florida. The average hard-hearted means spirited nasty hostile South Floridian who just can't wait to give you the stuff just stick it in your back and twist it until a blood is just pouring down both cheeks. Back home, you got it. So I hope you have a good time of summer. Yeah. 26 past one at 5 60 WQM. My name I've been here to talk about laments are us for a while. How laminated would flooring from laments are us is the smart, the easy, the low maintenance alternative for you to natural wood flooring. Laminants are us is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from parodore pergo Wilson art unifloring quick step. All the top names in the business are installed by pergo certified installers too. Here's another good reason why you ought to call laments are us. Their prices will floore you. Call laments are us and get their summer special right now for just 1995 bucks. That's correct. Just 1995 bucks from the 380 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring. It is absolutely unreal. Elaminants are us will match any legitimate ridden offer too. If you want you a free and homestimate just call laments are us toll free no obligation. Call 1 877 777 733 36. What to be easier? It's a piece of cake that give your free carpet disposal. Faith furniture moving to 25 year warranty and years and years of beautiful easy care laminated wood flooring. Call laments are us 2 day toll free time at crappy old kneel. Turn to call 1 877 777 733 36. Question tell me what you think about me. I got the gold chains in the fresh white tea. Call y'all my celly and I'm feeling on me. When it's all over I zip up and leave. Question if you think you'll even now miss your better think twice because you ain't this miss. Look it you got yourself a paranoid ship which means I can ride you like a Titanic ship. Yeah the top above my head may guy grease but the thugs that I wear ain't cheap. You want a sweet memory honey pop in the bed with me. Yeah all you women this plenty of me. Show your body that may. All you women can't get enough from me. Show your own these as me. All right for you honey I pay good money. Show your brosé that may. Just don't holler that I gave you dollars to hop in the bed there with me. 131 at 560 WQA and the world famous neo-rogors show 744 votes on a pool. Are you impressed or what? Yeah sure. I'm not talking to you I'm talking to computer expert. Beenhead is he in print don't tell me he's asleep again. Oh no. If you told me he's asleep at the switch again. 749 votes on our pool today. The last thing I want to hear we're here about on the roger show is sports 158. Eeding at what is it was somebody eating something. What do you eat in the cops? Ask. Eating at 130. Taki 14. Mohara David at 80. George 65 all you've closed the gap. You've tightened it up. Mo 80 George 65 music 45 or you passed music and pulled away like a was standing still. Politics 45 movies only 38. Religion 34 QAM office politics 21 the callers 15 and for rounds got four out of some for now. Well he had to have some you know because he's not perfect. Here's a a fact is a movie to send a chill down your spine and any of the state would gene hackman will smith. John Void and Lisa Bonay. It's a why the what? Eh. Not good. Very so so I mean millenother movies that have been much better. It says why because the movie wasn't made around the after 911. I came out November 1998 with several exclamation points keep up the good work best which is time and holiday with thanks to having Hollywood but being a boy said you're full of crap. Only mediocre. Yeah I don't even think I'd watch it again. And in the fact that will smith was in it. Uh that's since it's that for me thanks anyway Tom but I guess I'm not going to have time for that one to squeeze it in too many others lined up. I got to watch Bob Roberts probably tonight. With the Tim What's his name? Robbins. Right and Susan What's your name? Surandoned. What? For you don't want to say their name like like you know it because then the committee against a version of a flag or luckily and Tommy Pinko. Yeah. Then they'll come and knock it on the door. 5 6 7 0 5 60 I want a woman call her in this next 27 minutes or I'm going to be very depressed. You believe me? No. I'm going to be so psychotic. I might do something rash. Like break out in one. Come in to QA. Thank you. I got a movie. Yeah. Yeah. I have an earth mention. What's it? It's called the deadmate bad company. Steering. It's I don't have some guy he shows up late for a job and he's up in a really bad situation. So I don't know if you can find it or not. It showed up for a while. Anyway, I have a great day now. Okay. Thanks a lot. I'll look it up on a way. You can find anything just do a search for the attack of the movie and you'll find all sorts of crap. The deadmate bad company right? Right. Absolutely. 5 6 7 0 5 60. You know he's only like 38. Did you know that? He's all the way up there. He's just lived a long tough life. A lie nine is always very touching go. Mostly the go part WQAM hello. WQAM. Go on WQAM. Hello. Sorry. You're not a girl today. Come on. Yeah. That movie. The enemy is the movie sucks. What's that? What movie is that? The enemy is the movie of the last college just called it for? Yeah. Yeah. It's not a good movie. We'll especially the horrible comic release in that movie. Okay. Thanks, Pally. He said it sucks. So that's two out of three so I can watch it. I will not watch him. We will be with Mill Smith and anyway. I mean John Revoltah. I'll make exceptions. Okay. Did I say I watch one and he was actually pretty good in on him. What the whole of you did? I'm right. I have to be at has to be. I mean you have to be somebody that I just find absolutely rewarding others. If I draw the line and say if so and so is it I just won't budget period on principle. And I have said that about Bruce Willis but they're been exceptions. I watched a couple of Bruce Willis movies and what they were but they were okay. Who else? That's your gear. Oh yeah. Makes me puke but nevertheless if it was a pretty good flick I still might watch it. Robert Downey Jr. Robert time he's oh can't stand it. But again if it was a good flick. Right. Didn't he wasn't in a good movie with the piano Reeves? There's another makes me sick but that one about on the roof where they had the broad tie-up. Now I can never think of the name of that you didn't know what I'm talking about. No but I think they were both in that one. At least piano Reeves would. Anyway there are plenty of people on not too crazy about but it would have to be somebody that are really just despised to make that absolute draw the line in the sand and say if they're in it I'm not going to see it. Will Smith isn't that category. Have we ever done that poll? I don't know if we've done that exactly. I think we're doing that tomorrow. Good. Is that a movie poll? Is that qualifies a movie poll? Uh oh oh oh. I don't give a crap what a qualifies. Qualifies has been something timely and we'll get a lot of response on it. Quite frankly let's see tomorrow's Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Saturday. You know I'm just right now. I'm right and he's you haven't noticed. I'm just right now to tide here. That's right. He's having a lot like Natalie Wood. I'm right going out with the tide. To quote a time of Bob and Tom. I wish we still had that. That was a great bit. Remember that? How it go? It's something about Natalie Wood when I was a tide away. It was one of those good. That was the only one of these CDs. No it's not on there. It's an old Bob and Tom. Anyway, the point I'm to what the hell was I saying before you? You moved all tomorrow. Oh the movie pulled of our right. I always try to throw my off to make it seem like I'm a dodgering old man. Which I am. I don't want to see that way. I have to keep putting on a good act. To write with you the movie poll, the actor actress who absolutely if they were in a movie you wouldn't go see it under any circumstances. And that's my choice. Will Smith. It's about what the actor ff have. How do you like to spell it? It's still smells the same. He is just out in noxious and arrogant and he thinks his stuff don't stick to the and plus you don't have any talent. Can he sing? Can he act? No. Well, where's the talent? You should see six degrees of separation. Just so you can see how bad a movie can be. Yeah. What I pseudo-wind Electrical piece of trite. What is it about? Faggery. So hour and a half commercial about Faggery and how great it is. With Will Smith. Yeah. As a Fag. No. No. We don't want him. We got enough problems already. We got Bob Coonston. We got a bunch of other. We don't want him at all. Send it back to his lovely wife. He does have a beautiful wife. What's your name? Cheda. And she hot. Plink it. Yeah. She's okay. Whatever. She knows how to marry. Huh? She knows how to be very. Wow. How many people are Halle Berry? Okay. She ain't no Halle Berry. She ain't no Mary and Berry? Nobody's perfect. Okay, but she thought she's pretty good. She's okay. She'll do. 22 till 2 at 5.60 WQM here's something they'll do. I pops him in my mouth this morning. We signed the bacon. All of you made soft heels. They're great for her. I do it for my blood pressure and it works like a charm. This is good stuff. It contains the finest olive oil you've ever popped in your mouth. Not just ordinary olive oil, but all of you might contain super concentrate olive oil loaded with all kinds of health benefits. Good stuff for you. All of you, my dear. We take an up redist the root. Don't you want to reduce redist the root? You bet you reduce the risk or reduce the root of heart disease and high cholesterol. Plus there are 14 different old-year-old-year-old formulas you can choose from each one combining the finest of best this is olive oil on a planet with vitamins and minerals and herbs to support specific health needs from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system. All you do is pick out the ones that are right for you. And now there are three new old-year-old formulas that help you sleep. One to help you control your weight and self-utin. Which contains co-utin for your heart. Pick up some old-year-old-year-old-year-old outdo in your shop and today and pop it in your post. It can't hurt. Pick it up at public's, records, wall greens, whole-food markets, and a lot of us order it online if you prefer it. Or you might have more information on these two-pinistic setting products. Call them tool free and tell them that crusty old-year-old or crappy old-year-old-year-old-year-old out of your life. Call it one eight six six-old-year-old. That's one eight six six six six five three sixty six thirty three for better health start poppin' old-year-old-year-old-year-old post today. Why did you local her? We're sports video five sixty two and two a-m. And that's why I think the digital have a chip-pinship season. The jet and where did I tell you? You don't talk to like say you can talk. This is the beast. I said shut up. Frat's old. But you're like a father of me. You don't talk to Lam, don't talk in. When I'm done talking, then you talk. Okay, I'll be coming. Come here. I want you to know me in front of my Mr. Guff Club. I'm going to show you the business and the mistake coming. This court sentences you two twenty years in ours. Would you win vote? I had to take off my mattress. Looks like we'll be your bookmates. The name's Mohal David. Starter's Dave Scream and Paradise. What's your big old me, girlfriend? You've got so panless. Thank you. Hey, you know, but it's so hard and drill, honey. I'm going to make you my woman. Hey, nobody wants to stop. God, God, who got you? Pinky. Oh, God, God, God, God. 10 minutes. What else do you say for me? You're both. No man. You're all new in the blaze, but that's so pretty. Okay. Poor the virus me like that. You know who I am? No, no, no, no, no. Pick it up now. I'm in front of me. All right. But I expect a print in the apology. I might just put that broom in and a book that's out there. Oh, bro. I'll pick the front. The one who'll see you now. Thanks. Well, Mr. David. Oh, well, then. Jack, Jack ordered. How can it help you? Can you see what? Yeah. I keep getting raped. The two. Is a vanishing. John, look into it right away. Thanks, oh, I didn't. It's about time. Some pun. But it now drop your pen. I said drop your pen. This is hard. Oh, favors, no gum, jeez. Oh, no, no, no. Let's rape. Oh, it's really a big show. Oh, that's now. We've asked the time away. In the geo jello. Oh, that's a lootly. 143 Lynn Sannells reminds me that they sold 150,000 tickets on the first day. For the big rock concert come out here and Toronto on July 30th. The SARS benefit. And they're going to be like 800,000 people over there estimating. You're going to be there. Yeah, my way. Vental featured a Rolling Stones AC DC rush the guests who flaming lips, Kathleen Edwards just in temper like well, nothing's perfect. Hey, Justin. Got a message for you for all of my friends in Toronto. Justin. Bye, bye, bye. You'll be here. The CBC is tentatively agreed to broadcast a one hour addition to concert worldwide. Rosary chain A and P is purchased a quarter of a tickets at full price, which they'll sell its source in Ontario and the US beginning this week. US tickets are 16 bucks. Here's the 2150 because that can even dollar. And all of the money's going to charity. It's going to be July 30th a wild time. You're all be here, right? No. 5605056, the pound five 60. You know, we're going to go over 800 votes on our pool before the end of the show. Selva is that ever happened in the history of this program, even even during the part of the year when they're actually people in town, they're excited. It is exciting for a quite a recovery for you, quite a turnaround, if I can do it. And don't forget if you tune in late, go to our website if we're no other reason, even if you don't care about our pool to check out Dancing Dwarf Mo. I mean, you've seen Mozo and you've seen Scorley Mo with a swing and nuts, but this one, I purposely haven't looked at it again since a couple hours ago because every time I look at it, I get like mesmerized by that damn, it's hypnotic. Not seriously, look at it and look away the hands. Not on head. Look at I think people are making it their wallpaper. Look at the way his hands and the head. I'm giving all this man put Sammy Davis Jr to shame on guarantee of that. He is doing a tap dance, so like so what you have never seen in your life. In fact, if he had skates on, he could be, maybe make the Panthers this year and you haven't even seen the original. Yeah, even a little clip of it, which they were showing every five minutes when that was hot. When that got Lara Paul Palmer and all that. But you'll see eventually if I have to go and rent the movie just to record the clip of what the real dancing dwarf looks like, yeah, then you'll die. 785 votes. We can do a 15 more to get over 800 during the show today and what's the result? For Rouse Only got four votes. Nice God Scott. They love him. They're upset. They want to squeeze his parts. The last thing I want to hear a hear about on the Roger show is sports, 166, eating s136, hockey 113, 119. Sorry. Mohore David 83. George 69 is George continues closing and closing on a old man's rusty old A. Absolutely. What's out for the seeds? Music 46, politics 45, movies 43, religion 37, QAM politics, meaning office inside crap only 21, caller 16 and for Rouse Only got four. I've nearly 800 votes. That is pretty heavy duty. He's doing better than you are George. Now you know what's going to happen inside. I'm going to say, well look at that. There's a lot more people. That's right. So he should look for you guys off it. Because now he'll be manipulating again. Oh yeah, Neil's audience right ahead for Rouse. We'll be doing just fine. Okay. While I'm sure muffler coming there breathlessly tomorrow morning. Well Greg had another meeting and we decided, you know, schmuck WQA. Good one. Excuse me. That was that was a Greg right there. WQA. Hey, yeah. Let me talk to Neil. No chance. I want a woman on this phone. I only got a few minutes here. I want a lady caller before we check out here to a clock today. It's going to be I'm going to have to write it in my diary. The last day of June 2003 I went four and a tower hours. Didn't take a lot of call. That's a good man. Took several. A couple of more okay. And not one female cared enough to sit her very best. I feel so freaking wounded, man. You have no idea. WQA. I'm lady line. Neil. Not a lady. WQA. Hello. There we go. Oh, right. Sorry. That was that was my phone. I just called you and it was my name. Your phone is farting. You might have the only farting phone in the world. I don't know about that. I'm a female heterosexual from Will Manors. Oh, right. You're the one. Oh, I love you George. Right. And the more juvenile and adolescent you are the better and all right. Your are kind of listeners. We are thanks for making my day. And I was woke for Leonardo DiCaprio as I will not watch and move me with him in it. You know something I'm putting it down. We'll take suggestions right now. I'm putting that down for the list. In any of my I agree. I wouldn't watch it either. And I did see him in what's eating Gilbert grapes. But he was a perfect role in that because he played a retard. Well, Gilbert was in it. There was a retard for sure. Okay. Have a great day. Okay. That's a good one. Leo DiCaprio. That's not my list. Oxford choice. Is the matter of fact who was the other one I was talking about? Well, what's that? Which will Smith? Well, no, I would watch and movie with Will Smith before I would watch Leo DiCaprio. I will not do it. I mean, to me he is such a screaming, mincing, embarrassing, faggot. I can't even begin to end then of course the tabloids always was seen with 15 women and his apartment. Yeah, right. And then if you read a little bit further down in the story, what I were like six lesbian's out on the balcony and there was with the only other people seen in the apartment. I mean, come on. Are you following anybody Leo? Give me a break. He makes math David look like hercules. I'll leave Matt a little. I like Matt Damon. Even you like some of his movies, right? And why do I mention him in the same breath? I don't know. That was bad. I apologize, man. I apologize. I apologize. I apologize. Connection. Look at what we got on it. Pull an even eight. Eight. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. 100. Wow. And you know what we got all over to Scott for. We got our lead in now. We got our tended to back we're making some progress. And of course, it all depends who gets the diaries. The spring works already over. Ended like 12 days ago, June 18. So we'll see how to fall out was. We'll see if our people got the diaries. If they were loyal, if they're back on a show now, it's tended to. If we're making a comeback or Greg read like just stuck that thing right through our heart like Dracula. That's how I feel. Or somebody stuck me with a spear right through my comb. That's how I feel Greg went at nine to one crab. Just took the energy just like pulling a guy to him plug out of the hot balloon. And now like somebody blew it back into us. You don't. Little blowback. What? 51 at five 60 W. You got the mad dog. Jim Madd is going to talk some Marlon crap. I sure hope not. Talk football. I don't want to tell you about what to talk about. Go talk about the Marlins. It's so boring. You see the fact that they like for us so much. And even in spite of the Marlon crap and all those free tickets, that's quite an endorsement. You know it? Because you know it's well-resided that most of our audience finds the Marlins stuff as terminal is listening to paint dry. And he's still out of eight hundred and twelve votes. He's still only got four. So I think he might be more popular than God damn the six million dollar man. And all those sandwiches. And let me tell you right now if you want to get a great night sleep, you can go to a bed and group apartment store and get ripped off. You can buy a bunch of crap. You can go through a big sun to dance. You can lay down on the thing for about 10 seconds and see if you like it. That's not the smart way to buy a mattress. The smart way to do it is like all of us a QAM do that is make one easy call to the experts. The bedding experts at the town of mattress 1 800 mattress. You won't believe how easy it is to pick out a perfect bed for you and your back. Because if you're an architect a good night sleep, all day long you feel like crap. If you go into a show where I'm going to try to steer you to a house brand or discontinue you'd say something they're trying to get rid of. Never happens at that amount of years they don't sell any crap. They don't even have it in stock. All they want to do is study the top quality in the world. Seely, sort of, Simmons temper peed. No sales gimmicks. No false promises. And they got the high-end beds too for your high rollers. They got Seely's crown jewel line and the top models from every brand of the world all at every day on beatable low prices. So just make the one easy call and you'll see what a spectacular deal is all way around because the dollar mattress they've got that comfort exchange policy. If you're not completely satisfied, if you don't love that mattress, they'll exchange it for you with no questions asked. And they take away the crappy old bedding and set up the new one for free. You get to choose the date and time for delivery that fits you schedule when you're going to be home and it's convenient for you and you to our window. Nobody else in the universe does all of these things for you. So if you want to get you a great new mattress and a super night sleep for years to come, make the one simple call like the rest of us have been doing out for a long time. Call 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MATTRES for dollar macros or check them out on the way about MacRUS.com. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey hey Laura Wow let's tryheure Every day Reminds For Christmas Today Will Here Already Play low now I'm 50, six to five, 60. Nobody can, he makes my skin crawl, Leo to Camprio, how are we gonna woored that tomorrow? That's kind of a tough one. I was just thinking, how we're gonna woored it? You know, right, we got all night. What do you mean, what's this weed, Kimus? What's that weed, Crav? You're not the one that words deported, you do bad bull. I got a turd in my pocket. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Oh, you're one's been shaking hands with Moa, huh? maybe maybe asking kissing make up 567. Oh, that's 60 I was just thinking about for road describing how he had you know, I'll walk around with his hand in the back of his pants digging for gold And then you know shakes people's hand. I wouldn't be shaking more Howard David at 10 a.m. soon if I were you unless you're gonna Unless you carry some of that disinfectant around with you. I always do Do you see back when the sourcing was getting everybody a little panic he up here all these people walking around with these little tiny What do they call that stuff the waterless hand wash? Exactly and they were scrubbing and rubbing and then doing a good. WQAM Neil yes, sir. Why is it so miserable individual? Meaning this is the retire guy. Is this all this is the retired guy doing the video so angry? Yeah, you're so so full of crap. Drop dead. WQAM Hey, it's lady. Oh, right. Let's hear it. I'm actually one of the contestants for next month It's not actually a couple of contest. Is this you? And I wanted to comment tell you about moving 28 days. I didn't get the beginning of the show and I don't know if I anybody brought it up But it's a really great movie. It's a great movie. One guy said it was so bad he got it and walked out just a half hour into it. He was old He was not old I'm ragging oh, well, I thought it was great and my boyfriend thought it was great and I don't know if you see shallow graves Which is also by any boy. It's Kind of like that it similar. It's very good though. You should know it's not like quiet. It's not like train spotting. No, I didn't know No, I thought train spotting once thought it was Interesting, but too much and it wasn't like that in other words. You're no hands in a toilet ball on this one. No, no And it's not that it's not your typical zombie movie. They're not zombies Pretty good. Okay, thanks. We got wrong below about where the scan came out great. Oh Great thanks for the pictures road all the way back Okay, see you bye Yeah, there's another don't forget get those uh, what is it contest at deal rages.com? Yes for the pictures and this is our fourth and final one of these How a couple contest at least for right now and you could win a trip to the Bahamas for two or two Jamaica for two months the hedonism two or three or four or five and We got a long way to go though. I like the fact we're starting this early because it gives you like two weeks to get the pictures in and then Monday June 14th will put the pictures out of our website and they'll have a full week to vote on him and Monday June 20 I'd July 21. We'll pick the winner Maybe more likes to do that too pick the winner 567. 560 pound 560 WDQAM nobody there. What a shame. That was probably gonna be our best call today. WQAM WDQAM Nobody there. WDQAM Yeah, uh, nail push. Yes, they're speaking No speaking yes call them air for call springs Sandra Bowley she makes my skin crawl. Are you serious? Yes, I am. I see too she see too close. See no talent I then I think that you know that she's the prime example and there's early movie She did either something like that. Yeah, it was a runaway bus and all and she ended up I after that I was convinced she could not actually might be a little bit better but I think you know It's the one of those typical things we're holly with Put someone in whoever they want to put in and they just promote the hell out of them. Okay, I think she's cute But have a great day. You know, I think that the aphagica that was the same guy again Really you know I'm talking about the chronic sports guy anyway mad dog is coming up now Bye bye I get it dark as