If you can figure out how to work the clocks on time sack and Neil wouldn't have to like take your pay and use it to buy me lunch You get everything right So you You're overrated You tubby do best VAM You and be a lover. So let me ask you a question. What time do the festivities start because I had a call from Clarence yesterday But I mean I didn't move y'all I cramp about what I'll be okay if boo called in or I'll let it clock in a morning Oh my god I'm reading through the stuff here. I don't see anything starting 11 o'clock this morning Well, it is it's flag were and then later today and four-launched other doing on on boats Yeah, and it's just I mean it clearly just put in some block on for like an hour Dude, it's it's just a scene around it. Motorcade is it one o'clock right? And then about 230 I think you may be able and the book parade starts at 430 till five o'clock You got that right and I'm reading all of this stuff and I'm wondering what they're gonna be talking about 11 o'clock this morning What's boo gonna be down your rub? Try to like get the they've been boring excited or something. I think he's gonna try to Actually, I think he's gonna try to emulate this Andy Aga fires and start some arson You know the fact that we're still playing promos with Dave and Boris voice from the world series that is How about from us from the wild card win. Oh my god Oh, I don't want to go up up in a way like Superman put a cape on okay and that is part of the big celebration Today we ought to take him like to one this game tower and like put a cape on Dave and boring and have him jump on So did you see Ryan greasy last night? I didn't watch any of that. I was too depressed about the least blow in that game last night I guess it landed no less against no well-laners pretty good. You think they come around now in five years Well, they're also a hell of a good start They look like a pretty good to me that cobalt tube man this kid is they some first seven games He's got to head for it. He's faster than Bere was no And in fact, Bure you know, there's another guy played in South Florida got treated like crap God no respect and then whatever garbage they peddled about him Oh, yeah, the media reported doodifully buried Jackass and all the other Mike what's that little pudgy guy? It writes in a sunsen LaHaki I was a I'm like Russo and they are the other they sparked it after the hero Well, whatever they would tell him to put in the paper They would report it greed doodifully a while pop out was disruptive in a room and he's just he's by far the most exciting athlete whoever played sports in South Florida There's nobody's even close even Brian greasy It's a purpose for today because the memory last night's game is first in their mind You don't think Jeff Ryan Don't keep falling down Brian you don't think Jeff Kona. Did you know the beast died this morning? Well, yeah, that's one of those things. You know who did die? Oh, oh, yeah, ready. Rod ruddy man Yeah, he had great outfits. He had great outfits. You were used to buy him? Vegas, Thailand sweet. I get mine and a Shelly balloons. I guess now I can tell a rest of the story right George about why he used to go to Thailand I keep getting the mattress that your dial-a mattress can you give me a mattress dude? Sure no problem Oh, yeah, I mean the I love the carpet people dry condiments No, I want to give you the mattress and dial-a mattress mattress mattress That because 34C I got a share of queen what are it's impossible You're gonna cheer on me. I mean you mean Clarence is hanging out the house now? No, no, no, no, no 30 more see I'm talking about it Fantasy fifth by the way We're back any deal with some heavy duty work. I asked him to ask that I do on vacation It was just a one-day Seriously, why don't you explain to me what what it is? Why would we be talking to boo? Why are they interrupting my high paid show? I love boo don't give me right is it kind of great talent But what are we gonna talk about Leather clock this morning? There's nothing going on yet Well, I had a bunch of little hussies call from down on a street corner with cocaine Escobar and now it's more exciting than anything Boo's gonna give you what's he gonna talk about the game from last Saturday and not on this show He's not what he has talked about. I'd say my mind clearance tell boo don't take it personal But or if you want to take it personal go ahead We're not in a rough thing to show to put up reports on reckless reports because all of a sudden we're to Marlon's thing But if we had a big float with a couple of balls They said we've got balls and we all went around with a big sack on a float and we hung Donasholala and effigy right there I'm gonna hurt Wait man, I don't even come down to see that I would pay money to really can we get it? Just don't know anybody can get us a quick float. That was about floats Look at that. It is got The violence with violence with violence Give me another beer party Yeah, I've won the vote Pay pay this is done The violence Now women voters didn't care That I pinched all their buns The people of California They like be a lot Because just like they might have a few edges at small lots of fun I And the governor it's true haha so bad public Everyone see me I am the You like the movies. That's why I become Oh, God you fool ya! Who could've been in it? All right, who can believe it anybody? No, no, not really. We'll wake up one day. Here's the code of the day Code of the month If you want to create a strong nation in a strong country you cannot let everybody be an individual because everybody has his own opinions And you just can't stick together as a strong nation Then you have to tell people what to do and you can't just let them float away in Germany There was a lot of unity quote from California's new governor like Arnold Schwarzenegger As we goose step along at damn Tony that's why the Lord is burning California That's why 500,000 acres have already burned and it's no end and say they're burning a whole state of God is burned up He has pissed off and fired up. Let me tell you right now So as I just told for real, we're not gonna put Bugani here today unless he's got something special We're not talking baseball, you know the games are burning up to begin with and I will say it was all nice exciting Ron it was good for the community like I was telling everybody we found out on the show yesterday Nobody really appears. It's just an excuse to go out and get drunk Am I right about that? Yeah, that's one thing South Florida does really well already Yeah, I could drop it a head for any excuse Well, they really give a crap or not now. It's been kind of that 1100 votes on our second poll yesterday, but we did heavy duty Do you realize we did almost 1600 votes? What all together shirt on a weekday pool? That's pretty impressive now that I'm back. I mean Anyway Now George did a fine job. I was going to let me say it again You bastards out there they ripped George and asked all the time and I can understand why but regardless of that How come you don't have like a little you know what it reminds me of? It's like jica where is jica's column saying oh? I wrote some stuff like two years ago and about the Rogers this and about how can he make it work and the doing the show from Toronto and Amsterdam and here in here and now that the ratings come out of work kicking ass Where's his column? Where's his saying like oh, but you know what guess what they pulled it off? It's really phenomenal and it's real tribute to the old man and George and Greg read being a moron and screw in the screw and everything and say oh By the way, speak of that did you know about P.D. Lanyon D'Areen? So anyway 113 votes Did you already know about that or you know about this morning? Oh, oh, man Talk about birds of a feather Flocking together. So here's the pull result from our second pull yesterday Oh, I look at what look at us calls. Let's hear it for the marlins. Come on. That must be what it's about here's a call from Miami. Hello Yes, sir. Good Marlins station 113 votes how much did the world series win by the Marlins impact your interest in the team? A bit I watch some are all of the games 330. That's what I voted. That's almost a 29.9% some but I've been a fan already 326 that's 29.5% which is almost Not at all. I still don't give it shit mid about them 289 26.2% over a quarter Tons. I really impacted me tons of a real fan now 158 14.3% we believe that no, but that sounds pretty impressive And we're gonna do two polls again today. Although we got a lot just too much crap You know, so we don't have time for boogin or stupid calls. Sorry clearance, but I changed my mind You see suck me into it. I got sucked in. Yeah, you're in a good mood this morning No, no, it's not just that but I thought when he called me yesterday I thought that the festivities were starting like maybe 11 o'clock in the morning something like that and boogies Going to call in and give you report and there's thousands of people on it. There's nothing going on till minimum one o'clock The motorcade on southwest eighths read Ocho yeah, it's gonna start at one o'clock and end about 230 the the boat parade isn't till 430 Oh five on the new river and Fort Lauderdale. So what is he talking about? You know, I'm really ignorant about you know all these sports activities, but what you are what could the report sound like at best? What are we gonna find out that's interesting that we didn't already know beats in a lot of me Well, it's just their way of trying to like you know sneak into the four hours here because a god forbid it's like when it used to be a Jimmy Johnson press conference You know and very jackass near the sports nerds would rip me and ask oh WQM is supposed to be a sports station but during the new Rogers show that the input on Jimmy Johnson's press conference saying we got a shot Yeah, well speaking of Jimmy Johnson. Here's the first poll that I let's get it up right away And I know that people are gonna say well gee, you know you're always just like yesterday. I mean What do we get we get not only a lot of people call yesterday saying well I'm not gonna get to excited because they're gonna just more they're gonna go to this mantle of team again They're gonna Mickey mantle of team and then we also get oh well Why are you talking about sports? You're always saying it's not a sports show. I mean finally something good something exciting happens in South Florida and The South Florida audience all they can do is be negative and then they blame me of being like not enthusiastic enough What would you like me to do like do a Kazanski in my pants? What would you like me to do about it? You're the ones that are supposed to be excited on that there. I'm out of touch like jikasas I've been over at Amsterdam Waking up at four in a morning and looking on the damn text unseen and to see what the final scores have been that's what I've been doing And that's the truth to show you that I had like a little oh look at that anti-game preacher busted Slicing a 14 year old boy. I'm gonna get to that story soon What a shock in it. Okay, it's full number one And I better get a lot of a more good calls like that first one too Who should be the dolphins starting quarterback after Brian greasy's brilliant performance In temp he last night it heard it was a tempest in a peepot Brian greasy Jfeetler. I hate the dolphins. I don't give a Schmidt or Hanyi a little enough sports You asshole those are your five choices on another sensational pool Who should be the starting dolphin quarterback? That's a little controversy now It's a lot of good controversy. I see great co-tex hopped right into with this morning But it'd be better but a stab and poor gfeetler in the back I think you're an anti-semite Greg. I think that's what is I think it's a religious thing don't you? Yeah, I think he's anti-semantic red co-tex you idiot and Dan Levester still wants to know how come a Cuban the Alex Gonzalez did hit the home run to win game number five right? Sure, he's a good old-stick So there you go so without Alex Alice Gonzalez and wasn't also Alice Gonzalez who made that great slide around to touch the play beyond Jorge Posada see if I ever hear Timacarvers say Jorge Posada again. I make him myself The way he's if you know what I'm talking about Scott? Oh the way he draws it out the way yeah Jorge Posada like like he's trying to be like literate in our ticket a bit It literally he's a crap x-joc Timacarvers the anti-Christ see hey Ronnie don't worry about a Reagan thought He was the anti-Christ have no fear Timacarvers here. He just won't shut up But it's a book but about it's for he postada, but unfortunately for Jorge postada Alice Gonzalez slid around and got his finger on a plate and that was the first run the game that won the world serious And I right that was the winning run. It was it was absolutely correct 10 14 at 5 60 WM we got your Marlins station baby lots of festivity Speaking of a mattress for a feral and we will get him one from our friends in dollar mattress That's the only way to do it now when you see the mattress there is advertising a 50% off sale It's probably a trick or treat mostly a trick they've inflated the regular price to give a false impression of saving your money Forget about it the mattress industry's full of phony claims shell games. That's why you should be doing business only with dollar My Chris like I do no false promises no bait and swish just discount prices every day on a brand name You know and trust now including students of an antis foster on a sales practices and fantastic service keep dollar mattress ranked number one in Customer satisfaction when you call dial a mattress at 1 800 mattress You pick today in time for delivery any to our window seven days week from 8 an a until 10 p.m. They'll show up on time You'll be pleased as punch. I've been sleeping on a mattress some dollar mattress for a cool in zagia You ought to be doing it to with low prices same day delivery free setup and move. It's easy to see Why dollar mattress is right the best in the world and customer satisfaction So please don't get sucked in by those mattress your arms or furniture store ads They can't match what you get every day from dollar mattress So pick up your instrument right now stick your finger deep inside of it and call 1 800 mattress That's 1 800 m a TTR ES or check them on the wicked worldwide web at mattress dot com Follow both and soda the bill See the ticker tape rates starts at 11 you guys have no clue what's going on. What's okay, parade Starts it love Ground floor to major Ground gum Don't 7 We run time over all the phenomena 4 We unless you terror us We go put on an energy Rift off It is gone Control to measure One You're total 2370 5 10 I don't believe There's nothing 10 And as the home You got a comment Pick it up Yes Let me show the van door Yes This is Major wound To farm To tofu I got a few Complains How the Heck I oh for God I'm so drunk you kn Got him he turned alright I'll try to clear and shoot you one hell of a job these last two days. Not. I mean, it's amazing. Even for RAL who of course is deep involved in this summing up to his armpits. He didn't have any idea about the ticket tape parade. Remember I tried to act similar was going on? See, it seems to me that besides all of these liners about QAM is doing this and QAM is doing this and Kimba Boakampers doing that and the big- oh, it's going to be on from two to four from the parade. It's maybe an addition to that. It would have been nice if carrots were to lay out the agenda. You know, like facts, everybody is shooting say, here's the schedule. As opposed to my having to dig through the store from the goddamn scum sentlether and finally figure out all of their stories pretty crappy too, that the downtown Miami parade starts at 11 o'clock this morning. I think it's a great parade. Which I guess is my wanted book because I still don't want to talk to them. Do you think we ought to talk to them? But what? No, exactly. That's my point. I mean, we love you, boog, you're a great guy, but do not call it on the show because we won't take the call. We'll slam the phone down in your ear. I'm just going to, you know, if he's getting laid lately, you know, if he wants to tell us if he's going to take the job of the Met's, I'd be delighted to break that story and put it down in the ear. But anything other than that, I'm not going to talk to him about. There's a point where we got the ticket tape parade starts at 11 this morning and you get noon in the ceremony at Bayfront Park. Then about 1 PM, there'll be a thing along a little of an as Kai Ocho, a 20 block route in the motorcade stop parade starting at 1.0230. You got that? The long southwest, eighth street, Kai Ocho, must be getting laid. And then in Fort Lauderdale, not to be left that, a 1.5 mile boat parade featuring more than 20 yachts and parboats along the river starting at 430. And if I just have to move with a ceremony, Laosola's riverfront, politicians in the Dignare, a dignitaries will speed you five, of course, try to seize the moment and glamorize themselves and then Tito Pente Jr. will play salsa, brewing the whole thing is perfect and they're going to have Sinha Cruz hanging from the float, which I think is beautiful. Don't you? Huh? They got a taxi there, me. Sinha Cruz has been stuffed and she's ready to celebrate with William Marlins today. Everybody talks about this. They're very excited to say Joel Manwasa, lingering in the shade of Laun Kai Ocho. It's going to be a big party, he said. Lots of people are coming. Squirtch, quirtch said, my many police spokeswoman detective Delresh Moss. We've spent big numbers. I've seen a few big numbers. Parents have been even crowded with a parameda's, if they can keep their kids out of school. And a son sent me'll says, no police can't authorize hooky playing. Oh, Jesus, God Almighty, I feel so sorry for you people. Last time in Marlins won the World Series in 1997, a quite more than 12,000 spillout at Bayfront Park Celebration House of Weather today. Just fun. See, sir, I already mordin' that. About 2,000 fans later, Jan de Rivermanks for a Fort Lauderdale boat parade, every lot more than that. Unlike the last celebration, there'll be no open-outs party. We had to call about that yesterday, and I was again embarrassed because they don't tell us anything. Asked me whether it'd be an open-outs party at Pro Player Stadium like last time in 1997, but may at 80,000 people the answer is, no. Yeah, turrets, you really, I mean, you talk about drop in the balls. Ah, oh, great. Great, there. Good, Golly, whatever. So the beast has gotten ammonia and he may be on Death's Door. Team officials, the three events are enough, so they want to do the thing of PP. Part plus, it could be a little chaotic, you know. Outside the Marlins in Miami Story, Little Havana, fans lined up 50 deep to buy memorabilia. Oh, great, Brian. They're also waiting for screw-ins, new book, one, and a pink, and one of the stickers that we released tomorrow. She's got some pre-sign copies, waitin' on you. Boxes were stacked up outside workers to open cardboard with accommodate the fans who police lay inside one by one, passing cars that are known with Marlins' fag flags, honk their occupant shot. Come on, let's everybody get south Florida who's listening to this show start honking him horns right now, baby. Hockey a brain job. That's it. Pank it up. Old Amir windows and say, we love the Marlins. They're really great. Who's on a team of stitching like? They're looking forward to the parade, say Valentin Garcia, Miami, I think they should close down a whole city in Valentin, you're right. Why not? Why not? All right, let's go. Give us all the day off today. We can be out of here by 1030. See ya. While Rio also, Miami waited in the sun for more than four hours to get an official black team jersey to where to the parade. It's going to be big, he said. It's going to be really, really big. It's a black team. Down the street, the Cuban restaurant, La Carreta, La Carreta, all already displayed a banner reading, apoyemos and the waste restaurants company on Ace, are we support our champions? I sure like a way I read that. I'll play. I should have just quit. I was ahead. Restaurant manager, Felix him and his name also wins in C and anticipating increased business called in more staffers today, but he's he's the exception. In the Spanish community, people are going to give the day off so people can go to the parade all the festivities and also expecting a little bounce in business was Debbie Mason. Manager of the ugly tuna saluna restaurant that's the name. The ugly tuna saluna in Las Alas Riverfront. If you said we're going to be staff in a place like it's New Year's Eve, we don't just expect more business. We expect mad days. Come on, everybody. Hump that horse. Keep them hunk and put them all in. What do you say? Put on a good act. Make people authentic and really care about it. That's it. Tank it up. Start giving everybody your number one that will deal. This story that was sent into a stage to the man fractures out there. We got some good. Just worry about the former decant who sexually abused these and two guys, but we also have this one. One of my favorites in history. Anti-gate preacher busted soliciting 14 year old boy. West Chester, Pennsylvania. Why better do the break first, huh? Yeah, we don't want to interrupt that. We don't want to enter. No, I don't want to interrupt that story. We certainly don't want to get like too far behind because we got a lot to heavy duty. Stepping clean. Lots of enthusiastic and sighting Marlin calls today. Like this one in Miami. Hello. We need a Christian quarterback. 1026 at 560WQM as the beat goes on, baby. So far to continue to be on fire. Oh, California. You ain't got nothing on us. You know, what are the best kept dining secrets in the history of South Florida is located right there in Kroll Springs. The Gold Coast Seafood Grills is celebrated there when you're anniversary and they got three and a half big fat stars from the Sun Sentinel Showtime dining review. The Gold Coast Seafood Grills got all kinds of specialties including mango plum salmon. Custard, my, he, my, he orton. Honey Glaze, C-Bass and crab and shrimp stuff trout and lots more to. There's an incredible bar atmosphere with extensive wine and martini list. Big, big, gigantic martinis. And happy hour only five and a half bucks and four to seven PM every day seven days a week. The Gold Coast Seafood Grills located in Kroll Springs at 252 North University, drive inside the beautiful walk shopping center called 954255 fish for reservations and more information. And on the other side of the sea, the Gold Coast Seafood Grills are now out of the top of the sea. So you can find the best kept secret and lunch in the dining in all of South Florida, the Gold Coast Seafood Grills and Kroll Springs at 252 North University drive inside the walk shopping center. That's the Gold Coast Seafood Grills where you'll always find great seafood and unbeatable prices too. My, my, and local we're sports radio 560. It's me rush open up man. I've got the stuff. It's me rush man open up. I've got the stuff. It's rush man open up. I think the clinton saw me coming here. It's rush man. Will you open up? I got the stuff with me. Oh, rush man open up. Right. Yeah, rush. Come on man open up. I think members of the Democratic Party saw me. Right here. No man. I'm rush man. Hey, come on man. It's rush man. Will you open up? I've got the oxy cutton with me. Who? Rush man. Open up. Right there. Rush. Right here. No man. I am rush man. Will you come up? Open the door. Will you? I've got the stuff with me. And I think Hillary saw me. Who is it? The, the, the, the, the door man. It's rush. Who? Rush. Or you. It's, it's, it's. Will you open the door? Right. Yeah. Rush. Right man. Rush. Now will you open up the door? Rush. Now here in. 1032 at 560 W to Q. I am. All kinds of stuff going on today. Look for the QM prize patrol at the Marlon parade. Miami starts at 11 o'clock. We'll have QM clappers. Yeah. I'll just get the clap from Doreen if you like. And special QM Florida Marlon's world serious t-shirts. We got a crap load of those from what I'm hearing. Yeah, they'll sound like this. Okay. And QM will be broadcasting live from to the seven with the big. Oh. Yeah. Okay. Let's see. Or Landleby on. And that's the thing on the river. It does it starts at 430. But don't ever let that stop us because naturally we have the capitalized. We can't squeeze as much cash out of it as possible. Log out to WQM dot. Come and look for the Florida Marlon's world series wall. Don't look to the desktop of your computer. All of that stuff. All that very important information from Clarence Dero, who's doing one piss. Poor job. Come on. Let's see, Orlando beyond and business kind of like redundant. Why? That he sends me this thing. Didn't I just get you saying the big- Oh! It's gonna be on two to four and Kimba from four to seven at- Huh? I just got through saying that. A little redone. Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? We have a lot of that. We have an important show to do here. We can't like sideline and show because the Freaking Marlins won the World Series. They did? Anybody who's interested in that show and get though they're done in their guiaberas and their Marlin T-shirts? Right? Marlins guiaberas. That's right. Let's have some Marlins guiaberas. Why? Guiaberas. Or they're like hopping into the New River right now. Can we like start swimming outside now? So whatever it is you want to do, go celebrate. Have a party, have a great time. But don't interfere with my highly rated show, please. That's why it is clearance you idiot. You lying, sack a crap. Here's a call from Boiton Beach, your Marlin Station QAM. Hello. Boiton Beach. Hello. Yes sir. How are you doing now? Pretty good. Are you going to be coming down for the parade? No, no, I'm working now. Oh, damn it. I just want to let you know. You should have a charge of the show in Ophor for a year, you know. Yeah. He's a nice guy. Yeah. All right, him. So that's the problem. I want to say. And I want to fill out a couple of friends on my, you know, they're Yankee friends. That's the one that's done that, you know, the Yankee sucks. Yankee sucks. OK, thanks a lot, Pali. Go call her from Boiton Beach. He said, George is OK. Not to great, but go OK. And Yankee sucks. He's got the good stuff. 99 votes on a poll. He's in Boiton Beach. You better hit the highway right now. Have a look at her. She highway. He should be good off and starting quarterback. This is our first poll today. We might let this go a little longer. And I anticipate because you have a one request I'm building. I don't know. The other one is too positive. I don't think the town is in a mood for that. Based on yesterday and based on so far today, while they're all stoned off their ass, OK? And why don't you hold on? It's a party time. The Marlon just wanted world series. That's what I'm going to excuse. Just get stoned on your ass. 102 votes. Who should be the often starting quarterback? Brian Greasy 55. Hey, Neil, I've sports you ass. Hold 16. I don't give a Schmidt 13. I hate the offense 11. I was my vote. And Jay Feele is only got seven for the Jewish boy. 55 to seven out of those people who care who give a crap 55 for Brian Greasy and poor Jay Feele is only got seven. Oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I course the show you when you're down in that town, man. They just hop on your ass. And what they're right of course unless you want to. And in fact, maybe though 7 people are people who like jets in a papied fans. That could be it. I've got people who are hoping that Alpen's lose their ass. Oh, yeah. Put fever in her. He's a better than you think he is. Hey, Brian. Don't fall down now. Hey, who do you think's going to start against Indianapolis Sunday? He's got a lot of stuff. Don't strike. Constructions are going to be starting. Earl Morals is going to be waiting in the wings with that big sheriff's haddy's got. He's going to be coming in from Davy. Anti-gave preacher busted soliciting 14 year old boy Westchester, Pennsylvania. A Pennsylvania preacher known for his fire and brimstone sermon speaking of brimstone hats. The announcing homosexuality has been charged with offering $20 to a 14 year old boy for all sex. All right. The Reverend Stephen White, but her known as brother Stephen. Gregory visited college campuses throughout the Northeast often at Penn and Yale in Connecticut. Why does the waiting trial, which is set for November 24, but police say they're continuing to investigate why and believe they may have, he may have victimized more than just one juvenile. We believe there may be other victims out there that this wasn't then isolated incident Westchester police detective Stan Billy said. According to court documents, why to purse the teen in a green Ford van? And as if he knew of any strip clubs at all bookstores or shops that sold sexual explicit videos, when a boy said he did not, white unsuccessfully attempted to lure the boy into the vehicle, white then told the boy he could make some money by letting white perform oral sex on him. After the encounter to boy, I guess the boy wanted more than 20. After the encounter to boy reported the van's license plate numbered with his mother who then contacted the police, nice gone kid. Campus crusade for Christ leader Aaron has to be agreed that her organization doesn't call our collectively support white. Campus crusade for Christ. Another Stephen is not involved or affiliated with any of these student Christian groups listed on Penn or for Jesus has to be said, Penn for Jesus. Now he'll prefer the pencil so he can erase it. If he changes his mind, the general attitude of these Christian groups has been one of this and given certain aspects of both the brothers Steve's theology and methods as an oralist moral that made a huge of a methodist. Sid Chippola Sid Onion a former coordinator of the lesbian, you know Chippola's onion and tangy, you know that. Now you do. Sid Chippola, I former coordinator of the lesbian gave my sexual and transgender cooperative a deal since he was in disbelief. When she heard about white alleged sexual offense, I'm still kind of in prejudice she told the Yale Daily News. How is it that anyone can engage in something so clearly taboo, especially someone who presents themselves is so entrenched in morality. I feel sorry for this man and for the boy who crossed his path. Let me just say it again. Every single one of the homophobes, every one of the finger pointers, everyone is a closet faggot. There are no exceptions. Amen, brother. Why does charge with criminal intent to lure a child into a motor vehicle and criminal solicitation to involuntarily deviant sexual intercourse? Last week a Florida preacher was charged with attempting the lure of 15 year old boy for sex, police arrested hewart lead Bennett of West Palm Beach. Did you have that story on? I don't know. Shame on you. He's accused of using a gain in a chat room to pick up the teen, Bennett was an assistant youth minister at the first 7th day at Venice Church in West Palm Beach, says he was using the chat room to talk to young boys and girls about being gay and to try to put them on the right path, aka path to his door. Right, the path to their back door or whatever door they be looking for. I was going there on you, a finger port is out there, a bunch of phony faggots, you're not full of nobody, not this kid. 20 minutes away, I guarantee the calls are going to start pouring in all these people under cell phones from the big ticket tape parade. Right. And where is that ticket tape parade? Go over there. That's out. Well, let's see. Let's ask. What, didn't even say here. Flagler. Doesn't even, I'm not going to listen to you. Do you think I'm out of my mind or something? Yes. In downtown Miami, workers prepared to stencil the world series in Sydney and Marlins logo where the team would pass a ticket tape parade starting 11 and again a new ceremony to be from Park. This is a really a horse ball story. This is bad. So it's a contest I hooted the worst job. Clarence are the assholes at the Sun Sentinel. Why isn't there like a little diagram? You know, showing where it starts, where it ends, who's going to be a hot dog on the other bottom? Huh? They've been showing it on the news. Who's name ends in a easy things like that? All of them. But anyway, this other motorcade style parade starts at 1 and ends at 2.30. So we got stuff going on. Nonstop all day long and two by the clearance couldn't take the five minutes out of his busy schedule. No, what are the beast is under the weather, huh? Under the one. He was under the desk and I was under the weather because he probably got a tech by clearance from the euphoria of the big Marlin. You know, it's sports. So clearance got a little carried away. How do you found it there? Here's coconut creak, hello. The reverse only two laughs with 19 to 11 at 5.60. That's a QAM. Are we three? Are we batten a thousand or what? So far. Let me sit again. Even a tie-com. Even baby root. Never batten a thousand like we do on this show. 142 votes. Brian Greasy 82, who should be that often started quarterback. Hey, Neil, off sports you ass, old 20. I love putting those on there because they just hop on it. I don't give a Schmidt 16. I hate that often 15. J. Feeber 9. So 82 to 9. Not looking too big, J. Oh, hey, if you're looking for really neat place to pick up some good child. Here's the place. Vickin' Irves and I know about it because I ate there before most of you were born. Vickin' Irves has been around since 1934. Starting in my home time of Rochester, New York. Vickin' Irves in South Florida now. That's a good news for you. It's right by you. Looking at it on a federal highway. Just south of Bard, Goldvard, and a tunnel on the east side. Vickin' Irves is a flashback in time to what restaurants used to be before fast food crap. So go and enjoy a burger or hot dog served hot fresh and fast. Vickin' Irves is being brought to you in South Florida by the same guys who feed you. Cheap or grachieber grin they use the same fresh 100% ground chuck meat. As Cheap or grachieber grin, you're not even a credible big fat, quarter pound hot dog. What a piece of meat that is to put your lips around. Well, makes Vickin' Irves different from anybody else in town is that their burgers and dogs are served with thick signature meat sauce poured on top. So it does like a kazanski in your mouth that your combination of flavors that will really tickle your tonsils. If you want something else to try to get, let's say great dishes on the menu including a stupidious breakfast menu. They have all your favorite things like omelette cooked to order French toast pancakes and all your favorite side dishes too. Stop Africaners whether you're from Rochester, Brighton, Run to Quitley, Royce, Syracuse, Elmira, Palmyra, Ethica, wherever to head your from, and see what all to talk is about. Vickin Irves on federal highway just south of Bard, Goldvard, and the tunnel on the east side and for Loderdale. And be sure to tell that ancient Neil, Saint-Jibbe. My, my, and low. This is Fort Rereal, by Syracuse. And where the, who am? Yeah. First there was vanilla coke. Then Pepsi jumped on the bandwagon with Pepsi vanilla. And now, Pepsi is trying to rip off coke in an even bigger way. Introducing Pepsi coke. It's Pepsi with a flavor of coke. I haven't had Pepsi disc with it since the last time I had it coke. That's because the cans had Pepsi, but the taste says coke. Wow Pepsi coke is awesome. See, some twenty something gulp it down and said it was awesome. So it's gotta be good. And it comes in every possible variety. There's diapepchico one, caffeine free Pepsi coke. Cappy free diapepchico, cherry Pepsi coke, lemon cherry diapepchico, blue and Cappy free lemon cherry diapepchico, blue with caffeine. Wow, I had no idea the taste of all my favorite Pepsi flavors would taste better with the taste of coke. Take the Pepsi coke taste test today. And see if you can tell if you're tasting Pepsi or coke or both Pepsi coke. It's the Pepsi name you know with the taste of coke you know. If there's any of those swimming false specialists that they're got a great new scam for you, the Coca Cola people in their real brilliance, they came out with like a clan coke classic, which I thought was long gone, right? And they put it in the big two liter bottles with the same color like brownish orange, you sure label as the diet coke. You see where I'm going with this? Oh, it like poison. The caffeine free. So anybody that's like diabetic or like desperate to lose weight and they're just done putting sugar to the system and things to divine diet coke because it's got the same color label on it. And then it turns out after they took the swig of the first like five ten gallons of it, that it's a coke classic and loaded with sugar and they're going like, I'm dying over here. It's good lawsuit. It sounds like tomato. Well, you go for it. You're allergic. I'm working on it right after the show. Anyway, so who gave you this nice math that we got here all these details? I've raised a search and found it in the Gerald and printed it up in fact. See, there you go. We had to find an arrow because the Sun Sentinel blow is that's number one of Clarence. He's just falling down on the job. Don't ever give a little child a man's job and expect him to get it done. Clarence you blow. I mean, I love the man's job. It has a. What kind of jobs? Anyway, the parade starts. I'm going to clock this morning on flag mystery for my second avid to Bayfront Park on Biscayne Boulevard following a ceremony at noon in Bayfront Park to parade resumes at Southwest 27 of the avid Southwest 8th Street. It'll have east on Southwest 8 to 6 to have an ending by about two thirty. Two one. About thirty man. And let's see. The parade at 430 on today, the new River from Los Iberto give you that right? Featuring. Then the parade will be followed by a big party at the Riverfront Park at 5 p.m. featuring Marlins players music and food. And that's the second one. The boat parade. Now I just gave you the boat parade on the new River. It's probably this way. It's going to work. What about the one at one o'clock? What the hell is this story? Is that like small potatoes? Where is it? That one is 20 block route in a motorcade stop. We're starting in one p.m. I can't keep all of this stuff straight. It's too damn much. It's too heavy duty. Too out pressure. Now is that the same one is there only two events where there are three. Three. Right. There's the one that starts at one. That's the motorcade stop parade at one until 230. And there's the other part to any minute now starting the ticket tape parade. Right. That I just gave you the route. And then there's the boat parade on a new River. boat of them. So there's three. Count them. So we're just going to have a good time and get drunk and the stone off your ass. Like I said, I have a great day. It's available online. Well, a quick one. This map and all this information is online. No figure would now. Just look where it is all much at drunk people and you have a great time. Oh, here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I want to hear from somebody who's on the way to that big ticket tape parade right now. Here on your Marlon station. It would be really embarrassing. Almost as embarrassing as Jay Feele or have it only 12 boats out of 100 and 76 and Brian Greasy have a 97. Jay, don't take it personal as you want to. You're probably used to it by now, but not only don't they like you, not only don't have any confidence you're athletic abilities, which are marginal at best, but your closest association would somebody that we all know and despise. I absolutely, probably also have to do with the fact that you fall in like a falling star from the sky like a shooting star right to the ground in the eyes of the public out there because your closest association is somebody that they we've vile. I'd salute that they hate. I'd salute that they despise. I'd salute that they can't stand in which would just croco wicked death and take his weasel with them. I'd salute somebody like that. But I could be wrong. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, come on, let's chat it up as they say. And now what they say, that's chatting it up. That's what those brits say and they can look at them. If you got a strong stomach, here's Davey. Hello. Brian and Jay. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. You just see Morgan on it right now. You know. Yeah. Jimmy and Danny. Brian and Jay. Jay and Brian. Thank you, sir. You're a genius. You're hired. See, I knew we'd get a good call sooner later. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT and T line. We loved the dolphins. They won last night. But those poor Panthers. They really bite. I don't want to get scot off. Said he thinks the Panthers are good. Which they're not. I would tell you if they were good, but they're not. They're not. Mike. Can't say the man. So he's a joke last night. Blue or too nothing leave. Like eight nine minutes left in a gamut. Pretty sad boys. Hey, Pat. Black. Black. A little bit. Really nasty. You got all these other prehistories. I'm going to say these for a little later on. And you're like, give me like a baby. You drove in a. Then what kind of like piling on, you know? Kind of like father wrote tool. I used to do piling on it. Here's the call from four. A lot of sale. This might be our first. to the Marlins. Thank you. Brian Greasy number one. Hey, love you, Jay. 183 votes. Who should be the Dolphin starting quarterback? Bob Greasy 102. Haney a lot of sports you asshole. 25. I don't give a Schmidt 24. I hate the Dolphin's 20. That's a good choice. And Jay Feeleer 12. So the 114 votes between the two contenders there. They were could have been a contender. Brian Greasy is got 102 and poor Jay Feeleer is only got 12. Not too tight yet, huh? Oh, can I screw in? Not too tight. 5, 6, 7, I would have line one. Did anybody start working on that yet? No. Did you talk to fix it about it? Yes. And he said, but I've been to be done that all peak hours. What does that mean? That means that's be worked on when we don't have a daily phone calls. We have a day when we don't have any phone calls. Yeah, when all the shows are not using the call in lines. Late at night, I guess. Oh, I see. Like when we have ESPN radio on. So now there's like maybe a late in a week like Friday night. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Why should we worry about one crappy line? Here's Oakland Park. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you into ontown now? They'd look like it to me, yeah. Out the quality like the quality like the quality like here is sensational. It's outstanding. Okay. What about the quality of anal sex for you? The better. Partial sex is better than ever. Man, it's fantastic. How is yours lately? Yeah, see, he's got. He won't tell us about his. 560, 560, 560, 560, back home on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. And by the way, let me say it again. My paycheck from this last time, plus the abonus, plus the Italian check. There's enough money. I just got through putting it back in the morning to watch over your money back. They more than you make in two years, pal. And have a great day and have a good time at the parade. 560, 705, 60. Here's a call from Avon, to your hello. Hey, Neil. Good to have you back. Congratulations to the Marlins. Hello. Yeah, I'm listening, sir. Oh, I thought I got a car off. Sorry about that. No chance. I hate Neil. That's for Neil. Hey, sir. Bye, bye. Greedy will know if he's good and in the next game, I get the calls. We really played a, you know, not a really good team. Play a gross team last night in a dry stadium. That's right. Don't forget the penis cardinals play there in that stadium. Yeah, in addition to which everybody who got into that game paid exactly what it was worth for admission. Nothing. Sure. That's right. That's right. Neil. That's right. Congratulations against the Marlins. It's really nice to have you back. I missed you a lot. And that's about everybody's voting. Okay. How do you know, pal. You'll see in the parade. We'll see if the, in your banana boat, wherever the hell you are. Can you imagine all of banana boats are going to be going up the new river? Hey, I got my letter to see that. Well, I got, I don't know. I just, I think what I'm going to do is I'm going to leave the quarterback pool on all day today and save the other one for tomorrow. All right. Well, I'm serious because I just have too much stuff. I don't have time to be building no poles today. Okay. To be climbing on no poles and sputter what that fudge packer was in a couple of calls back. Five six seven. Let me say it again. Anyone who points the finger. Anybody starts with the anal sex. The fact that everyone of you is a freaking faggot. Okay. As what you are. Okay. You're a flying mattress. You're a closet bag. You're not pulling anybody. One. And that thing. The flying mattress. That's right. That's like a flying buttress. Right. Exactly the same thing. But, back home, Tristan. Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. I mean here to Marlins. We got the Parade's going on. We got ticker tape Parade in about six minutes and all of South Florida can think about is back home ash. That's all they know. Back to me. Yeah. Back to small and little and black to white ash. Back to loose ash. How do you using hemorrhage field? And back to them. Tick and seeds out of their. Back to ash. That's all you know from. That's the aim of the universe. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, man. What's going on with Ricky, man? We should just trade it. Ricky, Ricky. Yeah. Ricky Williams. Ricky Tickie. Yeah. Get lost. We're not talking about football. We're talking. Five six seven oh five sixty. See, here again. Who's exactly what I'm always said. I didn't watch any of the game last night. He couldn't have had a bad game. This farms sure watched the game. Did you? No. Oh. Well, did he have a decent game last night? Even if he didn't, they want to game 24 to 10. What is this man crying about? That's all you people know how to do is cry like babies like babies. If you got something good like I said before to a Ferrellas morning. Pawel Brewer, the greatest athlete who ever played in South Florida, they wouldn't know him from Pawlo the dog. They had no clue who it had. I got a word for your fans. They suck. Mal content. Yeah, that's exactly. That's very good. Mal content. I can even spell it. Yeah. You got Mal Brooks and you got Mal content. And that's what South Florida is loaded with no matter. What it is, you can't please. I'm like this show. How many years have been doing this? South Florida providing them with free grade entertainment and a bunch of yucks here. Be guide day and day. Also pass along some useful information so that the fascists can't catch them while they're not what they're on a wereers. But in a meantime, it's never good enough. Wow, you're really sock and Georgian, South Florida. And then if Georgian, South is around. Hey, where the hell is Neil? You're a we all of Foni you want to be. That's that. Welcome home. Samel craft. Just like this morning, man. Right out of the box. We got all kinds of activity and excitement and enthusiasm and time. But the South Florida people, man. That's basically that's our message. And that's the same message for J. Feele by the way. 18 people are already. O. B. Tampons. The only Tampons designed by women. Danna Colletters. Only women. O. B. Tampons. Only women. 11. Oh, one at five, 60. WQ and by the way, is a really time-dressed birthday today because we have a special gift for them. There's only women bleed anyway. 241 vote on the poll. Who should be the dolphin starting quarterback? And of course, the big ticker tape parade is now 60 seconds. Either way, if you level one in the big city, let's hear a friend Marlins. Uh, it just your little spik there on the end. What they released. How many people are so far? About thirty, man. 241 votes. Who should be the dolphin starting quarterback? You talk about piling on, man. I think you get two 15-year penalties for this kind of unaceptable behavior. It's absolutely as demand dog would say, this respect for it. And that what he would say? Yeah. Well, that's what I'm all would say because he's in love with J. Fieler's hand. Absolutely. Brown greasy 138. I mean, I say, Brown greasy. We should have put Bob on it. He probably would have won the poll. Brown greasy 138. Hey Neil, enough sports you ass. Oh, look how many that's got. About thirty minutes. Exactly thirty. I don't give a Schmidt 29. Point on hard asses out there. I hate that often. 27. Now that's my kind of thinking. And J. Fieler 17 out of 155, Brian Grease's got 138 and poor jays only got 17. Now see if there's any astute. Well, why do I say that? Sports people like sports writers and software. What they should be doing is following this poll. And then when they put their story in front of Marlins, you know, this is what they ought to be putting in there. A scientific poll of Neil Rogers showed the most high, whatever it is, show in town. Because we're going to wind up at about 1500 votes on this bottom our morning, right? Beyond a doubt. And it showed overwhelmingly almost 60% of the respondents had brand greasy only about under seven percent said poor jay fieler. And that's because he hangs out with a moment of smoothness. Correct. They used to like him until he got tight with mold. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. By the way, here's today's death report. Oh, you know what? What? Let me do this first. That's bad. I totally, we had a pressure pack of. Today. A car bomber exploded today near a police station in the intensity of Fallujah currently four people a day after a series of suicide bombings in Baghdad left about three dozen dead. The Fallujah attack came hours after former Consoliors were wounded and ambushed as a northern Iraq. That's also earlier today. Today's bombing in Fallujah 40 miles west of Baghdad was placed in a Toyota parked in front of a power station and about 30 yards. But 30 men from a school in a hundred yards from a police station. What does Hammond Ali said? So there's the latest death report from Iraq as the bodies continue popping up as the devastation continues going on. And the president says yesterday that the fact that there's so many people dying now is a good sign because it goes to Shoya that we've got all the terrorists and the loomers have frustrated. Yeah. And like they said on CTV here in Toronto last night as they put it accurately, which they're not going to say on American news because they're too them, uh, timid to do it. As they said last night, it sounds like George Orwell in 1984 all over again where good is bad and bad is good. And they are. Absolutely correct. I got there some right on it. Now what was the other thing I was just going to do before I did that? Oh, about who died? Oh, oh, no. Oh, no. Well, they already know about poor ride, buddy. In fact, isn't the prices right on what time is it on? 11 or 10? So what? Isn't it? Huh? They're showing them. They need to ask me to have their conditioning. Is the copy say where oh, yes, it does. They're conditioning. See there you go to prices right is on right now. How do you like them apples, huh? Well, that here we have parade coverage. Do you really? The streets are closed and they will remain close until two o'clock this afternoon. That's right. The mercy that we have. So people, how do you like that for being in touch with a real world? I'm in Toronto. I got the prices right on CBS on a buffalo right there and we got it. It's good. Come on, Johnny. What do you want? 21. 21 is the old dollars. 21. Wow. The flashy dressed an ounce about an appraisal right whose blooming jovial voice invited lucky audience members to come on down for nearly 20 years died. Yeah, yesterday was believed to be 66 and later in the store it's a 67. But who does make a difference at this point? You die? No, probably not. Why do you serve from Colon and breast cancer? Diet at century city hospital, according to his longtime agent, Don Pitz, he'd been hospitalized for two months. He had such a strong spirit. He just wouldn't give it up. Pitz, I guess today. Roddy had been ill for more than two years but continued to work as much as possible and for long as he could said Bob Barker hosted the prices right. Roddy had been with the game show for 17 years. His announcing since included love connection, 1981 85, press your lucky 83, 86. But the prices right earned him as greatest fame. And remains one of the heavy audience. Yeah, Roddy, Roddy, Roddy, Roddy, he's dead. Roddy, like that. Roddy's dead. He died. Who else is dead? Johnny Olson. He died. He's dead. And Bob Barker, well, and Johnny Olson. Johnny Olson is dead. He died. Roddy whose real name was Robert Ray Roddy was born September 18th, 1937 and Fort Worth, Texas. According to CBS, his birth year was 36 which had made him a 67 but of course, uh, so it doesn't really make no difference. Roddy was single is what it says here. The only family member he talked about his mother died several years ago. A funeral plans out of me last. So Rod Roddy is dead as another part of that ongoing chapter. But how many years is that thing been on the yuck? Well, longer than that. You know who the first host, I think on the original prices right now? Jack Park. Wouldn't like that's the clue. Wouldn't like he's dead. Glasses, black rim glasses. I don't know. No, peg. Well, thanks. Long job, I don't know. Huh? Long job, silver. No. Get with it. Okay, I'll give Scott a clue. Okay, two hockey players NHL, John, former NHL and Matt. Matt. 17. I don't know. Bill Cullen, you idiot. Bill Cullen. You know who it now? Bill Cullen was. He had a water leg. He had a concentration. It's not on concentration. Our James was on concentration to be for him was you downs. Jesus, you know anything? Oh, thanks for your honesty, those refreshing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. They got a damn parade going on over the town. A big ticker. He's the one who's trying to get out of the city. Roddy and the freaking prices right. He's dead. He's standing on up. Yeah, stand up. That's what Bob's trying to get it to do. Stand on up. And what's your name to win at the suit him? That's your name. Diet Park is Diane Park in Parkinson. Here's a call from beautiful. Okay. Hello. Welcome to Marlins Tuesday. Let's do it. Leave off some gruk. Woody. Yeah, it's Woody. Smuck real idiot. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. I was just calling that, um, you guys know that I thought that Brian greasy did a great job. And I think that he deserves to give it a shot. He's ugly though. You have to make his really ugly. Well, that's not the, he's not ugly either. Feelers with his big ears. No, that's true. That's a good point. In fact, you know something I think we took the wrong poll. Who's uglier? Jayfeather or Brian greasy? That's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think it's an offensive update for the first time in a while, even Rickey Williams got a lot of yarders and it was night's to see. Well, congratulations and if they heard like Sunday when they play a real NFL team, then we'll see you how good Brian really is. Okay. 560560 too much sports today. I think those people are right. Hey, Neil and up sports. You asshole, 272 votes on here. Who should be that often starting quarterback? Brian see it's not sports at your religion because it's the It's true, you know it. It's something we need to care about as opposed to this marlin thing that they Which is just a dog and pony show. It's hands for people to jump on a bad wagon and grab the brass ring. Oh, it's me, it's me, I'm a champion, it's me. All right. You wouldn't buy a ticket for like 50 cent, you know? These are the same people that were given back free tickets early in the season when they were sucking wind. No, give it back tickets they paid for. Right. To see if we could, uh, hot come for them. The 278 votes, Brian Greasey's got 161, 58% for good old Brian. Hey, Brian. Don't stagger into the hotel no more. Hey, Neil, I'm sports you ass, whole 36. I hate that all things get so many for that. I don't give a Schmidt, guess how many? About 30 man. 30 30. And Jay Femer in distant last with only 21 out of almost 300 votes. Oh, poor Jay. Man, oh man, he's going to start getting a complex. His ears are starting to grow like, like Bubba's nose. Remember that? Yeah, Bubba's nose started growing like Pinocchio. That was kind of cool. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5. I'm still like thrown off by that line one being dark. I don't like nothing too dark. That's what I heard. Although I do like my chocolate dark. Don't you like dark chocolate? Yes, I do. Hmm. The only thing going to ever get that like 70% cocoa dark chocolate. No, I like bacon. It's like baker's chocolate. Oh, man. It is nasty. Oh, God, it is bitter. It can do a lot of bad duty too. Here's Hollywood. Hello. I hate Jay Pee, Laura. I hate Jay Pee, Laura. I've got baby. It's not hot. He feels strong, but he's a... All right. That was great. In a certain state, I told him that going to be good today. He was Brian Grissey. That was Brian and I was... No, that was Bob Grissey. That was Bob. You talk about a boring guy, man. Bob Grissey. He's the hurricane baseball would be one season on channel 33 and a half. Man, it's the boring guy. I mean not a, you know. you know, although from what I hear inside the building there are a lot of people inside that building don't like him. I never found it would be a bad guy just trying to be incredibly boring as well as boring on the year. He must have make it pictures. How many years has he been doing those uh, the college game? Bob Ferdimann. Yeah. Well, really got me as back when a Brian was playing at Michigan when his, here's some playing at Michigan quarterback and they have a Brian doing a Bob doing a cover on the games. I mean, that's that to me is not not kosher. See, you probably want to say, I'm not going to get any objectivity. Like who do they have doing and during the playoffs, which, which Boone was it Boone in the box? Bob. But I know it was it was it. No, wasn't Bob Boone. Was it Brett? Daniel. There was Ray Boone and Bob Boone and then Brett Boone and then now there's Aaron Boone. Debbie, a lot of Boone's running around there. But anyway, they had one of them like in the in a booth there and he's going to be objective? No, of course not. Kind of crap is that what kind of smart. I think what we need to do is get like 75, 80 athletes in a broadcast booth to do every game so we can see just how illiterate they all are. There's Bob Barker. No, and return to your home in. Let's go in. What? Oh, that's on fire probably. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6 to these shows are take to end a time before the force fires. I was really nasty. You know, that's brilliant. Did you see the ones in San Diego? I mean, they're really, they're really intense. In fact, even Dan Ratter said something last night about burning in hell. He did. He said hell right there on the ear and I thought well, you belong there after what Michael Miller or about you. That's right. Hey, what's the frequency, Kenneth? He probably can't get it up no more anyway. Here's Helen Dale, hello. Yeah, I got a disagree with you on the dolphin's being a religion. This town is the, I mean, two years ago, you remember they couldn't even show playoff tickets and go to the country. 5, 6, 7, 0, go Patriots, baby. Oh, that's what I have to say to you, you smuck. They're really in a good mood. I think. Oh, yeah, there's a song. Huh? The celebrating. Are we getting any of your past and that big ticket to take parade? Come on, this is the QAM thing. This is our religion man. I know this book didn't call in 11 o'clock and by the way, don't call us, book. We'll call you. We'll call you. They orange headed God. That's all. You're a great, great town, a good guy. Last lot of the way we like you, nobody doesn't like, boog, right? Right? But we have nothing to talk to you about, because it's not a sports show. Parents does a lot of good tests through the tent. We don't give a crap about them all. We still like boog a lot, but we just don't care about them all. I'm just not going to sit here and put on a really phony, ugly stupid act to pacify clearance who runs around. You know, he's working today with a jox strap on his head. Eyes head once worn by Ray Wittney, still got out of my office. 1113 at 560 WQM. Hey, imagine zero closing cause zero application fees zero credit bureau fee. Zero discounted points. It's the last mortgage you ever be needing. The revolutionary only one mortgage from the financial group now with an interest rate, it just 1.95% which is almost unbeatable. That's only 738 bucks a month payments if you have a $200,000 loan. Once you be finance or get you a new home mortgage from financial group, you will never pay closing cost again. Believe you me. So call and check this out. 1-800-940-Lind. Grab real financing power that low-grade mortgage you can move onto your next property without further cost expense too. Only one mortgage from financial group. Call 1-800-940-Lind for the sales because it's a whole new way to buy. There is zero underwriting fees zero dock fees zero prepim and pedally zero closing costs even when you move to another property. It's amazing. So get yourself financing it's just 1.95% do it right. Call 1-800-940 for a lender never play a closing cost again. Call financial group today toll free at 1-800-940-L-END. There are an equal housing lender. Restrictions apply right sub to change monthly 5.19 APR. The price is a perfect 19. The price is a perfect 19. When she don't have those on you she's hanging like the straw me on right ankle just rancid stat. Incultors rancid stat. Imagine what you can pack. I see. Hello. Hold their stat. Boy, for god of video. Scratch is with a black assay donated to bat liner. She's ring. She's banged a roll though. And ill bar but she'll never get drugs and call her transit snatch. A ride. Encultors rancid snatch. A swirl of pool of crap. Encultors rancid snatch. Using fungien boy's chair. Looking out her voice there. Walking with the bill or dough. Ferbly hand inside of her butt. Encultors rancid snatch. Encultors rancid snatch. Go on to know what it could hatch. I forgot about it. Intercom thing about we're doing the business. That made it more exciting. I guess. No, yeah. I'm excited now. It's hard attack. I think we lost the line or something. What do you mean by that? You cut the bid out when you press that. I see. I don't know that. I'll go on here. You can hear me. Oh, here's silence. Oh, that's an illusion. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Who was that on the bat line? Did you notice? You just blocked them off? No, just answered. See what it is. What do you mean? Oh, it's probably that formerly fat booed shambi. It's not working. Is this booed? Yeah, then whiffed up. Hey, boo. Yeah. Yeah. Let's go around, boo. I know we could go down. I'm going to the party. Did you want it? You're in it. I'm in it. We wanted the only one thing we want to know from you. You're not taking that job at the meds, sorry. What? No. It's where the guy is. I swear to the needle. It's where I'm clearance. There was a grave. I can hear the last question. I said, have a good time, boo. It's nice talking to you. 11.25.60 WQM. There was a call from boogshambi. Our man. It does a great job. Boogshambi is great talent. A good guy. If you'll really bad for him. He could already probably stone on your ass. It's a good thing. He didn't really. He did. Well, not good. Oh yeah. He would get Edward. I'm saying is, hey, what's going on? What's going on? What's going on, bitch? What's going on, bitch? The fuck is that? Let me just say it again. We got a bunch of free crap for you. Just like those tickets to the Dolphin, Little Girls Team last night out there in Temp. Where everybody was waiting for free. Did you see how long for her? They were lined up. No, I just got her. No, I'm not talking about that. on the news they showed the incredible lines one of the show about the state of the city of the news for the hot people who's been chased out of their homes by the fire's they showed the lines there at the uh... cartels whatever the call that statement and people to be in the penis carmel play and they saw yes undevils played there whatever uh... uh... uh... and part nine twelve line twelve what is ringing show i am on a lack of an answer again he's gonna say why got caught off a word done within our book will talk you little later maybe probably not well does he call and back for is this a lot some kind of a common is plot to disrupt the show maybe well we're not gonna do a don't answer it under penalty of that's got a fee that very measly paycheck don't answer line twelve let me just keep bringing it tell me we're doing screenless uh... and you can blame it on me i don't look at lines well that's the bat line okay tell me we're doing screenless and i'd look at him as the heard you anyway we got why he hang up book i'm not joking we don't want to talk you did don't take it personal sweet are you are great guy we love you but he is there anyway and you can't hear anything i'm sania all that's because you're way up there to one or else because you had a minute people screaming i mean the phone still works i hear you barely yeah see you all read i see i wasn't going to see this but i'm going to say now because it just rates on my fat old pimple is this is the same radio station back at a beginning of the season david samsung jepery lourier they were the anti-Christ senior in junior okay they've nothing they could do right there assholes there this they were that and everybody just ripping them in ass including more absolutely because the david samsung showed up like you know three seconds lead on a show whatever it was then all of a sudden when they got hot after the all star game in nine hundred year old jack macene came along and given like a wake up caller we got done trail and all of a sudden they're not all of a sudden it became like hey is this exciting hello really great in gillies there's sucking suckin suckin heavy do need to roll in your eating the free food in the press box and now it's like oh my god you think that Jesus just came back to earth with frankincense and murr for everybody a qa m you know they just can't suck hard enough we just don't suck on his show maybe you're off the air i suck well not maybe but the bottom line is that we are going to jump on a bandwagon yeah but the good news is what's that i just saw boogon can i'll venti today's always on vete's ace well he was well i'm no big hit in a no big hit upon the on the show man cut the crap incredibly all right do like where's that thing again i do like i like the name of that the place but i was the banner the name of the place was not exciting the name of the place in for water there was good ugly tuna saluna i like that oh the la careta better they're la careta oh you know that in angstian we had the uh me let like a place called la careta stake house yeah sucked anyway well i'm sure it's not connected but it was la careta and i thought it was right here the hotel right here the president polsy la careta man and meat there was it was from like before George Washington chopped down the first cherry tree anyway the cubitor restaurant down the street la careta in little havana of course no speaking glaze displayed a banner reading apoyemos on the wasteless compayonis i just like sand and apoyemos on the wasteless compayonis to my same right yeah it sounds like nom huh it sounds like filthy could you imagine bob shepherd the aches and answer had to say that bob shepherd's been dead for twenty five years and nobody knows you yet all about number seven nokey mackerel scoffer the old number server he's uh six hundred years old he you know somebody should tell me also there's the giant squirt ball games too right yes he does she is this god almighty man oh he's legendary but he's you can notice that his voice is like 90% of it is gone you can just barely speak he's one of those people that wants to be buried on the job he knew who else probably wants to be buried on the job and i can't put him on because the president's speaking out bob bar press conference is bob barker he wants to die on the job i don't know why Neil am i storm to the threat of death yes mine twelve is ringing all i promise ringing again i bet you'd spook women let me just check is this boog again no it's not who's this it's your man though who is this George no this is Neil Ron here will endos so we'll say no filthy stuff in any language okay hey i just wanted to correct this is on your apple yamos are you there yeah i'm here what do you want to know wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait it says in the sun settle they don't make mistakes except every day it says apple yamos with an e is it an a well maybe they're talking about you you could say apple yamos all those four tomorrow it says apple yamos apple yamos on the way to his company honice are you question my story talk now yes yeah apple yamos on the one who say apple yamos and i say apple yamos right you're like that and right cheques i have a lot bigger near so i can say whatever l i want so what where are you now well i'm on the head to another sports hall activity they're talking about that well at least we can hear you anyway which is more than i can say for the booster well i'm going to be on the road at that press conference probably but you should be used to it oh yeah definitely it's personally i'm sure that you do i was on the poll going the poll is not too good for j we got 324 vote and so far uh let's see greasy brangrissie the 190 and j fever's got 23 it's getting really tight oh yeah it's a pulse race and but you know that you know that if brans starts on sunday which he will against the colts and plays like crap you know it's gonna be just exactly the way we love j we miss j real bad those big years you know that stuff exactly i'll be so you know what just coaching staff will probably have to give them a shot because their jobs are in the line anyway there you go well so head of the time there it sounds like you're whipped up into a frenzy Orlando have a good time in apple yamos apple yamos and that's the kind of you this i'm behind you i'll read it actually that was the big oh boy boring or what uh uh he's a good guy but man he is really boring and you notice he's he's like the ambansteer don't he cared about is that he thinks i'm in a mistake with his with a spik talk it's in a it's with an e so am i reading it correctly apple yamos apple yamos how can that be apple yamos maybe it's a typo what you're supposed to know what the word is not me we support we we support apple yamos i don't know that word apple yamos apple yamos say with me apple yamos apple yamos everybody said well when it was say apple yamos i'm a scoffey onays copio nays love all of our debrock it seems that the dreams they copio nays look pick it up potty on his show kick at the crap already in Orlando we're gonna life for you he's caused me to correct me on my Spanish well i tell you how deeply he's into it 28 past 11 and 5 60 wq and hit by the way Orlando if you're still listening you're underpaid over work maybe like to get a new high pain career but certainly an old guy like you don't have four years to waste them college if that sounds like you Orlando then we got a solution for you pick up the phone a call or good friends at fast train one eight six six fast train tell that it's Todd rest birthday to the nl say who the hell cares fast-tranking avi train and certified for a high-paying computer network professional career or a high-paying medical computer specialist career in his little four months that's right you can be fully trained ready for a new career and start making a big fat paycheck unlike the measly crap they're giving you in a free tickets Orlando in his little four months fast-rain offers day evening weekend classes they offer you a job placement assistance and financially to those who qualify fast-rain got six convenient floor locations including four in south florida to serve you well i'm loving have it in ring that line 12 and just just cool in her heels you know it yeah and that a lot of fun fact maybe we just won't answer it no more pick up the phone a call fast-trank and that answer call one eight six fast-trank first check them out of the web at fast-trank.com and then call them toll free and change your life forever call one eight six six fast-trank and in a few minutes Todd record coming and close out the spot with that fast-trank single ill sing it real pretty yo my six feet w you'll trade you what you have to say about your admirers who are obsessed and worship you in every way and base their intellect and entire existence on your ability to catch a ball I don't know what I've been told but a big leg of woman a god no thome what you're taking on the over and under and under of the over of the underwear I don't know what I've been told but a big leg of woman a god no no and what you're take on those rumors flying around that you're articulate enough to replace Michael Jordan on those MCI spots and they say you're getting close to sign of that contract I don't know what I've been told but a big leg of woman a god no thome tell us more about your charitable work for under privileged children help into improve their mathematics skills through showing them how to properly weigh crack rock I don't know what I've been told but a big leg of woman a god no thome we'll be back with more inside lifeless port hold level thirty two twenty eight till noon at five sixty I see line twelve is really good and there's got a touch in it here's the bat line hello it must be this must be boom boom it's boom hey boom I can hear a little better now how are you I'm doing okay how are you done I'm in it and the boy yeah I guess I didn't hear me well I said don't call us back huh what do I have for you my best wishes boom have a good time anyway why is he keep calling back he doesn't know radio he didn't hear you say don't call back oh don't call back okay when he can't hear me say that but at least the audience is me said I don't call back because it won't embarrass yourself he clearance said him up to this and there's nothing for us to talk about I mean everybody's having a party down there a good time everybody's happy and waving their flags looking for a free right there you go get drunk is a skunk and the pretended to really be all thrilled about software which I know they're not and that's it there's nothing else they what what if you got for me no there was that good was that a great line or what that would maybe one of the great radio lines in history what if you're that for me you know well there's one of those and there's another one of our two charge what good timing did it again I fell into a bucket of Schmidt bomb alert over break oh yeah before I go into this yeah careful I'm thinking of Pedro Ramos the one-screen picture for the Washington senators in the Yankees Pedro Ramos and of course there were those who would call him Pedro Ramos you see that is Ramos you call him Ramos I call him Ramos so the same with what's at word again double yellows up for you and also apple yamos for the big oh who of course is a professional spit oh wants to start to win at least a boo when he calls in speaks English okay a big oh maybe that's one of the reasons they hate you like poison big oh uh bomb alert over break win dog this is a true story from a BBC high comedy a novelty toy dog which breaks wins sparked a major security airport at alert in American airport page designer Dave Rodgerson's life size mechanical carrier set off a security detector at Norfolk airport in Virginia arm security staff were alerted when the toys win breaking mechanism registered as a high explosive on sensitive monitoring equipment Mr. Rodgerson 31 from Thorner Leads in England was questioned by FBI agents and looked out in amazement as they took a series of swabs from a mechanical toys rear end back home that's the end of the making that up the toy animal was eventually returned to him but he was not allowed to take his plan flight had to take an alternative route to North Carolina Mr. Rodgerson said there's no humor in American check-ins and for about 20 minutes I was quite scared they told me it's the highest reading they had for explosive they took it very seriously they were very jumping convinced there was something explosive in the dog eventually the FBI experts decided the toy was harmless from a turn to him he has now named the toy dog Norfolk after the airport so we're something in the toy dog all right little little wind I what I was at about I wrote on note to myself about not Orthodox what that was on all about boy I wish I knew oh no the guy that called before and said that it's not a religion about the dolphins in South Florida it's a religion they're just not Orthodox that's the point I was trying to make it's a good cry of work that down well I just got under such pressure today with so much work going on and all these silly people calling it on the bad line thanks to clearance hey clearance by the way I finally figured it out I just went into in the break and took a leak and when I was staying there being I finally thought I'm a he's a faggot clearance Paul says support I didn't hear any disagreement what I'm sorry I was on the phone I said parents I finally figured out he's a fag all look at that it's we're gonna get what's ringing my phone well why is that I'm kidding I don't want to comment on that how would I know I didn't match it a comment I just thought maybe you'd say oh no he's not he thought he had a girl's I will guess what's a file on time ago I saw girl he took out what's yeah what was his name it Paul's support for Clark Ewing oh that's good the small boomer support for retired general Wesley Clark which pushed him to the front of national polls in the race of Democratic presidential nomination appears to be Ewing according to a CNN USA today Gallup Paul the Paul released yesterday also shows Vermont governor Howard Dean with a slim lead over Clark for the 2004 election Mamma's very representative Dick Gibhardt is benefiting from an uptick in popularity which I don't understand for the for my life you know yeah because the last thing we need is another Dick in the White House it also showed that the Democratic mood may be swinging to the left with 39% of Registres Democrats now saying they would prefer a liberal nominee back in August just 27% water they liberal standard veritiface president Bouch next November what is president Bouch that's the series yeah that's the series you have any idea perfect timing again he said it's necessary first is almost as good as those nuclear uh explosion nuclear support for the yamaw and bababa bababa my regist Democrats 15% chose Clark 16% for Dean but that's down from 21% from Clark early October he's a fading as Clark support is eroded Gibhardt appears to have the be the primary beneficiary rising in trouble for said lays national compared to 8% early in the month also let's see who else has got some uh a julee ribbon of Connecticut's got 12% you should live so long we'd destroy our website take we got a zillion great stories at our website thank you er for putting up with all those stories including what about julee ribbon on his website he's got a what it's say 300 people nationwide right on his bandwagon and foreign chicago he's doing it senator John Kerry Massachusetts got 10% and everybody else had single digits really good news shows president Bouch's job approval rating 53% 42% as approved which is down from like 56% last time and a hypothetical match up with an unnamed democrat bushes the choice of 46% while the president's unnamed rival was picked by 43% even Stephen and it's gonna get a lot lot worse trust me one a tady it's gonna get a lot worse 100 schools we have ped alligator gets loose aboard airliner if you like the farting dog Newark and of course where do you think this is connected to uh over a dog every airbie uh grotesque story you can always trace its origins back to florida especially to Miami and this one oh exception an alligator on its way from Miami to Newark on an america in airlines jet escape from its crade in flagbo was recaptured on landing a spokesman for the airline city yesterday american airlines flight 776 was carrying four geaters which belonged to passengers aboard the plane they were in a cargo hold and burlap sacks with their snouts bomb properly and in their crates teamwagon are spokesman for american airlines told CNN i wonder if they were to reoclose to the hand grenades wagners said upon arrival at new work liberty international air for one of the outgators was found out of its crate but still in a burlap sack with its snout bound well that's a damn good thing and oh in fact the reeds gonna be at the parade the second and they're gonna make sure her snout is bound too four to thirty police officers we spotted were able to wrangle the loose animal with a loop or larry at the vice return to its crate a port of thirty spokesman said the officers animals were not injured it's got actually a picture of it an alligator like the one shown here escape and of course it's just a picture of a generic alligator and what would know name you yeah generic five footage how's that pull coming for jay fieler not to good jay he's not orthodox and think of us for that unlike july bromen who should be the dolphin starting quarterback bob grisie abrice here keeps in that brion grisie to oh seven hey Neil and up sports you asshole forty six so brine's got fifty and a half percent i don't give it for you one i hate it off in thirty two yeah and jay fieler twenty eight out of fifty four votes and i said you want to you can put both of them if you could took the best body parts between brion grisie and jay fieler together comma braids still got a both-beat hands-on map lempour if of fifty sabe five fifty double Yongha five six the big grand bet it comes and hazardous show to the port of the confiancena from from you were gdzie in here is from very flat He's not doing it from La Carreta. He's doing it from the apayemos Capione's. Yeah, he's doing it from a place called apayemos apayamas on the way still Capayoma or whatever. The home of the champions. And he's going to be on to the whole time we got Kimba Boakamp, where it says here I'd shoul us, but I'm sure that's all right. Is it because I Schmidt candid, other thing that Victor is sparked because he just sent too many damn things, because all we're done to anyway Kimba Boakamp is Riverfront from where La Solas Riverfront. La Solas Riverfront, like I said from the boat parade from the big thing in the Uber River in Fort Lauderdale. And then we got the Ricky Williams show what's seven from the Cleveland or hotel Ricky Williams who used to be pretty good to lay decide they didn't like him no more. And the herkun hotline from Tony Romas, they didn't. Well, we are so sports intensive, they man who would be having footballs come out of your ass by midnight. I guarantee it. I promise any K at 10 and you'll mark overnight two to five at a morning who suddenly found an audience in the summer book is amazing to us it's shocking. And guess even better news than that, guess who's going to be back tomorrow morning from San Diego and Tempe. Absolutely. The Momeaster. All right. If you can't get no Mice, Mice, to Brow, get the Momeaster. Absolutely. He's a pathetic 56705. If you let's get some calls from that ticker tape parade, let's feel get the feeling here, right? Yeah, okay. I just don't have the feeling that there's something exciting going on at town. Everybody's whipped up into a frenzy. Strongly new people. Roll down those windows. Get them horns hockey. All right. Yeah, there's a call from Paparo. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was there. It seems to be the God man. Yeah, okay. Good. What is with the shfartes? They all whipped up. I don't know. They all hopped up on something. They are what? Here's a call from Delray Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I know. By the way, you can say it has two different meanings, that pojamos and apple jamos. So if you say one way means one way and you say it another way means another way. But it will anyway translate to Sun Sentences. We support our champions. That was that correct, apple jamos? Yeah, it just means a different way, not a totally different way. But you can say it is on season. You can say it either way. In other words, well, there's nothing else than a mid-accurate that big call in here, correct into my spiktoff. Man, he's got some nerve. Paul from one special spiktoff. Anyway, he's on anyways, me a lot of the mis empires since the early 80s. And actually, I had a lot of the ideas when I was in jog over at England. And here in a great mood today, this was the first time I heard you in a good mood a long time. You should do this show a little bit more awful like this. It's a joy. What was that mean? I was in a good mood today. I was in a great mood yesterday too. I just come back from vacation. What does that mean? Okay, well, I didn't listen to you. I said, but I'm saying today, you're in a good mood. You're putting in a good mood. And I just think it's great. That's a good idea. I'm going to be happy every minute of every day. How do you like that? I love to go to South Florida, Lexard or not. Have a great day, Pally. Okay, bottoms up, so to speak. What does he mean by that? I'm in a good mood today. What's that in a great mood yesterday? I was rambling on. I was talking about the rat and the McDonald's and Amsterdam and the other good stuff. What's that man talking about? He just needs to get in touch with it again. Who should be the dolphin starting quarterback? That's our pool to that. I guarantee a J. Fielerate no good mood man. It's kind of like Wally loan me your glove and Lou Gary that whole routine again, huh? And then like 80 million games later. Let's see Wally pip no more. What's that his name? I was at Barney Pipp from WCFL in Chicago. 369 votes. Who should be the dolphin starting quarterback? Bob, a Brian? I can't stop doing it man. You're Freudian. I keep saying Bob and of course, it's Brian. RECY with 214 votes. Painting all enough sports you. I saw 48 or say that I could really agitate that 13% as a number 13 once more by Dan Marino, of course, one by Matt's Sun Dean. I don't give a Schmidt 46. I hate that often 32 of us and J. Fieler 29. So if you just get down with the Bob RECY J Fieler business, 214 to 29. You get those numbers. I'll write them down and track them. Written from your posts. 214 to 29. Well, I'm serious Greg, Code Tax and Dan LaBastard and Barry Jackass and all these other so-called sports mavens in their Dave Joseph. All these other sour push sports people. They got to be tracking this because I see all just about all of them. I was jumping on the greasy bandwagon. Get's a little greasy on that bandwagon. We're starting sliding on a grease pool. Look out Dave. And by the way, we don't care if they fired a girlfriend at Pomp and O Parker not. 560, 056, the Pomp 560 at the 18 and that thing about Pete Lenny and the Doreen. That is just what Sean can make me lose my appetite for years. How come when I get in any calls from like down right there in a parade? How much of this might be one? It says, Biscayne Tower. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Captain said one distinct tower. Hey, um, what we're trying to do is we're trying to wait for our copy guy, but nobody can get in here to fix the copy of it because everything's all bogged down. Hey, I just looked on Channel 4 just in time to hear Barry say that he's been going to change Teresa look over the floor to the wall and in their world series quest. Oh, no. Yes. You have to be joking me. Nope. I. I'm a. I'm a. Is that the key on their side by each with the podge pointing to the sky? Who's the guy that's from up from Dominican Republic? Donald Trump? Well, whichever one is said that he prays the thing to recent. And Teresa looked over him and the morning. Oh, I sounds like a bunch of go and to me. Okay. Good luck in Palin by the way when Dave Van Boing gets by. Take him to the elevator to the roof. Dave Van Boing will jump off the top of one buscayne tower during the height of the festivities of Saturn, whether he wants to or not. He doesn't know what he had. Just save his hairpiece. Okay. Monids is spared. Absolutely. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Seriously, the fact where Plano's highlights from the one playoff game, especially when they won a game, I mean, I think Scott would probably agree with me. I do pretty pretty embarrassing. I can't believe that Dave Van Boing got the final call. Yeah. I mean, just it's just a matter of luck. I'm we were lucky that Booster was doing the 11th inning when Alice Gonzalez won a game with that home run. It was a great call. I heard it. But the fact that Dave Van Boing got the call in that game was just, uh, uh, terminal. That's it. Now we're talking terminals about time. Somebody else on this radio station at the cones. The star calling him for what he is. He's horrible. He's boring. Even Jim Sardy started to talk about it. And even Little Berry Jackass is starting to make some cost to comments. Bind between Eden is brown paper or sack lunches. Now it's a very hey mommy. Maybe it would not be a wrong forever to drive you to work. Well, he's going to have to take a can to work every day. If mommy don't just stick around forever, you know what? It's terminal is my car. But that's a different kind of thing. The car would just, uh, he's, he's tragic. Horne Pozada. Horne Pozada. We hate you, Tim McCarver. We wish you would die. And we could have, why couldn't you have the stroke instead of Ralph Kiner, Danut? Here's a call online nine from Margade, which is that's a little bit dubious. Don't you think? Yeah. Here's Margade. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I'm looking at this parade and like one tenth of these people that are showed up for a ball game or two this year. We might be able to afford to keep you any player. It's right. That's the point. And also there's there's this flat bed truck with a wide load thing on the back. Pudge Rodriguez is right on it. They got Pudge's ass on the back right. Now, did Danle Baxter write him his Sunday column, the Cubans won the world series? Yes, he said Alex Gonzalez hit that home on a game five and a Cubans did it again without without the Cubans, we couldn't have done it. I think the road from Kiocho leads straight to Jorabh. It's stadium. In fact, he said Alpoyemos on the waste of company owners. That's exactly what he said. Have a great day, Pally. Okay, ask the Kioorabh minus five six seven old Jacko single raising funds for Scientology. Speaking of religious nuts. This is a bad story. Yeah, come on. Great disturbing. A lot of big name. Well, it's from Fox News or can't be all right. A lot of big names stars are unwittingly about to star raising money for Scientology. Thanks to Michael Jackson. How do you like that? And of course, keep in mind he was a married police. I'm a Marine who's a famous Scientologist, allegedly married. At 3 p.m yesterday, Jackson lost the worldwide internet download of his charity single, what more can I give? For $2 a shot, Jackson fans will be able to hear this record made two years ago, but never released. The record features Celine Dion, Mariah Carey, members of Instinct, with backstreet boys and others. But what fans in the 2000 participating artists probably don't know is that proceeds from the are going in part two Scientology. Jackson is designated the help organization, which uses study techniques developed by Scientology founder, Elron Hubbub, is one of the beneficiaries of his large F. The other charity's Jackson was in part of his proceeds to include one miss, Mr. Holland's penis foundation, and something called the International Child Art Foundation. Information about his plans can be found at WWWWWWhatIScanThis is. The oneest foundation is run by one of Jackson's record producers who also produced the Spanish language version of the single, which was called Apoyamos on the way through his campaign on his. Ironically, one is a boutique operation was supposed to benefit from the sale of tickets to Neverland last month as was the Make a Switch Foundation, neither group has yet to see a dime from the Neverland Open House event. Probably they're spending the to pay off all those appearance of those little kids. Yeah. Scientology's help, H.E.L.P. as well as one, Mr. Holland's penis and I.C.A. We're not that as it means when Jackson commends people like usher, Luther van Ross, Tom Petty, Ricky Martin, Gloria Stephon, Beyonce, Noles and other superstars to participate in this recording two years ago. I bet you'll Luther's really pissed off about it. Damn straight. At the time, the stars thought they were participating in a fundraising event for the families of the 911 tragedy. Are you ready for this? This story is scandalous. Now, however, what more can I give a big collecting money for causes? Many of the stars didn't intend. Help, which stands for Hollywood Literacy and Education Program is a subsidiary of the Church of Freak and Scientology. The copyright on the help website, which Jackson's website is now linking to states, the Hollywood Education and Literacy project is licensed by Applied Scholastics International to use the study technology of Elron Hubbub. Applied Scholastics is a trademark and service mark owned by the Association of Better Living and Education and Rational and use with its permission. The Association for Better Living is yet another Scientology offshoot, which according to their website, it hears that the teachings of founder Hubbub, the late-time fiction writer. Referred to as ABLE, the Association is an umbrella named for Scientology's different 12-step learning programs. Jackson, as we all know, was married briefly to Scientologist Lisa Marie Presley. The late 1990s, and we still wondering who fathered those kids. Calls to Jackson's company, MJJ Productions Proveuseless, and answering service operators said they were on vacation. Don't expect them to ever return your call and crap like that. This Dick Chany, I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour. Hey, no single artist, the bodies the spirit of Halloween, like Gordon White's look. Now that's scary, you better believe it. And now Gordon White put taste amenity from the wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald and conjures up on witches' cauldron of Halloween favorites in his new album, Gordon White put scared silly. Yes, the creature from a great white north, Gordon White put streaks out horrifying Halloween hits like this full love and novelty from Shemboole. Gordon White put scared silly. You'll want to stick your head in a pumpkin when the radio plays Gordon White puts rendition of this classic TV theme. Won't take a whole moon to make the hair on the back of your neck rise up when you hear this frightening facsimily of this Warren Zvante. This scene collection is not a trick and it's sure no treat. It's Gordon White put scared silly. It's said 12-02. I'm having a little lunch to celebrate now since we're having a party time today. Why should I be left out? Why do I have a little cheeks that I have left over that head delivered a couple nights ago? Lobane? Well actually it's Mugu Guy Pan. Oh well if you do you clean it up. And it says right on the label here on a little box. It says Apoyemos. I'm the waste of a cup of ionis. No, it says. Oh this story that you just fetched me. Another priest story draws up a sister with his crap. How come we don't have every line and I board a little with people in the parade people all whip up in a were friendly. This is just like yesterday it's like this you all over again. You're enjoying the parade. Oh there in other words we're small potatoes now that can be bothered with me is that what you're trying to say. Yeah okay well I'll just eat my lunch. You know there's certain things that are good like reheated, right chillies and chinses definitely want to. You know it. Usually within five or six weeks is probably a good time to do it. Well seriously there's some things that just aren't like pasta pasta gets soggy and must be in re-heated but chinses fantastic. I'll take a little bit of your tally's in here. It's a nice white meat chicken. A Roman Catholic priest speaking about has been suspended as they cleave lendise these vestigates in accusation that he sexually abused the child on late 1980s. This is from a cleave lend plane deal or an inflamed brown wrapper just like you're going to be able to pick up that Popeye screw in tomorrow. One in one in the pink and one in the stink. Reverend Patrick J. O'Connor who probably likes it that way too. 45 was placed on leave September. Third becoming he's got one of those. Becoming the 16th priest suspended and admitted abuse allegations. No the cases have been resolved. No the priest has returned to the ministry. They're all kind of like in limbo. They're doing the limbo rock. They're doing the limbo rock. This suspension came after review board determined the allegation was credible. And often move forward said Robert Teyak, the gossips and spokesman. The priest and I see allegations that is a turn and yada yada yada he looks forward to the days we instead and he should hold his breath. The diocese has reported the accusation to government authorities. The alleged abuse to place in late 80s he was assigned the same Joseph church in Kyoga falls near Akron. But they released no other details. Well there you go. I have a couple more too. But when it does spread them out. Okay. Well I have all jammed in there. Sounds like we're piling on just like the audience is pilot on a port. J. Feele or man you people are brutal. You really are. One thing oh and look at that. J. Feele or just move the head of I hate the dolphin. Lisa's not in the last place. J's make it a comeback. All right. I think all the congregations are getting together now. Who should be the dolphin starting quarterback? Brian Gracie 239. 56.9%. Hanya left sports you as whole 56. I don't give a Schmidt 52. J. Feele or 37.8% and I hate the dolphin 36.5% out of 420 vote. So J. Just hopped over one category as slowly but surely you know. Just like the tortoise in the hair you know how that went. Oh yeah. That's what he's doing. Who worked Francis Oh here. Here's North Miami Beach. Hello. Hey no Indian y'all. Yes. Hey. I just want to say go Marlins first off. And yeah. Do I what does that mean? Go Marlins were like to Washington? No. I'm well I look. I'm doing the bandwagon and simply do not put it. Good for you man. Hop on a hop on the bandway doesn't cost a dime. No. Well I mean it wasn't as an excuse to get stoned or drunk because I don't need one for that but it was you know what's the thing exciting that the whole town got involved. Right exactly. And it was fun. Anyways also I was down in fantasy sets this weekend. You were done a fancy set. Yeah. Oh we already had our limit of flags on the phone today. 560. 560. 560 on the 80. What is he got to give me that crap? Okay that guy such a fruit cake. Sir butch up a little bit okay. That's not that now that. Remember you asked me before about that expression. That's a flying mattress right there. No sir. If you want to definition of a flying mattress if you look in the dictionary under today's colloquial expression you'll see his picture right next to it. Sir we like you a lot and well maybe not too much but just don't the bug bug me just too chronic and too fruity. Your bad for the rest of us. 560. 560. 560. 560. 560. On the 80 and T. Where's the beef baby? Where there's some neurobeathen here. It's a nice chicken though and some great shrumes. I think I said this once before. I think I should start my own diet. I think it's pretty good for it too. Correct me if I'm wrong. Like like there's snap peas in here and there's nothing like a good pea right? But mushrooms onions. Yeah. A little garlic and like some of these other vegetables like there's a little bit of broccoli in here like snappies. This kind of stuff you can eat this forever. Sure I think. I'm not even we want out the chicken without the beef or the chicken without the meat. And I think you'd be damn healthy. It loses a lot of weight if you need to like me and you can be real healthy you know. Well I want some meat. No I like my meat. No he of me. Yeah but I'm just telling you that I think because I like mushrooms and onions right and I could eat shrimps and onions forever. There was some asparagus tips in there and you know that'll make your peas smell bad. That's okay who cares? And I'm going to tell you talk about magic mushrooms and hamster. I just discovered this last trip several not that I ventured in of course not me but I saw several a different mushroom joints, shrimp places that I never seen before. They're all over the place. What kind of shrimp we're talking about? Toadstools. 567560 pound 560 magic mushrooms. Salusa and Salusa and Salusa and Salusa and they're gonna cat and babies to be eaten on our show on Zeta and you still have a broadity back for me. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hey George. Hey. I want to say that Jerry Lewis. I've found me with a family that lived in the 70s and he's nothing but a compassionate guy and I know that you guys talk about him a lot on the show. Well who's talking about Jerry Lewis today? What are you talking about today? But you know he's winds up on the poles and I've heard you guys say a couple things about him and he's really compassionate guy. Yeah. I don't like him. Why? I want to know why? I don't like him. That's why you're calling to find out why I don't like him? Exactly because I've never heard any reasons that you don't like him. I can't really put my finger on. I just don't like him. I can't stand. If I used to like him when he was you know younger and doing his comedy thing with the Martin I thought they was funny but I just he's become a pain in his his telethon the whole thing he just the it's snacks of something. I don't know. I just don't like him. I admit that the telephones cost you know when it goes to your head like that then you can tell it's just you know what I'm saying George. Is that a joke about the medications taken? No is non-a-joke. See the new dolphin quarterback? He's the new dolphin quarterback Jerry Lewis. So you got a swell head over it all running. I want kind of a call was that. I have no idea. I mean are we talking about Jerry Lewis today? Oh we got to parade the Marlins one the world series. We got the big controversy with the dolphins of quarterback even though it's a sports thing and we don't care about it on a show but we put it on there this business controversial. And we get calls about Jerry Lewis you know. I say screw Jerry Lewis. How do you like that sir? 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. We have almost nothing going on his 4 we got three calls on there. I'm going to tell you people this time this is by far in a way this show has got so many more people listen right now that all the other stations combined in a whole market. Well I had to hang up on everybody else because they want to talk about Jerry Lewis. What are you talking about? Set design three calls. Do you have any idea what he just said? No you did a week's worth a show with this guy alone. I told him that to talk. Oh maybe that's why it was so good. 567 let's hear from some people and I dig ticker tape parade in downtown mine. Oh that's right there listen to the QBA. They're listening to a radio a ritmo. They're listening to no pic at a inlaise. That's what they're all listening to down here in day county and they're listening to apaiemos on the way story copy on is all the politicians are down there jumping on the band wagon gland hand again at a whole bunch of bullcret they all do it. Fony bastards. Making backdoor deals for that new stadium. Everybody's greasing this one's palm. Especially Mayor of Pinguupakanya by the way he's got the greasy's palms in town. Here's my any hello. Is it me? It sounds like you. All right well first off I told the guy I said when I called for the poll how about we put on a word he'd Lord greasy they both suck. Yeah okay and that's my ability. And why I think it's a good possibility. How about Tom Brady? Well if he's available unfortunately knowing we're going to get things going with him. Yeah he's stuck on Sunday on the way. He's got more potential. I think to either all three of our quarterback. He's got a lot of potential. I learned a lot of these sport riders and all these supposed fans right in about all these fans or bandwagon juppers which I freely admit that I am. That's correct. But we're going to prefer that 10 to 15 thousand people showed up for the play off the That doesn't with that's a point. Yeah I mean that's all to keep running and quick. We're getting whining already. Let's have one or two days with happy people your correct sir. Let's jump on a bad wagon. Let's jump on a bad wagon. Let's jump on a bad wagon. It's a good last thing. Read the job defeaties article in the air. Oh, today it's just what you're talking about about all the politicians jumping on the Marlin bad wagon. It's a great article. How about Jim defeatie? Yeah that's a Jim defeatie. The big guy. The big fat turban. Okay. I think a lot of colleagues. Have a great day. See there's a happy guy. Oh, he made my day. There's a guy that's in a good mood. He says at least we've filled a place when it counted the most when the when the crap was on the line. He said apoyemos on the waste nurse company on his And now what he said? What's not to like? That's right. What's not to like is a great philosopher and old youth bag once said what's not to like? And you know what? I'm still a little bit correct. I'm going to stum right on it. Instead of everybody's always looking for the negative in that town. Everybody's always trying to find something freaking negative. Of course that's true. Anyways, especially with sports nerds, you know? Season started here at cup three four games, at least play like crap. Oh, let's fire Pat Quinn. Let's fire Big fat Pat Quinn, you know. I like Big fat Pat Quinn. I can't coach with a crap, but I just like him. And I like Big fat guys. Makes me feel better about myself. Twelve minutes passed noon at five 60 WQ and we got 438 votes on that pole man. It's gonna be about a time I sit my S down here 10 o'clock tomorrow morning. We're gonna have a guarantee about 1500 votes. You think? Well, four of the shows only it's only been on there two hours. And we're leaving this pole on there because I think this is Moe importante. Pablo Iamos. Quarabaca. No, no, whatever. What is it? What numbers he were in? 12. Scott Scott. Yes. What number is Brian greasy wearing? I don't know. You're watching again. Oh, that's right. You didn't watch the game. I'd like to know because 12 was daddy's number. Both of them. He was 13. Excellent job Scott. Oh, very good. Oh, Scott me. Very good. 443 votes who should be the dolphin starting quarterback. Brian greasy 250, 250, 50, 56.4%. Hey, New Year. Let off sports. You asshole 59. I don't give a Schmidt 57. J. Feeller 38. 39. 8.8% and I hate that offense 38 at a 443. So Jay's making a little bit of progress like I said like the tortoise in the here. Just very steadily, very slowly. You might surprise you. I don't think so though. No. 12 13 at 5 60 WQ. I'll tell you one thing. Here's a guy that will surprise the Charles Alphay or he'll shock you guys when he shows you how much better and younger his natural hairline system can make you look. And there's no obligation when you call a Charles Alphay or he studios because what he does is give you a free consultation. Sit your ass down. He'll show you how much better and younger you can look and then you decide for yourself. And you have nothing to lose but the ball's but because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee. If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting a head at least 15 20 30 times a day to the cracker if he passed out Charlie give you a full refund. So call today. Be sure much in your arages when you call because you get next to a 200 bucks off the regular already low price. So here's the affordable he entails in way to get your balls. But not with some mouthy looking musk ret now with dangerous pills. Not with holes in the head all the other crap that people try to petta with the best in the business the natural hairline system. To run more info call toll free 1 800 3 21 24 13 1 800 3 21 24 13 and get your hair back from Chuck or check their website at Charles Alphay or he dot com. This Kimberly Plumber K ABC News was a one-on-one interview with Gouveritarial Hopeful Arnold Schwarzenegger. Sorry. Excuse my apologies. What do you apologize for? I'm not following you. For everything Kimberly Plumber K ABC News I'm sorry to the people of California. For what? Those bad movies you make? No. Although if you don't like them I'm sorry Kimberly Plumber K ABC News. I'm sorry for this. You just touched my boobies. That was a demonstration Kimberly Plumber. I'm sorry. Well don't do your demonstrations on me, Mr Schwarzenegger. I am here for a serious interview with you. I apologize. You're very whiny. Go ahead with your questions. Well you're very touchy, Felix. I apologize. Excuse me. But did you just touch my That was a demonstration Kimberly Plumber K ABC News. That's why I want to apologize to the people of California. And I believe you should. I'm sorry. I see you have a problem with women. I don't have a problem with women. I like to touch them. Excuse me, but we are not an object. May I see your aunt neither? My what? Your aunt either. May I see it? I don't think I have an aunt either. You haven't aunt either. Try he. That's your aunt either. I can't believe you just put your I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh, you're the gang. Yeah. Good for you. Kimberly Plumber. You want me now. Don't you? Here up. Let us have your aunt either. Oh. Call them off. I'm sorry. I apologize. You are disgusting. I want to be the governor. Here. Put my leather vote for me. Why is it purple? I eat grapes. I'm a grape either. Pull me level. It's a 12.19. It's 5.60. Do you know where I'm. Here's the Jim to feed you. Call me. Think out. Are we? Uh, whatever. Hurried dad. Hurried the Marlins parade is starting. Okay. So I don't worry. I'm up on my shoulders so you can get a good look. Here they come. Wow. It's Miguel Cabrera. Sorry son. That's why me did mayor Alice Pena. Uh, pink and pecania. Mayor Alice who? Alex Pena. Oh, he's the mayor for the whole county. You know that. Miami heat came me went too last year. Yeah. The sea play for the heat. Maybe. And it goes on here. This is not worth reading. So thanks to the guy who called the Jim to feed you. The only the only good article Jim to feed you ever wrote was when he said they heard used to be good, but now we suck because we can't afford to be good anymore. That was the only meaningful thing you ever wrote. Remember that one? Sure. That was pretty embarrassing. At least it was honest, but he said we suck. We don't have about the money anymore. We don't have the stamp. But you can be a great newspaper. That's about 100 years ago. And now we're a laughing stock and a joke. And I'm still working around the payroll. So I'll take the cash. Kind of the way we feel about QAM. 462 votes. What who should be the dolphin starting quarterback? Ryan greasy 261. J. F. or 42. I'll dispense with the other categories for right now. 261 to 42. You got those numbers in your head? Uh, L.A. And look at this phone man. On a day winners this you for you and so Florida. Holy to moly man. I got two calls on the board. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Yes sir. Hey, I need to talk to my husband. I need to talk to my husband. Let's talk my hand. Numbers. Okay. I was sick for a while. I had to go for open our surgery. Wow. Open heart surgery. Yeah. I'll be damned. Probably the CIA painted one of those tracking devices in your heart to it the same time. Wouldn't surprise me, are you schmatha hits man after your ass? What you must be psychic because George has been trying to get a hold of you and you probably ought to hang on and he'll get your number. Okay. Okay. I'm on our technical use the other day. But I guess, uh, I mean I could not get through. Well, you know how it is on a show. Yeah. But I even, I mean everything. All right. I'm doing great. I'm hearing Toronto. I'm happy as a pick and stink and everything is sensational. So you know, no more on the exercise anyone? What is that? Are you still at the, I still live there. I still have the same place. But I just don't spend any more time than I absolutely have to. All right. All right. So you said that everything working. All right. Everything is sensational. But George needs your assistance. So hang on my hand. I'm glad to hear that you're okay. All right. Thank you. Here's a good satellite guy. Mohamed. Get his number for George and let's again. I want to show. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Bill who doesn't hate George and Ford Lauderdale says if you heard about Peter crashing the Ford Lauderdale celebration today, they're apparently pissed off about Beckett's locker man. If you as he was accepting the MVP award, when questioned about what he would do during the offseason he mentioned something about doing more hunting. Oh, no. Is this for real? Do you think? Is this just a joke? I would be lying. It's just one question about what he would do. He said it would do more hunting. I guess now Peter wants to make some kind of a statement. Why can't these? Peter. It's just fall off a cliff somewhere. Good point, Bill. They suck. We're so tired of you. Peter. It is and speaking of animals and people are really love animals like us realistically. How come we don't have any new number on the best of Neil about our abandoned pet rescue? We have no and I just nothing at all. Once again, here's another excuse to just kind of like fall by the way, so I because the wind's got me go all tied up in an corner. I'm sure he's off somewhere doing some promotional thing down at the parade or something like that. Right exactly. Give him away those t-shirts and all the stuff. Oh, here's the thing. I thought I was McKin did. I wish I would have. Look for the Marlon's QM prize betrothal. The Marlon parade in Miami, which is going on. Is that one still going on? No, I don't know. I don't know. We'll have those QM clappers. And Special QM Florida Marlon's World Series t-shirts. We got a crap load of those. We have nothing to promote the people on the air. But Florida Marlon's World Series jump out of badminton t-shirts. We got Thousands. Not good man. 30,000 of those. QM also be broadcasted live 27 this afternoon. The big. Oh, and Kimbo camper. We're lost all this riverfront for the Marlon's book parade along the river. They're both going to be there. And if you want to log on to QM.com and look for the Florida Marlon's World Series wallpaper, download it to the desktop of your computer and you can wallpaper your whole room, your house. You're building your uh... Breakfast. Yes. With Marlon's wallpaper and be a real bad wagon for running pony, which we love in South Florida's Sour's speciality. Here's a call from crossbrings, hello. Yeah, to make believe struck. Now good. We know that already. Give us something to build it. Okay. Uh, it may believe so. Another positive voice from South Florida. Another sour, miserable, negative asshole. Okay. Thanks for just shown it to the whole world. Do something about those pimples, by the way. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlus Line. Probably a Ranger's fan. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. I was wondering, I get to live in the Army in the off again. And uh, I heard you mentioned uh, a toy strafford. Is that the same guy that played for the dolphins? Yeah. Oh, okay. And he works for W.H.U.A.M. Yeah, he's a sales hole. Oh, also he didn't make it in broadcasts or did he even try or what? Yeah, that's a good point. He's the only one who didn't become a broadcaster. Thank God. Okay. What are you here to give us one of my favorite players on one of the... Really? Well, I'll be sure and pass that along. I'll relax your rub is ball spot. Okay. He's the Buddha of the QM sales department. 560, 760, boy. These people whipped up to a frenzy or... No, what? Huh? We loved that model. We'll see all the people that are whipped up at a frenzy. They're at the parade and they're over the boat parade. They're all down and we're in a little kid and they're school and off from work and from school. You know, like they really cared. I like the guy who's called before said, you know, where the hell were they? Where were they when they were like tickets for sale? I'm not talking about the playoffs in a world serious. I'm talking about the rest of the time. Where the hell were they? You know what they were doing? They were making excuses. Right. That's what they were doing. The stadium isn't next to my house. It might rain like for 20 minutes to sat to noon. There's a powder in the sky. The pigeon just dropped a big one and it might hit me on the heat. And the park is too expensive and yada yada yada yada and I'm afraid that if I get attached to the team they're going to break up the team next year. So I don't want to get emotionally involved. What they won't, don't want to do his paper enough. And that's what it boils down to. Okay. The cheapest bunch of people on a facet of not the French Canadian. They're in a running. Not the Anglo-Canadians believe me. They're plenty of cheap bastards here. Right, remember? But the fact of the matter is, stop Florida. The cheapest of the cheap. Not the old Jews. They're like almost benevolent. Even though one's that are shirling the sweet and low in the silverware in the sack. They're like sandy claws by comparison to just your average one of the mills off Liberty and cheap cheap cheap cheap tight tight tight tight. But boy, when it comes to be bandwagon jumping time, they got money up the s. They're just reaching in there and pull out 50s and hundreds like you never saw. Oh, by the way, I got a new 20. Yeah, American 20, American 20, the gay ones. The pink ones. Yeah. All right, they were already. Can you imagine what else, President, they discovered that the $20 bills are pink? See, that's it. Go, Lucila. I'll be damned. They'll probably be dropping some Lincoln Log. I don't have a penis. I don't have a penis. I don't have a penis. I don't have a penis. But for those sports fans, I'm Aussie Osborne. The prince of f***y football. This year looks like it's gonna be exciting in the NFL. One team to definitely watch out for other green-bay peckers. Cut, Aussie, our best peckers. Packers, green-bay peckers. Not peckers. Okay, okay. Okay, you're starting again. You've started over. Two to be a second. In the IFC Central, you have to watch out for the upstart Cleveland Browns. Browns. What the f*** is a Brown? Cut. I have a how about those New England guys. The f***ing patriots are something like that. I remind you when I was growing up in England. Brad and Birmingham, we were poor family. As he is, they're gonna shred to the camp, ladies and gentlemen. F*** you, I'm the prince of f***ing football. Cut, cut, cut. Chun, cut. David's running. In the NFL scene, you have to like the f***ing's the best. The Panthers and Lions. Jesus Christ, I feel like I'm in line with the f***ing suit. Well, he's f***ing f***ing f***ing the f***ing panthers and sh***. It's just football and mutual of Omaha's wild f***ing them. F***ing the f***ing panthers. That's all that's on the cue girl, man. What do you want me to do, man? That's just crap. That's all for this week at I'm Ozzy Osmo. The prince of f***ing football. Puckery 2. At 5.60 WQAM. Oh FBI. Al-Qaeda detainees, smoke of smoke of fire plot. Just a coincidence, I guess, when you think? Yeah. The FBI alerted law enforcement agencies last month that an al-Qaeda terror is now in detention and talked of masterminding a plot. The set of series of devastating forest fires around the western United States. You're following that, man? That's just a word about the walls. Paradoid. Yeah. Roe's Davis is spokeswoman for the National Interagency Fire Center in Boise. Tull the AP that officials there took note of the warning, but didn't see any tact on it further. The contents of the June 25th, NEMO from the FBI's Den for Orcus reported Friday by the Arizona Republic. The Republic reported that the detainees was not identified to the point of all three or four people, setting wildfires using time devices in Colorado, Montana, Utah, Wyoming, that would detonate in forest and grasslands after the operatives had left the country. How do you like that? I just mentioned that in passing. Nothing for you to get peridot about. Just at the state of California is on fire. I mean, they have forest fires out there all the time. It's like a regular thing. Earthquakes forest fires, a lot of crap. And they got Arnold. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, I hate to break the news to you. But Jay Feeler is making a little bit of a move. You see that? No. Yeah, you do. It's reloaded. Who should be that often starting quarterback 487 votes. Ryan greasy 276, 56.6%. Haney aloft sports you asshole 63. I don't give a Schmidt 61. Jay Feeler 48, 9.8%. He's almost 10%. And I hate to open 398%. How to 487. I don't like that. He's starting like I told you. Very methodical. Just like when he plays very, very mediocre. Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I had an accident. A radio accident. I just put on 940 first of all. You think you ring Guatemala, only Latins or an ounce. But the thing that for Keny was on the radio, I mean, I'm announcing we have to do everything we can to keep the marlin here. But after we see it by building a stadium and doing everything we can't. I was telling you, I heard that and I'm saying that I'm on an empty stomach. I didn't need lunch. I was going to burr out. I'm almost ready to put my fork down right now. I'm just telling you, then they have a barbecue issue. They want to introduce all the commission. Talk about band jumpers, band ragging jumpers. The commissioners are still looking for the bandwagon down on KIAO Joe. Exactly. Unbelievable. Are you putting yourself along the way? Still copy on his amigo. And the announcers are 940. They're the Hispanic announcers. So, he'll be on my shi shi tono yama ingls. I got a hole. Okay, come on. I'm going to put things in. It's fine. Do you say best to make coolos? What is that? It's something like that. Something about mirada. Mir, mirada. 560, 0560, pound 560. On the AT&T and Ryan Sidder, our guest Miguel is busy. He's occupied well tomorrow. The excuses end. Tomorrow I'm going to start pushing up because it's almost no the end but I already. And we've got to start getting this abandoned pair of rescue thing going for serious and stop it is said, didlin and dadlin. If I have to wait for clearance and muffin he's people all though, I'm not giving us a nice check. But generally speaking he's a wall. He's like George W. He's a wall. He's a you know, fagging it up in key ways to panathy, fath and all of a sudden. It's about time for you guys to quit all the factory down here and start putting your little elbow grease to it. You know, of course you shouldn't tell him that. Back home. Here's the call from dear feel. Hello. Yes, sir. Why is that? Whatever. To carry sure. To take some fiction lessons. She called it the world's doing this champion. And then she goes as your real champion of the world champions. Most comfy on his day. The long noise drive, university died. There's no with the other that's with the Donnishalili. Hey, Donna, kiss our ass. Honey, we can't stand you. You're an idiot. Goes to show you even Bill Clinton had some real little ringers in there. Hi, he had some real losers. Donnishalili was one of them. Yeah. We've got balls. That's disgusting. That the university and I mean, does want to be associated with that. Because of course they had no balls. We all know that. That's why they played little girls teams almost every week. So they went like 83 to 6 and 142 to 3 things like that. Because they had no real balls. It's a pussy school. 500 votes even. Let's hear it. Oh, that's only little after 12, 30. We already got 500 votes on a big quote about controversy. It's about time. Look at this. We got even though it's all sports related. Of course, that's what up our alley. I'm QAM. Sure. Even though usually we avoided like the plague on the show. And I hop on at that. And that's right. You got the Marlon's Parades and Cavalcade's. All that. I'll put you most on Wastos Capione's. Right. And they say. And we also at the same time after the beginning of this this boiling thing, this embryo. Whatever the hell that means. Remember early, bro. They'll pitch for the red. No. I do. This thing we had a quarterback controversy with Brian. We played real good last night against a little little teeny girls team in 10p against the poor J. Feeller from Dartmouth. Up to 10%. He's got Fitty votes. Look at that. J. Feeller's got 10%. Oh, he's going J. Everybody, we do something about the mirrors before it's too late. He can always fly out of town without a plane. Maybe he's a flying manifesto. 567.0560. I don't think so. Here's Miami. Hello. They do. Yes, sir. How you doing? Pretty good. You're in a plane. I love you, show man. Of course. You're the greatest. I am. I listen. I know you know that. Listen. If you want to see how ridiculous that quarterback poll is, yeah. Just add then Marino's name to it for an hour and see what happens. Okay. All right. I'm something to think about. Okay. Thanks, pal. Let's put that Marine on it. Not. Now we don't want to do that. We don't have to screw it all up. It'll show everything out of kilter, right? Right. If Danny has anything left in the tank, if he's got something left in the tank. You know, the calls on his radio station in the sports. I mean, ours look less face than we are. Couser pretty lame. But the calls on the sports shows are just so it's like that. Aren't we blessed down here, Jay? Mar, we blessed here. And this is an adult. This wasn't some kid. Some punk who's collecting baseball cards and use Josh Straff. This was an adult. It's supposedly macho meal. Are we blessed down here, Jim? Oh, after, you know, we had a couple of football games. Then like the week or two later, both teams took it up the ass. So it goes to show you. Last one week and cursed cursed the next. Isn't that what father's stool says? A cursed. That's right. And don't forget, I put a most, uh, lot of the waste. Uh, uh, uh, what? Doxstrap. Twenty-two-one. But I tell you it seems like a long show here today. I don't know. Yeah, it seems like we're doing a... Doesn't it? Yeah, drags. Now we're not doing sports talk. We're doing community involvement here. Oh. I mean, you know, it's all the people come from the parade. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha. And by the way, they'll get the same service, the same treatment that Bugad, Crick doll, Tom. And that was, you've had a one met. That was one of the great lines in history. Poor Bugad. Descript. I bailed them out though. I hate Bugad, you owe me man. Big time. You owe me because I bailed his ass out. You know, he didn't have anything to talk to a sobody could barely hear anything. It was everybody screaming in yelling and getting plastered. What do you got for me, Neil? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, that was beautiful. Nice going Bugad. Bugad. Baby, don't take that. Well, actually, my best advice would be take the job of the match. Okay. Because you'll always be second-fiddle with a Marlins. If the Marlins were smart, they'd make him the top banana right now, the top dog, the Chiquita banana, and it's held day before. Dave, well, what's his name? Dave Van Boer and go back to Montreal. They get his boring ass out of town. He is pathetic. Even when he has sex with his beautiful wife, which everybody says she's really hot. You know what, I magical mama comes here. And like that. And that's about as much enthusiasm as I said that man can work out. And. So. Finally, what is afraid of he gets to a set of the piece of flopsaw. Squirt. Squirt. Squirt. They ripped my dog out. They just didn't think they would pay him and shout out. They yelled as loud as they could to go to me. They walked for miles and miles till they fill up all the bags. Then they'll go home and ride out their keys. On the snow, the wind melts. With the snow, the wind gets. They just stopped so right. Taking all that you can. They'll kill you a fright. With the bitch, you can't wait. Getting candy all night. They're deleted like this. The sooner they start, they should walk around and keep coming on and on. For hours later, you'll finally alone. You end up with three bags of candy. You put them in the giveaway. Next year, you'll portray them. There's nobody home. They're all the way in the night. You're allowed some kid cats. You're allowed some kids cats. They're all the bad. They're all the bad. With the Halloween grass. They'll get turned off your lights. Then some ants will go spread. That's a mucle. On the snow, the boy's got a boy. The boy's got a boy. FCC gives Bono a pass on cursing at the awards. When it comes to cursing, the government says it's all in need delivery. That's the view of the FCC and its decision that you two singer Bono's cut off a language during the Golden Globe Awards did not violate federal indies and sea rules. The FCC rejected complaints from the parents television council more than 200 people, most of them associated with the council. McEuse doesn't have TV stations of violating restrictions on a scene broadcast by airing portions of the awards program I ask you anyway. The complaints objected to Bono's uttering the phrase, this is really, really effing brilliant. The FCC using the F word more often was spent decision and Bono did on the air, so the word may be crude and offensive but in the context presented here, did not describe sexual or extraordinary organs or activities. That distinction is a key test to measure whether a statement meets a federal standard for broadcast and decency. David Solomon. Oye! Chief of the FCC's enforcement bureau said that Bono used the vulgarity as an adjective or to emphasize an explanation and that the uses specific words including exploders or other foreletter words did not render does not render material obscene. The parents television council a Los Angeles-based watchdog group said today would appeal to the decision and that the FCC is splitting hairs. It's not shocking to us on the FCC decision because the rate took us line said Laura Mahani, director of corporate and endroutiment affairs for the council, they don't take indecency seriously and that's why you said proliferating on the broadcast airways. She said within those way up in the air, the FCC rejected the complaints on Friday and out the decision this week. We have previously found that fleeting and isolated marks of this nature do not warrant commission action, Solomon said. How do you like that? A rare decision for free speech. Very rare especially in America. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Who should the dolphins a starting quarterback be as our poll question on the arraggies.com? 528 vote. And Brian Grease has got 295 of them 55.8 percent. Nice going Brian. I don't give it to mid 69. Handy a lot of sports you asshole 68. JPEAT. LER 53. He's hanging steady at 10 percent. Nice going J. I hate that often 43 out of 528. Here's a call from plantation. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Listen the only slogan that Donna Schleller approved the Miami. A team was we've got strap on. I get one let's you know that. She's probably got a big one. Okay thanks. Probably a gator fan here. I'm okay. I'll let childish crap and floating. Oh I'm a gator fan. I'm a no-al-span. I'm a king fan. You know what my comment is? All of them people would grow up. That's my comment. Yeah. And George said who the f-cares. Well we don't want to say the whole word like uh... Bono because we don't get the same consideration. We won't that Solomon guy. Okay we're not Irish. Oh is that it? Neither is he. 560. 560. 560. We're just Jones in here from somebody excitement at that big ticur-tac parade and of course go to get one o'clock. One o'clock starts the other parade because that's like in another language. It rouse in date county so it speaks for a spiss-for-a-cell. One p-m till 230 is the motorcade stop parade all the way through um... high o-cho and a 20-block route and they're going to be throwing like still while bears out on the streets. Once worn by uh... and a few old media note-says from last uh... a syncoid mile. Some of the be-ners left behind a speaker and a be-ner boy. Here's the call from a beautiful mianning. Oh this is uh... a radio turned up. Here's mianning. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey Neil what do you think about this mar is baby? They're doing it baby. They did it. And have a nice day. See they got nothing to say. What do you think about these marons? I think it was exciting. It was interesting in a lot of fun. I think it was exciting. It was interesting in a lot of funies. And then they are what am I going to say? Am I going to sit here and let's start squeezing myself over it? No. No they're all ugly anyway. 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. They're just absolutely as dead as the door now. See me yesterday. Very lively on this end of the uh uh uh uh uh Neil here. Spectrum. Right. On this end of the field specter. Oh by the way he shot us. Yes he did. Everybody you gotta discuss that. Yeah. But the fact that the matter is that the town in spite of this temporary oblip. It's like a blip on the uh uh uh radar screen of life. That's all it is you know. Tickr Tate Parade. We already went through this in 97 plus they all were also through in the 80,000 people at PP Park that night you know. But this time it said nah that's enough. This is three events is enough for the politicians to go out there in Grandstown. That's it. You know the people might actually have a good time at the stadium. But I think it's really poignant to see that all the people that were like excoriating David Samson and Delilah and uh Jeffrey Luria just a few months ago, including most of the uh sport holes on this here radio station. Who were just carving them an ass. Every chance they could get. I don't want to mention no name. Absolutely right. But now oh this is the most wonderful thing and what a great young bunch of talent and what a gutsy performance and a Cinderella team of destiny of a every clich that ever came down the hike. Man it's unbelievable. And don't forget I pray you most. I love what is it? Huh? I pray you almost I uh the voice throw uh a douchebag. Here's a call from Miami again when this is a third day studio. Thank you. How's it going? Okay sir. It's official we live in Cuba. The beginning of that whole parade was all in Spanish and the Paula was with politicians show boating. I love Miami and Delilah. He was all in Spanish? Every other word except when they brought up a gringo. They brought up a merry and a banana republic baby. Only in Miami. That's right. So if you want to go to the American version of the parade, gotta go to the Bride. Okay see any of them. Only for Latin the down here. See any of them are okay Latino's only. Solomente Latinos. Solomente los cubanos. Uh, Bravos. Five six seven. Oh five. Both of them. Five six. What are you shut up already? I'm trying to give the numbers. I want you to paddling about nothing. What are you trying to tell me? Your Spanish is better than you let it on. What do you mean by that? That you speak it good. Oh, I can read it. Yeah. Just like that. I'll pay most of that. If I have it in front of me, I could read it. Just like a Italian. I don't know what they're talking about. I know like a couple of words here and here. But that doesn't mean that my Spanish is good because I can read it. Oh, you speak it real good. I speak it pretty good. Well, why don't I have that? I don't know. They use the same time. Maybe Rubzo off. Apparently. Oh yeah. Man, oh man. You talk about the Julios. Man, you talk about a horny bunch of Catholics. Wow. Yeah. There are Rubbing more than their rosary beads in their crucifix. I'll tell you that right now. The fix is in. Oh, speak it to that. Pity accused of using sweatshop labor. Oh, and how about puffdog on passions? Well, I'm sure you had an impact in North America. So I can actually, in fact, the people there have it even seen passions yet. How do you like that? I could spoil us where everybody can tell me that today on passions. What's his name? Louise with finally show up at the house. And Charlie is trying to let jump into the house and Ketnake down with a hatchet. And a cop show up and Louise shows up and she high tails it and they truck again. Oh, and Jayling was pick up truck. What? You're ruining it for me. Oh. Well, nothing really exciting happens. Of course. So what's your name? God shot Whitney and on the plane Liz is plotting to break up. What's your name again? Well, Eve. Eve and he had T.C. He was having another one of his temper tantrums. And there's poor. I want your name, Pity. So who's still in a guy named Hospital? She won't get there a lot of there. Sean John, the clothing line of rap music, mogul Sean P. Diddy Comes is under scrutiny from a worker right scoop for allegedly using laborers from a hunter and sweatshop. How do you like that? You know who that reminds me of? Yeah, you know miserable nasty people that we hate like poison. And I'm trying to figure what to tell the name of the one. Yeah, the other kid doesn't even pretty good. There is a child living down in Mexico who has to go to work every day. Oh, shit said his death. There's that big band colder. Making clothes for Kathy. There's no he's coming in. He loves the work. But those love the pain. They are the kids. Who made the car remain alone? They are the ones who make a buck at days of quick complaining. It's just cause the making. But time you love to fly. It's true that they cook a day with Kathy Lee. The director of the Anti-Swedge Up National Labor Committee Charles Kurnahan planned a release of report today detailing poor working conditions. At the southeast textile factory in Chaloma, Honduras, where Sean, John, clothes are made. John John, some like a Chinese outfit. Don't it, Chanchang or Haitian? I just had chinks for lunch. Workers there are subjected to daily body search at Sean John's plantation. You'd better learn your Haitian mind. You're up high. Oh, you're up high. Your petroblose. Workers there are subjected to daily body searches contaminated drinking water. 11 to 12 day hour daily shifts. In exchange to pay 24 cents for each $50 Sean John sweatshirt they sew. And this is peded he combs. Isn't it his business, okay? What I tell you, peded he sucks, baby. We are sports video 5c3. Two a.k. Boy, it's the one to two hour. I'm not a puppy's face. For voting this song. Because when I hear you sing it makes me goodness. You make it seem so wrong. You can't sing a like nor can that guy make. I wish I had a gun. And one of these days you might write your own song. And then my new world's steel. Can I smack my throat? Fuck the eye your past daddy. That's a quick question 101 or a Brian Greaseer J. 548 votes and Brian Greasey had 303 of them. Who should be the often starting quarterback? To me a apologize for doing like a sports pool again today. No. No. Whatever it had we want. It's topical man. This is what everybody's on the tip of their tongue, right? Right. I thought we were going to that real fast. A Brian Greasey 304 55.2% and his daddy's still boring. I don't give a Schmidt 75. Haney a lot of sports you as whole 71. J. P. or 54 dropping under that very important. What do they call it? The critical luck on the gambling channel. Critical support level of 10%. You know like on a market? Oh, it's a follow-in below the critical support level of 96. How'd we now end? Yeah. J. P. or 54 9.8% and I hated all of it. 468.3 of us. People with good taste who are like patriots fans like a real team. You know we played pretty crappy. Still want to game on Sunday, maybe 93 over to brownies and butch divers. 5 670 56. Palm five now did you do a pull when I was away on the archival thing? No. So we haven't done one yet. No. Maybe we'll do that tomorrow instead of when I was going to do. Because that other one we can do anytime. But I'm thinking that this is something somebody ought to say something about. Especially since our governor is decided to be the minister of the state rather than be the governor. He's the freaking minister. Oh, we got Terry's law. Terry's law. I know you sympathize with the family and that would the husband for your full of crap. All right. I'm telling you right now there is no point in the governor. Interceding here has got no freaking business. Stake has no is in there and jamming a lot through their source. Right. Is this bull crap about forcing people to stay alive. You know what? That's what's her wish you. She wanted to die. That's what's her wish. No. That's what we don't know. Well, that's what he says. You know what he's like. He's like, she ain't making a deal. She ain't gonna come back anytime soon. You guys might drip. So he should just walk away. Why is that? What do you mean walk away? He's got his money. He's got his new girlfriend. He's got a new baby with her. Yeah. You go let the family have the vegetable that her water her and how was it? Rockley. Okay. Rockley. You know what I had spinach. I'll grot and it Ruth Chris last night. Had a great meal of Ruth Chris. They cows here in Toronto with a whole hotel last night downtown. Wow. And I must say this and see. There he goes again. Well, I don't want to say that the Ruth Chris here is the diminution of the population in the other ones. What? The hotel there. The hotel. The restaurant here. I'm just telling him. Maybe down there they've changed. Maybe they've added new stuff on him. And you haven't been there in a long time. But boy, the Ruth Chris here is really good. And of course, as always in all of them, the meat you could cut up with your thumb. It's so tender. Oh, man. And those barbecues shrimp just swimming in that butter sauce, you know. Mm-hmm. And then it's done the mushroom stuff with crab meat. Anyway. Oh, it's really good. Don't forget, here's the everybody. All you crackers out there. You better say this right. You're going to get deported up to a protein loosely up to Stuart. Up to Jupiter. That's right. A pooyamos or apoyamos. Will either one will pass. Apoyamos on waste roast cupiones. Just keep saying it. Apoyome. Apoyome. No store. Cupion. That's it. Say it over and over again. Because you even have that. This is the new deal now. Of course you know, Jim, he's got that, uh, spick wife. Right. Peter Columbah. Who has this little, you know, he keeps forgetting things like the current things of customs. She has little memory problem. She blacks out. They's got the daughter. It's got the drug problem was in it with rush. They're trying to get ahold of the maid. And then he's got the kid, the George Peeky who likes things he's, uh, wants to be the President of Mexico. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line. All you beeners out there have a good time at the parade today. Aren't the beeners parading? Where? Here's a lady in Southwest Rochis. Hello. Yes. Hi. I'd like to make a comment about the ridiculous, uh, celebration that was just had a day from part, uh, from part, uh, going ahead. Go ahead. Yeah. I think it is politicians of Miami should be ultimately embarrassed of the fact that they took up over half of the time, which should have been really focused on. The violence actually celebrating and not talking about politics for Miami. Yeah. And I think it just shows that, you know, Miami, unfortunately, you know, the, uh, Hispanic influence in politics has, uh, ruined the city. And only in the Atlanta Republic, baby. Only in Miami. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Only in Miami because we wouldn't be seeing this if it would have happened in New York, Chicago, you know, LA. We wouldn't be hearing politicians talk for half an hour before the, uh, the violence actually get up there and, you know, are able to tell the, the politicians who are a sees that, do they, they would seize the moment someplace else, but they would get up there for 30 seconds and you know, how a little, and be a little bit gracious and do the right thing, but not in Miami because in Miami didn't get away with it because they're blatant and playground, they're dealing with a bunch of bozos. Yeah. It's disgusting. I mean, I, I'm Hispanic and I'm proud to be Hispanic. But let me tell you today. I'm embarrassed. I'm ultimately embarrassed and it's discussing the display of, of politics that was shown there. And it was evident in the faces of the players that it was such a disgust in the, in a bad case of celebrating the Marlons, they deserve better than that. They really do. And the politicians of Miami should be embarrassed. That was a disgusting display of politics. And we didn't need it now. We're here to celebrate the Marlons victory. And show the politicians. And show the politicians. And show the world series home to South Florida. And instead, the politicians have to get up there and preach their little preach. And it's just a disgusting display of politics. And unfortunately only in Miami. Amen. Well said. Thank you. Hang in there, sweetheart. Bob, I was good. That was a good little a speech, you know? Yes. Coming from a, a spiccat herself. And she says she's probably a spiccat, but she's embarrassed by the display by Mayor Pingup, the Canyon, Mayor Diaz. And all of those other professional space getting up there, posharing, pandering, bedding over backward, hopping on each of his ass. All the same aircraft. And it does make indivisible with the Mayor Cajrroyo, or Mayor Diaz. Or any other whatever it hell they are, you know? Anybody, I think they need a volumalment is what the problem is. We need a lot more politicians whose names don't end in Z. Like, or oh, oh. Yeah, like, Carroyo. That's okay. Listen, we've had plenty of crux to go around. We had Jew crux, so we had Barry, what the guy that left that disappeared. What I was Joe, um, Gerston, Doug Gerston. Right. And we had Barry Schriver. And we had Larry, uh, my good friend, Larry Smith. What kind of a Jewish name is that, Larry? Well, he probably changed Larry Smith. We had Jews and we had march marches. We had Johnny Jones with, I mean, you name it. You can't complain about the honest politicians in South Florida because quite frankly, we haven't found one yet. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T. That's he's got a great point. This ain't supposed to be a political rally. It's supposed to be a thing to, uh, honor to the team and the organization and Jack McKean and all those people who did this to the stuff they're thing. Mayor Pinkup, I came to Heathens for any pictures. He didn't get any goddamn hits. Same with Mayor Diaz. Man, I wonder if his kid is still paraphrasing him. Pink 20s. Hey, here's it. Oh, go get some. Here's the call from Ford Pierce. Hello. Uh, yes, sir. When you get my log guys to many things, I want to talk to you about. Go right ahead. Did you see, uh, Chan Lowe's cartoon today in the sun? No, I'm just comfortable. No. Uh, it's perfect, man. There's a picture of a guy with a driving like a van with a Marlins World Champion's on it and a, uh, 1800 flags on the, on the car and he's filling up at a gas station. And the caption read, he's talking to the gas station at then. He says, hey, you know what, I've been a Marlins fan for the longest. Yeah. Perfect. And by the way, uh, that guy, the guy is dead. The announcer van, oh my god, did you hear the call when they won? Did you hear that? Yeah, we're playing it. We're playing the promo. You think that they would erase it, that they'd be embarrassed that anybody might hear it again and we're playing it. You know what, that guy, I mean, you almost wish for, uh, for Joe, uh, the Gacky. There you go. Uh, there you go. That's right. Exactly. Oh, and lastly, the, uh, did you catch, uh, Steve Shapiro's logie when he was up in Chicago? No. He gets on TV and this is after, I, I remember which game it was after, but they had a close up, probably from the chest up. This guy has a lugey, the size of Montana hanging off his nose. Oh, right. Excellent. And the cameraman, which actually, he did a great job. You actually noticed is that any backs away about 100. Yeah, like you didn't really see that. You just thought you saw it. Exactly. And then you see your face. Oh, my. Oh, my. And then you hear, and then you see your curl turn around and fight with the mother guy and then he knips it up his nose or disappear. It was an unbelievable move. He pulled a metal hour anyway, and the, and last, and the last thing really is a GW and Asia. Have you seen a, a stupider this guy has no clue. Everybody in Asia is telling us that the whole world is scared, uh, crap list. Yeah, they're, they're like poison and his responses. You, I can't believe that we don't like it. Have a great day, pal. I'm happy. I'd like to ask. Yeah, Joseph Gackie is a great black and very hostess. I don't know if they got never met Dave in board. He may be a very nice guy and his wife may be hot as blazes and he may have a really nasty looking to pay. But the fact that a matter is he just can't get excited. And how he has gotten off in a town as generally pretty critical of anything and everybody. How he's gotten off with such a free pass, beat, especially on this radio station. Beats the crap out of me. He's terminal terminal. Call my inducing. And if you people, but he organization, at any sense, you get together with boog and you sit down and you make them a deal for like 10 years and you'd make him like the lead and answer. And if you want to keep going, boog and around to like clean the turlets or, you know, do something like that. Fine. But not to be broadcast in the game. He's just, he's pathetic. He's got a good voice. He just don't have any idea how to use it. You following all this? No, what? Good. We said he sucks. You to agree with that. See, agree with that with anybody. You need to know who we're talking about. Who? 569 votes. Look at that. What a sweet total. What a sweet total. Who should be that often starting quarterback? Jay Femler's back to 10%. Hey, scorn Jay. You keep clawing away, man. They keep trying to knock you down and talk about how you suck what you do, but nevertheless, you continue just then you're head against the brick wall. Couldn't look any worse. Brian Greasy 312 54.8% drop a little bit. I don't give a Schmidt 80. Painty of love sports already. You asshole. 74. Jay Femler 58.10.1%. Am I right? Just we've been given a retaliate. That's his Jeff High Point. Hi, I'm Paulie. And I hate it often 47 out of 473 votes. That's the way it, uh, the, uh, the, and keep in mind. Here's some free to keep in mind. What's that? A lot of the sports nerds of course haven't voted yet because they're busy with the parade. There are thousands and thousands and thousands and at least. Not good, man. People out there in the streets in their car. So they haven't been able to get to their punery yet. So this is something that many of them, a great majority of them will have a Western boost in getting their end tapping it out when it does tap one out or just squeeze one out. And get your vote on there because this is highly important stuff. I'm sure that they've once that in the entire staff are sitting there just pondering over this support. Oh, to think, oh, yeah, ponderous. I'm pondering. Then is ponderous. You're right. Because they suck. Hey, I want to tell you when you see McRister is advertising a 50% off sale. I usually sucks too. It's not a treat. It's a trick. It's usually in play the regular price to give your thoughts and personal saving your money. But they just have one piece to sell at the sale price. Then once it's gone, they try to give you the full price set. You'll bait and swish probably. The mattress industry is full of phony claims and shell games. That's why you should do what I've been doing for years. Only call 1-800 mattress for dollar mattress. No false promises. No BS bait and switch. Just discount prices every day of your life on a brand name. You know in first the best including. Stirring in the foster hue at 2 now. On a sales practice is in fantastic service keep. Dalmatra's ranked numero uno. There he goes again in customers satisfaction. numero uno is operamos la douche bag. Anyway when you call 1-800 mattress for dollar mattress, you still get to pick the day in time for delivery with an A2R-107 days a week from 8 AM to 10 PM. When it's convenient for you, they show up on time and they do a phenomenal job. With low prices, they need delivery free set up and removal too. It's easy to see. By dollar mattress is ranked the best in the world in customer satisfaction. So don't get sucked in by those mattress rooms or phone infernatures to ads. They're not in the same league with dollar mattress. Pick up the phone right now because they'll be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight. 1-800 mattress. That's the only thing you need to do. Make that one simple call. 1-800-MATT-R-ES-R-Online. You'll find them at macros.com. It's... As your old fellow rings, how the text record lost its hunch. Ah... I'm scared. Then, for some real flight in your night, with a whole new CD, the real thousands of horror. With blood-codling sound effects like... Yeah, it looks like we're gonna have to replace all transmission, and then they cover on the wall, it takes... You're real thousands of horror. It's the CD that terrifies you. That's only reality, can't we? I'm sorry, honey. It's turning pink. Pick me as negative. We're not pregnant. No! Wait, wait, wait, I read that wrong. Pick me as positive. No! The real thousands of horror is full of real sounds that are really scary. Good morning, sir. Mike Wallace in the 60 minutes camera crew will wait for you in your room. Here he is, how's the horror? Because when it comes to care, there's nothing like the real thing. The real sounds of horror is available on me at the wall. Who at the wall? Oh! Oh! One 19, how's that wood do I buy the wazys store on? Oh yeah. What a shame. 589 votes were approaching. We can go close to 700 day during the show. I thought this is gonna be heavy duty. Wait till the sports nerds get in from all their big partying in what they sober up. Here's Coconut Creek, hello. They may all be dabbing. Yes, sir. You know what the worst thing is? Is the media? When these guys won the game, all they showed was Southwest A Street. And that's it. They didn't show any other part of South Florida. Didn't show anything about South South Florida. Well, the bottom I'll get about sunrise and plantation and Davy in the Fort Lauderdale and about Boatong Beach and Papadong Beach and North Miami and etc. It's like shores and downtown A Street and the official Marlon stores on A Street. Who would have had a West Palm Beach or a Broward? West is arrived down the, the Bernabey public to buy a baseball cap. Nobody. I don't get it, man. I just don't understand why they didn't have anything up in West Palm. Nothing in Fort Lauderdale. All the issue was two places. There was only like 200 videos out there running around. What five times. But the interesting thing is because all the big talk is now that they want to build in the city of Miami. They're gonna build a new stadium in Miami. I think that would be fine because first of all, I'm an in-browder. Well, cost me a dime of tax money and number two. Then you'll really see how all these lies, all this floating balloony over the years about, well, and the Cubans love their baseball. They're gonna come on some port to dig. They always has been bogus and it will continue to be bogus. Because as soon as the minutes of things start turning south with that organization, you'll see how many people are gonna be there. I'm a third man. I'm a third man. Let me tell you something. None of those people that are out to the rob and that treat everyone to a game. They don't go the games. They don't go the, I go the games. They don't go. They don't go the game. They don't go the game. You know, you hardly see any people like, it's most beautiful from West Palm and North Brown or going. Yeah. They should build the, the stadium up between the, like somewhere in bulk or something between West Palm and, and Northern Brown because that's who's going that again. The secret is, the secret is gonna be, which you haven't heard yet during the off season when they have the weekend, Cockfights man is gonna reckon the dough. The Cockfights. Gotta say real fast. Have a great day, pal. Hey, man. Why did he do that to me? Oh, five, 60. Pound five, 60. How's he going to end with my way speaking of that? Oh, that was a path fight. He's always been involved in a cat fight now. Roy. Don't forget to wear his book on sale. The places everywhere tomorrow. What in the pink one on the stink? It's a real award winner. I bet you're greys going to the first copy. How'd off the press? Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Hello, what's the name? It sounds like you, yes sir. Okay, thank you very much. I've been on the hospital long. I'm in Hollywood already. So sorry. I'm sorry. That's okay. Hollywood can't afford yet. Anyway, I'd like to ask a question if I may see his report from station. No, it's not. What? This show is not a sports show. It's not a sports show. Please, don't let him in. Look out for having speeches. Why do they call it the world series? One of those, Jenny, international teams playing in it. Because they feel like it. Okay, and by the way, we can't bathe your ass out of no more wars for good loss. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. And by the way, the princes are pretty pissed off Prince William and Prince Harry. With a whole real guy, with a Butler, the Butler done it. Whatever shall we do. Yeah, whatever shall we do about these terrible things he's saying about Diana now and about Camilla, Parker Bowles and all this other crap and the daddy with the big ears. You know, Prince William is getting big ears and getting real real ugly now. He's getting to really look like that. Do you batten birds, you know? Everybody thought he was like this hot shot, you know? He's an ugly punk and Prince Harry's even uglier. Well, what is it with those red cheeks, huh? What is that all about? Back home. Have you ever noticed that? No. Every time you see Prince Harry, well, you don't see it a lot because you're watching, oh, I speak in a watching I saw Skimla as night. Yeah, this is, I saw a little skin. But I have an inch. Oh, sure, I saw a little bit of it. It was, uh, I don't know. Now, how come the one I saw that I'd be for? Yeah, I don't get it. Was hot. It was hot. Oh, man. It was hot. Yeah, where he had the Romeo and Juliet twins, whatever the name is. Uh, and then last that, the only part that I saw because the watch and the leafs blow the lead net game I'm getting ready to press. But there was the Ron Silver on Air Boy, the a portal guy. And the the sun getting the daughter. Let's see, is that the daughter? I can't, I can't figure out which is where the daughter. Yeah, the daughter, the 16 year old daughter, the one that's banging at the hobo can death right. But at any rate, yeah. And they hit each other like poison and then there's the black guy I see now. I don't want to say that the media continues to perpetuate these stereotypes. But that real nasty inmate looking black guy, you see him? No. Real, I mean, and he's trying to get somebody killed and making a deal. Trying to pay somebody off the murder or something. I don't know what it's all about. Yeah. That was a great show. I saw on BBC about the history of I mentioned this yesterday. Saw last week when I was an Amsterdam. About the going back to the origins of the porto industry and about Hugh Heffner and Bob Goochione and Larry Flint and Al Goldstein back when he was slim and had some money. And it was a pretty damn good, pretty interesting. And the thing about Larry Flint, I had forgotten already what the circumstances were of his getting shot. I'm winding up in that the shate that he's in right now. It was a bunch of Bible thumbers in the deep south somewhere. Right, Christian was on trial. Huh? Christian than they loved. Yeah, those good Christians. Oh, Larry Flint. They're going to save you from yourself and I'll let the disgusting skin and stuff. And then we're going to go molest some kids. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. Oh, there's the Marlins madness. Or a nine in under-based fall team. The mountain will shoot in and drink it as soda. A bunch of steel and clear clips. First of three parades today just wrapped up here in downtown Miami about 60,000 people showed up. They're still cleaning out the trucks throughout their cleaning the garbage out now. wrapping up here and the partying is moving. Well, at least 100,000 expected accelerations today. The Florida Marlin players will again motorcade through the streets of Lillavanna. Thousands more expected there. And then there's one. There's one of those farcec girls. They're anywhere. They're a little bit more. Lord, loader day. I'll let it about four. Well, there's a couple of farcecers before Lillavanna. Oh, honoring the Florida Marlins. And one of the very good pieces of news coming out today. Oh, sorry, those are the players. 72 year old manager Jack McKin will be back again next year. And Jeffrey Loria, the owner, announcing that unlike in 97 after the championship when the team was gutted and the players traded, that will not happen again next year. The Marlins are going to come back, hopefully intact to try and repeat. Here up. All right, there's John Zimbel from CNN standing there front of a bunch of open-annabody people. Adam's ready for all we want the Marlins. Now, you know, the ball isn't your court. You know what I'm saying? No, what? Adam and you, I'm talking about the public out there, the audience. These, these people of these phony, baloney people will see if they spring with some tickets during the early season games, you know, especially if things go a little on the rocky side. We'll see. We'll see. I'm not going to like make any predictions because I don't know. We might be surprised. Might be a pleasant surprise. Like maybe they really give a crap. Do we think they do? Oh, but like I said, we'll see. See, see, senior. See, there's a chapter one at five. He's still going on. I had a crumpled night, John. I was great. I'll tell you something. It's not so great. That's when your carpets look in smell and feel like real crap when they're like really dirty. You feel unclean, you know, you like the you want to jump in a shower. Here's the way to have your carpets clean. You make one easy call to my good friends at dry concepts. They've been cleaning my carpets for over 20 years in a variety of joints where I live. And believe you made that the best in the world. That's why keep using them and keep telling you about them. There's a number one carpet cleaning company in the world. And they dry clean your carpets. There are the only people anywhere is who do this. And right now, dry concepts offers you a chance to say 15% on your next carpet cleaning. Here's column tool for you. And I said, and to put you on their stand by list. And then dry concepts will call you next time they have an opening in their schedule. Call 1-800-248-5071. It's like when you fly stand by, if you're available when they have an opening, they'll not 15% off the regular price. When they get done, your carpets are dry in a couple of hours. They look in smell and feel like a lemony fresh and just like brand new. And I guarantee if you had never used to before, you'll be amazed that what I do pen this un-matchable job they do. And as far as rip off and scams are concerned, leave that to the other guys because the drug concepts they give you are written guaranteed price upfront before they start the work. So column today, I'm going to put you on their stand by list. They might even have an opening for you. Did they did you call and you'll still say 15% off the already low regular price of the job? Call 1-800-248-5071. Be sure to double the authority to call 1-800-248-5071 or check them out of the web at dryconcepts.com. This is the Neil Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions? What's up? I'm Mark and Hero. Today we salute you, Mr. Highway Department flag man. Mr. Highway Department flag man. You're entrusted with the awesome responsibility of kind of definitely almost telling us it's our turn to head down the only open lane on a two-way street in Russia. It's always the other side, sir. You, sir, take that orange flag and with a decksterellity of a tree's law, make a gesture that says, go or is that stop or are you trying to scare away a bee? Neil never know. Yes, Mr. Highway Department flag man. You're too partly to fit down a manhole. You don't have the expertise to operate a shovel. So they gave you a reflective best and entrusted you with our very line. Just keep the gas and grip. Over next time, you'll see a man at work sign. Crack up at life to someone who's not even working and who on closer inspection might not even be a man. Mr. Highway Department flag man. A real American hero. Mr. Highway Department flag man. One third is your hand gesture, Saint Louis or Missouri. At 560 WC, I'll tell you one thing I like so much. I have to play it again. It's real sure. OVTampons. The only Tampons designed by women, vana colleges. Only women, the only women. Only women, the only women. It has its moments. Here's a little Havana, hello. Yes. Hey, how you doing? I just wanted to say that. You went into your big, modern spans and we want to thank Little Havana for keeping us going during the regular seasons. What does that mean? What does that mean? When I went down to the Marlons game, it was the least half Cuban in her Hispanic or something. Everyone was speaking Spanish. Really? Well, come at America speaking English. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Isn't that an obnoxious call on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Anybody believe that? No. But thank you, Little Havana, for keeping our Marlons going. Does that make any sense to you? No. No. Do you wait for the nobody, pal, even yourself? Probably calling for like Westland from the T-Roo Mcc. Pinnies. Here's a mirror, Marlone. Hello? Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. Thank you, Neil. For your support of the Collins. And I'm in the wild and Maple Leafs suck. Okay. Thank you so much. And you know what? Who cares? And me while the Maple Leafs suck. That's his second attempt today. A feeble attempt of humor. Who cares? You know what? Because still, like I said yesterday, the positive paycheck that's more than you making six years. Okay, loser. Has a whole truck. 666 votes. Who should do you the? It is again that childish it's the sports nerd mentality, which is why I feel a little bit uncreamy. I may have to hop in a shower to a clock. A little bit uncreamy getting dragged on this more ass. A lot of people looking for more ass. 666 who should be the dolphin starting quarterback? Bob Greasy 325. I don't give a Schmidt 88. Payney a lot of sports you ass. Holy 2. J.F. Ler 63. 10.3%. Oh, no. And I hate the dolphins 48.7. 9% out of over 600 votes. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. This is a lady in Miami. Yeah, the lovely. No, I'm on a roll line. I'm on my way. Well, we'll get back to that guy. Well, the lady's been waiting for a long time. Here she is. Hello. How are you, Neil? Okay. I just call to take a low and to get the dial a mattress number. Please, if I can get it because the man said I have to talk to you. 1-800. Yes. Mattress, MATT-RES. Okay. Thank you so much. I enjoy your show. I appreciate all your programs very much. Thank you. I read that. See, that was nice. You wanted to number 1-800. Mattress 1-800. MATT-RES. You can dial the last test that I won't do nothing because of too many digits. But that's the way it goes. 5-670560. Pound 560 on a AT&T line. The phones are pouring in the calls from those 60,000 people. John Zerberlom, CNN, time to walk. That softboard is on fire with enthusiasm and excitement. And just all whipped up into a frenzy. We would any of that today. None of it. We heard none of it yesterday. We heard none of it today. Which is really amazing and astonishing. Is it it? No. Really. Here's a call from Bokeh. Hello. Which I'm sure they're right on their way down to the parade. Probably out of the New Bruber. Hello. Bokeh. Yes sir. Hey, sorry about that. Hey man, I got a couple things to say. The wedding was a great. I'm sorry about that. All these sports goals that sink green seas the man. They just played a little girl team last night. That is great. What he does next week against the call. You know, that's ridiculous. And number two, everybody talking about all these Spanish, you know, all these political rallies and all that foolishness. I'm asking for a shameless request. I'm hoping you could take this back to the time of Billy out. So we can remember about all the foolishness that Miami is all about. Okay, you got a man. Thank you sir. And have a great day. And don't forget. Oh, what the hell are you doing with that page? Oh, that's bad. See, because I can't, oh, there it is. I'll put you in more sideways for a scopp on a paper. And thank you, little Havana. Thank you. Thank you, buddy. Many much for keeping the marlins going during the season for being like the 5000 out of the 10 or 11,000 that really weren't the seats during like most of the games before everybody started Tylenon at band way. What a band way can make break in a minute, you know, may like crumble over the pressure. Or speaking of crumbling under the pressure, Miriam elephant vogue yesterday to fight any opportunity to remove her is brow county's election supervisor. Flatley rejecting last week's assessment by the Secretary of State that our office is in Shambles and unprepared to head-loved coming elections. Oh, elephant said she would not resign, but this is one militant. Did you know it? God. She reminds me like a clone of that bits that we used to work with the Pacionado team. Remember that? I'm sure you do. She maintained that her recent purge of key office staff and the turmoil of the past year have not harmed the her readiness for next week's local mail-in votes and the 2004 presidential election cycle. Oh, my goodness. We're going to have her for the presidential election again. Oh, no. I haven't violated any laws or procurement policies or procedures. Any ethics standards elephant said, I fulfilled my responsibilities. I'm here to run elections. And that's what I'm doing. We're in compliance for having elections, which is why so many people all over Brought to get like a whole bunch of extra ballots in the mail just in case they amount of vote multiple times. Secretary of State Glenn the hood flotters top election official charged last week that elephant had exhibited an alarming pattern of eras, not just a regular pattern, but an alarming pattern of eras, responsibility that could warrant her removal from office to which I say, yes. Hood gave elephant till November 10 to meet dozens of recommendations made by state task force that puts into investigate Brought's erection system. Blancing over the highly critical task force report for the first time yesterday afternoon, elephant said that much of the criticism was unmarried. Seizing on a small section of the report that said the county should give a more warehouse space, elephant charged that that would be the reason for any problem with next year's elections. Her warehouse manager said he must prepare 1500 touchscreen voting machines for use, and January special election for state house district 91, and city elections in February, but has space for 1,400. County officials who have been planning to give elephant more warehouse space, had yesterday, they're confident they can find temporary quarters for it used during that time. Quarters have dollars. Maybe those new pink 20s. Elephant also was attacked the counties purchase of touchscreen and voting machinery as part of the cost for election miscues, but the state association of election administrative came out yesterday and staunch defense of the new technology. In other words, the new machines didn't set out all those illegal ballots. Anyway, it just goes on and on of course the governor, the juxtapher he's between a walk in a hard place. Now he's too busy with Terry's law. He don't have time to stuff like this, but he wants to get her ass out of there. The only problem is there a lot of folks who are dark and collected who say don't be doing that. First they're not going to vote for him anyway. So what does he care? It's good. I can't run again anyway, can he? Don't we have a two term limit, a Florida? For governor? That's a good question. I don't even do. I think we do somebody who knows will tell me, but I really think you can't be governor more than two. Consecretive term. He's got other things in mind. You know, oh yeah, bigger 2008. You know, Bush, we had Bush one. Now we got Bush two and then we're going to Bush three and then George P. And what was me? And I'm out of the country. Thank goodness for while. Twenty-tilt two at five, 60. WQM Big news boys and girls. How that potty, GMC has just been voted the number one potty, GMC dealer in date County. In customer satisfaction, Halle, Lua. Tom Lehman and Joe Prieto want to thank their lower customers for their incredible support. And right now, you can take advantage of special needle deals. On over 60 GMC, on-voys and on-voys excels and stock. By you and on-voys, whereas the list, 24,998. You heard me right, you don't have waxy buildup. On-voys and on-voys excels for the list, 24,998. Save up to $5,000 with combined discounts and rebates or gets you zero percent interest. And of course, how that is always as they have for years and years over 35 long amazing years. The best election is certified P.O. cars trucks SUVs and stock on a lot of no lemons in the place. And if you're worried about your credit, if you have a blum or shirt too on your ass and maybe on your credit report, it's never a problem when you do your vehicle shopping at Halle, Pontiac GMC. Great deal deals waiting for today and every day at Halle, Pontiac? 134-01, Sat. X-E-I-Wit. That's US one across from the falls open every day, seven days a week. For more info, Covany, Rogers, Neal, D.L. Hotline. It's a toll-free call. 1-Trival 8-534-442-11. That's 1-Trival 8-534-442-11. Don't forget, all offers something to credit or provosts the folks at Halle for all these details. That's only at Halle, Pontiac GMC, who definitely be professional grade. My life and love. This is 4-3-05-60. You're the only new way, yeah. And I'm not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not so you do right there there you haven . And you're making us yours You've had your fun, you've started packing So they can get you out of here And set the point where we can't stand it Everybody's not enough Above all the hooligans and braggers Who put the duck in the flower and duck Hey hey hey they're young and numb Why don't you go home I don't go home Yeah they don't go down Go home and see my salad home I'd be a lazy look They're giving away free us in age green cards Can I have one? 146 in this epic paradise 14 till 2 Don't forget that the spot we ran would just come in A little bit ago about the laser eye surgery Yeah Were you listening to that? No. Well you a doctor a lester I bet you jodey foster went to the same eye doctor Oh that's right Don't tell him to keep saying doctor lester Doctor lester It just crossed my mind I'm sorry that it did Since 131 votes who should be the dolphin starting quarterback Brian Grease 340 53.8% anybody ever tells what number he wears No. What uniform number? Stop. Nobody told us what number Brian wears I know what number he wears What is it? 196 squared I don't give a Schmidt 89 Haney or an Uph sports US 87 J. P. L. is 65 10.8% J. you keep clawing away J. You are pretty mediocre though I hate the dolphins 50 7.9% On the 631 votes Heavy duty total Here's a call from call spring Hello Call springs Calling once Are we good or 5 6 7 0 5 60 Let me just do screenless the rest of the way Okay because it's obvious that you know Where did everybody's involved in this other stuff right? What other stuff? This heavy duty crap whatever it is it's going on This is the guy who's your festival Funding right at the cleansing Here's Miami hello Hi, Neil Yes sir First of all apologies to my fellow countryman earlier Obviously the world series because they do have the best fighters in the world playing here I just left the parade in the family they were supposed to do little Hanna in the convertibles which they had to cancel Because along the whole the streets were out of control If you could be by that Well apparently they couldn't control the streets so there's no way they could do it in the convertibles So they're doing it in the trolley now We could they bring the pop-in managed to slip in him around Well I was going to say that Well it's the day now And have a good day 5 6 7 0 5 yet That other brick they called before that's helicopter Any brick that starts talking about other people's sports man You are really a clown That guy that called earlier. Why did they call it the world series? I think I had too much spotted dick that was his problem So it's no cabertas too much tot in the hole Yeah, would it run be in there a swash in there Oh, what are all those and a cricket? Oh, it's it's test cricket And he's got a wicket and he's going to stick it and the holy Toledo man And you know I got to tell you this you'd be dismayed Especially somebody who reviles the whole sports and shot at the like sky news They must take out of the hour newscast If you think out about like 12 minutes for spots and it's 40 minutes They must take like about 15 minutes of that What are silly sports crannn? And if one of the soccer players having forbidden signs would like some other team like one of the Italian teams They're in I mean they carry on like like the queen just had a hemorrhate pop They have a nervous breakdown I would think even more so than the stuff with all those ruckus See the stuff with the ruckus that's just like filler even though they make a big deal But it's like filler material, you know Until the next sports scandal hits 5, 6, 7 and by the way do you think that princess Anne has ever had a bowel movement like in the last 30 years No, thanks so you ever see that bitch? Oh, fossilized. He's got that nasty constipated look In fact the the whole royal family those battenbergs They look a lot like some of my mother's sisters family But 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you they do they look like the roses of Rochester That's the abandoned birds are I'm sorry the house of Windsor They're the abandoned birds are a bunch of Germans look as what they are They're not fooling anybody And a prince Philip man I guarantee he boost that's it Make no mistake about him Here's for a lot of deal hello Hey, they're in the old man My good A lot of deal, officer Didn't hear my whole life Reflected Marlon fans you know, they're all good and bany But what they're showing on the new, especially in the TV As they're projecting the whole Hispanic population as the only fans Of the Florida, Marlon, she has to play in I guess pro player in family Technically, but that is just a reflection upon the media that is purely Hispanic That is I guess taking away from the I don't want to say I'm fresh just like hey everybody But it's just to the point where the Anglo-American African-American One nothing to do with these fans or the Marlon's because they cater to the Hispanic And I understand Miami is nothing but Hispanic which is all fine and dandy by the way What the fans are empowered Yeah, let me just say this to you if the least Maple Leafs everyone is standing a couple in which I doubt in my lifetime There would be no ethnic celebration in Toronto You know I'm saying otherwise it would be the entire community the entire city Everybody be out there in the streets There would be a big parade It would have nothing to do with that ethnicity Even though this is a much more ethically diverse city than the South Florida will ever dream of being And the same is true in any other city if the Yankees would have won the World Series instead You would have had gigantic parades down up and down Manhattan And it would have nothing to do with that ethnicity would have been everybody in the city would have been participating Yeah, I want to say if anything it's powered by grapes, but they're not reflecting the entire population I haven't seen one report of the built parade in Fort Laudon For maybe even both video western suburbs but they are projecting their dividing the line now The questions doing that but I guess they don't seem to And you know that's the bridge that the media the public relations Public relations of rather marons want to cater to the good job by dividing the community And say this is a long time Yeah, I don't forget the marlins are at the ones who are controlling I don't want to defend them But they're not the ones controlling the media and the politicians That's that's business is usual You are actually the right I should be quick on it, but the media you know I'm not looking for scapegoat But for some reason I'm sure there's a lot of other people out there to feel the same way Especially in Brown Palm Beach County that the other very isolated that that's the Miami level of events even here We are and you know it's just a sour taste and yes, I've gone over a couple games and that doesn't give me a right too much complaint But you know as a resident of Fort Laudon my whole life and a fan of the marlins and their films often It's just it's very aggravating and yet put us more back into a shell and This is one good thing in mind though that'll sue your conscience and that is you won't be paying any taxes with new stadium. It'll be all in date Or they can thank your time. Thanks 153 a little sour note is usual in South Florida because there's always that device in this fueled by the media I just like Dan LaBaz did all the Cubans want to world series and this you know we're hearing that from several people It's evidently the date County part of it is a Hispanic celebration And of course George says I still don't care 153 at five 60 W to Q and if you're underpaid if you're overworked Maybe you'd like to get yourself a new high paying career in a real life But you just don't have four years to waste in college. If this sounds like you hear me the solution pick up the phone and call our friends at fast train Tell them that it's Todd Rex birthday and they'll say Call them at 1-8-6 fast train Fathhrink and have you trained in certified for a high paying computer network professional career or a high paying medical computer specialist career and is little as four month That's right. You can be fully trained already for a new career in as little as four months And fast rain continues to offer you dating weekend classes fast rate offers job placement as assistant Financial aid the people who qualify sits convenient floor locations for and south voters to this body one close by you So if you like to change your life for the better and get a real career and a real big fat paycheck that goes with it Call our friends at fast train check them out of the web first if you like it fast train dot com and then make that call and change your life once and for all fast train one eight six Fast train My amy happiness peace a sense of well being a sense of self worth it comes from the inside out It doesn't come from the outside Dr. Bill Rayman when they want he's a Mr. Lawyer Never want to see him wearing a cheese drink that's crazy Del assistance You're You have the right judge if you You're a freak and a circus clown. You're a giant handle, things like your friend or bro. That's crazy. That feel filled stop. You retired the goal. That feel filled stop. Just leave a game. That's crazy. That feel filled stop. You retired the goal. That feel filled stop. Just leave a game. I heard Dr. Phil was a fraud. That's what I heard of fraud and the phony. I'm thinking from yesterday. Anyway, don't forget we got the big, oh. Gonna be doing a show from 2 to 4 and then Kimba Boa camp. We're also 4 to 7. From the Los Angeles River, Front for the Marlins, both for a long maneuver, which is like what? 4.30 to 5. Okay. Something like that. For the Sanctanoon. And don't forget that. These people have been calling. They're getting a little, uh, little, P.O. Which I can understand. What is that? I can't find it anymore. I'm probably almost, uh, Ladoosh Bad. I told you to tape it up. I didn't do it. Anyway, here's the final one. I'm not the final, but here's the inner, uh, inner room response on our pool. I'm theoroggers.com. Who should be that often? 3rd and quarter back. 642 vote. I told you. Pretty heavy duty. Ryan greasy 345. 53.7% of jumped on a greasy bad wagon. We just hope they don't have a slip and fall when he plays a real team on 7. That would not be a shame. Those slip and fall. Brian has that habit. Is what I'm hearing. Hey, Neil, enough sports. You asked, oh, 91 people 14.1% well, tomorrow we get back to business. Okay. We just had. Oh, I'm not this for all we hear. I don't give a Schmidt about it. 90 about that. Often 14% J. F. L. 66. 10.2% kind of a marginal number there for a marginal quarterback. And I hate that often 57.7% out of 642. Okay. Sans. Get together. And sad on No. Meadows. And And you take that. And breaks him up in A. See bae Bye bye. Bron Kab. That was great. So tied up with three kids. That was great. Bye bye.- Kinda bad. So nah, snow is the end and we continue our naughty system.