We'll be holding hands in it and cheerlead and watch the lights Someone's alley marching back We'll make your wrist straight with a kiss on the cheek It's a day day after all We can wear tight shorts, pay the gold plum make And wear mask, arrow like Billy's ain't peeking in So wait as we grants us a shake It's a day day after all And you have a delivery ball Posted by a whip-teller and a group ball They're leaving her and she rocked Not to mention people like us It's a day day after all It's a day day after all There's a day day after all It's a day day after all It's a day day after all It's a day after all We got hang out of your shorts 10 out to a 5 60 WQM Christian group once Disney's no flies on taking down for gay festival A conservative Christian organization wants the no flies on over Disney World to be removed so it can fly banners, touting And anti-Homosexualy website over the gay festival this week How come I hear like a little bit of an echo this morning I'm at a good reason I had left the guest my time Well that's real nice Well maybe we'll have a guest or two coming Maybe I will be back today Play Clarence It wasn't you It's Clarence's fault who came in there and in like I was just getting my bacon out of the microwave Any hold-ass, you didn't want to stick around too long And if I were you Clarence, I wouldn't either The Virginia based family policy never claims that O flies on in fringes upon it's right to preach freely During the gay days celebration And that's say that in the constitution Right that all far-bisc enough right when Christian organizations Have a right to preach freely and fly there a banner planes and drop tracks The group hopes to include as part of its outreach planes pulling banners reading Jesus Christ hope for homosexuals dot com there you go there's your website According to Joe Glover the organization is president A lawsuit by the family policy network in the aerial advertising company Sign up for a ruleback of the restrictions expected to be filed in federal court in Orlando this week There you go We're not advertising we're trying to reach a specific target audience But they've very specific hateful non-commercial message said one of these assholes Same old tired stuff man I mean Jesus got all mighty talk about old and stale It's like all that marlin stuff old and stale You know who the most selfish people in south Florida are Gee how much time you give in me The no certainly the most selfish people not the old people the early birds and they stole and silverware It's the marlin people all 40 of them I'm telling you I said this for years these people want them and I apologize the radio station They want them and apologize they want us to build them a stadium and they're always whiny There's nobody I don't care if they want 110 to 2 last night Nobody shows up that the five squirks is 10,000 which means that maybe maybe there were 7,000 people there Maybe Topps And that's one of their better weeknight crowds I mean and this is long before the dog days of July and August when it's 120 degrees in the shade nobody cares Oh but this is great. We finally got somebody to champion the cause got you marlin people You make me nauseous Oh you're so negative I'm not negative I'm just being honest with you Nobody cares you try to force feed hollow bottle or horse it doesn't want it Okay, it don't like it It doesn't give a crap about it and they're telling us that movies are boring Oh, if I got a movie for them I don't want to get into it though I'll just I'll turn to my coffin I'm talking about okay the movie I want you to see the most is What I should I got it Oh, here's a fact that says this is a must see movie eating raw wool It's an ancient movie it wasn't bad the net a spick movie There's a spick in it hilarious black comedy slash cult classic about a nerdy couple the bland living in LA trying to cope with their swing or neighbors When Paul accidentally kills one of the sleaze bags the couple realized they'd be doing suicide in themselves a favor by Offing the creeps robbing them and investing in their dream rest ride a total of who the hot tub scene is priceless definitely worth a watch eating raw wool Says this Paxor I'm surprised you haven't seen it it's old It's ancient Well yesterday afternoon let me just start well before we even get to that Let's not put the cart before the horse you got the cart Okay, we asked yesterday Neil show and fact I want to take a quicky pull can we do that or we'll erick it all better shape Yeah, but not that I really yeah both both you're right the quicky pull is fun to get him but not a shape Oh, I'm serious which of these three would you rather hear us talk about and you know you don't kill one of those choices Well, I'd rather die than hear about any of them know which of these three things would you rather hear about on the radio Movies Marlins or golf Ha Right You thought was your only choice Which let's get that on there right? I guess I better do yesterday's the result Neil shows on movies are and we took a pounding on this man 1200 votes even nice total Ponderous effing pod rest 323 31.9% say the shows on the movies have been ponderous good 2019 okay 210 made a little bit of a comeback getting boring 198 16 and a half percent and great a breath of fresh air 190 last place 15.8% So the negative the two negative categories 31.9 and this fifty eight point four percent I mean the 48.4 percent Got it Which means that over half over 50% which is more than George's W got even if you count the votes is being real in the election But so anyway, let's do the cookie pool which of these three would you rather hear us talk about movies Marlins or golf Huh Well, no seriously stop and think what's on our radio station to rest of the day the other other than three hours Joe and Mark around by the way Hey, if I'm always less than Joe wants his five to six hour back I'm in a little watching Magnolia, which is a three hour eight minute movie last night a shocking movie A astonishing but I'll get into that and the phone reasons are good friend Joe Costello Papa, Papa, I always enjoy talking to Joey's a good guy, but papa, you know He wants to five to six hour back. He'd like to be on when somebody might be listening. Okay when somebody's awake He's got a little voodoo doll of Mo as what I'm hearing. I didn't know he didn't tell me that But I just surmised as much as put the mojo one of he's taken away his mojo In fact wait till he sees the picture of Mo on all fours with a lampshade on his head I'm waiting myself to be able to see the real clear pristine when it shows up this afternoon in my mail. I can't wait to see that It's a must see Now, is there gonna do this or not? Because he might be listening He's on a phone with him right now. Come we want it on there right now. The other stuff get it off of it before we get anymore negative votes anymore hostile negative votes Which of these three would you rather hear about Marlon's movies or golf? So yesterday afternoon I popped in a movie that George recommended and other than bully George is on our hot streak with movies Requiem for dream was sensational Blengherry then gregland Ross was spectacular and shall I what born of the fourth of July? That was good It was depressing yeah Shallow grave a little and it starts out across it's a bunch of brits. Although I did like Alex a little bit But it's a bunch of brits and it starts out real silly. You think it's gonna be a silly movie because it's brits and brits are silly We should give Carlos credit for that because I saw it in lightah, but he was the one that actually thought to bring it up. I see But as we have he also brought up kids in gummo George perfect kids in gummo Oh Gummi kids I'm gonna do it before the show is over. I'm gonna take both of those DVDs and show them out the window So watch shallow grave yesterday afternoon and as I said it starts out silly and as it goes on It starts picking up steam and by the end of it Yeah, it's pretty amazing. Yeah the last 20 minutes is over. I'm astonishing I don't want to give it away, but put that bitch cut what she deserved you know it. I loved it She got what she deserved she had to come and I'm just a little bit curious though when it movie ends You think Alex survived all of that? Yeah Really do because you saw what was under the floor board. I don't want to give it up Yep Here's the facts that says why not try a couple of Canadian made films. Hey, oh you can if you watch your film made in Kennedy don't you get stars All the time direct your Adam igoy him has made a couple of great ones. Exonica revolves around an upscale script you out with great characters Good music and a haunting story the sweet here after is stunning enough said He has told us in the Georgia if he says he does like these two if you like record for dream blender gun roast your like these as well A couple Canadian films why would I not Canadian films? Well, maybe you've seen them. Maybe even like well. I didn't Exonica and the sweet here after okay. I'll put it in my pile Okay, I got my pile building here even though we are not talking about movies anymore So I like the shallow grave a lot. I'd give it a four on in my scale of five. I like that I'd recommend it. Selling because then last night I watched what just might be and I realized it won a lot of awards, but nobody ever talks about this the only thing they ever make any reference to is the thing about the frogs. That's it That's it. I don't want to give it away, but there is there is a scene with frogs But Magnolia just might be the best movie ever made Put that citizen king right up right in the favor. Please Well, I'm just they're always town citizen king. I know Magnolia makes recommend for a dream seem like a piece of Dreck. That's how good it is I'm telling you all right Tom Cruise is great in fact those of you people who don't mind seeing Tom Cruise at his advanced age running around his underwear Looking really embarrassing. There was a scene in there where he said and I'm sure he's got a salami in his underwear in his BBDs I heard it with a killbasa. Is that what it was? No, he don't like them Germans He gets a little porky when you talk about the German it's Polish Oh, that's it's a it's a Polish sausage you're right and believe me if anybody ought to have a Polock in his pants It's Tom Cruise and he's very good and now it's saying who's great and we need voter boy to look it up for me on to you Internet okay, look up What's his name Right now look up what's his name and see when he died Jason robots okay Well there's so many people in this movie. Philipsy more Hoffman is in there Philopaper Hall Melinda Dylan Jeremy Blackman Ricky J. William H. Macy Julian Moore Melora Waters I Waltz Handle which one she was but every character in here is is just amazing and it's it's all these like this connected the people and As the movie goes along you start putting all the pieces together. There is definitely a message in there And the best scene in the movie isn't the one with the frogs the best scene is the one where toy the end of the movie all of the characters It's like that Like the REM video where they're all all these disconnected people are seeing the song toward the end of the video. Remember standard smile or one of those yeah and All the people even though they were the broad who's OD cheese in the car All these movies you don't have that same thing with the lots of booze and drugs baby Lots of drugs and she's singing even though she's like passed out in a car She's singing and there are all the even Jason robots who's dying of brain cancer lying there and bed He's singing the song Oh and the message of the message of the song is it's all the ways the time so let's give up basically have a good part Jason robots died on the summer 26 2000 okay in this movie it was 1999 So I'm not too sure you had to do a lot of acting in this movie. You know he was great because he looked like It looked like they just hooked up a tube that was nose and there he was like he was dying right there on a movie set He was sensational I'm telling you magnolia if you don't watch that movie and if you don't say if you if we get any criticism at that movie We're gonna personally it's long it's three hours and eight minutes We'll come to your house and just beat your brains out with a baseball bat and then we'll have a whole bunch of frogs come back to me God, I know just what to find some yeah exactly In fact, I can go over to Montreal And bring a whole bunch of frogs back with me just out of spite. We got some stick of an engineering 10 14 at 5 60 WQAM how low can they go you might be wondering we're talking about interest rates of course An financial group does the limbo under the lowest refinance rate you've ever heard of 1.95% that is absolutely correct. It's true now you can refinance your homer by a new homer Get a super low 1.95% financing with financial group call today and find out all about it 1.894 Oland that's 1.894 OLE and deep if you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate Call financial group at this toll free number 1.894 Oland and talk about savings What's in your these payments you make if you ever stuff a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are only 360 at once bucks a month even being a work to afford that if you have eight if you ever got paid And if you ever have a 200 thousand dollar loan your payments are only 736 a month So call financial group toll free 1.894 Oland to get the low low rate you've been looking for and waiting for a 1.95% Don't forget interest rates are right now at all time low, so don't wait any more We'll call now and get you stuff 1.95% financing from financial group 1.894 Oland that's 1.894 OLE and deep for financial group There were equal housing lender credit restrictions apply rate subject to change monthly 5.19 APR My name is Barry I write bad songs about romance while I'm wearing spendest cast I'm trying to shrimp me my songs will be I had a series of big hits that was back in 76 now no one wants to hit they only now and They won't make all my albums for my songs We're got a nose shape like a banana By too fast both live in my channel Yeah, got a nose shape like a banana Oh, my nose you can't fit half of the city of Atlanta I Got a hug Besides of young girls When I get a stuff that knows I be interested in a host But now on the chest my life is back in place and so on seeing again and sticking My stars in your face got a nose shape like a banana By too fast both live in my channel Got a nose shape like a banana Oh, my nose you could fit half of the city of Atlanta I write this song I Go We're very man. He just can't get it straightened up better than singer songwriter Barry Mannell Originally what waking up to so he had in the middle of the night walk into the wall and broke his nose Oh, right Not even self unconscious the entertainer disclose yesterday The accident occurred at his home in the desert resort of Palm Springs, California Just after Mannell had returned from a two week stay in the seaside town of Malibu where he was producing upcoming album for his old boss bed midler Roused from a sound sleep thinking was still in Malibu Mannell got up and veered to the left instead of the right and Slam right of the wall He said the statement released by his management company stiletto entertainment. He passed out for four hours And no he wasn't seriously hurt the 56 year old performer said the miss hat left is nose quite swollen. How could you tell? His sense of humor remained intact however. I may have to have my nose fixed and with this nose It's gonna require major surgery. He said very amusing Referring to his famously prominent Pobasca. He's got a big Pobasca and his nose is big to his nose Here's a facts from Kelly who's pissed off and bet out of shape Kelly says the Yahoo's scum Who helped to cover Eric Rudolph's tracks had been thrown in jail along with him for eating and abetting a fugitive I know exactly what was going through their minds. He was just killing fags and abortion doctors and they're all going to hell anyway It's sick and an honest call to be FBI giving Rudolph's location could have easily been made Everyone in that town who kept their mouth shut is subhuman garbage Too bad for pretty boy Eric doesn't like fags and now he's gonna spend the rest of his life in prison Don't drop the soap sweetheart. Yo yo yo. Let's rape Rudolph is what it's a let's rape Eric So it's got a bit of ring to it Says Kelly Who's pissed off and fired up about it Okay, how's that thing looking so far a little mini pull before we get to our last ever movie pull least for the time being Which of these three would you rather hear about movies golf or the marlins guess who's in last place George G Could be the marlins could it? Surprise golf is beating in 41 quick votes movies 26 63 and a half percent Golf eight and the marlins seven And you know it's amazing to me at a radio station where they're constantly bashing and rightfully so first it was Wayne Hypinga and then it was little John Henry and now it's a David Samson and Delilah and Jeffrey Luria and rightfully so But it's always oh they're great Who the hell are you people kid in last time I checked this didn't last place five games under five hundred they stink to join out Let me say again last place the division But they want a game with about 400 runs last night. So right away. It's the marlin. Let's go see I mean it's just I don't I'm just amazed I'm astonished at how selfish these people are And even even the panthers who you know can't draw flies to a Schmidt pile even on their average day When I got there like eight or nine ten thousand people reading the stands and I know what they put in the paper in a box score They out draw them every day every game There are more people that a panther game and a town that wouldn't know a hockey puck from a goddamn steel bagel Then there are for the average marlin game and not even a contest Because like I said we haven't got to July and August yet when there's like two three thousand stiff sitting around and they're bacon There brings up Bacon when they are oh bacon. I already hit my bacon for today. Oh When I got some real bacon yesterday some salt-free bacon. I low-loat salt reduced bacon. Not salt-free and Haven't made that yet. Let some real stuff is supposed to that to microwave stuff You can make it microwave. It's got all the instructions just go out and get about 400 rolls of paper towels That's my suggestion. Hey, and I will also say this if you're gonna eat bacon Don't be in like a fattening stuff along with it because you'll balloon up like a blimp You're following what I'm saying Don't beat like a you know a leader of ice cream or something like that along with it Don't put your bacon in the ice cream right always something to think about bacon flavored I'm thinking like bacon cheese flavored bacon sounds good to me Cheese flavored bacon anyway stop at a food crap, okay 62 votes. This is just a quick mini poll today just a proof of point Which in these three topics would you rather hear us talk about movie 36 golf 15 Marlins 11 Yeah, that's a sure wave message which means nobody gives a fine crap about the Marlins Okay, nobody cares. They got free whey knees if they got free bubble head dolls Then 25,000 extra people sure up where is the free crack? Yeah, that's it. That's how Florida for you I have never this just goes on and on and on and on it's astonishing to be the attempt to force feed people Something that they don't want. It would be like us talking about movies again today Didn't they make it pretty clear in their pool yesterday in our pool? Yeah, they're furious man They can't stand it. It's effin pondress. I'm telling you. Watch magnoia. Believe me By this afternoon. I am begging you To go get it. You're gonna buy it? Yeah, then I'll lend it out. Oh, what a movie three hours and eight minutes and it's just a Stonishing and if you're likely of course in wrecking for a dream we like to think with the TV guy Would the you know here's we got another winner. There's like Two I'm thinking is a two or three Tom Cruise plays the TV these sexist TV guy. It's ripping a hell out of women And talk it about you know all the guys with her big penis and you got him and then you got the TV Gensho host guy who's dying of cancer Of lung cancer. They're all they're all dying of cancer and You got him and then the punky little kid on her who's the genius who a piece of his pants because they won't let him go in the take a upy break Magnoia if we don't get a call or two about Magnoia then I'm gonna be pretty pissed off and fired up And I'm amazed that during all these weeks and weeks this ponderous long time We've been hooking about movies has anybody actually really talked about this other than talking about the frogs No, no There's something wrong out there man. There's something really really wrong and All the awards that a one is as many Zillion awards that one and nobody ever talks about it That's why when we made this whole list in fact if you look on our website now We got the list of movies that all three of us George and Bonerboy and I recommend You know we got some of the old tried and chew godfather and kukus nest in that work on it, but also we're trying to like You know a lot of ones that are really great that nobody ever talks about To like our open up some new avenues for it. It gives something to do besides going out there and playing golf Let me tell you right now boys and girls on you people are didn't vote for golf on our pull so far this morning The thing with golf is guys who play a lot of golf There's a message they're trying to send They're bored I say they're bored to death take a take Look at mull for example Here's a guy that's approached in 70 years old That's got to get up a tree a clock at a morning and drive not just from bokeh But I find out from Joe's call last night from North Boca All the way down or Hershey highway drive 45 minutes to get to work Forward shmitless So what does he do he gets back home to bokeh takes himself a little bit of a nap he puts on his checkered pants snaps his vera closed veins a couple of times And goes out there on a course Huh I'm I'm tanya In between rapes. I think that's like probably his number one pastime Is golf You show me a guy to place a lot of golf like I said now show you a guy that has got too much spare time on his hand He just bored with life bored to tears Got it should find a girlfriend a boyfriend or maybe even both maybe a goat something Don't you think mo could find another old goat No 27 past 10 at five 60 WQM here's the places but around not as long as mo but 25 years in town And that's brand issues independent family shoe store that's been growing like topsy because the people love shopping They love taking their feet into the store because they offer you an unbeatable selection of the top brands rock ports Echoes Mufisto Timberland Clark's S.A.S. floor shim all the big shoe names You know and love and they got every size under the sun men's 6 to 15 women's five to 12 and which from a very very narrow to the very big wide fat ones and your feet too And they've got over 40,000 parachutes and stuck into gigantic 8,000 square foot mega store and Personal friendly service from people who know your feet inside and out Probably even recognize you by the way your feet smell brand issues the right 12 90 North federal highway in Paparoba, Chopin daily 99 Sundays 10 to five and right now it's a great time to shop for fathers day this weekend at brand issues Spirying men's A. O's that's A. O's are only 48 90 and rock port world tours only 69 90 Stop by granny shoes in Paparoba, especially for fathers day or anytime or visit Montero World Famous website at brandies shoes dot com Oh Take me out to the marlins Let me go get the crowd Yahoo zoos pickers and drum Kim slabs 30,000 who deals with certain size dogs they all Roof root like a bunch of pigs while we all root for our team Bell drink 9 1031 at five sixty wqm are quicky pull 117 votes which at ease would you read a herbot movie 69 See there it is again 69 golf 26 and the marlins 22 Even golf they'd rather herbot so who'd you like better on any Palmer or Jack McList Well he was the golden bear how about you're a player Who here's a fanceted says I can't imagine listening to discussing the marlins or baseball So by default movies can you imagine George and Bina Boy discussing golf over the summer while you're gone now that's Good radio also while you're moving Why That's gonna go to his handicapped was Life my height Also while your movie list your second gang did you see last night's AF 500 best heroes and villains of the movie special I was busy watching make no difference in hours, but I did see that it was on seemed like an awful lot It seemed an awful lot like some of your poles What Lastly, I like you to discuss the movies. Maybe the problem is there were too many discussions of movies over too many days in a row You know what top the top the tape is When you get on a roll on something there, it's called like having some continuity to something Now if these people had something else very important to talk about like look at a tremendous response on a phone already here You see that not as usual When I mentioned Magnolia especially on the heels of all these movie things we've been doing for weeks now I'm probably much too long but nevertheless when I mentioned that every line at a board should let up Don't you think that there's at least eight or nine people out there who've seen it? No Oh no seriously don't you think they're nine people who'd have an opinion say boy you're right It may be the best movie of all time or it's your is one of the best or it's or it's not whatever Yeah, but then they got a call Oh, that's right. I forgot we got nothing to give them stuff they're best wishes We got no marlins tickets We could 567 oh yeah, but nobody would take in the 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line it and it's true I've never seen a town where there is such a tremendously desperate attempt and especially on this station because of its sportscraft To force feed something that the public doesn't want you want some panther tickets. Oh no Just like my friend Phil Saltman we gave up we didn't give it up but we got his number there. Okay, so anybody wants those two Premocites right in front of my seats there for the they're gonna have to buy him of course The panther season tickets almost right at center-rise right at the blue line great seats We won't get any calls on that. I asked this morning you guys get any calls for Phil's number no Because nobody wants it nobody there's no interest nobody cares And especially after all the lies in the ridiculous prices in the bullcraft and the youngsters in the organization I mean a public even the dumbest of the dumb except for those very selfish people which they're bored to death and it's their thing So therefore let's build a mestadium and let's cater to them and to get all excited like they are about the a few or 4,000 people sitting there because they got nothing else to do except get rained on God it is so frustrating Here's a facts welcome to senior neo Rogers after each home runs so disappointed as some sort of god the neat cool Sign a hg and atheist. What what is that mean? I haven't no idea is pointed the god of cork Maybe he's from cork Ireland, huh? I don't I don't understand that maybe some county cork always is probably a little bit too dark to be from county cork But nevertheless I'm not gonna talk about sandy so soon is cork back what the hell difference is it make who gives a flying crap? Okay, and in the in the scheme of things in the world who cares about what their Sammy social was using the cork bad It was just an accident I believe it that one didn't belong in there 567.0560 pound five set a 60 on a magnolia line Look at that the marlins are still sucking wind on our pool nobody cares well that's your audience They're just a hostile and now it's the whole south Florida scene man. That's why nobody shows up see it cost nothing to call a talk show So anybody can call up like they do on our sports shows and say oh, it wasn't that quite a performance last night And then and at the mic low a bit Nobody cares nobody cares those aren't expensive tickets That's the cheapest ticket in town for any sporting event professional by far and still nobody shows up Here's West Palm Beach, hello yeah, I mean personally I love golf. I love talking golf and I love my New Jersey devil's where halfway that are you Halfway there you're blowing it man. No no no no no, what do you know what do you mean? No you had a two nothing leave And you lost two overtime games. You're what do you mean no? You guys and surround conspiracy up there now He's awesome to the big hero. Yeah, well, he don't pay for the devil's anymore place for anaheim last time I know he does yeah, no it's very and I'm let me tell you another thing I which nobody wants to talk about because it's too embarrassing is that fluke gold had bro durolet in and game number three Yeah, that was I hate to tell you sir, but that was the turning point in the series that was pathetic and he's laughing about it I dropped my stick that that was inexcusable by sandwich Ocelunch with an even a wee scored So then I'm going to put that I Well if any cake in the retire let's how much did you bet? Well, I was there the favor unfortunately I'm laying all kinds of money. I'm like I try to get it back Good luck your pal your losing he's losing let's go What are they ducks let's go and that's on sound again. Let's go ducks Well, I got all these guy damn expansion teams. I got to come up with some kind of anic the wild the vile the piles the uh It's very sag you know water down crap by the way games five isn't until tomorrow night Because it took him two days to get back to jersey by bus It we're gonna fly back but then they found they had a game and a guy named John mad and I'm one of the teams so they had to take that big John mad and bus all the way back to jersey We're gonna get a magnolia call what do you think? No probably not nobody saw it Let me say it again every line in the sports should be a lot of fantastic right now We should be getting a response from heaven and we're getting a response from hell very said all the he was pretty good Here's a call from my any hello Hey I got a couple uh a little quick point to make I've been through our station all these about three days. I just moved down here And I really worked there done in a Gopper joke and he's compulsive gamblers that just some of the stupid pieces of crap I've ever heard my life The now you're talking now you're talking oh Jesus I really think we're asking them ladies And you think shower places kind of break his leg before them the goddamn race This is sick Jesus Christ Jesus Christ I said Jesus Christ go ahead Oh yeah, that was funny. I'm I saw a couple of steaming donkey dirty yesterday on my TV and one of them was rogo top three the other was missing dates And I tell you I like John's a turtle and I think this is one of the worst decisions that fellow fish could have made in the career What's in heaven that movie is like seeing like a piece of thunder like a nice piece of food in a puddle of chunky velvet Hahaha It was great That might have been the best call we've ever had on this show right there Put on oh, please call us a way. I don't care I don't really I don't give a crap about that. Please call us again soon soon not today, but like tomorrow This show one That was great, and he did mention of Marlin's once oh, don't tell me. They're still in last place Hello, it's nip and tuck We're just doing this pull this hour and then we'll do our regular pull. Which is our last ever movie pull we promise until we change our mind Which in these three would you rather hear about movies 85 golf 27 the Marlins 25 Oh boy. They're really sucking the hind end on this show. I'll tell you I told you we get a lot of calls about Magnolia tonight Yeah, here's a call from Del Ray Beach, hello Hey, you know, I know sir great. I did see Magnolia. What's in my gun? I can't believe it Yes, but you didn't mention John C. Riley Great character actor who was in that movie. He was the cop that lost his gun. Oh, he was great. Yes Did you did you notice I don't want to give it away, but did you notice The scene in the gas station? I'm sure you did Where the I don't want to say how it appears, but where the gun magically reappears again You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I know what you're talking about. Yeah, just there's the gun again But he lost it just uh, flops right down there Well like I said, I mean, I wasn't a big fan of the movie, but I was of him. I think he's a great I work you were to big fan of the movie now not really You know a lot of jumping around I didn't like Tom Cruise's character in your right when he's sitting there doing the interview with the Black lady right and it was all you know just focusing on his crotch and stuff and and I just Yeah, I can't I go with our meantime cruises crotch. I could live without them. Yeah exactly So I said he definitely had a fried brought worst in there. Yeah. Oh absolutely See, but you didn't like it now No, oh, okay, you know You didn't you mentioned you didn't see a f i special I did watch it I thought it was good. I was a little surprised by the number one Hero Did you see who that was I saw it on the news blurb here before I forgot who the hell was Atticus bench I don't even know who the hell I was Gregory Prak into kill a mockingbird oh yeah, right. Oh, yeah, I would never remember the name of the care I would played Well, I was very surprised by that pick I thought they would have gone with somebody more sci-fi or updated but when I thought I'd go skywalkers something like that Well, you know, but I when I thought about it a little more and Him picking because he defended a black man in those times That's a suit pick you notice what I do that's a suit intellectual pick Yeah, I'd like citizen can same thing yeah, it was a decent show. I mean I didn't mind it Okay, I thought I didn't see Magnolia. Okay. Well, thanks for that. All right, he didn't like it Maybe I'm gonna be the only one who likes it then George or go out and get it today Well, I wasted $50 for that big special set there with suck Here's a facts from E who says not a movie guy at all haven't seen any of the ones you mentioned, but I still love you well Check out movie mistakes dot com great website also Paul Krugman yesterday could you read it in For the lesson form. I think I still haven't my pile here the Paul Krugman column was on our website We put it on there, right? Yeah, I know we did of course Because actually Perus Marine does got a good calm here today, but I'm not gonna read it because I don't want to get tripped up I already saw she's got one of French what is she got? Oh, bait in the wire Okay, she just he's great by just she always is trying to trip me up She never used to do that to let's dare be near columns on here Marine people leave that no sound good though sounds very impressive 10 42 I love people who try to like make themselves very self-important. You know what I mean? Hey, do you like to West Boca's a great place? It's not in Brower, but it's a close. It's in Palm Beach in Boca And of course the important people live in Boca. There's a Ferrell right? Inters Boca Brian enters the lights and in of course there's always well nothing's perfect Anyway, the lights is your super stir for the Atkins died or any of the low-carb sugar free diets that are going around these days You can eat lots of bacon on that by the way that the Atkins and right now they're introducing some great new stuff like they always are There are new almonds that cakes by control carb that come in blueberry banana or classic almond each serving is only one effect of Graham of carbs or sample the lights new chocolate raspberry muffin with only one gram of carbs and if you like something crunchy to chew on to keep you satisfied Try one of the three new flavors of low carb rackets chips. What a selection. They've got of low carb no carb or sugar free items Carbola ice cream breads rolls cheesecake chocolates Post-end delicious sauces and over 600 other low carb foods waiting for you in one great store That's dedicated you and your dietary needs the lights a West Boca and don't forget at the lights You can always try it before you buy it. They've got a knowledgeable staff that knows dieting inside outside backward forward upside down And they're open every day seven days a week 10 to 10 At Delight's you'll find the most complete line of egg in products in a world end of best part of the deal is there always 25% off the regular price all day every day even on socus the Atkins died rate Number one so head for the top the number one low carb sugar free store in the world The lights of West Boca on the northeast corner of glazed in 441 right next door to prestigious Boston market or column toll free at 1 877 low carb or find them on a web at low carb dot com don't forget there's only one Delight's a West Boca and it is Your official atkins retail center rest in peace Local Family business and now you want to go down a police cap one cuz he's lapsed in a facial little bit What do you think this is the army where you shoot them on my own way? You gotta get a close like this The thing you blow that brains all over your eyes. I believe so Because I'm a boy in my core I suppose my Well, and I salute you Give the game in a pan The night fight you should have the face ball back I truth You call that nella No One scripture, me and the Lord, sing you round your neighbor. One, will I God no prayer, then I God no principles, and I God no intelligence. Let's crack that mother in my mind. One, will I God no prayer, then I God no intelligence. One, will I God no intelligence. One, will I God no intelligence. One, will I God no intelligence. Oh, rock. Template is five sixty twenty-eight, where a host's three. He's kind of you, pick a lot of showers, because that was started making it. Hundred and seventy-seven votes on our pulmonary pole on our four-play pole. Which of these three topics would you rather use to talk about? Movies hundred and thirteen. Just about sixty-four percent. Marlins though what's his suspicious votes. You know what's that surge? I notice them. There was about ten in a row like a wheel, so they said, but that's okay. We'll take it. Marlins still have only thirty-six and golf twenty eight. 20% of them are all in 16% for gold pretty lame and that's even with a much of phony votes under you're not fooling us So I got the Paul Cragman article out here standard operating procedure. Don't let me forget to read it later on. Okay. Hey don't forget Okay, because we are pressed for time today. It's Wednesday, which means we got the big one to two hour the alchamity bits one to two hour To which I say all right, what a good I'm hearing all kinds of good news such as For all's matter president resigned Well not that good. Oh, I'm getting my bonus tomorrow Well, we don't care about the honor. You don't care for else mad at me Feral is mad at mole. Oh, now I start to get this to me vice versa for what I understand really We've already got a let's see for all started officially on Thursday But he didn't get on a year so that doesn't count. That's a renaut so Friday Monday Tuesday This is only his fourth show We're not talking about the fillings. We're talking about his show the for real show There's only the fourth show and already he and more ready to this drove Oh, and what's the nature of it? Apparently for all mentioned the name of the actual community in Boka where mole lives and Salam to some Haitians how we're called up inside don't you a time? Don't just say that on the air again And you forgot yeah Oh, I'm not wishing Mo happy birthday. Oh, I'll dance huh not Mo Oh, it's been your boys birthday. See Well nobody told me about Happy birthday, Boner boy. Thank you. And maybe we'll have a bonus for you when I get back to town Oh, my phones ring that means that packages downstairs. You know something oh hey, I'll play whatever you want That's to go Okay, not right now I'll have plenty of time, but I'll find that will play something long. I was gonna take a little longer than that take me But about five minutes to race down there get my pancakes. I will cover alright And not just for the disc and then I can play right off of my disc. I'd one bit we got a great new a moment So so Mo actually called him up off the ear and said Don't see ever tell anybody when a complex I live on the air. But baba you miserable Grably voice son of a bitch. Yeah, he's got a complex about his complex. Oh my god. That is sensational I'll take your children Well, we're we're Haitians. Where's the one with the air piece? Oh Which one is that I got the feds looking for me what numbers that I Pugger Target stolen. I'm gonna kick these ass and then I'll steal his two pay. Oh, okay So for else already kicking Mo's ass. Oh, right. There is some heavy duty good stuff going on. Yeah, so who cares of these people didn't like Magnolia I had one call on it so far and I got in like it I I I'll be so shocked if you don't agree with me. I'm not the senior you'll agree. It's the best movie ever But that it's certainly one of the all-time greats That was the interesting on that that like blockbuster would have cut out considering I still have my father Well, since every other word in a movie is an F bomb I would say they leave that go as a matter of fact toward the end of the movie. Well, there's no no no Did he? No toward the end of the movie when Tom Cruise finally gets reunited gets hooked up with his dying father who ran it left the him and his mother Did I don't like give away story? But he's huh? Don't tell me I'll go right. No, no, no, but anyway Tom Cruise has hunched over the bed And Jason Robards is lying there with the two windows knows and he's already had the morphines who he's like totally out of it Like you know and Tom Cruise is saying Don't die you esping asshole He keeps pounding the bed don't die you esping asshole. It's it's great And that's some of the clean-alanguage in the home movie. Now, there's a lot of language in there But plot-pust you don't care about that? No, no then by all means go and get it. Okay, great. Let's try it away I don't care what that other guy said. He's in town. What was the opinion he was a good guy? But I'm I'm amazed Maybe I'm amazed 193 votes are many on our four-play pool. Which of these three would you rather right here as talk about movies? 125 almost 65 percent Marlins 39 some of which are really dubious votes involved 29 Let's talk some golf baby. What do you say? What about that? Anika? Sure, what ever name is huh? What about that? Dike that's a treat-funky leg on what and what was wrong with when Ben right a few years ago on CBS got canned because he talked about the dice or whatever way? He said it huh? What's wrong with that? He was just being honest right? I mean, so what if there are a bunch of dice out there or better athletes and some of the guys? Hello Tom Cruise's character would be upset about that last night in the magnolia movie. You'll like your love his character Believe me. Here's Miami. Hello There you go. Yes, sir. You're past Paul. Once you stick to it you sag it 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless on my past pole What does that mean? I added oh well why don't you stick to it? Here's the call from Lottagil hello Yes, sir. Oh, no listen. I wanted to That's one of the mom that people Director Paul Thomas Anderson's father was a Cleveland legend on television. He did a character called Goulardy Yeah, one of the no-view knew who he was he's like the horror films No, he did not okay. He also became the voice of ABC the thing is earning Anderson Yeah, I didn't know if you knew who he was or not now at any rate. I just saw Magnolia over the weekend I thought it's a great movie I can't say I really 100% understood it I guess it's separate stories that have the same theme Well, yeah, it was it was nine separate stories, but I mean they all tied together And he end and the theme was all pretty much the same. I mean it was depressing from that standpoint and the the futility of a life And the fact that there were a lot of bizarre, you know in fact in the beginning you'll notice where they showed these strange things that have happened throughout history They show three separate incidents and then the narrator comes back on again Near the end of the movie and says the same thing it over strange mid-happens, you know, it is basically what it's all about Yeah, yeah, I really see when you're when you're start getting too analytical and trying to figure out And it like the ending which we don't want to give it away But the ending just leaves you after you've been watching for three hours and eight minutes and it's suddenly it ends very suddenly You say what what just happened there? You know, and then that's it and they're coming to credits Yeah, yeah, now also I have to tell you I thought that boogie noise was a tremendous film Yes, what this kid he did all the writing and he's really he's like in the when he's just putting nice I think he was 25 years old Right, so he was maybe in his late 20s when he did Magnolia. This is PT Anderson That's right, Paul Thomas Anderson right, yeah, I thought he can fuse with Philipsy more often Right, so the other guy still up Baker Hall right, yeah, but Also a time cruise was tremendous Yes, he was he want he won an Oscar for it or he won something what he win? He won I got it right here But the kid this Paul Thomas Anderson he wrote all that dialogue and it was tremendous really Well, I'm gonna find somebody else who enjoyed it. Thanks guys Okay, and Do you love the part of the movie tour the end where they're all singing the same song? It was great. I got it was that one of your songs. I think that she was up for an academy or that was really something Yeah, I was going to write about over the week and I even saw the supplemental material He won the Berlin film stuff the whole world. I haven't watched that yet because that's a whole separate dish Right, but I watched that also So anyway, thanks, Bill Thank you. Okay, there's one there's one He agreed he liked it. He's understated. I don't care what the understander not okay I guarantee there are many things in that other flick we're talking about odd nausea We don't understand and certainly in momentum. I don't care how many times you watch it You're still not gonna understand unless you write yourself a lot of notes. Don't believe his lies Head for the tattoo parlor. Maybe Teddy is hanging out there There was something about Teddy's character. He was good. He was a really excellent Joe Pantoliano is always good He's a very underrated character actor. He was excellent Anyway, we don't want to talk too much movies on the hours to come we're gonna be talking a lot about Baseball and Call see I'll say it again. I don't understand for the life of me the one time you would think if this radio station It any brains at all and I really don't hear that much of it, but it would seem to me They'd be they'd be leaning on this Brian greasy thing because if the dolphins do get that deal done today Beener boy was tell me we had calls off the areas that they did they get the deal done as he had often You know if they get the deal done today or whenever in the near future That's gonna be the big topic of conversation all over South Florida Even Georgia's there concerned about that Hmm, but is is Brian is ugly and the boring his is daddy was the answer is yes, of course He won't have the talent at least now. Yeah, Brian the beast I guarantee a one thing that if Brian greasy winds up other dolphins he'll be Jay Feele around Maybe not before the season but during the season after Jay has one of those 15 in their 17 games You know that Brian greasy will be the starter on a team that's just my opinion I don't want to get sports intensive on a show. We try to give you a break from that But that's my opinion or whatever is monthly entries Right, well, and the see now you're picking that you'd be like Georgia being anti semantic again Sorry, or maybe maybe the dolphins have a game scheduled on a tissue bob or something like that He don't want to play 10 58 don't get started with that stuff now. He'll get really up tight Oh, I love Jay Feele. Well, he's a good guy Hey Tom layman's a good guy and so is his general sales manager Joe Prieto and Halle Pondy Act GMC and they love this show They love everything about it. They love this radio station Not too crazy about them. Oh, they like the old morning show a lot better Anyway, I'm not sure how they feel about for radio. We'll find out And Halle right now check out South Florida's biggest selection of 2003 GMC on voice on voice Excel's U-Cons U-Con Excel's and in alleys. That's right. Nobody's got a bigger selection than Halle Halle also has a great selection of pre-owned car structures UVs and if credits a problem for you If you're credit is marginal at best and other cardegors kind of sneer at you when you walk on a lot Have no fear because Halle is here. They're not concerned about that. They'll get you deal somehow So for the biggest selection on GMC SUVs, Nealdeals and lots more including Getting treated like a human being you do your car shopping at Halle Pondy Act GMC 134.1 South to Xie Highway that's US1 right across from the prestigious Falls open every day seven days a week. If you want more info on any of these special deals Going on right now called the Nealdeal Hotline tool free and one triple eight five three four Forty two eleven that's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven and don't forget be sure Imagine you heard about the Nealdeals and save even more at Halle Pondy Act GMC Who'd be professional grade and don't forget when I come back you're gonna be playing something Okay, you're at it. No, because I want to run downstairs and get my package is somebody I know what's saying Me Caca, it's an asshole celebration and they're all on the street. See them on the sidewalk, oh hear them shuffle the feet. There's 20,000 assholes doing asshole from the made. Step aside, good people, there's the assholes on the road. We got the assholes for freedom, the assholes for men. Assholes for Jesus, the assholes for guns. Assholes for justice, the assholes for crime. Assholes for asshole, the assholes for all time. We got assholes making money, but making all the rules. Taking all our jobs, we're doing a five-square. Assholes on the water, assholes for the sky. Assholes for the side of the set, they'll want it. Assholes for the side, they'll want it. O teach you won't you tell me that I really made the race. Am I held my breath or am I just another asshole on the road? I see it. I went my pants. I saw it getting orders, but asshole broke a boat. Assholes get elected, the assholes get divorced. I once put it said, that all that's all never died. They just made it, they're gonna be multiplied. Assholes in water, assholes every day. Assholes for the day, assholes for the crime. That's 40,000 assholes, they're gonna sold them. It's the picture of Mo. He just dropped it up and opened Mike. How about you pardon? Vodka Brian, he came in with the mic open in the middle of the segment. Just popped that right in front of me. That's why I was cracking up during your spot yesterday. What do you like about it? I'm making a picture of Mo Howard. I'm gonna turn it out yes. Let me try to organize this stuff because I got two packages. Let's see, this is 24. You have that? 24. H-C-N. There you go, how do you like that? I got some good new stuff there. We got a good new Boka Brian disc, which I guess that's also in the package. I didn't even bother looking for that. I was looking for a new one. I was looking for a new one. I was looking for a new one. I was looking for a new one. I was looking for a new one. I was looking for a new one. I was looking for a new one. I was looking for a new one. I was looking for a new one. I was looking for a new one. I was looking for a new one. I was looking for a new one. I was looking for a new one. I was looking for a new one. He's got the lamp shade on the head. He's got that. He also, I just noticed this is the same picture of his face when we have on our website. Right. Sends the hair, sends the hair piece, and also sends the teeth. He's out all fours, just anticipating. Some attack from behind. The gang rape is fun. It's wrong. I'm saving. I thought the other picture was great, but that was small potatoes compared to this. This is the best. This is the best all time. Now when did we get this on our website? How do we mill it to me? It'll be on. It'll be on. We'll get 50 million hits just to see that picture. That's worth the price of emission. Okay, so the deal is that for Rell has already had a bigger one in with mo. It only took like four shows. And they hate each other like poison, which we say. Oh, right. Joe Castell, if you're awake, which I doubt he's probably still asleep, but if somebody passed the message to Joe, you'll probably have your five to six hour back pretty soon. I just have that thing. I could be wrong. Okay, let's get into the real poll. Now let's get this other hazard right off of here. We asked in our preliminary poll, which of these would you rather hear about? Moves, 167%, two thirds. Marlins 43, golf 36. Oh, out of almost two hundred and three nine votes. Okay, now here is our last movie poll ever. For now, right, right. One last one. Because the on-est told us yesterday they're getting tired of this. Too much shame is too much of the same crap too many days in Rell. They can't stand a hate. It's fondress. Which of these movies did you like the most? Now this isn't one of those where we're doing the God. We already done those a million times. This has to do with the movies that we've been recommending. These last few weeks that we've been moving intensive. And we've been working on the first two days. We've been recommending these last few weeks that we've been moving intensive. And we've discovered some that I think are really, really extraordinary. And that we would like you to see. We'd like to encourage you to have the balls to go and see something new and different. Right, we am for a dream. Happiness. And we were talking about dogs just the other day. Plenary Glen Ross, Memento, Magnolia, Shadow Grave, Geneca, The Game, The Game. And they say any of them or they all sucked. I don't think we'll get too many of them. They all sucked at least not real ones because how many people saw all of these. Especially shallow grave. No, that's not real ones, like you said. No, the tell-of-o for that just to be negative. Well, we know that. I am a piece of suck. Well, for example, here's a facts. I'm just am amazed because you know me, I'm not that easy to please. I'm pretty picky. I don't just watch every movie, So I was the best damn thing ever saw in my life. And I was even better. And I'm not like that. But, you know, when you see something that's really great and has an impact. And during the course of I'm thinking, Oh my god, this is unbelievable. Just like during the course of that, I'm thinking, holy crap, this is beyond a company of I missed this. This facts his magnolia isn't above average movie, but it's a way way too long. Too much cruise, I just don't think he can act at all. Well, I'm not a Tom Cruise fan to say the best. And I thought he was excellent in this. In fact, he was up for all kinds of awards. Recreem for dream on the other hand is amazing. More than it is simply refreshing, especially today's movie market. One of the reason movies are so bad nowadays is that the studios around a tight schedule So scripts are just pumped out as fast as possible. And here's more recommended movies. True romance, Swingers, and favorite Chinatown. Our Saw Chinatown, but I was a long time ago. Swingers is a good movie. What is Swingers? Yeah. That's a decent movie. That's a movie for George. Yeah, that's his bag. As I'm going to do with what you think. All the guys here are the facts around Kendall Teddy. I finally saw Requiem. I purposely spell like that. Requiem, it sucks. Yeah, don't believe his lies. It says that rather or less an emotional any day rather than have to put up with that boring or for way to piece of crap. Oh, can you tune up that scooter that comes on before your show? What does that mean? For real. Oh, tune up, I see. I want to start the scooter. I thought he was talking about Thorazuto. Fine, never saw a Razuto into the ferral together. Yeah. Then he's got some Sammy Sothik. Well, Teddy, get yourself some helpful. Okay, I'm not interested in Sammy Sothik and his pork battery. Other than thing, okay. I like Sammy. Sammy's okay with me. Only too much at the, it'll hit him. Mark and Guire had that, the battle going there that year. Too much of that phony balloony with a heart and a hold on and I'll let other crap. You know, high-fiving and low-fiving and the one finger. I think he's only going to be holding up the one finger for the immediate future. What is this? Neo Rogers, Michael Powell is shirking his duty by not enforcing FCC rules. The Democrats must take back the media otherwise we lose. Oh, what do you stop? This is Gerald in the somewhere. The great majority of people on here won't be able to point out Michael Powell. Yes, cut that crap. Like I'm going to do something about, okay. The only good piece of news is, a stir bring a bit to one of our bedtime stories on our website today. From the AP, new media ownership rules face challenges. Out of the Washington Post. Newly relaxed rules governing ownership of newspapers and TV and radio stations face a gauntlet of challenges in the courts in Congress. Although it says he's a gauntlet. The East Restrictions approved by the Republican controlled FCC a lot of companies to untill the end of the state's reaching nearly half the nation's viewers and newspapers and TV and radio stations in the same city. Uh, well, where is the, uh, the channel? Where where the hell is it? Critics are already campaigning to roll back to changes. As more and more Americans fight out about the FCC's order and rules changes, they're going to push for Congress to overturn them and said, Gene Kimlman, public policy director for consumers union, which publishes consumers reports magazine. You go boy. You go, Gene. Several lawmakers in the port legislation already decounted the change rules, especially the one that permits a single company to untill the stations that reach 45% of US households up from 35%. So they're working on it, but don't like, uh, expect I'm going to do something about it. What is active as starting in Swayga? That we have to like, pound them over the head even to get them to call, right? Right. 13 passed 11 at 560 WQA and just one quick call to dial on my person. You won't believe how easy it is to pick out the perfect bed for you and your back. The expert bed and consultants to dial on my prescage through the whole process. These people really know their craft. They know their craft inside and out. To go to a show where I'm sure you've had this experience and they start steering your tour to a house brand or maybe some discontinued set that they're trying to get rid of or a mismatch or some other odd thingly and around. Down on afters doesn't believe in playing games with it. They only the top top quality in the world. They got silly, sorta. Simmons, temper peated mattresses, no sales gimmicks, no fall sad, advertising no falls promises, no BS and it got all the high in beds too like Seely's crown jewel line. And the top models from every brand under the sun all at low everyday prices. And that's why they never want to customize satisfaction because they don't play games with it. They give you unbeatable everyday low prices as far as deliveries concerned they're unbeatable. They show up on time whenever you want any tour window that fits your schedule and they give you a free set up and free removal too. You can't be doing with the stick. So if your old mattress is lumpy and bumpy and worn out do what I always do call that a mattress just at one simple call and you'll be doing yourself and you're back a humongous favorite. 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MAT-RES or check them out on the web if you like it. Macros.com Then sex. There. I know how much benefits would my career with a life. Just get out and walk. Just walk away in here. Hey, you want something to eat? What are you got? Nothing. But I can pull something out of my ass. Sam, or I got it going. I'm starting to know business. Very no kidding. Yeah, I'm going to be a hooker. I'm proud of my mumbo. Thanks, Macros. Oh yeah. You sure you don't want something? I don't want anything. Oh, I can tell you. Hey, what are you doing? You're out of your seat clock. Oh, no. What are you talking about? You just took a face to a point of fail. Get the description, you moron! No! I got him from my deductor. What the fuck? Doctor, what the fuck? What's that to you? I don't look my parents, we're being a stew. My darkest place in the mess. And my underwear's fun like hot polo, he did out of here, my favorite show is on. We got a loser. We got a loser. I got a loser. I got a loser. Move going in this front-west-dead. It's pro-co-co-co-fine. Yeah. Oh, me. I'd just like to see. That's a lovely dress you got on there, y'all. Oh, no. Thank you. I'm here. What's your free mama? I feel like running public street. Hey, get! I'm a naked man. You want to be a cow? Oh, man. Oh, look! You want to be a naked man? Hey, turn your head off. I don't break my highly desirable ass. I'm a naked man. You want to be a naked man. You want to be a naked man. Can I ever break my ears with you? Hey, hey, you naked man. I'm a naked man. Take a look at this ear. Get him from the front-west-dead. Hey, got him. Hey, got him. Oh, I was on radio in the hot. I was on radio. Just suck on this tool that you won't see a lesson. I was on radio. I was on radio. I was on radio. I was on radio. I was on radio. I was on radio. I was on radio. Oh, hello. Oh, hello. Good. Good night. I decided to stop by. See how you were doing. That guy died. Oh, this is terrible. Oh, no. Oh, no. No, no. No, no. Ha ha ha. I bet you Sarah Goldfarb has got a better hairdo than Molo. At this stage. Well, how do we know? That's story about Molo and for real. That should be the tip of all the doubting promises that we have in the audience who think that either I'm making a stuff up or that I'm just a hard ass son of a bitch and can't get along with anybody. That should be all you need to know. In fact, a quote, Joe Costello from that phone call we had last night. I don't want to get him in hot water or even look warm. But he'd have a rather amusing line. He said we're talking about Molo. He said he isn't well liked. And I said, no. Joe being the master of understanding that he is. Well, he wasn't talking about inside the building. He means like even outside the building. I see. He means like all over the place. I get this to go. He lives places. They haven't even heard of me. They don't like it. Okay. The new pull is up. We got 18 quick votes on here. Let's get with it. Okay. And you're right. The negative people. I mean, people that probably haven't seen any of these. They're just just to be smart ass. They all sucked. You know, it's got six. Didn't see any of nine. Requiem for Dream 5. Glengary Glendrous 2. Memento 1. Magnolia 1. Gadico 1. The game 1. Schallegrae that happened is none out of the first 26 quick votes. I'm amazed. And I think you'll look maybe you'll disagree. Maybe you'll be with these other people. Because we've had a couple of calls on Magnolia. And that's it. Including one guy who didn't like it. Right. And a thanks from a guy that says it was pretty good. But Tom Cruise was sucked. This has got to be Tom Cruise. My one say his best ever. He was good in the 4th of July. He was also great in Rayman. So let's see. I'll be fair. Even though we hate him like poison. And we think that he's one of those. Short. One of my people. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's Miramar. Hello. Hey. Good. Good for you. Look at this. Look at this response. Like I said. Just the astonishing to me. We got two freaking calls on a board. Here's a lady in four Lauderdale. Hello. This man. I wanted to chime in on Magnolia. It's one of my favorites. I saw it. Well, thank God for you. It's fantastic. And I've seen it multiple times because I happen to be on satellite. And I could see snippets of it. Right. Not all that did I understand. I actually remember going to a website. And there's a lot of un-diblically challenged. But there's a lot of biblical references throughout the movie. For instance, there's a-so long ago. There's a portion where there's a game show going on. And if you, when the camera pans from the audience, people have billboards that have passages from the Bible or reference. Why didn't you even notice that? I didn't need them until I saw the websites saw it again. Yeah. But I found that when I told people how great I thought it was. And they went to see if they didn't have the same response. And maybe I was hyping it too much. Maybe they're just stupid. Good. I'm not seriously because it's a very cerebral movie. And if you don't have an IQ larger than your thumb, you don't get it. Right. It's great. Well, thanks for you. Thanks. Have a great day. See, there you go. There's a two of us. God, I'm, you know me. I always say that line and I stop and think I would know why. Why should I be amazed at anything it goes on in this show? Well, in case you forgot, a lot of people called to recommend it while we had been doing this. Well, we're the hell are they now? Where the hell are they now? When we need them. For example, here's another fact. Absolutely correct. Requiem is one of the best movies ever made. Two other movies you should look into. Donnie, Darko and Dark City. Dark City's new. Can I finish the facts? Please before you get all whipped up. Dark City's the original matrix, but done so much better. Donnie, Darko is just as good if not better than Requiem and the facts. Dark City was a good idea and it could have been a good movie, but it wasn't. Looked. I thought it was fine. It was not. That's not great. Great. I bet I know who it's about. He died. Yeah, and I want to see Donnie, Darko. Is that like Donnie Brasco? It's got a big killer. He's got a black, a dark skin, the Donnie Brasco, Donnie Darko? No. Oh. It's got a wadded. In other words, he doesn't put on black face. You do it all over again. Johnny? Johnny, dip, not Johnny, Darko. Here's somebody since we're listed these, at least some of many way. Think of it. Maybe you didn't send me all the pages. I like that. Good. Just a top 20, this A-A-F-I. The American Film Institute, the one a piece. Revealed the top 50 heroes in top 50 villains of all time and there were 100 years hundred here that was on the last night, hosted by Arnold Schwarzenegger. Who were in both a hero and villain honor for his portrayal of the Terminator. Oh. See, the Atticus Finsting. I'm sorry. I do like the part in the movie where Dustin Hoffman is way but a hanky go. I mean, Al Pacino going. Atticus. Atticus. I like that. That's cute. And Boo rapidly came out again. You notice there's another pair. All right. Just like Morgan Freeman and Denza Washington. To me, Dustin Hoffman and El Pacino were almost interchangeable. I know that sounds, I know what sounds silly but I'm just telling you in my mind. They got that nose. Maybe that's it. I don't know what it is but they're almost interchangeable. Anyway, Atticus Finstia, top hero, followed by Indiana Jones, James Bond, Rick Blaine from Casablanca, Wilcane and High Noon. Clarice Sterling, cutty's doctor, doctor, doctor, and sounds lame. Hannibal Lecter was the number one villain. Back to a hero's eight was Ellen Ripley, nine George Bailey from its wonderful life. Ah, the corn is so high. It's up to my ears. Give me a couple of ears that I corn. T.E. Lawrence, Lawrence of Arabia 10. Jefferson's, this is corn, man. This is crap. This is crap. Oh, Jesus. And the top villain, who votes on this? The AFI. Also in the court. Yeah, I'll send you the doctor. I don't send it to me. We go through this over here. I don't want to know. Villains Hannibal Lecter Norman Bates Darth Vader. Wicked Witch of the West and White. What could witch of the West is that it's a silly movie. It's a kids movie. Wizard of Oz. Nurse Ratchet. Well, she, again, she wasn't a villain in that sense. I mean, she was an nasty bitch who's an antagonist. But not a villain in the sense. This is stupid. Is what it is. Yeah, Mr. Potter from its wonderful life. You see a theme going here? Uh-huh. Alex forced in fatal attraction. Phyllis Dicturson, double in Demby. Reagan McNeil in the exercises. She wasn't a villain. Reagan was a villain. She was the victim. The demon was the villain. You asshole. Jesus Christ. But that is as piss me off. The queen in Snow White in the Seven Dwarfs. Ah, I want to make the Corleona's the villain. Michael Corleoni. Do you want to post that on the website? No. Absolutely not. But want to compost it on the website. Oh, Michael Corleoni. I know. You throw me out of the house. You throw me out. Alex, the large clockwork, or any? He also wasn't the villain. Right? Right. He was the anti-hero. Yeah. Right. But I mean, he wasn't a villain. No. I mean, villain we think of like a Hannibal Lecter, which is number one or Dracula or Frankenstein or the Master of Villain and the Rue Ruten for it. No, villain is like the evil door. The evil door is a W would say. In fact, W should be on it. Mr. Deltoid was the villain. How mine thousand from 2001's Space Odyssey. He had like his dialogue. The alien. Aemon Goath from Shindler's List. Unless you get to. I don't get it. No, across from Chinatown. I don't want to read these. This is the press. I'm putting this on a bottom of my pile. I'm going to use it to wipe my ass with later on. I'm going to take a big healthy wild diarrhea and wipe my ass with that later on. Because that's all it's good for. It's crap. Glad I missed it. I also heard that the audience. So remember that one facts we got about how the three of us know nothing about movies. Right. I got news for. I admit that we aren't experts and we're aware of discovering and uncovering new stuff all the time, which is what part of the fun for us of this whole thing, even though the audience hates it. But we're geniuses compared to these AFI, these pseudo-intellectuals. And those brits that wrote that book you have. Oh, that time outbook. But it does make for a nice door stop. 28 past 11 at 5. 60 WQM. If you're bald, fast train can't help you out. If your thing is limp, they can't do anything for you. Except they give you the best wishes. But if you're in a dead end job, now we're talking there a language because fast train can have you fully trained already for a new high-paying computer career in just four short months. I want you to say two words right now. Computer chips. Computer chips. One word. That's two words. Well, computer chips. Just say it fast. Call fast train. And 1-86 is fast train because their locations all over town are, to God, about to be one close to you. You're in Miami, Kendall, Florida, and in Pembroke, here's the way to get out of that den in no count job where you're making no bucks. And get yourself a real career and start making a big fat paycheck so you can have a real life. Call fast train today at 1-86 fast train. The off-road job placement assistance financial aid can be in your day evening weekend classes. So you have no more excuses to stay in a really crappy dead end job, waste in and finding your life away. Why do you could be just one phone call and four months away from a real career? Jump on that fast train today and I'll explain it to you to do obligation that will hit exactly what they can do for you. Call 1-86 fast train or if you like before you call check them out on the web at fasttrained.com. My life in local. We're sports radio 560's you and you AEM. From the respective network it brought you inside the actors studio comes a new reality show where one eligible bachelor is looking for law among 15 hopefuls in search of a soul mate. Except this time there's a catch there all men and here's another catch not all of them are gay. Bravo presents boy meets boy. I think I don't know when that gay ain't gonna know you got a fake. What you do you walk funny? Yeah you walk a little weird you know you put a little bit of a high voice how you doing. All alone and how you doing Joey Joe I go by it's okay. I don't really it's mealt to you. I hope you enjoyed I said to you first I just go out on the first day with me. Yes yes yes yes. You want to go fishing or something? Yes that would be so romantic. I uh Leonard you look good in empants. Oh thank you you're so sweet. Yeah yeah it all mentioned and that's a nice mouth you're wearing Lenny. What's taking for your lunch, Billy? So what you guys doing now? We're gonna go fishing it's gonna be so wrong. Man they're Joey Joe. Yeah Joe. By the way Lenny you your ass looks good. Oh thank you so much. It's so sweet. Let me just go get my rod and reel. No no no you doesn't do that. Why me? I know what your rod is. To my truck. Yeah but I know what your rod is. I'm not liking when this is gold. See talking about. I don't like when this is going. From by the way Lenny. Yes. Your eyes is pretty. Oh Billy you're a sweetheart. I just want to see you all. And Leonard. Yeah yeah yeah Joey. You look like you got a nice picture. Thank you so much. You're so so nice. I was so fishing. Let me go get my rod and reel. I know what your rod is. Yeah I'm not here and what you're saying to me but. How's it about a quick kiss? Oh maybe bills your guy for that. Billy? Mills. Look at the tongue on him. Billy quick kiss. Oh look. I'm as gay as the next guy. It's all I'm not saying. Yeah I'm a fruit wolf. I know that guy's going to line in. Let him tell him. I know kissing. I know. You two Joey. Well I just got a cheek maybe. That's not for any romantic. Why you're in the tongue now? Put your tongue away. Come on you. No no. Put your tongue away. Put your tongue away. Come on you. Boy needs boy. Ungraf all. Why is this the moon at five sixty. Don't forget if the ones did it means. They're big one to two hour comedy bits today. Thank God for that. And we'll have a lot of a new stuff to play. That was a good move I made by getting down the elevator. Yeah. Well it's important back up was probably even a better one. And thank goodness nobody else was on the elevator. Come back up because I open up that package and let out just a hysterical shriek. I mean I look at that picture and just his hysterical. Here's a lady in plantation. Hello. Yes man. I love to make no way. Well good. Maybe it's a ladies movie. I'll allow you to do so. I do. I do. Do you know why? Uh, Mauro and Trive. Momento. Requiem for dreams. Yeah. They're all forced to our movies. They have no gore and violence. They have no shoot them out. I think men. I think it is a little too cerebral for your audience. No. Momento was not a ladies movie at all. No way. I don't think men like to think when they go to the movies. I don't know what it is. I thought Momento yes. I think I think yeah. I mentioned it like that one. Now I haven't seen broken eyes. Yeah. But I loved it. Like every movie you've mentioned. The reaction is great. The only movie I didn't see that I saw because if you recommending it, which is why I like the movie shows is happiness, which I love. And there was also a jargon. Magnolia that. Eight boy was supposed to eat. Yeah. You see what happens to him at the end. But also every. Yeah. In fact, that may be we talked about the fact that most of these movies have got a lot of drug people and drugs. This is the only one of the movies that had a dog that wound up on drugs. But that was sad when he was. That was very sad. But the performances were amazing. And you're the only other person I've ever met that loved that music scene too. I thought that was amazing. Oh, that was that was phenomenal. That was phenomenal. That's the. Oh, just that scene alone was so spectacular. Were all these different people, including one who was dying, one who was almost in a coma. Right. And they're trying to kill herself. Right. And they're all moving their lips. And they're singing this depressing morbid song in the little kid from the game show. He's singing a song. And he says the message is give up. Exactly. Well, I actually own the soundtrack to that movie because Amy Man wrote all the original music. And I thought that's function to one that year for Oscar. I think the movie, the I think the song that was nominated was not that song, but the one that she was singing at the end called Dave Me. Right. And um, but all the stories were, you know, these, I think the sign of a good movie like Requiem and this movie may know is where the characters want you and they stay with you. And even Danny, the wisk kid. I mean, how pathetic you want to get brazen because he was in love with his bartender. Right. I mean, and and her and those. And who was the, who was the actor that played the screaming queen who was the, the bartender? Oh, he was from last in. Well, this is name. Oh, that wasn't not already Johnson. Who was that? The other guy from last in. Oh, for a minute. What the weird. Who? The way they did his thing. Yeah, Ronan Martin. No, the guy with a skinny nose. Yeah, he was from last in wasn't he? What the hell is his name? Well, somebody will know. He would like to, like, like to, like to, like to, thanks. Love it. Bye. 110 votes. So far our last movie pull until whenever we change our mind, but we got to get bring this to an end because the audience is starting to get really upset. Aren't they? No. No, they're not. Screw him. Where I'm telling you, I enjoy this because I never would have seen Magnolia. I never would have seen, uh, really for a dream. Or any of these things because in fact, Joe was saying to me on a phone, I said, Joe Custella, I was raving him about some of these movies. He said, and this is the anti DVD guy I'm talking to because you remember when you got me that DVD player the first time. I thought, well, I don't have time for this, you know, just not my bag, which is why I never got one in the first place. But now that I really have the time and the schedule to be able to watch this stuff, I mean, you know, minimum one a day now for me, minimum, which means by the middle of all just I'll be broke, but I'll have a great collection. 110 votes didn't see any of those on your list 34. Requiem for Dream 18, Glen Gary Glen Ross 13. They all suck 13. Take that with 10 grains of salt. Momento 11. Just change them again. The gain eight, Gadigas six, Magnolia only five, happiness two and shallow grave one. Well, that's interesting. Shell agrees to go on already. It's British nobody saw it. No, no, but I'm saying it's interesting that it's got one. Oh, that's because it's Carlos. You liked that one the best of all of these. He didn't know that. I bet you I bet you it was. And we didn't put bullion here so we couldn't vote for that or kids. He would probably vote for kids. I think we got a closet to something there. I don't know what the closet human being. He's been out of the ship because he's not getting paid on the 10. And you for the birthday. And we forgot his birthday today. Everybody should call. What's your happy birthday? Okay. I didn't. All the way. He's not answering the phone. 560, 560 on the AT and T if horizon wireless line. Mad Dogga 2. Hank from New York again from the Ascene of the Belmont at the 4. 630 Marlins on deck the Ascene. And the Ascene Marlins again tonight 7.05. There we another 7.8000 people there. Maybe any K follows the baseball game. Any K who's got his legs in the nose and ice crossed and the nostrils. Hope for the ducks to pull off the big upset and Joe and Mark overnight 2 to 5. And Morty and Joe says. I still can't get over the mark. I mean the Joe the let me get one of the names right. The for. I'm not even close. The for Ellen Moby. That is just a mind but see I'm speechless from it. I thought they were golfing buddies. I think they were just talking at crappy with sucking his ass that first day that they the transmitter went down. No they played together. Regardless but don't you remember that for well came in and ripped him an ass. Well we were off the year. Oh yeah. And then I played some of that cassette so Morty got the message real quick. He's usually a little bit slow on the up chuck but he must have got the message real quick that for well also hates him like poison. So those two guys are already at war. Well that's good that takes the heat off of us. Plus those two have to see each other every day. Oh. If you got a big ugly ball spot. Speaking of mo you can do a lot of things. You can either just leave it sit there and you can you know let the light shine off your head. Or you can put a ugly muskware on there. You can put one of those cats. Civets. One on a sit at cats on there. Or you can look civilized and have yourself a real great looking head of hear. Thanks to Chuck Alphiari. Charlie produces sensational results with his natural hairline system. And whether you spend a small amount or millions you can't get a better looking head of hear that isn't the real thing because the natural hairline system looks like it is real. Like it's going out of your scalp and he say Israel. That's right. And everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee so you have nothing lose but that big glaring ball spot. If you don't love after 30 days the way it looks and feels and smells and a hair too. Charlie give you a full refund. So please do yourself a favor. Forget about the holes in the head and the pills and the muskware gets yourself a great looking head of hear. And if you mention you're Rogers when you call Charlie knock it. And next we're doing a box off the already reasonable price of the natural hairline system. Call him today guys get some hair back and look great and younger than you ever thought you could again. 1 800 321 2413. That's 1 800 321 2413 or log out of that world famous website Charles Alphiari.com. This is angel Billy Isle. Oh god. That's just his dad and when that's what we see. Oh no. For the trigger, Papa's at the rear hand. I've been pounding. My history was bad now. Although it's my business now. And those drugs in the bad now. I don't need my crack. Papa's at the rear hand. I don't need my crack. You're a part of me. Don't cut that line now. I've got a stick clean. I'm gonna have to pay back all time now. May it's a drag. Papa's at the rear hand. I'm 45 at 5.60WQAM. 560. 560. And Verizon Wireless Line. Run around town town. Everybody for real and more are added. They're ready to have those trotes. Here's your field beach. Yeah, Neil. Yes sir. This is Wayne. I'm a roller-long time listener. Last week you were talking about the radio about the best boy. And I've seen these on movie credits. I was wondering what is the best boy. He's a go-forer. From what I understand the go-forers. I thought they'd want to go and bring the coffee in the sandwich. Back in stuff like that. The go-forers. The grip and the gap. Right. You're a rapper. I was just curious about. I know you were talking about the last week. I'll give you a call because you're talking about the movies and everything. Hold it. Hold it. Okay. There you go. Thanks. Thank you so much. You're welcome. I'm calling to board. This is, uh, I want to just sit here and cry. You know what? I want to just sit down and put my head in my hands and cry. I mean, I got the picture of Mo on all fours here in front of me, which I'm using as the crap bottom. I made a set of very least. Just enough to make me change out of where every 10 seconds like the little kid Magnolia on a quesho. And a response from hell absolutely nothing. Why are you? And now what is that? What? What? You just sent me a revised schedule. I mean, it's a reverse. It's a reverse. It's a reverse. It's a reverse? It's a reverse? Yeah. I see Mo's name is crossed out on tomorrow's schedule. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, not tomorrow. Not tomorrow on Friday's schedule. Tomorrow's only Thursday. I'm pushing it a little bit. And we got Goldie's solo on Friday. Hmm. Pretty interesting. Maybe Mo is going to go out looking for a new address. That could be it. And if you're a tee, if he finds way, he won't be telling. For how long it is. Don't you dare be putting it on the air where I live the complex. Okay, so we don't know if he lives in cemetery, or legit not. I don't think so. 560, 750, 50, pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I guess we're lucky that it's Wednesday and not. Oh. Thanks for finding me. We go on. Let's be to tell you to send a check. He can no check until I get back. He's just been having to wait just a few days. Okay. Hey, Miguel. Yeah. Hello, is he also okay, Mr. Hachad and there. Come just a relax. Oh yeah. Tell him to hop on the Dorine's bones for a while. It'll come in down a little bit. Here's Oakland Park. Hello. Mr. Roger. Speaking. And he'll, I wanted to talk to you about a guy. A PT Anderson Paul Thomas Anderson. The guy that did Magnolia and he did Dolby Knight. Right. He also did a movie called The Heart 8. I don't know if you've seen that. But it's based in Vegas and it's got a great cast also. And he, he tends to use a lot of the same actors and all his movies. And you should check it out if he get a chance. The great eight? No, no, the heart eight. Oh, the heart eight. Yeah. It's actually, you know, the guy that had the, the talk show host. I think it's Philip Michael Baker. I think it's his name. The actor. And right. Philip, it's Philip Baker. There he goes. Philip Baker. And then the guy, John O'Neill, who's been a ton of movies and is becoming a really, really good character actor. Right. And then the two main actors in the movie and then when it's cultural plays a hooker, a prostitute in the movie. And an insemional, L Jackson plays like a black male or a tight, but a dude and it takes place in Vegas. Can you tell me the name of the actor that was talking about the gay old, the troll that's sitting at the bar in the movie? No, I know. I can see him, but I don't know the, I don't know the name of the actor, but I was that I was pretty funny. Yeah, that whole thing in a bar where the rotation after the bartender, that's a pan that's a hoot. Yeah, I think, you know, that movie, you know what, that movie actually did not get the best review. Some people loved it, but a lot of critics hated it because they thought that he ripped off a lot of, a lot of the, the theme of the movie from other movies. So they, they panned it in the way that's saying that he was kind of ripping off a whole bunch of different movies. Well, that's interesting. Yeah, because they got three Academy Award nominations, Vester original screenplay, Paul Thomas Anderson, and Vester original song, and is a whole list here on the sleeve of all these different awards they got, the 1989 Golden Bear Award, Toronto Film Critics Award, and it's said a lot of them. And if you can believe Paul Thomas Anderson, I do not believe that he's 30 years old yet. If you can believe, I guy is a genius because he is, he's, I think when he wrote Boogie and I thought thinking, he might have been 24 when he wrote Boogie and he's a genius. And for me, I'll say it again, to me, this is the best movie I ever saw. I don't know a lot of people say, how could you say that? I just said it's the best movie I ever saw in my life. And I tell you what, the way it's looking movies is I actually, I actually choose to see movies because of the writers and the directors that do. I'm not really the actors. And that guy, anything that he does, I actually go out and see and just haven't been, you know, disappointed. Excellent. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. All right. 10 till noon and 567.0560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Today I'd guess for one moment here. Jim Loeb, credibility gap anyone. It's from the internet press service. It's on our website today. All these articles that I read like little bits and pieces as opposed to the bedtime stories that I sent me along. I think everybody upset. Just to give you a little tease. Jim Loeb says, when all three major US newsweeklies, time, newsweek, and US news and world report run major features on the same day on possible government lying, you can bet you have the makings of a major scandal. And when the two most important outlets of the offensive opinion, the weekly standard in the Wall Street Journal, come out on the same day with lead editorials, spluttering outrage about suggestions of government lying, you can bet that things are going to get very hot as some are approaches in Washington. The controversy over whether the administration of President George W. Bush either exaggerated or lied about evidence that said it had about the existence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq before the West London invasion has mushroomed over the past week. And it goes on a life. You want to read this column. Jim Loeb credibility gap anyone questioned Mark. Sign our website near rangers.com. And then I turn on, I come in here this morning and put it up. And Moe is talking about the president's lies. And I thought, well, I thought, well, maybe he's out of his territory, but he's talking about Bush. Now, what he's talking about is Hillary's book, which we do have a story about that also on a website. He's talking about Hillary's book and about how he lied about his affair with Monica. Now, this coming from a guy who lies about his age, who lies about whether or not certain people were pushed off a show by him. I mean, you ask him what time it is and you have to look at your watch to make sure he's not lying to you. And he's talking about Bill Clinton lying. And I heard a succession of calls by the way that weren't too pleased with his take. That we're talking about the lies about the weapons of mass destruction, and I'm not sure how a lot more significant than lies about blow jobs. And the one called a liar, that was right on top of it, was telling Moe that he was eminently unqualified to be discussing something of that nature. Absolutely corrects you right on. Don't take any crap from aering old man who's done on his hands in ease with a lamb shit on his neck. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT and T line. Here's land 10, I hello. Hey, I think you're talking about Henry Gibson. Henry Gibson, that's what was. He was great. Yeah, I know he was a great movie man. Great movie. How could these people not agree? I mean, why I understand people had different tastes, but what is it that they might not have liked? I don't know. Too much shit to think about, maybe I don't know. Maybe too many frogs. Now what you make of that? Because I don't know that there's one interpretation, but what you make of it? The frog. Well, I don't want to give it away. We didn't give it away. Well, I mean, I wanted to cause people a lot of people didn't see the movie. They've heard that there's a frog scene in there, but we don't want to tell them that it's raining frogs. No, because that actually does happen. I mean, not, I'm sure not in that amount. That does happen. I've heard. I know what. Well, everybody knows that, but what do you think it means? I don't think it means anything. Really? Yeah. I think just like the narrator keeps saying during the movie, crab happens. Yeah. Because our crab happens. Yeah, it's always something. Exactly. That's right. That's exactly correct. All right. Yeah. Can I recommend a couple more, yeah? Sure, go ahead. Have you seen Secretary? No. You might like that. Okay. Pretty kinky. And, uh, sexy beast. Have you seen that? No. That's great, man. That's sexy beast. Yeah. Certainly isn't it about our beast, I'll tell you that. This is the beast. Wrong beast. Then king's leasing it. And it's a, it's, it's a, he's an animal. It's great. Okay. Yeah. Definitely see that. Even though the audience will be very upset because you're continuing this movie thing, Are you ever going to stop this? No. We'll stop it when we feel like it. How do you like that? We're out of the movie. Huh? When we stand this right, when we've, when we've discussed every last movie that's ever been made. And not only that, it look at here's black cat white cat. Oh, my, not being, it's it. Oh, I see. It's a four language movie. It's a four. We don't know what he said. You ever see black cat white cat? No. So there's one. Here's one called the man on the drive and movie channel to help release from prison taking interest in a woodland nymph is a means of exploring the opposite sex, Donald P. P. on and Andre Pellettier for a frog movie. Another one of those. From the drive and movie channel. Oh. You're so beautiful. Both of you. I got. He gained. I love you. Oh, how emotional. Real corn just what you'd expect on a channel that you can't get, but that's where it goes. 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. We're asking our last movie full ever because the audience is starting to get a really Anzy, which of these movies did you like the most? 169 votes didn't see any of them 51. See, that's why I think we're doing a serve of 53, like I said. Glenn Gary Glenn Ross 24. They all sucked 24 totally bogus that number. Requiem for Dream 23, Memento 15, the game 12. Gatica 11, Magnolia 11, happiness to in shallow grave only one. Channel grave is pretty surprising. If you've seen, if you want those movie mavens that seem just about every movie that anybody ever heard of, and you didn't see shallow grave, you might want to pick that up. I've got you and McGregor in it. No, I'm not in it. Me and McGregor? Yeah. Oh, f of you. Now you and McGregor as he play Alex? Oh, I play that name in the David. David's a goofy guy with a glasses. That's one's a lot of time in the attic. Alex I thought was Alex was okay. I was pulling form there at the end. Tapy? Yeah. Tapy McCallum. Here's Miami. Hello. Anyhow, I know it. Pretty good. And you should keep the smooth thing until whenever you feel like taking it off, man, and I want a little rec of you to back on my little coffee. Yeah. Beautiful. Beautiful. Have you ever seen American Paggo? Yes. Just saw a couple weeks ago as great. Yeah, it's a great movie. And so the movie I saw was a rules of attraction with James Vanderbeak and a whole like young cast young all the way. I was somebody suggested that I was going to watch it, but then I figured why it changed my mind about getting it. What we talked about in the other day. What I decide? It's the Dawson's Creek Kid and you don't like it. Oh, I can't say that kid. The Kid from Dawson's Creek. He's actually pretty funny in the movie. And that's not me now. I was the, I don't like him at all, but I saw the movie because of the chicks and all up at the story. He's good. It's like the sending Carlos and drugs everywhere and it's like eight kids and they're all cheating on each other. But it sure a lot of drugs in these movies, you know what? Yeah. I guess not everybody is just saying like Nancy Reagan said, okay, I'll write it down. If you watch at least once, just like Requiem. Okay. Thanks. Thanks, Bally. No problem. See you. He says we should continue doing until we feel like not doing. I don't like that. Yeah. That's the way it goes. And we'll see. We'll see what's up and what's down, you know? Go on. I mean, forget to read the Paul Cragman. It's not really that long. It's pretty short. In the next hour. Okay. Because we only got one more out of that. We got the one to two are. I'll tell you this ten and two man. I don't know why. But it goes by like Greece lightning and a witch's ass. It just flies by. Well, speaking about ants, I wonder how moth made out of the anster doctor. He's running around. He's looking fine. Oh, is he? Yeah. Well, that's good. I sure hope it doesn't have any of that. Gas left in that they pump India when you go for that colonoscopy. They pump India. I don't know seriously. You don't think they've done it yet. Oh, they haven't. They haven't done what yet. They haven't done what yet. They haven't done what yet. They haven't done what yet. They haven't done what yet. They haven't done what yet. They haven't done what yet. No, I think they did the pre. The pre cleaning. I don't know. I'm just making that up. The excavation. Oh, wow. Selt of the scouts. They said something about two loose-launch tracks. Is what I heard. That was the report I heard. Do you think they've done the cleaning? What are you talking about, man? You're disgusting. You're sick. Are you didn't see Magnolia either, right? Yeah. Get it. Right. And yeah, we'd say bye. But it's pretty much one of those expensive. Right. I think I'd be amazed if you'd been both agree with me that it was just a phenomenal. And of course in your case, if you want to get paid again, forget about the 10th. But. Love him 58 at 5.60 WQN for a long time for a couponsage. It seems like I've been telling you about Olimet. In fact, I'm having him ship it to me all the time right here, so I can take it for my blood pressure. And it's really good stuff. Olimet soft shells contain the finest of purest olive oil under the sun. And it is super concentrated stuff. Loaded with all kinds of health benefits for you. Olimet every day can upproduce the risk of all kinds of nasty, grotes things that you want to avoid like heart disease and high cholesterol. And now there are 14 different Olimet formulas to choose from each for a different party or help. Each one combining pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins, minerals and herbal sports specific health needs from your bones, to your blood pressure, to your immune system. Like I said, just pick out the ones that are right for you and what you need. And now there are three brand new Olimet formulas. One to help you sleep, one to help you control that disgusting weight. And sell Q10, which is so damn important for your heart. Pick some up today while you're out doing your shopping. Pick up Olimet at publics, records, Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Navarro, Sedanos, or Ordered Online if you prefer an Olimet America.com. If you want more information, call your toll free number and they'll answer all your questions. Call 1-866-Olimet. That's 1-866-65363333. If you want to do something very inexpensive and positive for your health, start poppin some Olimet in your post today. And I'm Loco. This is for 2569. Wait, who am I? Do do do do. Please, please, so fit me for my life. The best of me, can you make my legs naked? Don't start being late. I feel bad for me when I'm wearing these legs. I promise I'll be bad for me. I'm most nervous when I'm going to hate. From these bad for me. Run side so that you might. And if I just go to me so I'm wearing that disguise. That's weird when you take a girl. I feel like there's a group. It just makes it just get... Bye-bye! I'm gonna just get through. I'm gonna just get through. I'm gonna just get through. I feel like a reality's things that have happened. If I can tell, it will be ten of that or something. I gotta pull up my thoughts and the full of bright lights. You'll be just my life one and adjust the right. Please, please, so fit me through. Right, wait. From these bad for me. I can't feel the next leg. Don't start being late. From these bad for me. When I'm wearing these legs. Up from the stage. From these bad for me. I'm most nervous when I'm going to hate. From these bad for me. Five by Xest and don't flutter the doorhead's in the skinny ass and away out. God, we can't stand him. Nobody can stand him. If I touch a good pull question, who is more or the testable? Just in Tinkerbell or more how I've dived it. That's a battle. Not for me. Tw- Why'd you think? You don't even know what I'm gonna say. Ah! Ah! Oh, I know what you're gonna say, alright. It was Justin. Yeah, sure it was. Vicky sends me a facts where she's got all these as it is. It's a quick no problem. Vicky they'll all be on the next hour. I wanted to our because we love our audience. And spite of what they think. We love you, Vicky. Here's also a facts. It says the Queen and Magnolia. Well, the other Queen, not Henry Gibson. But the other one, the one that was also the ugly one. I had the hot, the one that had to get the braces. Was William H. Macy from Fargo. But you should know you, you with the one recommending Fargo. Right. He's good. And he was very good in this. Let's see. Anaptation with Nicholas Cage. It's a Hayton, a Cage. But he's reading this movie. You have got to see this movie says Marcello. Anaptation. Okay. Well, I'm building another list for another, another plunge at the movie store. Now, can I just read a quick synopsis? Like a few seconds here. Let me pull the mic over to the thing. Magnolia. And it gets chopped off here, which pisses me off. But I'll just read like, on one random day in the San Fernando valley, a dying father, a young wife, a male caretaker, a famous lost son, a police officer and love, a boy genius, an ex-boy genius. That's William C. Schmorscheworth. Again, show host and an estranged daughter will each become part of a dazzling multiplicity of plots, but one story. Through a collusion of coincidence, chance, human action, shared media, past history and divine intervention, they will all weave and warp through each other's lives on a day that builds to an unforgettable climax. Some will seek forgiveness. Others escape. Some will mend freight bonds. Others will be exposed. Magnolia is a mosaic of American life woven through a series of comic and poignant vignettes. Got it? Yeah, I got it. Funny. That's just give you a little taste, a little teaser, a little something up the way you're weak. What your beak? 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon, I was lying. Nothing for you. Can't you just see that scene? Biner boy is going to play Joey Zaza. And Clarins is going to come through on the tenth on payday. All the envelopes. Look at Biner boy and say, nothing for you. Although he does make a bell if a girl. So you keep saying the tenth, it would have been tomorrow. I know, director positive. I don't want to hear about it. Now actually, when he's getting this payday is direct deposit. Here's the call from Dallas, hello. Hi. Yes, sir. All right. Let me give you some of my credentials for. I'll tell you what I'm about to tell you about a best boy. I'm a union electrician. I worked out of local 20 of the IBEWN Los Angeles, which is the studio local. Okay. The best boy is sometimes you'll see a listing for electrician or gaffers, which are basically the same thing. Right. The best boy is the head electrical formant. He's usually the biggest company's suck ass on the job. Okay. Right. That's why he gets his name up there. So when I said he's the go for that, it's partly true. Am I right? No, he is the electrical formant. He's got a go for his work for him. Okay. He's the big company formant. All right. Now I got a question for you because I'm fixing to go to Amsterdam. Oh, don't do it man. Please, I'm begging you. I'm serious. Don't do it. Why is it a toilet? Don't ask me. It's a toilet because there are no true, almost no tourist going there anymore. Because there's very rampant unemployment so there are a lot more beggars and schleppers in the street drug pedal is running around where the low-life scum of the city. And it's just a shadow of what it used to be. You'll be very disappointed. You've never been there before. You can go there every year. Oh, so now that you've been there many times. Indeed. Well, what was the last time you were there? It has been a year and a half. Okay. Well, keep in mind that I lived there for a few months. The last couple of years plus I haven't gone there for 16 years. So I've been there probably a hundred times. You'd, I mean, go ahead if you want, but I would just warn you. You'll be very disappointed. So last time I went there was a lot of construction. I wasn't just the streets were torn up and stuff. No, no, no, no, that's always great. That's just a given. That doesn't bother me. But it's just a dank and depressing and there's very few tourists. And you're not going to be happy. We'll not be the answer then that you remember. It would be like going back to Detroit. You know, and trying to out of the, yeah, exactly. Seriously, trying to relive the Motown days in Detroit. It just ain't the same anymore, believe me. I've got a fan foot or Harlem or something. Huh? I've got a fan foot or Harlem down this 15 minutes train ride from Amsterdam. Have you ever been to Cologne, Germany? No, Frankfort. Now, forget about Frankfort. Two and a half hour train trip from Amsterdam from Central Station. In Cologne, Germany, I promise you it'll be one of the biggest surprises of your life. A good one. All right. Okay. It's on my way. I'm cheering. Have a good time, pal. Bye now. Danke schn. And I'll still believe. And put scenes. No, I'm serious. I'm not the kid you man. And today, if that's on you right, 10th rate for this summer. Put it off a year. Okay. And I don't know. We'll have to get spy reports, I guess. Because I'm not going to go back and test the waters. You know what I mean? Well, I'm not going to take close those coffee. Coffee, coffee, champs or prevent. No, no, but that's just the way of everything is going to see the French or ones who are like, because now they remember the EU, Netherlands, they're in that EU. Yeah. And that's what they're saying. EU, maybe that was a mistake we should have done that. Because they're trying to like their clamp down a little bit on the permissive ways in the Netherlands. Oh, Jesus Christ. What? It's just like what? It's just like what the US is doing to Canada with the MR1 laws and everything else. Trying to like stick their nose into our business. Another one of those facts is about what about the president's resume. Another six pages coming across the office. Oh, what's not sending us that bush business. Okay. It's not funny. We've seen it a million times. And it wasn't funny the first time. Okay. Jesus Joseph and Saul. Let me forget that Paul Cragman piece. Don't forget that Paul Cragman piece. This hour. Here's a call from Davy. Hello. Oh, Neil? Yes, sir. How are you today? Great. Did you see on the BBC? They have a special commission coming out against players' government to find out who was lying about the weapons of mass destruction. Right. And did you see, Dawden McCain on TV this week talking about? Yeah, they were on TV and they were talking about how they want to have a bipartisan commission to find out who was exaggerating the weapons of mass destruction. Now, my question is, do you think all those little lying born again? And those are going to go against W and try to get him and teach when they figure out he was lying? No. No. Absolutely not. You think they're going to be indigand about anything that he's done? No lying about taking us to war and killing a whole bunch of people and having a whole bunch of our people killed for no reason at all except greed. That's not bad. But if it's blow jobs, then it's really bad. We know that. And even a lot, I think, sir, you know, I hate black people centered a lot. You know, the one talking about he even he is in this thing now where he wants to find out who was lying and who's exaggerating. And I said, have him come up. Something must be up. Yeah, there you go. So I said, there's a big sting coming like that article. I read little that credibility gap article there. There's a big sting coming. You only seem to be getting other. Well, you know, in addition, let me ask you this, you know, that big commission that Kissinger was supposed to be on and the bridge. Yeah, they were investigating the pre 9 11. What more did we ever hear about that? I've heard everything now. I get about it. That's deep. I mean, they put that's like putting the fox in the chicken hands. Right. But my point being, I mean, they put a couple of flunkies and charged there. And they've still have no information about that. They'll have it said to the truth. Well, I hope they get to the bottom and make W off to be the liar that he really is. Because all that exaggeration just so he could go over and kick his dad's enemy there. That was ridiculous. Yeah, I don't forget about his friends at Bechtel and all the other hell of burden to you. Yeah, what a bunch of thieves, you know, and they're good like to watch, pal. All right. Thank you, Neil. I think their day is coming. I hope so because his poles are down to 32% among the Democrats right now. And they were on TV Monday. And the people were mean. The one woman said he's a dangerous little man. And we have to get back. Yeah, he's a good guy. He was dangerous. And the pole said, who do you want is your candidate? And 62% of them said, we'll care that's registered Democrats as long as it can be Bush. We don't care what they think about the issues. Now isn't that a hell of a note? There is. It's called ABB, anyone but Bush. I know, right? Okay. You've got a vote early in off and man. Yeah. 560, 750, 550, pound 560 on the AT&T line. You know, you watch him. He's over there. He's been prancing around in Europe. And now he's going over there in the Middle East. And you watch him speak. And you say, you really ask yourself, can this man really be the president of this country? Is it possible that there are people anywhere who really take him seriously? I got ahead. This is John Cretchen, our prime minister here in Canada. Even though he's a silly frog. I got to say this. He continues taking every opportunity he can to tell it like it is. About the outrageous deficits that this administration's built up about the fact that this guy's a bozo. I mean, even though they were over there, like, you know, patting each other on a shoulder and smiling face to face, Cretchen made it very clear right from the beginning that this man's a dumbo. You just want, I mean, we had Gerald Ford, but keep in mind, nobody elected him. He got him when Nixon quit. And even that peanut farmer Carter beat him in 76. So nobody elected Gerald Ford president. Dumboard and saw us. But this guy, I mean, at least Reagan, for all of his dangerous, and he sure was dangerous. He was the first pawn of the right wing to ever win the White House. But he was a movie actor. He was slick. Right. Even the shoe polish was slick. He looked good up there. But this guy's about as slick as the cobblestone streets in Amsterdam, but he had read light district there. Oops. Don't fall down. I'm big and I've got to know, let's don't do it, man. Don't do it because you'll be so depressed and so sad. You'll say, what happened to this place? And I think it was a very good analogy to compare it to Detroit. Detroit used to be an exciting, a great city. I mean, just, ah, fabulous place. The Motown era, the early 60s, the mid 60s. And then something happened in 67. I think it was called a bunch of fires. 1214 at 560 WQM, how low can they go? We're asking today and we're talking about interest rates. Because right now financial group is doing the limbo rock under the lowest refinance you rate you've heard of in a long time. 1.95% sound sensational. And it's true. Now you can refinance your homer by a new homungit you was super low. 1.95% financing with our friends at financial group. Call toll free 1-800-9-4-0-land. That's 1-800-9-4-0-land. If you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate, call financial group. And if you want to talk about savings specifically, here are some payment examples for you. If you have a 100,000 dollar loan, your payments get down only 268 bucks a month. If you have you a 200,000 dollar loan, your payments are only 736 bucks a month. So call financial group toll free at 1-800-9-4-0-land. And get that low low rate that you've been looking for for a long time. 1.95% interest rates of at all time low so don't wait call now. And get you 1.95% financing from financial group. Be sure to tell the Todd Drec to recall. 1-800-9-4-0-land. That's financial group at 1-800-9-4-0-land. Equal housing lender, credit restrictions apply. Rate sub-dim change monthly 5.19 APR. That's Todd Drec as in PUTZ. 5.19 Local V6 V6. The rate is all yours, Todd Drec! You way in! 9. On inside of behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story, she was an outspoken Irish girl with no hair. She was shenned or conner. Now to come back... That's what I come to. Come to me, dear! What a one for me! I'm fucking bald! I changed my fucking head! What does that tell ya? Some lived on the correlation between Shenado counter short lived career and their talent for pissing off everybody on the freaking planet. Don't get me started! Shenade's one-time manager, Sleppy Gold. I remember when she tore off the picture of the Pope on Saturday night live. I begged the Shenade on anything but the Pope! I gave her a stack of eight-by-tenths to choose from. Richard Nixon, Gandhi, Christy McNickle, anything. But no, it's got to be the Pope. Of course I asked her why she's being so difficult. She tells me... I'm fucking bald! I got no hair! You're deaf! Pile, shite! Don't fucking with me! Realizing that Shenade had her only hit with a song written by Prince. We asked the purple rain star about his experience with the fire-reoconer. So, if I may, Prince... Oh, Jesus, sorry. The artist formerly known as Prince... Mm-hmm. What was your memory of Shenade O'Connor? Look, she's f***ed bald! She's she the f***ed head! Now, what does it tell you? Shenado counter. She was the Susan Powder of Rock Music. Hey, give us a break. How many bald chicks can you come up with on the top of your head? It's a big juicy shopping wed look at show business. Tonight, on inside the mind. You all believe this, but it's because I've never heard that before. I just played it off the new disc. And when he got to the part of how she shaved her head bald... And immediately, Shenade O'Connor popped into my mind. And with it like, three seconds, he said it. How do you like that? Oh, yeah. Shocking, amazing! Twenty-passed noon at five, 60, WDQA. I have another feeling. I have a sucking prediction that for well and more. I'm going to be the toughest troops for days and weeks and months to come. What do you think of that? Oh, right. I think it's going to be really hairy. Here's a call from Miami, hello. Miami? Hello, dear. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. How's your butt that asshole, Riley? I mean, that argument about lying about getting that P-body ward? No. Yeah, a big blow out of the book. Some of you have a hand and another right ass, a right ass, a right ass, a right ass, a car. He lied to my gay people, I'd keep out of the ward and then he's delighted. I mean, that a big thing about him and knew yesterday. I think what it was is he played Mr. Peabody to divorce and a bowling call. Wasn't that it? Did you have a P-body? Maybe he wants to have made a pit stop in P-body mass. He ever been to P-body? No. No, forget about it. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. I'm sure glad that this last call or we had his faculty not there for us. That other right wing, Kami, pinko. Let's come back. Somebody will know. Here's a call from Kendall. Hey, honey. Okay. I want to see what your opinion was on Howard Dean. The Vermont governor. He's been pretty good. So far, I don't know that much about him. I read some of his comments. I think he's pretty good. He's got some balls. I agree with a lot of his, he's a, I believe he had an opinion. He's not afraid to express that he's not afraid of Bush. He's not afraid to bash the crap bottom. Dennis Cassinuches making some nice noise. Two, even though the media is ignoring him. He's saying a lot of the right things. And Senator Bobby, he could be the Dark Horse Senator. He's been good. Evan's no bad calls Howard Dean at dangerous Dark Horse. Good. Good. Good. Keep in mind. Keep in mind that before 76 nobody ever heard a Jimmy Carter before 92. Nobody ever heard of Bill Clinton. So a lot of these guys, it's only in the last one. He gets to the primaries that these guys emerge. And I have a feeling that we're going to have a much larger voter turn out this year. Cause crazy. And that always favors the new. Uh, can't it not the incumbent. Right. So I think I mean, my opinion is Bush can't win. I know so many people. Let's throw a briefs of guys. Yeah. Feed him. Also everyone, at least I know someone who works in the upper echelons of IBM international business machine. They all don't like, I don't know why, but they don't like them. I don't know. I don't know why, but they don't like them. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah. I don't know. Maybe he'll win, but I just don't see it being. He doesn't know. He doesn't know how many million phony votes I guess they can come up with next time. Yeah. And how many hundreds of millions he can put in. He can promote himself with. No shortage of that man. Yeah. All right. Thanks. He likes watch pal. How are deans okay in my book? I mean he's very enjonding. Or Jimmy Dean and dizzy Dean and deafy Dean. Here's a fact that says. Oh. It's the opposite of the truth. And it's from the guy with the eyes. Oh, the guy with the eyes. Oh, no. Now I know who's handwriting that is on the thine. No one deals on vacation. You're hard up to put on entertaining shows. But George is the worst. Demister read. This is written like a retard wrote it. So you know why? Probably is the guy with the eyes. Hey, Greg. Good. Oh, chuckle. You're going to chuckle. Oh, he chumming. Yeah. And we put it up on the website. And he thanked us profusely. You know, this can't be the guy with the eyes. And he just says, I don't know. So he said, You know, And he said, Oh, What is he thinking? What is he thinking? He said, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, The guy with the eyes. Here you're on the embrace so OK. In fact, The probably Gilbert left him for another guy. Okay. So when I'm thinking probably left him for the guy with the funny pack, and that's why he's gotten too much time on his hand. You're a simple King. Okay. Get a freaking life. All these years. I mean, the years just go smokin' by almost 30 years in his market, and the same tired, misfits, the same sad like whistling, the same no lives continued Darkeningard door in our goddamn radio speakers. Jesus Christ. And then the best part of him is he'll come to your appearances and just suck your ass, you know, to your face, right? Anyone who will tolerate it. Do you, George? Or did you know you're going to think for free? Do you know? We don't want to see you. We don't want to know from you. Just like the time he came up, showed up at Highly with his other boyfriend there. That little, Chubby Miss Fit. Oh, what you did it a bird was unconshital. What you did to the bird? And give me a lamb sitting there, try to, you know, watch the races and enjoy myself. And he comes out there to the track expecting me to put on a talk show for him. You need mental health, man. You need serious health. In fact, that's one of those polls we should take in where we talked about who should live and who should have died. The tree lady, his mother, she should still be alive and he ought to be pushing up daisies. The guy with the I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I. Jack and he might have lost the parents as he still lives with dad and doesn't work. Doesn't work, huh? Go get a job, you quizzing, you loser, you will lung head, anyway, 254 votes are last movie full today to we change our minds. It won't be for a while, till, but Thursday, right? Which of these movies did you like the most? Didn't see any of May 2, Glenn Gering, Glenn Ross 36? Huh? That's pretty good. They all suck 34, really improve for a dream, which wasn't first place. 31. The game 20, movement of a momento 19, Gatica 14, Magnolia 13, happiness only 5 and shall agree for. I'm surprised happiness isn't real better. Maybe because it's too morbid for them, maybe because there's too much about pedophilia, maybe you saw it because it got sold out. What do you mean by that? Oh, no, we can get a copy of it. You've seen it. Mm-hmm. And I'm going to scale the five stars, you'll give it four and a half. Right, exactly exactly what I had in mind. Boner boy, you see it? Happiness? No, I'll bring in my copy. Yes. I'm going to buy that other one. Which I had in order. Yeah, by Magnolia, and he can he can watch it too because he's on a very, very restricted budget. The next couple of points. 27 pass no and when you drive by that I 95 over pass right there by where the a big go oak tree is. Just throw a few shackles out there for Boner boy. He'll be out there with a guy that McDonald's cup in his hand. If your carpets are looking and smelling pretty nasty, there's one thing you can do. Well, a lot of things you can do. You can waste a lot of money. You can slap home heavy equipment from the supermarket and try to clean yourself. And boy, would you be sorry? Or you can call dry concepts. The miracle workers who have been using in my house for over 20 years because they're the best in the world. That's one simple reason to use them in other good reasons because they don't rip you off. They give you a fair, guaranteed price every time you use them. And I mean guaranteed in writing before they start the job. And they make your carpeting your drapery or expensive area rugs and re-enbergs look and feel and smell just like brand new. And also your post-reel of the furniture. If you have problem with pet otters, middle to road is caused by water damage, no problem. Dry concepts will wave their magic wand and make those all disappear too. And one of the best deals is your carpets are drying a couple of hours and you're ready to rock and roll again. They smell lemony fresh and they look and feel just like brand new. No exaggeration no matter how hopeless they look right now. Dry concepts can make those carpets look just like brand new. Call them today. You'll be delighted when you call them the first time. You'll never think about using anybody else. 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071 are log onto their website at dryconcept.com. We'll drag concepts clean today, entertain tonight. Not just their slow-in, it's their business. You way jam... Little problem. How would they be? Did they show her? Yeah, flew sexy! Or you send me a new one in red oeans. What I Oh, come back. Oh, yeah, I can't take this. Just think I know why. For the calling. Hello, venture got there. The said one your auto gyros do to busily apprentice do the old year. Hey, for the security, you want to do the stutterspeed yam now shut up. I'll take your horse. All right, take that. And let me think. They are pushing back your back into the darkness. I'll show them. I'll show them. Oh, you open the tower yet. Yeah, you see it, man. Good. Open the door. Come on, listen. You got your whole life ahead of you. Get your boat loaded everything to the lake. And get that drive from the boat up. Yeah, go ahead and tell yourself. I also buy a jeep, I'll bring you up to the boat over the lake. And you'll get the busily. Come on, go. Hey, look, I'm flying. I feel like Superman. Yeah, this is nice. Hi, I drew the hand with the greatest of it. Yeah, yeah. 23 at 5.60 WQA and Laura Faxes and says, I love you. But please stop talking about movies. Not all your listeners go to the movies regularly. Nice time I went to the movies just to see the original Rocky. See Laura, I know this may come as a shock to you, sweet heart, since you're a little bit behind the time. But they had these amazing things called video tapes and DVDs. Can almost every movie that has ever been made is now available in some some store. On video tape and or DVD, that's what stimulated this whole series of conversations was I discovered by DVD player was really a great thing and I stare watching all these movies. And I don't want you to know to have to buy and even go and rent them. In fact, Joe was telling me that Janina is wife. What the hell's the name of the thing on the internet? Next day movies are something like that. I service. Oh, I can't remember the website. Anyway, it's a service where they send you a movie and then you watch it and you send it back and they send you another one. That every day you. What is it? Netflix Netflix Netflix dot com. And I don't know how much it cost, but obviously you're not buying a bunch of movies and you're just getting them for one day and you watch it. And you send it back and keep it in different one every day or however often you want to get. See that's the way it works Laura that that's why that's why this whole thing developed now because it's a whole. I mean, I agree with her that back in the olden days when you start talking about movies when most people never saw what what's the point. You know, but here what we're trying to do is we're trying to like stimulate you to go out and rent it or buy it and watch it because we think it's going to be very entertaining and you might actually enjoy it. I know that's probably illegal in South Florida, but just keep your go or close real tight. Keep it or locked. At least better than Matt Dylan didn't at the dumpy was living in. See if you could get that door shut a little bit tighter. I haven't better off and get the hats off the bed. Don't let David in. Oh, too late. Gerard says one film that's a definite must see is the insider saw Gerard Gerard was great. Movie based on the whistleblower from a major tobacco company with Al Pacino. As 60 minutes producer, little birdman and Russell Crowe's excellent is the troubled whistleblower. Also check out Christopher Pummer's incredible turn is Mike Wallace directed by Michael Mann. Gerard Gerard is an excellent flick the insider. Outstanding with Al Pacino where actually plays a good role. Al Pacino's great if he's playing a good role if he's playing Al Pacino. No, seriously. If he's just the one who will or his camping up his himself. Like that. Or get about it. Is what I would say. That's what he told a Johnny Dept. Forget about it. 1235. Here's the Paul Cragman article. Thanks for reminding me. Standard operating procedure from yesterday's New York Times. Don't forget. Sure. Okay. The mystery of her wax missing weapons of match destruction has become a lot less mysterious. Recent reports in major British newspapers and three major American news magazines based on leaks from angry intelligence officials back up the sources who told my colleague Nick Christoff at the Bush administration grossly manipulated intelligence about WMDs. And anyone who talks about an intelligence figure is missing the point. The problem lay not with intelligence professionals but with the Bush and blurred administrations they wanted a war so they demanded reports supporting their case while dismissing contrary evidence. Kind of sounds like the awarding commissioner report. In Britain the news media have not been shy about drawing the obvious implications in the outrage has not been limited to war puns. The times of London was ardently pro-war nonetheless agran in an analysis under the headline, lie another day. The paper drew parallels between the selling of the war and another omnislighting claims. The government has seen his having spun the threat from Sodom's weapon just as it spins everything else. If you have made the same argument in this country even though spin is far too mild award for what the Bush administration does all the time. Suggestions that the public was manipulated in a supporting and Iraq war gained credibility from the fact that misrepresentation and deception are stated operating procedure for this administration which to an extent never be foreseen in US history systematically and reasonly distorts the facts. Am I exaggerating? Even as George Bush done report is by declaring that we have found the weapons of mass destruction, the Republican National Committee declared that the latest tax code benefits everyone who pays taxes. This is simply a lie. You've heard about those eight million children in the night any tax break by last minute switcheroo in total 50 million American households including a majority of those with members over 65 get nothing. Another 20 million received less than $100 a piece and a great majority of those left behind do pay taxes. And the Paul Faced misrepresentation of an a latest tax code offering little or nothing the most Americans is only the latest at the long string of blatant misstatements. Misleading the public has been a consistent strategy for the Bush team, unleashes ranging from tax policy and social security reform to energy in the environment. So why should we give the administration a benefit of the doubt on foreign policy? It's long past time for this administration to be held accountable over the last two years we've been going to co-acustom this pattern. Each time the administration comes up with another waper, partisan supporters are group that includes a large segment of the news media, obediently insist that black is white and up is down. Meanwhile the quote unquote liberal media report only that some people say that black is black and up is up. And some democratic politicians offer the administration and valuable cover by making excuses and playing down the extended lies. If the same lack of accountability extends to matters of war and peace were in very deep trouble, the British seem to understand this. Max Hastings, the veteran Warren Corr, a correspondent who supported Britain's participation in the war, writes that the Prime Minister committed British troops and sacrificed British lives on the basis of the seat and its stinks. It's no answer to say, Sautam was a murderous tyrant. I can point out that many of the neo-conservatives who foamated this war were non-challot or worse about mass murders by central American death squads in the 80s. But the important point is that this isn't about Saddam. It's about us. The public was told that Saddam poath an imminent threat. If that claim was fraudulent, the selling of the war is arguably the worst scandal in American political history, worse than Watergate, worse than Iran, contra, and the idea that we were deceived into war makes many commentators so uncomfortable that they refuse to admit even the possibility. But here's the thought that we should make those commentators really uncomfortable. Suppose the disemministration did connisten to war and suppose that it is not held accountable for its deception, so Mr. Bush can fight what Mr. Hastings calls a tacky election next year. In that case our political system has become utterly and perhaps irrevocably corrupted. You say irrevocably or irrevocably. irrevocably. How about forever? Permanent or momento. Permanent. Good article is usual. Paul Cretman yesterday's New York Times Standard Appering procedure. Don't forget to read that article by Paul Cretman. Okay. Twenty-two-one at five-sixth year. Do I take a ten to two man just flies by? We got our big one to two hour coming up. And for Vicki who requested those three songs, I'll play them all for all of three bits, because I'm in a really good mood. Because I enjoyed Magnolia tremendously and also enjoyed the other one. What was the other one? Oh, I was so brave. And that low picture. Oh, the low picture. Yeah, I've heard you press. Oh, my God. Just try to envision for yourself. More Howard David had done around all fours with that big doggy head lamb shade around his neck. Down and all fours with a big gut. No, next time they take a picture like that, maybe a little bit better pair of underpants. No, he's got a pair of panties under there. So small. It's a pretty pair. And a panties too. And he's in that all fours doggy stop position there. With a big kind of smirk on his face, their mind sends the hair and sends the teeth. That seems to be his new posthulately. You know what I'm saying? He's a peeper. Twenty-two-one at five-sixth year. Yeah, the audience seems to really be into Farella. I should point that out, too. You know this? Even though he's been a little too marlin intensive for my taste. And when he's got my support, 400%. We love Farella. You know what I'm saying? I get the feds looking for me. Mm-hmm. We won't tell him. We'll just tell him where Molyves. Ha ha ha ha ha. Wow, a Kishie-tune in late big concerts. Between Mo and Farella already, a big bug, Brugo and on. Buhaha. Because Farella gets led out of the bag. Kind of a hint at what the area of Boka Mo lives in and Mo is pissed off and fired up. You don't do that to me again. Don't ever give that out of me again. Because when I dropped the bomb, he's got a lot of bombs. He's been dropped. 1241 at five-sixth year. Go out to your pool to take a nice dip and look like somebody dropped a bomb and that baby. It's stained. You're maybe even got cracks in it. Here's the answer for you. Doesn't have to be a mess anymore. Just call our friends at Atlantic Marseille. One simple call straight in your pool problems out. Atlantic Marseille specializes in refinishing pools. Bring it back to life. Make it a brighter and more colorful than ever before. And now Atlantic Marseille's introducing something new and even more exciting than ever before. Atlantic Blue Bright. For over 12 years Atlantic Marseille's been beautifying pools with the ever popular diamond bright. And now the makers of Diamond Bright had developed Atlantic Blue Bright exclusively for our friends at Atlantic Marseille. Atlantic Blue Bright promises to leave your pool of a richer, more colorful appearance. I'm matched by anything on the market in the universe. Your friends and neighbors guaranteed we'll think you've got a brand new pool in there. Licent then ensure that it's a real construction company Atlantic Marseille and they use full time employees not subcontractors. Their family owned and operated business that thousands of people have come to know and trust and love. And they serve daybrowden Palm Beach counties too. Atlantic Marseille also does expert deck renovations. I'll depending on which deck is bigger. Custom lighting pool heating and exotic water features too. Enjoy the summer and your own backyard call Atlantic Marseille today. 1-800-558-883. That's 1-800-558-883 Atlantic Marseille truly is a pool's best friend. This is for 20-562. You way yeah. The best deck. Back deck. Back deck. Alright. Back deck. Back deck. The world is ours. Back is little boy. I get bendy thingy once. The statue's down. The dumbest gun. And now every corner has a shabby run back deck. Most of them are dead back deck. Shot 40 minutes back deck. Alright. That oil flow. We just got price and cast down low. We're giving him a taste of the vodka sieve. The cracker, barrel in an apple's bees back deck. The gork and water is one back deck. We only just be gone back deck. The world is ours. You know I'll have a bag of deep fried kitty toes to go. Just like the veggies in one more two. There was a whole lot of art for the grass to boost back deck. Grab everything you can back deck. They won't be doing that again back deck. They can do more. They can do more. You know what I look like. You want some water? Oh, shoot it. Yeah. There's muts on his disc or something. I think vodka Brian mung donned. And that's his shame because that's a great bit. I think he was using it to microwave his pizza. Oh, what is that? I don't really see anything but I'm going to wipe it off here with my shirt. Alright. I got a copy here for water tour. Now I just just realized you want to plant. Well I mean I could. Well let me give it one more shot. I'm going to start with the first sighting. You ought to insult fuel really challenged. Oh, let me read this and I'll try to get. I want to read this thing. You just facts me. From the Guardian. This should be on our website by the way, Boner Boy. Okay. From today's Guardian, the written newspaper Wolfowitz says Iraq War was about oil. This is the same asshole who just said last week that the weapons of mass destruction thing was just an excuse. We just used that as a, you know, a means to go in. Oil was the main reason for military action against Iraq leading White House Hawk has claimed confirming the worst fears of those opposed to the US-led war. The US deputy of Fencec could trade Paul Wolfowitz was already under my Tony Blair's position over weapons of mass destruction by describing them as a bureaucratic excuse for war, which I just said has now gone further by claiming the real motive was that Iraq is swimming in oil. Ah, sounds like something I said many, many months ago. Want it? Oh, I, L, and M, O, any, why? The latest comments were made by Mr. Wolfowitz and addressed to delegates had an Asian security government in Singapore over the weekend, and reported today by German newspapers their target, speagle, and developed. Asked why nuclear power such as North Korea was being treated differently from Iraq, where hardly any weapons of mass destruction had been found, the deputy defense minister said, let's look at it simply. The most important difference between North Korea and Iraq is that economically, we just had no choice in Iraq, the country swims in a sea of oil. Mr. Wolfowitz went on to tell journalists that the conference at the US was set on a path negotiation to help the few tensions between North Korean and its neighbors and contrast to the more belligerent added to the Bush administration displayed in its dealings with Iraq. His latest comments follow his widely reported statement from an interview in Vanity Fair last month, in which he said that for reasons that have a lot to do with the US government bureaucracy, we settled on the one issue that everybody could agree on weapons of mass destruction. Prior to that, his boss, Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, had already undermined the British government position by saying, Sonom Hussein may have destroyed his van weapons before the war. Mr. Wolfowitz's frank assessments of the importance of oil couldn't come at a worse time for the US and UK governments, which are both facing fierce criticism and whole in a broad of allegations that they exaggerated the threat posted by Saddam Hussein ordered justify the war. Amid growing calls from all parties for a public inquiry to foreign affairs select committee, an onslaught set of investigations that the UK government misled the country, over 7th of Iraq's WMD, the move is a major setback for Tony Blair, it hoped to contain any inquiry within the intelligence and security committee which meets in secret and reports to the Prime Minister direct. Let's see if this works. I think it's going to work. I don't know. There's UNO's even on that remote. It was like a little glitch. It was a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. I have left my planetges here. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. The war has a glitch. All of the planets in the life. Alright. Had O'Neceia. For example. I read in two votes on a poll, our last movie poll for the foreseeable future, in other words, between now and two o'clock. Which one of these movies did you like the most? And I'll see the fact that the leading category didn't see any of 92. That's a positive thing. Which I think? Because that means that we still have 30.4% of the audience. Well, it's a lot more than that, because we may have people that saw one of these or a couple, but a lot of them they haven't seen yet. Right. So they're in for a treat. Right. And now that doesn't mean necessarily you're going to agree with us. And like all of these, but I have a feeling unless your taste is in your touches the US liven used to say that you're going to find some interesting crap here. Some enjoyment if you laugh a few depressing psychotic moments. Few a drug-induced episodes. Didn't see any of 92. Glenn Gary Glenn Ross 44. Requiem for Dream 39. They all sucked out in 97 totally bogus. Don't be the church we are pointed rounds by that. Okay. We already said that before we took the pool. We knew there'd be a bunch of ads because first of all, how many people saw all of them? How many people in the whole world do things to all of those money? Not even me. See you're supposed to play. About 30, man. Oh, I feel like so. Yeah. They all sucked out in 99. The game 25. Momento 24 no matter how you spell it. Gatica 15. Gatica. Gatica. He was standing right on outside the spaceship. You're in Gatica. I do like Ethan Hawke. He's my kind of guy. Magnolia 15 tied with Gatica. Happy to have seven and a shall agree for. And I'll say it again. If you missed the beginning of the show, I watched Magnolia last night. And we've gotten, you know, a little smattering here in there. Very, you know, minimal. I, for me, I mean, maybe you like vanilla ice cream. Maybe you like butter pecan to me. It's bland boring, you know. I like a rocky road. I like fish food. I like, uh, briars, uh, score ice cream. Oh, why am I saying this? I'm on the mood for it today. That's good. Do you know what's really great? I could at least it's working for me. And I have been eating quite a bit of crap like any early afternoon after the show ends. Because that's, but when I had that bacon, you know, a little order of bacon in the morning before the show. Which I make it in microwave. Uh, it seems to like help my blood sugar tremendously. And they always say if you eat breakfast, if you like balance your food after we make it right. Better for your blood sugar. That's a trot balance for life's head. He's right. Oh, let's do this pop balance for life then right now. No, seriously, they know their crap. That's why balance for life works because it's based on the zone diet and based on keeping your balance of your blood sugar, you know, steady throughout the day, which is why they have five feedings on your foreign balance for life. Your little black sack which they deliver right here door every morning by six a.m. That your work at your home or if you want in there are five feedings. Three delicious meals two are great snacks and it'll keep you full all through the day. So you get five times the eat through the day keeps your blood sugar nice and even keeps the weight pouring off your body because there's nothing fattening, nothing with a lot of refined carbohydrates. And it is delicious. Everything is fresh and great. And you get two choices for every meal and snack every day that you're on a program. And you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money. And you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money. And you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money. And you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money. And you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money. And you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money. And you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money. And you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a lot of money and you get a It was for the first time, but I think we're getting a little bit. On four I'm of the producers of the Act war, all awful it's achievement, all the rotors, all the TS was 9 or 11, solid sear yes I was very busy and I was 320 players as my show goes type of child is five almost Mel Gibson, as our glorious and fearless leader for life, Those bastards, To the kids I'll reach home at another time, yes, or I'll pick my face blue. The officer time for me to leap into action! Stop right there, you old duers, you two later, Gloria's leader, The villains are down, they're not old, Jump from way towards those angels, there is a grotesque justice! The old, the facts and every detail, Carefully calculated to keep you a muse, Wish 9-11, our fearless hero, only on showtime. I hate it daddy, daddy, daddy's sucky, my short fan, pity it. Daddy, your loser. She was living here forever, and she's daddy's little girl. I would back home in my pants. I got from the train, I'm lying. I think mommy treats on you. I think mommy treats on you. I think mommy's lying, isn't it? After that time, I'm praying, The second little wife lies all over the world. I'm driving my own man, I'll be here. Daddy, why don't you get a job? Daddy's small like me. I'm dropping out of high school. Daddy, I'm pregnant. I don't know who the father of you. I don't know who the father of you. After turn, chicks are now. I drove the car into a tree. Can you just send me some cigarettes? What a hot kiss is it? Hang out, monodose, for the bright brown. Daddy, I'm getting married again. Daddy, that's my ass. I think I have siblings. I think I have siblings. I ask me why don't they get me and I said I'm not true. I got them there, I got them there, I gotta go. But I'm always in the mirror. Hey, pop. We're moving in. And butterfly kisses. Dad, I ask news. I'm a lesbian. There's a man who's in my family who's somewhat hot to please. My mother is as wild as I can't deny. Somewhere in this evilness, there's a goodness I can find. Waiting down inside of Daddy, oh. Strangely, so kind. Strangely, so kind. I just know that I'm a man who has a place with all those other broads. And torch down her house, and they shut my mouth. And I doubt that special many nights, and trouble with police. Who did a 30 years in a better situation rate? I know I'm a little man, we need one feet of pain. The sacrificial gift for a sacred worship thing. But they're happily prepared in the middle of the world. Who tried to shoot me twice, but we say a nice happy father's day. Happy father's day. Hey there, people I'm Bob and Brown. The sea on the cutest boy and down. My car is fast. My teeth are shiny. I tell all the girls they can kiss my dining. Here I am at the famous school. I'm breathin' sharp, and I'm acting new. I got the cheerleaders here and once they help with my face. But they're the two of the worst. And maybe they're all me. But all of my life, I am the American dream. I do not think I'm too extreme at all. I hand some son of a bitch. I'm gonna get a good job and be real rich. You know, you're a good girl. Women's whever they're so, it's game-free. But all the cross-permission. I tell you a peaceful, I was not rich here. I got this date by the name of the singer. Some emails, some speechmen. All you're trying to make is say, I'm a man, she had the ball in a nice but she never picked. I guess it's still the best, but now it's huge to quit. Oh God, I am the American dream. But now I smell like a bad boy. And I'm a peaceful son of a bitch. And my lawyer, a lady, I don't know which. I want no one, no one, no one. So in what we're now, and bought me a laser suit. A jingle my change, but I'm still kind of cute. Got a job doing radio, come home. And none of the jobs can even tell I'm a little more. Eventually I'm being a friend. For the drip it along, it's as now. I can think about an hour on the tower of power. A long as I get so little gold, a child will roll, God, I am the American dream. Where the spindle of my blood till it makes me scream. And I'll do anything to get a man. I'll do it with night's tears, thank you, friend. Oh God, I'm so fantastic. Thanks to a gritty, I'm a sexual stastic. And my name is Barric Brown. I'll watch you now, all through the, And my name is Barric Brown. Watch me now, all through the, And my name is Barric Brown. I'll watch you now, all through the, The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dumb and people will go. With the gas that we sold him, For first time a gresser nation and the only one that's going. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing. Forget about Korea. The nook they're toasted at the right wing. It's filling it over and over into our head. That Iraq has some. And the past destruction. For the, For the, For the, For the, For the, For the, For the, For the, For the, For the, For the, For the, For the, For the, For the, For the, For the, For the, I hide, table partners all are standing, but I know being a cattle don't have any reservation, without a provoked Babylon's world and my allegiance. Old regime must fall, and have a virgin installed, with no objection at all, till the crepto have the falls and the right. When is drilling it over and over to a parade washpan? I rack past up. We've made the fastest ruckshaw. Oh, we're finally a blackness of we've made the fastest ruckshaw. Alright. Will's the cause of Monica's vagina. She lets out a gigo. When he makes a wiggle, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind, but her cigar and her vagina she's all mine. When he don't know where her stow gigos, I can see how there was some confusion between humans or and human horror. And then I can saw the term cedar box, means saw her naked. Stars reportedly to go in blind. Sports work? That place in New York was working hard. Late nights in the ovary office. Working on a practical joke. It took a mac and noodle, put an explode in, loaded for Monica with blowing rings a smoke. Bill's a guy's in Monica's vagina. She lets out a gigo. Every time he makes a wiggle, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind, but her cigar and her vagina she's all mine. Before people feel that Hillary's been, made a fool of by her husband. Feel that Hillary was wrong. Up in the linking bedroom she was mowing, mowing how far was doing her with bills all gone. Bill's a guy's in Monica's vagina. She lets out a gigo. Every pregnant time he makes a wiggle, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. You can do it in the behind. Nobody's a car and her vagina she's all mine. Back then. Before Candy is taking her to the house. You can't touch master is faster. Oh yeah. What's she got to do is take a tip or reload. I said, I quit in a friend. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. There you go, Vicki. All three of her requests in the first segment. How do you like that? Oh, we greater what. So anyway, how's that pull coming? Didn't see any of 104, the elistimobies that we have that we've been talking about and are raving about for days on end. Larry Glideros 54. They all suck 46 phony votes for that. 46 phony ones. Wreckly and for dream 39, the game 31, Ma'am Mentou 25. A lot of people probably like it a lot but they forgot. Gyateca through our 18 magnolia 17 happy to say, It's a chalagre 4. I'm really amazed that we have four people out there who lost a saucehell grave. That was going to happen. That isn't encouraging. Now if we can get magnolia up there a little bit. I'm telling you go out and get it today. That's our selection. We urge you. We will be teaching you about there. Although set aside about 15 hours to watch it. Ten past 1 is 560 WQM. The WQMets are a big Wednesday, one to two bits hour. We got the Mad Dog at two. We got the Humper from New York from the US, the Obama, 4 to 6 30. Then we got that Marlon's crap, any K-Fall on the baseball game into a Mark overnight, two to five and a AM. Barbecue's galore is unbeatable. They've got a phenomenal selection of grills. They you cannot and will not find any place else. And prices just be uncompared. This week check out the Requitable Deal on the three burner barbecue chef, only a $199 box at Barbecue's galore with 42,000 BTUs, a 625 square inch cooking area, and a built-in hood thermometer you just cannot beat this deal for a propane or natural gas grill. Out for your traditionalist up there check out the beef master charcoal grill, only $199. With more than 600 square inches of cooking space, cast iron cooking grills and adjustable fire grate, and a full with ash catcher, both these grills make a perfect year for fathers day two. And speaking of fathers day Barbecue's galore has got hundreds and Zillions of great gift ideas for that for under $50 bucks. Barbecue's galore carries the biggest selection of Barbecue's success was including liquid propane, natural gas, charcoal, smokers, tailgate supplies, and not only they got a big selection, but always at the guaranteed lowest prices in town too. And also take advantage of no payment stimulus case financing until January 2004 on a proof credit. Barbecue's galore you're loving they're wonderful folks to do business with. They have two stores in South Florida. In plantation you'll find them on university, drive it a fountain shopping center, call that location at 9.54, 4.234.400. And Carl Springs there's a Barbecue's galore at 7485 West Sample Road that's right on corner sample on Rock Island Column at 9.54, 7.576668. 7.57668 in Carl Springs. Barbecue's galore, where Guaranteal find everything out of the sun you need for great BBQing all summer long. He kind of gloriously does not he just ignore the mind of cocaine He just died inside the truth that he has ever used to be Georgia dies when he did not let he try cocaine What the Republican say, it is a tendo say in the campaign Georgia dies when he did not let he try Oh, cocaine I'm honored to welcome so many people who devote their lives to the well-being of others to the rose garden here in the White House There are around 5 million hardcore users of illegal drugs in America today We must do and we will do drugs We must increase the flow of drugs into America This will make working in close cooperation with Mexico at priority And we and radically disagree with those who favored respect for law, respect for others and respect for themselves We also recognize the benefits of alcohol abuse and alcoholism All the hard burn Don't go, don't go, every time I see Don't go, don't go, don't go Every time I see Don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go Don't go, don't go, don't go My TV, he's President of the Republican muscle business And in our case it is idiot I don't know why they won't want to die But no need to hear There's a problem at the party With President of the... You won't know what I did to go No, no, no, no, no, no And get to we go, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it If you want this Don't go, don't go, it's running to stupid people Don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go Easy, then, no more than me Please, President of the... You don't care what it's all You got to me and buy hook her pro I'm a Christian right, no more than you and I And what I'll call Peter We've got a great leader here With President of the... President of the... President of the... President of the... If you like Mr. Garage and Chuck Ergourge You'll go wait for the new show on Animal Planet Monkey garage Let's show that McStanger is power tools to the hands of Angry Club This week, no one is doing a master monkey Monkey McHenis, only five days at the festival See how much rowing the one ground, holding a weed-up-explicial Wastup pieces fly on, hooking the ground What's in that of night? An instant roll, what? Zoo-woo Oh, I'm a monkey, you're a monkey, you're a monkey You're a monkey, you're a monkey, you're a monkey You're a monkey, you're a monkey, you're a monkey You're a monkey, you're a monkey, you're a monkey You're a monkey, you're a monkey, you're a monkey You're a monkey, you're a monkey, you're a monkey You're a monkey, you're a monkey, you're a monkey You're a monkey, you're a monkey, you're a monkey You're a monkey, you're a monkey, you're a monkey You're a monkey, you're a monkey You're a monkey, you're a monkey We don't know anything, we don't know how Don't brush, I see don't come out here, we don't even wear clothes We don't know what you're crazy, we're not fine, we're not sex-ball I'm a monkey, you're a monkey, you're a monkey, you're a monkey You're a monkey, you're a monkey, you're a monkey We're not a woman, we're a monkey, you're just look to drop raw We don't know what's going to be, you'll have one too We're a faggot And then we'll lay down Student Art but said, watch you, I'll turn red Lord I will go to your Amalki Jesus Amalki We're home, here's the home We're rolling one to B, a dovakgano' horse or cow We're smelly and we like it, and we're nothing you say God, I will miss it! How come do you want a game? I'm azie Come when you bring your dreams This is the dream of the adventure! Now it's my turn, the LSD! Wow! Oh, wow! Wow! Wow! Oh, wow! Oh, wow! Oh, wow! Hello, this is Professor Nogolfo, VJ Singh. I'm the one who cried like a small child when I heard that Anacastorn's there, I was going to plan the previous tour. So, how she did? I did not watch it. I'm kidding, I did. That's a good right? I saw her cry afterwards. This is why I was against this. There was no planning in golf. So, my ring's fitting and going driving, yes, but no planning. Drinking, cheating, causing and some homosexual well-playing, yes, but no planning and a PGA tour. Bad wedding, most picking and written DBB had been, yes, but no planning. Oh, I see Anacastorn sent me something in there of the weekend. Let me read this too. It says, dear but much, that's a recent, not so nice nickname given to me by a group of Aracastorn's damn fans. Dear but much, you are still happy now? Even though I play well, I feel to make the weekend, but at least I play. You ran home like a small girl who got her picked out the port. Pupa knew but much. That's it. This is only slight for her to look, to me, because I didn't sort of run from like a small girl who got picked out the port. But I will be back this week playing again because I know girl find up. Maybe I'm not for confident in my sexuality, but I have time to get the mail, to open this paper. I like a better one than the girl from play. They should play with dolls and make up and sometimes they're other than their tops with a light bulb. Now, I'll be just saying things that song. No, I don't think. That singing is for girls and they're play present from a male can idol. Today I'd like to read a letter that I'm writing to all white people today in the spirit of unity and understanding. Dear white folk, couple of things you ought to know. When I'm born, I'm black. When I grow up, I'm black. When I get sick, I'm black. When I go out in the sun, I'm black. When I go out in the cold, I'm black. When I get scared, I'm black. And when I die, I'm still black. But you, my white man, when you're born, you're pink. When you grow up, you are white. When you get sick, you are green. When you go out in the sun, you go red. And when you get cold, you turn blue. When you get scared, you turn yellow. And I have years to tell my life is when white people die. You turn purple. And you got the damn nerve to call me, call it. Oh, I like to know who won the election. Said I'd like to know who won the election. Count the vote, count the vote baby, count the vote. Count the vote over, count the vote. Count the vote, count the vote baby, count the vote. Count the vote over, count the vote. And the system is presidential, race weekend. Live up in the wonder who was going to win. Some poverty's people went to do their voting, sure. So pound up all the ballots and find out who's gotten more. Those old folks seem to have one thing in common. Looks like lots of them just keep their votes to Patrick, you can. Boy. So I'd like to know who won the election. Yes, I'd like to know who won the election. Count the vote, count the vote baby, count the vote. Count the vote over, count the vote. Count the vote, count the vote. Count the vote, count the vote. Count the vote over, count the vote. The final tabulation started coming in. Then I saw a new splash on Channel 10. Some may repeat for all the given of Bunch. They said they were confused and didn't know which whole the punch. Those old folks seem to have one thing in common. Looks like lots of them just keep their votes to Patrick, you can. So I'd like to know who won the election. Said I'd like to know who won the election. Or I'd like to know who won the election. Yes, I'd like to know who won the election. Count the vote, count the vote, baby, count the vote. Count the vote, count the vote. Count the vote, count the vote. Count the vote, baby, count the vote. Count the vote over, count the vote. A man who put Bush, count the vote. A man who put off, count the vote. A man who put Bush, count the vote. A dare in a morgue, count the vote. A man who put off, count the vote. Count the vote. And law, this is Bush 2056. Wait, wait, I'm your PM. They're hopping in the time machine. Yeah. Well, come along, Jerry. Oh, here's the girl who makes your own WQAM. Right now. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, it's not a matter of time, it is no matter how the time is gone, benefit me. Because he wouldn't shut up and he can't play contestant. I'm gonna be talking over there. Nobody talks when I rap. I raped a new talk. Look at me. I'm hit hit. I ain't no swear. I'm a thing done, Betty. Man, I'm really dead. I buy her any one I want. I don't care. But, please, they make me flip my wig later. Smelly green hair. I got pided myself. It even happens to the grapes. Once one said you get out of here, whilst we break your legs. So now I sit by the pool. Life's as good as it gets. With my pallid and cocktail, praising bets on the jeans. Two pallid dies. Paryt dies. I don't kiss nobody's ass in paryt dies. I'll be shurping down the screw kids when I get the jeans. But the cleavage aren't ready with my line green pants. I won't hesitate. I'll be calling them plate. You'll be just a little thought. So what I left this day. I guess that's funny. I want another sandwich buddy. I can do what I want. But the management loves me. Can I tell you something? No, something you ought to know. But a longest time I wanted you to be my own. Oh, you're my type-out. Now I'm straight. Who is he? Who do you know? I don't take no for an answer. What is that? Not you. What happened? It's not a thing. What did I do? It's a toy. What did I do? It's a toy. It's a toy. It's a toy. It's a toy. It's a toy. It's a toy. Yes. I like you when the guy stopped by. For a homer. Do you remember? Do you remember? When you got that homer. A new piece on the block really has small chunks. I need to have no plans. If the fly from a guy stopped by. For a homer. For a homer. I like guys who start it only one is. Extractable they make a wish. Because they get along from my homer. From my homer. Big one daddy stick it in my hand. I gave you a homer and it all began. He had the biggest one. But I ever did see. It fell to the floor when you tried to be. When you un-bid I can't help but want. But it's so big that you just had the plum. You've wet my wish and with that big thing baby. Halfway down my throat. Managed for as big crazy. Now I think about you when it makes me sad. You went away and never came back. I gave you a homer and you wet back home. Monk Holly Kumpin was the size of your home. I felt even love when we paid me a beat. Now I'm a little bit like Alex V. Keaton. What I meant to you I needed to wet it. If you really doesn't matter the size of your stick. No kids on the block really had some of my tiny feet. I have no. I have to touch your flies when the guys die for a homer. For a homer. I said I wanna be having something. Don't want to be left with nothing. I said I wanna be having something. Don't want to be left with nothing. It's time you know the way. Get on doing that now. Just melt me with you. I'm a lawyer, star. I'm a dancing day, so I'm a lot. Find out everything that I found. I don't want to be in the city. I think I'm not in a breakdown. Don't want to be trying. Just find open cryin. No one is just eye-in. Don't want to see kids really so good. I said I wanna be having something. Don't want to be left with nothing. I said I wanna be having something. Don't want to be left with nothing. I'm trying to get over. Get on doing that now. I'm smoking with me. I'm a lawyer, star. I'm a lawyer, star. I'm a lawyer, star. I'm a lawyer, star. I'm a lawyer, star. I'm a lawyer, star. I'm a lawyer, star. I'm a lawyer, star. I'm a lawyer, star. I'm a lawyer, star. I'm a lawyer, star. I'm a lawyer, star. I'm a lawyer, star. I'm a lawyer, star. I'm a lawyer, star. Big screen has a suction as whole. He's just a slightly hitler, and they won't brawnt. What's that? He's pounding on- As old as old Oh, we just took with the central asshole We only think there is love to say It's robbing right away Well, my blow has a football team The greatest in the land And everybody thinks they're great Guys, they're silly The Buffalo Bill's not enough for a while See what I mean? So just sing a little When you say my hand When you say Buffalo Super Bowl And here the death Buffalo Bill Buffalo Bill's The greatest team And the history of the human race The death Buffalo Bill's The greatest team Since sliced bread and canned beer Yeah, there you go And you're jazz up that redneck stuff Illicit that banjo Holy sweet god, listen to that What you say Buffalo Bill's It don't sound so redneck he doing Everybody sing along now Are you Bill fans? Here we go Well, the Buffalo Bill's are the best teams They have the best record of the last five years And they went to the Super Bowl for a lot of times Which is more than I can say for this It comes like a vision And they're integrated Like they really like their uniforms They sure is hell, beat the heck Kind of having a fish on their helmet Because they're not Buffalo whole bills The best football teams What I ever seen And the history of my life They are the Buffalo Bill's The Buffalo Bill's The whole of Jim Kelly's The greatest quarterback of the league Yeah, everybody that Buffalo Bill's They've been around long enough They're stinking rotten fish Well, they're the Buffalo Bill's Buffalo Bill's What would you rather have as a pedophile or a fish? All I'm you god, say I'm part of our three games The different one, not the choppy stand of Comic Go Once I'm the TV show called a cave, Pablo I am the president of the Honduras Miller brightened to my goal company serving the universe with thogies and hoochies since 1998 I thought it might be a good time to come on air And let you know some of the do's and bones of our company I mean this is a bar in the pretty much feast for itself No, you know your favorite rules and regulations apply Not a bright side of the business is a little more sticky man Apparently one of our customers had some trouble shooting issues with a purchasing Made a few years ago Although the 90 day money back here in T-Perry and in long past We would have worked with him on a trade-in Had he not decided to chop her up I thought hey, this might be a good time to go over Some of the rules of the mail order priming on number one And this had always been an unwritten rule But obviously now we have to write it down Don't chop up mob man Is something those wrong with your white-by-mail? Come get the factory One of our train service technicians will attempt to remedy the problem If we feel to correct the problem You know I eat she screams like you'll not stop in Spanish or she's goggles her neighbor or each of her life's hot pocket We'll take her back man. You just basically ping and handling rule number two Actually there's no other rules man. You can pretty much do what you want just each day on the shopping I don't like to get into rules man, but I guess it's how I get into trouble in the first place You know any loser that has to pay for a white-through-to-male is kind of a steamy person anyway Love on duty on door and bright into battle company where our girls are all smoking coming shop But don't shop 138 22 till 2 at 5.60 WCM. I've been talking about that amount just for a very long time I did show for about 100 years and sometimes people ask me if I really sleep on a battle My Chris or right there in plantation acres you find a beautiful mattress from that amount just in fact I've been using their stuff for for years You won't find a company more dedicated than making you a happy customer than that amount just best merchandise best prices in the universe and the best deal on delivery all the way around They're ranked number one a customer satisfaction all it takes is one quick call 1800 mattress and you won't believe how easy it is to pick out the perfect bed for you in your back The expert bed in consultants guide you to the whole process because you talk at a somebody who knows bed He's not just somebody answering your phone ever go to a showroom and the tristart trying to steer you to a house brand or this continued set or Ms Matt or some crap like that not a telematchers They say only the best top quality ceiling Sort of Simmons temper-peated mattresses no sales gimmicks no false promises either and it got to high end beds as well I see these crown jewel line and the top models from every brand all of major everyone at low-unbeatable everyday prices So call right now just at one simple phone calls the best way to do it easiest piece of shop in your level do call 1 800 manpers 1 800 mA T T R E S ask about the cup of exchange policy too if you're not completely satisfied They'll exchange it for you no questions asked and don't forget also you get free set up pre-remove it And get to choose the date and time for the jury that fits your schedule when you're gonna be home Nobody else does all of these things Telematchers the easiest as smartest the best way to get you a great night sleep 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA T T R E S or check them out of the web at macros.com I'm going to the foyo for a car This is the biggest thing was not for me They held a big convention I let me in for a drink I don't like the one I was about to see They were speaking in tongues I felt like they'd be a believer It was kind of fun They just take it out of my mouth They got me believe in my tongue as we live inside the sign They're playing round with fine-out Now I speak in tongues I'm a barricade that's why I got to sing about this flag day The series falls on a Saturday And my biggest special will be Brothers and Stars stripes they're gonna make it feel be Adriatic You know what's so idiotic It's the reason for the ill of the mall What the hell's wrong with this pain Anything we make it sad They'll make it feel the best To find it off the shelves You'll see cars on sale And flyers in your mail I think I got his mail Flag day on our free sale Oh Where the hell Look at the chains that won't stay on Here's the land She got my phone to go to the guy's on But there's a place Roller got hired I can make us grow Robby hide their safe house I can make us grow With my modern duty But where there are bubbles Close and such a tune It's one of those things I've learned for Be it once you've been there How can make us grow With my modern duty The world they're the most Close and such a tune It's one of the things I've learned for Be it once you've been there Be it once you've been there When I first did this BookHavemb in my pocket I think that Regretary you come down to me and let's put things in my head and it sounds so hard but if you wanna take me, you're slow, those things are about me, everything can not huh? I'm on the edge, I said I'm seen, you should face yet I'm there because you could go to jail and let's be my name you went to jail and we she was 25 but she's just a team perfect team, I've been my last three you're dead, I call the cops at night my backup perfect team, because I've had so many you're dead, I call the cops at night my backup team run welcome welcome of my show oh she's so good she'll face you should face you're dead you're dead you're dead you're dead you're dead you're dead you're dead you're dead she's just a team two five sixty w  switch to movies and continue him he's called and and mind. I'm trying to make a list. You know I mean checking in twice to see beautiful minds. And I'll crack it for you. I bring your pardon. I got one last one for you. Okay. We turned to Paradise. No. I saw that. You saw that with walking Phoenix? Yeah. That's the sequel to Paradise. No. Yeah. We turned to Paradise? Yeah. Yeah. On a return to the blue Laguna I'm thinking of. Oh, I'll go to share a reminder. Oh, we turned to Paradise. What's that about? I wish they'd make a sequel to Paradise. That was about walking Phoenix, Vince Vaughan, the theird Malaysian paradise and one of them, two of them leave. One of them stays behind. The ends up getting caught with a whole bunch of drugs that they were doing all weekend. And so there's more drugs again. More drugs. Yeah. And so all that cornerboys interested in movies of what drugs and more drugs and drugs and drugs and drugs and drugs. Yeah, I think that since you've been hanging out with George you'd be a little less desperate. All right. 426 votes on the pool. Some of them for real, which of these will be did you like the best? Didn't see any of them 133, which means you got a lot of good to homework to do. Glenn Gary Glenn Ross 61, they all suck 57. Everyone of those votes funny. Reckley and Virginia 46, the game 41, Memento 35, Magnolia 21, Gatica 20, Happiness 8 and Shadow Grey 4. That's a bad. It's a pretty good, uh, a Schmere here in a Schmere. They're a little sampling. Hey, speaking of Schmere. If you got the head with a big ball spot, there are a lot of folks you can talk to Chuck Alpere, but forget about fast ran. It's not their deal. Sexual performance promises that thing limp. Well, fast drink can help you out. But if you're in a dead end job, this is the area of expertise. Call our friends at fast cream because these people can have you fully trained and ready for a great new high-paying computer career in just four account them four short months. Call them today toll free. One, eight six, six fast train and tell them that that little puddlebacker Todd Dreck toward you to call. One, eight six, six fast train. They have locations all over town. In Miami, Kindle for Lodderdale, Pembroke Pines. So call fast train today in the checklist of one, eight six, six fast train. Don't forget fast train offers you job placement assistance, financial and convenient day evening. We can classes. You have no excuses. No mode to be standing some crappy that end job that pays peanuts because of brand new high-paying career is just one simple phone call and foreshort months away. Jump on that fast train today. Get out of that dead end job. Call fast train toll free. One, eight, six, six fast train or check them out of that wicked web at fast-trained.com. We'll table and rate me. Congratulations, Gettle Life. Hello. I'm there. Oh, yes. Mouse. Oh, Mr. Mouse, good morning, how are you sir? I'm not good, I sir. Oh, you're not feeling well, sir? I'm watching the television. The ABC 50 year reunion special? Oh, what an amazing special. What a night to remember. Yeah, a night to remember for you. How many times were you on camera? I don't know. I counted 75. Oh, really? It was all about you. You make well, maniac. You've only been with a company out of all 10 years or whatever and you're running it into the toilet. What did you think of my speech, sir? I thought I was terrible. You're awful. Why did not give the speech? Well, sir, since I am the president and CEO of the company, I thought I'm... Yeah, I'm at it. Well, we did have some major talent. I mean, we had John's revolta to melons. Mike, Hing Gesicht. Hey, what kind of youtube does he use as a dick? No, sir, so you were saying, Tim, I am on. Is that brim? Yes, sir. Point on on the phone. Rewards, grape, bream, bream, bream, bream. Stop that person. Oh, boss. What'd you say? Hello. What'd you call him? Who's this? What do you mean who's this? Oh, ah, ah, ah, ah. Hey, you don't love me. And I can hear you call eyes. They're boss. Who's your boss? Who's your boss? Your boss. Your boss. Rewards? Yeah. Why aren't you here today? You called in sick. I'm taking some lost time. You know, like, simfoots does an, I'm a, well, PD Blue. Lost time. Yeah. You're working, Rewards. I don't tons of things for you. I paid for your rehab, didn't I? I've a minute to talk to you about that, boss. Catch off a quiet, Rewards. I need a little reflection, boss. Okay, you won't, Rewards. I'm almost done here, boss. What are you doing over there? What is the queuesie? Are you a coosie? It's a view, boss. Ha ha ha. Put them at Grommaniacon. Hold up. Are you, is he? Sir. Ah, you're cozy. Well, it's been very stressful these days, you know, with the false schedule and everything getting ready. I've been very stressed. You don't need a jecoosie in your office? You're terrible. What stress? Okay, the Rewards, Rewards, Rewards, Rewards, Rewards. Why do we have to now? Well, Tim Allen, a major star for the cup of y'all. Thank you. Star, he hasn't even had a show for years. I mean, sure. First of all, it was funny at all, the neighborhood of the mansion. You couldn't see his face and Tim Allen, making all of the proof. Hmm. The chronic noises, but come on. Well, he is Santa Claus. I mean, two hits. Santa Claus movie. Fire him. What? Fire him? Fire him? Fire, fire, fire. Fire him? I'm trying to get to the island. But I can't speak. Fire him. Tell Reemus, it's all for us. I'm talking to him. I'm talking to him. Reemus, Mr. Mouse is talking to you. He's both the same. I'm no doctor. I can't even read. Not doctor. I'm talking. I forget it. I'm going to lose her. Hey, I've got a lot of benefits with my career with the lives. He doesn't get out in one moment. So that's the way he is. Hey, you want something to eat? When you die. Uh, nothing. But I can pull something out of my ass. Damn, Laura. I got it going. I'm starting to know business. You're no kidding. Yeah, I'm going to be a hooker. I'm proud of my mum. Thanks, Mom. Oh, yeah. You sure you're also me, huh? Oh, I can tell you. Hey, what are you trying to do, Claw? Oh, no, no, no. What are you looking about? You just took a fist to a sleeper, Bill. I've prescription you more of. I got him from my deductor. What's that? Doctor, Doctor, what's that to you? Oh, look, my parents are moving his shoe. Oh, my god, this place is a mess. And my underwear's full of like, hot ballori. Now, I'm not a hair, my favorite show is on. We got a loser. As a good man. Move going in this from prestigious, Pokemon Towsman. Yeah. I'm a public. I just like to see. I love the dressing. I'm here, y'all. Oh, no way. Thank you. I love you. Oh, hey, such a free mama. I feel like running to this street. Hey, you. Look. I'm a minty man. You want to make it how handsome you are, man. Who looks to you? What have I been telling? I'm turning it. I'm breaking my highly desirable ass. I'm having a pretty much- You've been thinking, man. You've been thinking, man. Can I have a great day, y'all, bitch? Hey, you minty. I'm a minty man. Take a look at this ear. Can't hold on. We're about to go. Hey, buddy. Hey, bro. Hey, bro. I was on radio. I was on radio. Just so run the tool that you won't see a that thing. Run. The way. The way. The way. I was on. The way. Run. The way. The way. I was on. The way. Run. The way. The way. Okay, low. Oh, good. Good for night. The sight of the stop by. See how you were doing. That guy, buddy. Oh, this is terrible. Oh, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. I've heard my bye-bye. Don't know why you're showing. I'm fising. Don't you chew a man like him for my day. See.