Yes, a buffalo bill. The swathes out in the mill when he roars. But a child he had a pet boy. He really liked to child heavy. And so long that they had a chance to freely see their seagull. Oh, my God, his punch. His tanked over then is Kelly Roar. Oh, they just went to the flesh that swathes the earth's rotation when he roars. I mean, he's running his hair away from the chandelwain in the box. Oh, he's round his hair though when he walks. He's a pretty good man. We don't should think that we got punched right away because we should bring that back out. Play that like almost every day with the funny punch. I've played that in a lot about 400 years, at least at least. 20 bucks from Mad Dog. All right. There's the a football expert. The F. Josh Drapware, the Super Bowl ring on his fingerware. He's got a thing on his ring. For a ring on his thing. No, that's freaky Carlos got a ring on his thing. Anyway, how do you like that? And not that I want to be a show off. I'm glad that they did score those extra two touchdowns. And last those two underception and last minute and a half. Because otherwise, I would have given you the exact score on issue on Friday. And we could have Schmidt can the whole format and just a psychic meal. Every day. Put that misclio to shame. I think that's a great idea. Colin for our psychic progressifications. I gave you a Tampa Bay 34. Oakland 21. And I'm sitting there with a big smile on my push. Minutes and I have to go in a game on. I'm thinking, got to my a genius or what? And then they got the nerve. Like I said, they didn't want me to be a show off. Score those added two touchdowns. Meaningless kind of took the edge off it right there in the end. Nice golf boys. Piece of cake. What did I tell you about rich can and MVP my ass? When push came the show when a big game was online. I George really enjoyed the Super Bowl last night. Rivided because he didn't watch it. You didn't even seem so Indian. Same with national anthem. And what is she doing? I mean, even English speaking Canadians hate her like poison. But I frog. What is she doing down here? Yeah. Sucking out of Quince singing the American National. No, she didn't sing the National anthem. I think that by she sang God bless America, which is even worse. Even worse. Because a lot of her fellow frogs are saying God damn America right now. I said a god bless America. And then they had the chicks with the I mean the dixie chicks. Saying the. That's what I was calling. Huh? Don't you think that's more interesting? It is the chicks with dixie. Cups. They sang the National anthem. They were pretty good. They were okay. We all got a chance to meet them by the way in the old building out the swamp. Do you read the lyrics? So you met, let's see Jessica Simpson, right? Who's actually seen Nick Laella, Shazapina's maybe. And you also saw the chicks with dixie chicks. Boy, are you moving up in the world? So you have time for a small potatoes like slain dine. That needed is most of the rest of us. We've sneaked in a surprise pool on you folks over the weekend. And man, if what's her staring to pour in now, now that they found it. Look at that. I bet you would get up to 900 on a second pool. That's amazing. Isn't it? And on a, especially we had the warm over the weekend. A lot of people out there had the warm over the weekend. So I hear that's what Muff just said. He stuck his head over the door and he said, what else a weekend without the old wicked warm. Something like that. And so a lot of people's computers were down, which cut down on number of votes, right? My was down Saturday. AT&T broadband sucks by the way. I just thought I mentioned that. So does Balsal. And while Carlos wants to differ with you, Carlos didn't get a lot of votes. Which he's pleased with that. You buried him. You even beat me out. Let me get back to the first pool. Get a lot of business take care of here today. Nice going to Tampa Bay. Congratulations John Groen and a boy. What did I tell you? I mean, you know, Brad Johnson. He's not a great quarterback. He's never going to be a great quarterback. But that's not the kind of team that needs a great quarterback. Okay. And people looked at me when I gave the score. They said, oh, gee, would a great defensive those two teams? How they're going to score like that? And when the score was three three for a very long time and at first quarter, I'm thinking, I must be a lunatic. 34 to 21 and a wise up 48 to 21, George. What? See, and then, of course, we got the sour grape mice. There's in monitoring mode this morning. I heard somebody's winters. Oh, gee, it's really the next to the jet's winning a Super Bowl. The worst thing they're saying is that another Florida team won a Super Bowl. What kind of logic is that? What kind of winters? What kind of cry babies, you know? Self-hating. Yeah, instead of like, we're reveling in it. They're saying, yeah, that's not nice. And they got a point there when you came right down or a bunch of mug bumps. But those guys aren't from Tampa, and they're those players on that team. And they don't live the mouth. They do live very good luck to them. They're quite frankly, most of them are embarrassed that they play in that place. But nevertheless, that's the name of the team, okay? Too bad that what's his name? John McKay could've been a lot. Did he die a year ago? Who? John McKay was the original coach at Tampa Bay when they went. They lost all 14 games in a first season. And they lost 26 in the road to the beginning of their franchise. I'm guarantee that if the Tampa Bay bucket here is what has started in this town instead of the dolphins, they've been playing in Rolly or somewhere by now. They've been long gone. Just like the lightning. They've been gone. Because this town will not support a loser for get about it. And they're busy saying, yeah, well, they're there saying up there. Back at you. That's what they're saying in Tampa. And they're not rioting up there like a bunch of assholes like they're doing in Oakland. Where'd he go? I do with that story. Do you see that? And Oakland, they're like a burning car's and not going over crap because they lost the game. Of course, if they win the game, at least they're consistent. Because after they won the AFC Championship game, they had crowd setting fires breaking windows and throwing rocks in bottles. And other they lost the Super Bowl. They had crowd setting fires breaking windows and throwing rocks in bottles. And Strauss starting cars on fire. Vanilized a fast food restaurant last night following the game in Oakland. And you know something it makes me very pleased. You know, the only thing I ever did in my life in Oakland was that gigantic dump that I took in the Denys. Well, I actually took it in my pants, but I'm not the way you ended up doing that. I'm not the way into Denys. But I left them on those soiled underwear. Right there. Yeah. There you go. With this stain and disgust and contempt for you animals that opened, I left you some crappy four-fold pantaloonies. Some fruits of the loom for you idiots. Anyway, can we get back to this because I got a lot of business here. Maybe like three or four o'clock before we kid caught up. Somebody facts is me because they're still faxing. And there are people still hockey me with this crap. Oh yeah. Hey, listen, Dick Fibre. Let me tell you right now. David, where handmade what you think. Okay. I think he wants to represent him. And Brian's here's God. Did I mention that a hundred times Brian? We all love you, Brian. You're the best. There's a hearty's on hundred and third street in the highly. Somebody facts is me. And hearty's made our final. Aren't you embarrassed about that that we had a mistake? No. No. Do we believe that there's a hearty's in highly? Whatever. Now is that forty nine street or hundred and third street in highly? Don't start. I live there. What's upon the time? That amazing. I live right next to a mimey lake's house. That's not different streets just to be assholes. Yeah, because nobody in this town can get along. So we're going to call it a hundred and third street. Uh, no, that's the county that calls a hundred and third. But in the city of highly, where everything has to be different as in the country. It's forty nine street. Right. So that's one of the good things, especially in a tourist tower, you got a lot of people are lost to begin with. And then come and look in for a street. Is this forty nine street? No, well, it's really hundred and third street. Oh, well, I'll go off fifty four blocks and see if I can find it. In addition to which you're visiting this town. What are you doing there anyway? Let's throw coral gables and mimey lakes in there. Just for good. Moral jables. Oh, you don't want to be there. I don't. I don't understand how anybody finds anything in the gables. Do you? Only if you live there. You know your way or I think that's the idea. Yeah. I think it's a plump. Right. So I think it's a lot of the day. A lot of the day with your ducks and your pickup trucks. Anything else that rhymes with those things. In fact, even the aphlect duck they won't live in there. A lot of blue noses in this town. Which And where the appurse did you know that where they poorest. Major market in America. Let's hear it. We're always leading in some crappy categories. There's another one. Bob Herbert's got a column on that isn't the New York Times, which is on our website today. On our very very informative website. Thanks to Carlos. And Eric who is working on it. Don't start. Don't start. It's a Monday. It's a day after the Super Bowl. I know. You started. No. You're starting. It was for our. Up there. Which I. A fact. Tim a thing on Friday. And he did. Good job. Again, this new poll up there real quick. We love. And he also mentioned a couple of cost of things about Carlos. No, he didn't do that. Ten past nine at five sixty WQM happy Monday. He's a baby. He'll bring in a coinage man. Mad dog work. Come eating. He is. You heard that. The whole world was the witness. That me twenty bucks right there. And he's not that we're gambling illegally by the way. Because we sure wouldn't want to do that. Like everybody else does. I think George is probably the only person in America to have a bit on the Super Bowl game. And the good news is you don't have to watch it. To have a bet on it. Right. Want a bet. Ten after nine at QAM. Hey, are you still sleeping in the same old mattress you've had for years and years and years? Nothing's got a bigger impact on your life every day than a great night's sleep. Believe me. Call 1-800-MATT-RES right now. And you'll have a great night's sleep from D'Alamatras for a long time to come. I call 1-800-Matras anytime I need no mattress. It's an easy thing to do. It's the smart thing to do. They carry silly. They carry sort of Simmons King coil. Every size and style ever invented. And you'll have 30 days to tread out in your home with the best cover to change policy ever invented too. Some places make you sleep on your new mattress for at least 30 or even sixty nights before I can exchange. If you're not comfortable after the first night, you just bought 59 more sleepless nights with those guys. They'll charge you for restock. We delivery you'll pay full retail prices on exchanges too. Not when you do business with D'Alamatras. For real, comfort and no hidden charges of extra fees call 1-800-MATras right now. If you need an exchange, you can do it anytime within their 30-day comfort exchange period. No hassles at all. If you like to shop online, check them out at mattress.com. It's the website for D'Alamatras. If you want to see it before you buy it, mattress.com's got pictures of the mattresses. The expert bed of consultants suggests. So make the call right now to D'Alamatras and enjoy a great night's sleep for months and years to come. Call 1-800-MATras-MATT-RES for D'Alamatras. The answer for a perfect night's sleep. Be sure to tell me that fat boy told you to call. My life is low. This is 4-3-0-5-60. 2-3-0-5-60. Play all of the... Play all of this. Oh! Over the past few months, I noticed that was losing some hair. So I talked to my doctor and he told me about rogue game. I asked him about propicia, but he told me since I'm on the antidepressant paxil. Propicia might not be a good idea, and paxil caused a sexual dysfunction. So I take my aggra to counteract that. But that causes me to feel nauseated, which is why I used to say an acid, which works well for that, but it doesn't work for long enough periods for my heartburner acid reflex. So my doctor told me about prioriosec, which keeps me awake. So he gave me zanics, which I started taking too much of, and that kind of worried him. So he weed me off that, and put me on trasodone, which is not really a sleeping medication, but it works like one anyway, and it's none addictive. It also causes headaches, which is why I take my eyes. Bias works differently than any other antideflammatory, and lasts up to 24 hours, and that can be a huge pain when it hurts your stomach like it does mine. Not nauseous, just sharp stabbing pains. I'd recode on fix that, but boy does that make me nauseous. So now I reach for new mafelets, mafelets is scientifically designed to stop nausea instantly. New mafelets, faster doctor. 9.16 at 5.60, WQAM. So we got that straight now, hearty's in highly went out of business couple years ago. So guess what? Miss Miss Marty, cancer, whoever you are at there wrong. Always try to find a mistake with us, okay? And give them a score almost right to the point, right to the exact score. And they're still looking for mistakes. Here's John and Portsa Luceus, says also do the same thing. Union 76 gas stations are in many of these circle cake convenience stores in Martin and St. Lucy counties. Do we care about Martin and St. Lucy counties? No. John, we appreciate your list, and we love you very much. We think, especially if you don't know a Greg, but the fact that the matter is we don't care about Martin or St. Lucy counties. Sorry about that, John. Do we have union 76 here? No, we stand right on top of it. Okay, here's the pull from Mo Friday, the first one. I think I did the right thing by shfoot canning it right away, because you people want to carry that thing on forever. I might have less to been a pretty good topic, but let's face it. Younger demographics, the one here is talk about places that no longer exist. Living and breathing young people under the age of 100, and let me ask one other question, George. Who in their right mind, what person under the age of 100 wants to hear a bunch of fat old guys talking about sports? Well, I'm not hungry going to give me. I mean, let's get serious. Anyway, what's your favorite soft Florida business that's no longer around? We asked and we carried this on for a day. We had the pre-lams, and this was the run off on Friday. And then I got home Friday afternoon. I said, okay, well, we got almost 800 votes under that's enough. Schmidt can it? And I facted over a much more provocative and much more interesting pool to Eric especially, and I thought we all seem to be falling on our face around here since Mohide Town. But anyway, what's your favorite soft Florida business that's no longer around? Eastern Airline. By the way, did I tell you Bobby Mandero stating was bogus while I was showing what I'm doing? Did I say that? It was, because once the show ended, those people all went away. Eastern Airlines 87. And I think that's a good, I think this turned out pretty good. Six facts that land is water park 81. Lot of pedophiles used to let go over there, watch those little kids sliding up and down on it. Bobby Mandero Stadium, which was bogus away through that 65 or like all crank. Sunrise musical theater 55? See what I'm saying? These make sense to me. Topless car wash 41. Playboy Club 38. What? Natural Brillo. Playboy Club 38? Don't tell Janet. How do it sportatory? I'm 36. Wolfies 33. New England, oyster house 32. Sambo's 29. Jordan Marsh 28. Povernex 21. Who knows pizza 20. J. Byron's in Burton Jackson and Walmet Co. Theater's each had 19. I have no idea what the trash would J. Byron says. Maybe somebody will tell me but I doubt it. Malibu Grand Prix in the incredible universe of 17. Pitches 16. Am I the only show of the appearances that we did at Peaches and the shows that we did there? It said it went so on. Yeah? They're all gone. They're gone. They're done. Sad. Fennito. I have an unspent gift certificate to Peaches. Oh, geez. I got a 40 dollar gift certificate from Houston's from my two years ago. I think they'll still take it. I love Houston's. Houston's is still on business, by the way. We don't want to do the Houston's. What you did do? See, say me. Well, with that seafood place. Let's say me. Ha ha ha ha. Well, see if people would keep us informed what's going on. I'm not blaming you. I'm blaming Adam. Okay. Let's play mad. Let's play. He's usually too nice to an impasse. I'm already this morning. Somebody said it to me. Yeah. Well, he, if he would let us know what else going on with these things. But of course, nobody communicates with us anything. Everybody here's in the goddamn vacuum in my right. We're in a vacuum. I think this place got struck by the worm. Morrison's had 14 wags and doll house and shaky's each had 13. Hardies 12 and there are no more hardies in South Florida. Okay. Ten rods 11 and of course that debates still goes on. Okay. We'll get right in here again. He was foaming it to mouth about that. Talk about a militant spick. I don't still dare to run South beer. Or was he saying the opposite that the sign doesn't mention Penrods? Whatever you two guys were talking about. This game baby Street Guys, Pitches had he said seven. And heading ways last with six. Now do you remember on the runoff ones? I remember that my way said low. He votes you right. Although maybe heading ways compared to these other ones. But you're right. I'll what they do that. And Eric there's only one him in Hemingways. I don't want to get picky with you. There's only one him. Just to produce to keep it on his toes. Okay. And if you can keep Eric on your toes. That's quite accomplishment. Can't you seem like tiptoeing right across this computer. Not a straight man. Well, too late. Because we got a new poll up there. Which a lot of people. The votes are pouring in. Look at that. 959 votes already on this thing. This was like an afterthought. But to me a lot more exciting than businesses that have been in business for like 500 years for us old parts. And let me say it again. Who wants to hear a bunch of fat old guys on a radio sitting around talking about ball games that they can't play, you know? I'm not really heard about just stuff guys talking about ball games. They can't play either. Talking about the same nonsense, the same crap. Ponderous over and over. Oh gee. You think they've won? That's going to get a message from John Groot and hear that. Yeah. Are we going to hear it? I mean, the next football game is an until August boys and girls. Am I right about that? August. Augusto. This is still January. Probable. Like I said, the next football game that anybody cares about isn't until August. 959 votes on his second pool. Here's the pool. For those who missed it, that we may have like sneak this by and without when you weren't looking. Neal's rating. Neal's ratings are still number one in men. Damn it. But are down along with QAmen the last year. Who's to blame? This is the kind of pool this audience loves to sink their teeth into. And bite as hard as they can. Here are your choices. Well, let's start from the bottom. We got 959 votes. Who's to blame for the precipitous decline in the numbers on his station last year? Carlos, two ugly to help 17. If he was better looking, he might have helped us out a little bit. Maybe some people would have turned in to look at him on the radio. Right? If we're going to talk about something, and say, you call him ugly. Chuck all the time. So that also kind of like adds to your vote. That's my fault. Because you're the one who invented that. In fact, you're also to want to talk about Mo being a silly old-footie study with bad vercos veins and bad wigs and plant pants. Lime green. Lime green pants. I'm sorry. Doesn't he have Canary Yellow? Lime green amount with white bucks. Okay. Canary Yellow is the mode to do sure at cemetery villages these days. Especially in Bokemon. I'll get with it, Mo. Carlos, two ugly to help 17. The parties over QAmen 58 people said that. I'm sure that most of the markets keep channel and the rest of work here. And they're on to it. Everything's just fine. 85. Uh-huh. All we're fine. 85 people said that. Neil, for seven months of boring bedtime stories 133, I would have thought it would have been more than that. Because I take full responsibility for that. Now there was a reasonably started doing that, which we don't want to dwell on. And again, I had something to do with this nine to ten hour thing. A lot to do with that. But nevertheless, I take full responsibility. I'm not worth those people. It says, oh no, I want to point fingers at sack or it was like Robert Greeper. Or it was me. This one's fault. You know, I'm not one of those people. It does that. No. I take full responsibility for a bad mistake in error in judgment. That's one of the reasons that demographics are so much older. Because nobody on the edge of 100 wants you a bunch of boring bedtime stories. And find out that the world is on the verge of getting blown up. They don't care about that. They want to hear about the super bowl about those nifty commercials. Including the Ozias born one. Nobody talked about that. Did you see that one? I loved that. The Pepsi spot. They can talk about these other ones. I mean, the Yao Yodan. I was cute with Yogi. That was cute. But not even the same category with the Ozias born one. The Pepsi spot where he thinks that he's got his kids and all of a sudden they come out of the fake uniforms and they're it's like Donnie and Marie Osmond instead of the Osborns. And they're like doing their thing. I'm a little bit country and then all of a sudden he wakes up at a cold sweat. And he realizes it was a bad nightmare. And he turns over to tell his wife that he had him. And his wife pulls off the his he's in a fake outfit too. And really inside its Florence Henderson. Boy. It's a great spot. And nobody talked about that one. Well, what can I tell you? Anyway, where did I leave off? Everything's just fine. 86. Neil for the, 133. 13.6% blame me and you're right. And I stand up and take responsibility. You can give me 85 lashes if you wanted. I'll take a like a real man. Even I'm not. Huh? No, it was hot. And you guys see this is another problem in his place because everybody's so goddamn scared of me because they're much of pussy instead of coming to me and saying, you know, I don't think this is really cut. This is bad. It's bad for your show. It's bad for the ratings. The younger people are pissed off and fired up. They want to hear you do your usual thing. We can asshole on here and hang up on people. Which we can't hang up anyway. Now because nobody's calling. But that's beside a point. What? Yeah, that would help. Well, yeah, we can't hang up if they don't call. Well, they're waiting to find out what's going on here now. It's a Monday. Don't you understand you should know by now. Oh, God. Anyway, so I get 133 votes as being the Wonder Blame. But you, it was fairly close to us for a while. But you pulled away George killed things in the summer, 166. B me by 33 votes. And I will say this spring book, excellent. Well, winner book before that. Excellent. Some of them came along. George is on. Oh, not too good. And then we, we haven't come back yet. I mean, we did okay in the fall. We're still number one in men. But not what we would be hoping to be, you know, just because we're following dead air for three hours. That's another story. So George gets a 166 kilodron at summer book. That's going George. He may not be good, but at least he's consistent. In fact, we're going to be discussing it. Why you dislike George so much. Second, Greg Reed, who was leading for quite a while there, but he can't compete with you know who Greg Reed screwed up a wedding line up 237. And we know he did that. I've gone Greg. Keep scratching. And the winner hands down your pants. It just seems that nobody can compete with him. No matter which one these balls we take, nobody can compete with our close personal friend down the hall. He's stupid. Moe, the worst lead in ever 281. That's what it says. Their mole, worst lead in ever 281 beating Greg by quite a handy margin. Two 28. So that's why it came out with almost a thousand votes on a secondary kind of afterthought pull. And they liked it. They responded to it heavy duty because that's the kind of stuff they like. They want to bash. They want to rip. They want to tear. rip me an ass. Okay. All fat funny, daddy. Living in the past, resting on his laurels. See, know if you talk about sports more than there could be some content. We already got enough fat old Jews talking sports. Nobody wants to hear a bunch of fat old guys sitting around talking about ball games. In fact, nobody wants to hear any guys sitting around talking about see that's what really boils down to. They don't want to say that it will run fox because that would be bad for their image. Nobody wants to hear a bunch of pompous self-app aggrandizing giggling assholes like a bunch of stuff a more college kids talking about ball games and shooting it on this and shooting it on it and trying to be funny and ho-ho-ho-ing it up like Tony Bruno. Follow him saying like a laughing hyena. But it's a fraternity so it would not pick on those guys. It's like a fraternity. 27 after nine at five. 60 are topic today is why you hate George so much. Oh, here's a facts before we get to our spot. Neil, I'm with you as soon as the temperature drops to a comfortable level in South Florida. The cysts have been turned to heat up at work or home to ridiculous temperatures so you sweat and the top of it off they were sweaters, caps gloves, parkers, etc. Inside with the heat on. I can't stand it. I'm at work in its effing hot. Love Arnold PS George is still an asshole. How do you like that? Arnold loves you. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I can't stand it I can't stand it. That is why this Swykm is nowhere to go. I move here and move there. We are at the sea of strength. You might as well as the Ambulmueva Strong Survars. Send an Xeera de Ration Sinai Sam and the Undertaker and violate the Xeera Vival in a steel cage dead lumberjack match. Also skaters will appear. Coloracupin mouth and stone dead Steve Austin. On Wingsville. Power. Can you smell what Steve Serenus cook in? Lensonage! Sunday! Sunday! The crowd will shake the world. Will wait. With atomic hunger. Of any anthrax. Big Alkade. I mean Mr. Mustard. And gold. American the world. Heavyweight title match. Shield a sting of a sword loser. In the small box. I don't know. There is no vaccine. When you catch the BBBBver. Up contakers hand the hand. Mortal Kombat. So what was the mass destruction? World Tour. World Tour. This weekend. The budget is going to be a... He's number 76. I'm pretty 2 at 5.60 WCM. I have all those people under that will wait and speak to his George Boatham. Huh? I must hang up on him. Most shame on you. 5.60. 5.60. 5.60 on the AT&T line. Here's our poll for today. What did you enjoy most about the Super Bowl? I'll see that in that there's a suggestion there. It's something positive. So am I not going to dig in at response? Didn't watch. The game itself. The score I cashed a bet. The commercials. The entertainment. Like half time in that crap. The end. I'm bird out on football. Or what's the Super Bowl? Those are the choices. I'm sure you'll be sure in Tom and I told you. Very important stuff. What did you enjoy most about the Super Bowl? Didn't watch. The game itself. The score I cashed a bet. Alright. The commercials. The entertainment. The end. I'm bird out on football. Or what's the Super Bowl? We're discussing today the reasons that the audience despises George like poison and why he sidetracked us during the summertime. In fact, muff was just in here saying, what do you think about next summer? And I said, it can't come soon enough. Here's some rise, hello. Hello, Neil. Our first call of the new week. Yes, sir. Listen. I was listening when you first started reading the bedtime stories. Yeah. And I was saying, okay, this is some kind of joke. He's going to be like, oh. Why didn't you tell me then? I thought, you know, I called up. And I said, this is crazy. I mean, who are you for Harvey? And then, and then, and he had people call up. Kissing your ass and Neil, I love what you do the time. Yeah. Like like George and man Carlos and everybody on here, because they're afraid to say to me, boy, this really sucks. Neil, go back to the old Neil that we everybody listens for it. Oh, and then when George would be the host of the show, he'd be like, you don't know how much time he takes and preparing the show. And I absolutely love it. It's his great. He's just sucking his. He's driving the show into the ground. It was so bad. Now wait a minute. Was I driving or do you mean George was driving the ground? Both of us. Oh, okay. Anytime George has control, he drives the right into the ground anyway. At least he's consistent. Yeah. Oh, I'm glad you're back. Well, let me ask you, did you go away for a while? Yes, I did. Uh huh. I listened periodically. And I said, oh, here goes another story about a priest. Here goes. I read. I read two papers a day. So the last thing I needed was for you to do my reading for me. Right. And that way that was for me to keep reminding and ramming down your throat and the pressing things are going on in the world. If people want to see that thing go on our great website on theorages.com, we got all the importance to raising, including a lot that you won't find of your everything in newspaper. And people don't want to dwell on the negative and get all the press in the informed. Uh, they can go right there. But the radio shows for entertainment. That's exactly it. I glaze over a lot of the garbage in these newspapers that murders the this. Right. Exactly. So I'm not going to be aware of them. Like, oh, where's Neil? Where's he? I need him to call somebody and ask on hang up on somebody. Okay. How's that? Well, he's not going to be upset because he, you know, he wanted me to hang up on. So I'm not going to call him and ask. Well, I'll tell you what. He's an asshole. Just because that's what he wanted. Name is a good guy. He was a good caller and he I congratulate him for having a ball's to call. He didn't pull any punches. He said the bedtime story sucked and he tuned out and I'll welcome back. See, welcome back to everybody who was not listening to it in those seven months because they screwed around with the time of the show. And that's not a cop out. That's the freaking truth. If they would just not have missed see the real answer, it wasn't even mole. And I've category the real answer and they had it right for a while until I got carried away with the anti-mobile business. Greg screwed up the whole lineup. We had a winning formula going here. Everybody was doing just fine. We had gigantic numbers. Things were smoking. And I don't give a crap on anybody says whether I'm doing a show in Tim Buck II or Toronto or O'Kamous or whatever the hell it is in the making difference. That's not what the issue is. The issue is what's it all a boot? That's the issue. And once it about a bunch of goddamn bedtime stories and some fat-old man-weeding stuff on the air for four hours of a day, that's a bunch of crap and if George and Carlos both would have had the balls to say, hey Mr. This sucks people are getting pissed off about this and the audience is evaporating. Evaporating like I'd end condensed milk whatever that means. I liked it. Condensed milk? Oh no, the bedtime stories. Yeah, yeah, great. How many diaries did you have? 100? Yeah, we wish. We wish. I got diarrhea. Yeah, myself. Just from watching those fall members come up. And by the way, Tom Jico, welcome back to town. He was in Hollywood, Mr. Big Shot. He's still writing about the network TV stories. See, that's the excuse. He won't be writing about this book that just came up, which is a big story for Power 96 and also for this midday show. And a station in the rest of the day had the pro-pumms. And because it's after the fact, you know, it's old news now. That'll be the excuse. Somebody please go out and take a photo. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. Now, we can just have the workshop. 560 560, pon 560 on the AT&T and Ferraris Wireless One. Let's hear from people who went away and came back. Which includes everybody on the Age of 100. Don't be a sucking around. Tell us honestly just how bad it was. Now you hated it like poison. Now everybody in town of your friends were saying what the hell happened in that f head or old fag? Anyway, what's wrong with that show? Huh? Where's the yucks? Right? He's a yuck. Yeah. He looks like a- here's for the owner nail hello okay and that's a question for you uh... i can't just when you know that you're stuck in a baronism it's sick yeah back my task can be sitting right in there how come you're talking about religion makes this guy sick the religion makes me sick because religion makes him sick and you know what's your make me sick five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two horizon world let's get these people off their ass here again today uh... these are all people are up till two in a morning either parting or like a threatening jump off the balcony because of a stupid football game last night i got to be honest with his much as i love temp of a winning and i really relish the fact that they ran it up there at the end forty eight twenty one it wasn't the telecast left a lot to be desired i like how michael's lot i love john madden but john madden you know john there comes a time you know by by john when he started trying to defend that business about the one in the free kick there when it was like they had no time out so that they couldn't stop the clocking in which michael's put it up and he still got well but if they throw it in complete pass here they can uh... i mean if that's got to be about the most ridiculous thing ever heard my life and he was trying to make love those mistakes it was an awful telecast and let me ask you this don't we all by no know what al michael's in john madden look like so i think we all know what they why did they not worse all of them do that why did they insist on having to keep sure what's the only guys because the last thing anybody wants is to see some fat old guy column is a football game not you well but i don't think i don't think people are in the fat old guys are doing sports stuff to you no no way and George isn't in the skinny old guys young guys medium fat in between he's sick of it he's nauseated he's celebrating right now George is having a party not a super party really post super bull party in this house meaning it's all over now for another year no it's insignificant i don't notice it it's like another world like what are the you would have like the azios brun spot on that i'm sure i'll five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty in fact let's run the audio from it right here on his show today i think that's a great idea i better hold on the thing let's see what i like the best i guess i like i enjoyed the game was okay the score i cashed a bit not a big bet only twenty bucks with a mad dog it's only but i made i'll come on you bet more than that no why's it kind of be obligatory that everybody's got a bet even though and this is the hypocrisy that is america prostitutions illegal everybody's going out there looking at lead everybody's looking for a name hooker we'd is the illegal everybody's uh... you know rollin a big fat one everything's an end gambling illegal and we got 270 million people i bet you even a little infants were betting on a game last night don't you think everybody's a George because he's just a hard ass that's all he's a hard ass he's always talking about as but he's hard problem as you're a hard ass you don't watch that you're a hard ass you don't watch that why didn't you a carl is have like a gentleman's bet like you know fifty cent do you watch things you don't care about no real you bet on the outcome of things you know i do a channel for news though i watch else i don't give a fine crap about him or you're betting a fendula ray will fall back and her chair i hope he does i hope she falls right off my tv screen that crazy's cackling a day now nineteen ten five sixty wqm as we try to wake up so far to can we do it no no but we're still trying after twenty seven years we're still trying winners here you need all the energy can't if you'll goodness quarter the usual software weather all you might as one product of make you feel your best and keep you in good health all real matters a soft yell capsulet contains lots of good stuff including pharmaceutical and all of all combined with vitamins and minerals and robots to promote health for your prostate for your heart your blood pressure and your cholesterol all you might also got supplements about helping your circulatory system you digestive your end of consistent your skin and your bones even your mind all using the benefits of the best olive oil on a planet and only a medmakes products for men and you ladies out there as well pick some up today it's available all over time because more people are pop in their post and publics while greens and whole food markets only meds a phenomenal product that's helped thousands of photos stay healthy so if you don't see it on the shelf as the storm manager where it is for all you might by name call toll free to get more information about their products at one eight six six all you may that's one eight six six six five three sixty six thirty three or you can order their products on the internet and all you met america dot com get all the benefits of pharmaceutical great olive oil with all you'll made and you'll be helping like those people in the Mediterranean and maybe even have that olive compulsion to or at least eat at the olive garden get some all you might say in star feeling great again always so here all i'm a hungry cheap weapons and spent your party you and i would like to support that means my team of a highly trained observers here in Iraq have a found no trace of an event of mass destruction look at what that take a bit of a mean the vendor life are coming through third one more we see no evidence of a nuclear weapons program three two one five and we found no evidence that said that we'll say it has a look at like a double look on views the two the country he's very helpful he's a fact he's talking to one about his backers now over there by having nothing to hide and over there in conclusion i assure you that if there by any evidence of a weapon of a mass destruction over here are highly trained in the sharp by observers who despot it is so we'll be reporting to our regular jobs and in the field and now back to the one the studio and thank you Hans it's a 14 tell what we're gonna do about those sweets 14 don't tend to taste the big day by the way the reports come down today everybody a passing big time gas tomorrow we got the state of union address which my feeling about that is just like years about the superbowl i will not watch i will not participate i don't like to pull me got up there they'll be honest with you it's boring don't you think it's very boring pulls after the fact the superbowl's over with okay it's it's boring here's the results of the poll i just passed there with the new one you're like a lot better here was the one we were taking what what what did you enjoy most about the superbowl the game itself 14 uh the end of bird out on football nine i didn't watch eight eight people we got to watch the superbowl out of 43 what kind of audience do we got out of 52 we got uh nine the game itself 17 the end of bird out of football 11 a commercial's nine i didn't watch eight the score i cashed about four cashed about what's the superbowl two and the entertainment like half time it said or one they probably miss a leanedy on singing god bless america they would like a lot more not and who gives a crap about whether uh shenaya twain was lip-syncing or not who cares i heard mogul and i'm about that when i was monitoring him this morning who cares she's great anybody starts locking shenaya twain i'll tell you right now he's an asshole right when you agree the question is unanimous on this show we love shenaya twain things we love shenaya here's the new poll George why do you hate George so much and we've got seven choices see he likes this his face just lit up like a honic a bush seven choices i don't i love George too much religion talk too much eating ass talk too much mumbling he's an anti-semite he's boring ishmit or he's an asy little spick i think that what all of you know he can't be all of the above because it's the first one as i don't so don't think of me this all of the but don't be messing with my poll okay first regret messes with my time slot and now you're trying to mess with my poll we should and you know who i blame normal can't that's why blame i'm blaming him right now how could you possibly have allowed this creature this man is treating with that holy keepscratchin is head which is why his hair is all fallen out among other reasons how could you have allowed him to dittle with success tend to two man it's like an american institution it's like the liberty well and philosophy okay so if i have a little crack problem it's an america it's like Niagara falls on the american side an institution like old yellow stone old yellow stain all of these things and Greg read comes along man trying to siphon again you know that's that is why we're doing uh in those four hours let's make a part of morning drive let's go stand up a little let's put him in the afternoon for a couple of hours and our program director after his unsuccessful debut of penis talk last like he's talking let's put the alarm from six in the morning till seven and night that's his that's his solution you could do it yeah once one day one day so now let's get that new poll up there the other one the other poll sucked where how do i come up with some crap like that i'm embarrassed in fact that's gonna be the forest poll which is more embarrassing meals first poll yesterday or those bedtime stories uh i like that see i'm not i have no problem with that i can handle it i still get paid the same either way and by the way where's those bonus checks aren't you getting yours today clear it's told me that they was bonus check day you're not getting yours not today how about the contract not today oh man we're picking on poor George who's already so put upon by this place with a tweet him like garbage like human excrement like animal excrement like something that you'd sweep out of it from the zoo in one of those cages that were it smell so bad like at the swapshop remember those remote oh yeah fun with those elephant days man oh god i'm sitting up there where it's the the mixture of the saw best in the elephant crap and we're sitting up there and they got the flood lights turned on on purpose and they're sure of nick in the press didn't his hand in the background cackling like a couple of hands because they thought that was a Gilbert cackling and I also him because they're enjoying our discomfort especially mine that's what those appearances at the swapshop used to be all about but we sure love the merchandise though five six seven oh five sixty and the crowd pound five sixty on the AT&T line here's Carl Springs hello yes sir uh a couple years ago you had like in December I think it was you went to a deal you could only communicate with you by facts yeah about four weeks and so that was actually entertaining however I did go away during the bedtime story good for you for coming back thank you all I was never a fan of George's in the past I look forward this past summer to listen to him he was when they run for four hours right see there's not a look forward to you George so uh I mean I did a the show is much better with the colors whether whether they could have bad if that's always was part of the entertainment that I enjoy exactly thank you so much sir and have a great life okay okay see there's a guy's honest we don't want no beaten around the bush today we want honesty so I screwed up bad now there were reasons behind it but I'm gonna even get a blame anybody else I take the four responsibility upon my slope old aging shoulders okay I'm not like one of these finger porters that's always looking to blame somebody else always got the finger up and here and which way can I point it who can I to at whom can I point it must be exact this week maybe it's Robert maybe it's Carolyn maybe it's the beast that fat little unprofessional piece of pud who can we blame it on this week right and George takes full responsibility for being a talk into much religion to much eating ass mumbling being a virulent anti-sumite and being boring and being an ass you little spick all of these things most of the new poll is up let's see what can I get a put on there you'll never know 560560 560 see I'm not gonna do that anymore I'm gonna wait here's Del Ray B. Chillo hey Neil yes sir you know you make some great points that guy is this guy doing for me I agree with what you said about you know looking forward to George this last time because of the reading but but at the same time you know George this last time also had his nuts guy cut off by not having a contract and you could tell during the show that there was a lot of stuff that he wasn't talking about that the people loved here you know the inside stuff yeah that was going on and he was you you talk about specifically about the mold business I think is what you're talking about yeah yeah absolutely how I'm trying to get him canned and it went through that whole sazer where like he was on the air but he really couldn't really get into it of course I'm going to play the race card and try to get me can yeah oh sure and the old day but all that was such great radio you know but yet you could tell it was kind of like the episode would be so too how the radio station didn't take advantage of the fact that they could have put him back on the air you'd lies the you know the whole thing and it would have been great radio you would have been for was talking from president would have been good right you know and they didn't take advantage of it everybody shut up and they freaked out you know and they didn't take advantage of what was there and as far as George and his personality you know I think he's just kind of bitter from doing the job for a long time you know what he takes the call sometimes he just like so sick of a clap you know you got some more on the other and the line and you're trying to get something going so if you have trouble with George as though he takes it personal I've been telling that he's a pretends that he doesn't but he does and even if it's stuff off the air he gets indignant I keep trying to tell him what difference is it making you're gonna to say that to say conflict on our holler said earlier you can I can't you get it you can't be fired I can that's exactly what I knew and I tell you what that's a big point you can get on here and pretty much say whatever you want in George and you have that freedom and if you did have that freedom I think you'd be a lot better so they need to sign a goddamn contract right do it get that thing in here now Greg God damn it quit per vacating whatever that means and it's for and the other thing with the I would go when you were reading it you know what happened when you would read is you know I would go home after you would read maybe I'd listen to shit or somebody else just switch around by the time the day would end I'd heard the same story three times I'd go to sit on the crap or read the paper I already heard this four times I don't do what I'm saying on the crap but look how we saved your eyesight for it they're not really I'll stay all of us but I mean that's the bottom line oh man that's from a listener who's in the list of for twenty years and sticks with you no matter what but you know and like I said I you know I like both sides of the story I want to hear the conservative side I want to hear the liberal side so at the end of the day you know I want to be informed but at the same time you know you want to comedy you know you only need one call you only one call to make your whole show one good call and you feed off of it and you can make the whole show the problem is you've got to go through twenty thirty people right and call even if it's a call it pisses you off it's a good call it you go no and that that's the best call absolutely okay listen thanks for your first vacation observations love you Bob I'd be right there see there you go there's I got it sticks with us to a thick and thin although he did go away he admitted that wanted you were going to those bedtime stories but we survived it somehow let's play Gloria Gander and we will survive you want to play that we don't have it I bet we do have it it's a little somewhere somewhere in this room how's the George pull coming why do you hate George so much we know a lot of you out there who don't want to admit it but you do because if you didn't you wouldn't go away in a summertime you go away and droves in a summertime even after the bedtime stories for months still many more one away you know considering how much they were looking for you not reading and of course he would have been reading thank god he doesn't read well because he would have been reading can you imagine the number you would have had if you would have been reading what number oh my god I think would have been a big thirty six votes so far he's boring his Schmidt 16 see I voted he mumbles I don't I love George 13 too much religion talk to too much mumbling to one of those is mine he's a national spik too he's an anti-semit one and too much eating as talk none so what is that way why don't I love George why not just I don't why do they have to love me instead of hate me why can't they just be ambivalent do you think anybody's ambivalent about you do you think anybody's ambivalent about me no no I don't I don't think so what we could we could also play if it'll make you happy what what's he falling on a floor about he got to he got the joke what joke you said is anybody ambivalent about you know what you see that was ambivalence get it I wasn't paying any attention I understand most of everybody else but how about another category or I know we're like read I mean two pulls in one day and we're interrupting his breakfast read-o feast but let's add on there I don't he's okay oh there you see I'll take that okay there's what we're getting right I promise that's it until the next one I don't he's okay they don't necessarily have to love you that's a good point maybe they think you're you know from some men's men's he's no kneel but they'll take and that's for God damn sure okay Jesus better than some yeah nine fifty seven five sixty wc ever having some yaks here today because the way the world is gone right now better I get him why you can and speaking of that with a new year in full swing guys now's the time to act on a new high paying career fast trade is holding a free career seminar tomorrow evening and it's candle mimey four-lot of ale and temper plans locations this is a free seminar call one eight six six fast rain reserve your seat that's one eight six fast rain make 2003 the year that you're in a high-pain computer job if you're overworked underpaid or in a really suck ass job going no place this could be the most important 15 minutes of your life fast rank and have you certified ready for a dream job in just four short months call fast train toll free at one eight six six fast train that got convenient day in the weekend classes for you one eight six six fast rank call them out of reserve your seat for tomorrow night for directions to the fast rank closest by you just go to fast-trained.com and you'll be on your way to a new high-pain computer career fast-trained self load is leader in computer training five six you a yeah it's that was f***ing great as I'm I was about feeling bad to do. In a twist with feet learned my man friend in the day. I'll just make up with generous something. And then ask him to break my bun. Oh, there's no other again. Though I would not feel the most old. And I would not be ashamed. About a ginger and more gay union. Just hold him and stroke him away. Boy, baby, you're not my type. Just sound like a nine-year-old kid. Only a much or many kinds. You don't notice? That makes me lift my wig. If ginger was a lover of mine. I'd bury my bogus baby now. Inside is a pimply rare end that's the day. No, I would not feel a sport-oing. Oh, no! If I was not a closet of a face. That's why a ginger and more gay union. Would they need a deal, give me a gay. Everybody follow my thousand balls. Yeah, ginger and more gay union. Would you stop? Would make my sorrow pony ass to sleep. If we had a ginger and more gay union. And they wouldn't have to get me raped. M-O-R-O-N. 10-02-5-60, W-Q-M-Happy Monday, too. And you see, look at that phone. Now, we had a couple of people on their way back to this again. They're not going to wait. They're busy now. You believe that? No, no. It's Monday again. That's six years. Oh, we're not going to hang out for you. See, I find this to be an extraordinary opportunity for the people in the audience, but they just even had they won't do. So don't be looking at me about the bedtime stories. Like I said, well, you people basically want me to do a city of big for calls every day for four hours. They love that. See, you're much as safe as I did. Let into that in the first place. Are you pardon? The bedtime stories. What led you to do that in the first place? Right. That, well, I didn't want to rehash all of that, but it happens to be true. Is that I found it to be not entertaining, not interesting, not anything. The city or after he puffed in the numbers all day. Are these phones working now? Or did something happen on the phone? So they're working. They're working. They're working. There's not one call on you now. And so if you wonder why, did only you take some calls, but you can't take any calls if you don't have any. And this is what led into it. Plus the effect of the world. Plus being on the 9 to 10 hour through us, the whole timing of the show off. And the 9 to 10 hour, when 90% of the audience is listening to some place else. And don't even know where on the first place. It's a hopeless situation. Thanks, Greg. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. On the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. Traject, pathetic, sad. And then of course, in Amsterdam, when I'm sitting over there trying to take a member on, I had a rumor call on that one day. That didn't work anyway over there. Oh, you mean you're not going to be doing a show over there? No, it didn't work. That's one of the reasons of many, but it didn't work anyhow. Couldn't take calls. Sounded like it was coming under the ocean, right up the North Sea and into your back. Yes, is what it sounded like. Remember that one experiment? Yeah. Although sometimes not hearing rumor in all that. Pemberpines, hello. Please forget he did her. Yeah, that's it. Next Monday. You got it. Here's the West Palm Beach, hello. You get it. Here we go. Here we go, boys and girls. We want to go back. You know something that's timing this is perfect too. Because this is exactly what I was just talking about. Oh, gee, how come you were taking those calls nearly? Did seven months of bedtime stories? You screwed up the whole show. I can't imagine why. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. I got a whole bunch of bedtime stories here for today. I may have to resort to those, you know. I may just have to resort. Pemberpines, hello. Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir. The other day you were mentioned at Open Park. Oh, no. The rest went out of bed. Oh, no. Yes. Reno's. Yeah, no. Oh, you still have it here. And there you go. And there you go. And there you go. And by the way, President Washington is still shopping down to her cherry trees. Right there. There you go. Yeah. Uh-huh. Now, why would any person in his right mind not want to do this? Oh, look at this. I don't take fashes from the OK asshole from Hollywood. We don't take him. Idiot. Missfit. Mental case. Any woman on a phone yet? No. Living and breathing people. Now, see the credit just called again about no, no, seriously. The guy bought Reno. See, that's what I'm talking about. We could do that forever. We wouldn't have anybody listening. We wouldn't have any ratings. But we'd have colors. We'd have colors up the ass. Then we could do the new neurologist. No, we don't need to do that. All we need to do is just continue with businesses. Just get the, like I said, the L.A. pages from each year, 1941, 1953. Oh, look at this. These people aren't here anymore. Are they? Let's ask. Water here. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. Hey, you follow this. Mary, am I a phone? Take great closely. The one? Mary. Very very emeliphant. Mary. Yeah, you're following a very closely. What do you mean? Very closely. Are we doing a great career? Well, I never try every time we turn around, it's a black thing. And it's worth going to this. Right. And I know that. I know that. And I know that. And she, she just can't do the job. I know. I'm like a deer in the headlight that we got the anti-missier on the front. Absolutely correct. You know, I said, it's like it's like, it's like, Broward County is being held hostage now because of the fact that she happens to be black, which has nothing new with their incompetence. That's exactly correct. I, I'm just, that's better listen to you here while back. And I'm telling you, I really enjoyed this. And come to find out by the way, wasn't just 100 votes. They found in a file cabinet. Now it's hundreds of votes and who knows how many more they'll find the hanging around somewhere. Then they've ever got counted. You know, if you, if you'd reverse things and, and the, and she was white and there was a couple of black people. She had fired, but it was, you know, like the two white guys, she fired that were her assistance. And they'd be a election come on. Right. By the way, my wife worked on that thing. What a fiasco that was. And, you know, then there'd be all kinds of help to pay. But you know, they want to be equal to, but they keep bringing up this is a blind thing. That's a fabulous thing. Now, people are keeping a risk card to turn my S sort of inside out. Okay. Have a great day. So you're hanging with me. Okay. Life goes on. One call I've done aboard is from Hollywood. As it's going to, this catches me off guard. It's got to be the Super Bowl, don't it? Yeah. All the Super Bowl parties. They're all like hung over in your all past and then when do we have to, how are they going to pay off all the bits they lost? Because they've been our Oakland like a bunch of jerks. I totally, I gave you a practical, really, the exact score to gain. Well, listen to me. Listen to all those fat old guys talking sports on his station. Are you on? Redwood guy who don't talk sports. Here's Hollywood, hello. Oh, man. You guys, you guys, you feel just a, I wanted it to make it coming back on. You bet that's the pressure if it's a ball. Yeah. As much as, and I'll agree a lot. I would say you can eat it at 90% of your followers. They do call it absolutely nothing of any value of the stuff. You have to put in. It's still a little bit for the most part more entertaining even in here. The dope stuff that live around here, make their comment. And I love to hear both of yourself and George comments about it. So I just hope you guys can see it in a technical moment. And we will. We will. You'll never hear no bedtime stories on this show again. We're all done with that. Oh, that was an experiment. That was an experiment that was a nightmare. That's that. That's that's that's a good. That's very good. And uh, uh, you fall to be in right. The deal for a lot. We'll see you. Okay. I want my 10%. Thank you. There you go. I want to 10%. That's why they won't want to call me because they all cash based on what I give in the score. 3421. Which it was with a minute and a half left. I had that thing analyzed perfectly. Even though I'm a federal douchebag. And they don't want to give me no credit because they're fail. I'm not going on there. Do one of my 10%. Just accept that. This is a gift. I'm the day of George's crucifixion here on the show. How many of you look at that? Look at the votes for again on it. I told you that other poll sucked. That was George's idea. The other one. No one. Why? And we got the new one up on there too. See, I told you that was a good idea. Why do you hate George so much? Now, what is that? I don't. Eric, can you get this poll right or not? See, when that, when that third stomach and the fourth sin get in a way, he can't read over to God. They're, uh, keyboard. He doesn't have this right. He's boring a Schmidt 53 out of 129. I don't. I love George 37. I don't. And it's supposed to say he's okay. But doesn't say he's okay. 10. Too much mumbling eight. He's an nasty little spick eight. Too much religion talk five. Oh, he's an anti-Semite for and he's a too much eating Ashtalk for it. And white blooded ale's not too happy about that. Do you think after we outed him about that, do you think white is still eating ashtalk? Is he alive and low? Is this about how he likes it? You're a man. The bad day to quit snuffing glue. Watching Trips go make she chill them sweat. Bunch of goofy me heads. Insist our pursuit. One roadie of kid and cowboy boots. When they saw her face, they all got the wordies. They said all I'd raise so much more. They're still getting good. Who will win? Who will win? Making a new wife, who get a whole life, who would he call? It was so much more than the dreams. Just getting to know all those 25 guys. It was incredible. They're all fantastic. One guy tried to buy her love with you, Lili. Others tried to fool her with time, Lili. One guy tells new movies. Another said that, Lili. It's a freaking household of laltine. When they saw her face, they all got the wordies. Now it's an all I'd raise. Who will win? Who will make it into a wife, who will get a whole life, who we call. 10. 15. That was another one. Just ends like a fellow off the edge of a cliff. Clarence just came in with my bonus check. How do you feel about yours, George? Oh, you don't have it yet? Or forl. And he also had a real good idea. Just to show you what a wonderful American I am. He says he asked me about the bed. I made with mad dog. I said just 20 bucks straight up. He picked the the raiders. I picked the bucks. He says, well, why don't you give it to Carlos? He was only joking, but I will. There you go. 20 bucks for just sitting there and looking ugly. And doing a great job on our website. What are you laughing about? It makes more than that at the carnival sitting there looking ugly. And the freak show? Beat doesn't have to work to do that. But anyway, 20 bucks says, so is the mad dog. Comes in which I'm sure he will anytime. Or not. Maybe he just maybe forgot about it. Here's the fact, this is I'd love to call in. However, since I'm at work in some high-rups, listen to you. I can't call in. I mean, in fact, the suction from this fax is so great. I just want to tell you not to be sucking up. I listen to you if you read newspapers. If you just talked, if you read food labels. Or read food labels. There is an idea that we start that tomorrow. No way. Whatever you do, I would listen. Most of the colors are worthless and have nothing to say. Absolutely correct. Go George, keep up the good work. Meals his Laura. Thank you, Laura. You're the kind of lady. You're the kind of person you're the kind of listener. We wish we had 75 minutes of. Don't we? Yes. Because Laura's easy. George? Really? How many votes we got on there? Why do you hate George so much? We're asking on earogys.com. Today we got 166 votes already. This is our second poll. We're going to get a big number man on the poll anyway. He's boring as Schmidt 68. I don't. I love George 43. I don't he's okay. 20. See that kind of like who's jumping in? Good. Good. Any more you might put up there to kind of like soften up. I don't. He's up there. He's not scared. He's weak. He's a nice little spick 11. Too much mumbling. Too much eating ass talk six. He's an anti-Semite five. Oh. And too much religion talk five. I don't understand that too much religion talk. Of course I'm not here when you're on and I don't very seldom listen. Even if I can like in Toronto. I don't turn it on. So I don't know what you're talking about. Listen what I'm on vacation. Neither. Well, what anybody in the right mind. Listen to the radio. Just like people saying, Well, you know, when you're in Vegas, have you heard such and such? No, I don't listen to the radio in Vegas. I turn on music on the FM line. I'm in the red of car. And I don't listen. I'm not going to listen to talk shows in Vegas. In addition, you know what they got out there? On a, on a, they got about 75 talk sports talks station. Oh, oh, oh, oh, at least I think they're. I bet on anything I ever move, you know, but I mean, oh, man, that's because they're only like 75 different people listening. So each day's and got one listener. Kind of like one of our shows five six seven. Oh, five sixty. Tarnished with the sewer of this place. 5, 6, the only AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Port St. Lucy. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Did the day I'm looking through the channel. So my television. I come across the travel channel. And I almost fell off the couch. It was a buffet plate eating contest live from Vegas. Complete with commentary. I saw that. I saw that. I saw it. Oh, my god. That was. And the guy saw it. Look at the way she attacks that plate. The tax of a fee. I don't, I, I, I unbelievable. I bet you were thinking about me. I was thinking about you the entire time. Okay. Thank you. I started this. I'm going to buy it. Danny, wait first. Yeah. I'm great, man. Okay. Keep it up. Sing a bite. Bob Herbert, I'm not going to wait because that'd be reading a bedtime story. But you can read it on our website, Neil Rogers.com. If you click on the stories, maybe somebody can read it to you. Falling into the gap in today's New York Times. I just want to read a couple of paragraphs. Can I do that? Yes. Oh, no. Mine is the poorest big city in the United States. How do you like that? I'm interested in all of this. Poor than Newark poor than Detroit poor than any city with a population of 250,000 or more. Most of the poor are working in many of more than one job. But the economy is lousy in the city is teeming with immigrants willing to work for extremely low wages. Even for pay below the minimum wage. So jobs are hard to find and wages across the board are rock bottom, which I guess you guys don't need to hear that. People are living on the edge paycheck to pay tax that Judith gotty. No relation to who you're thinking about. And that's called the same way. Directed the daily bread food bank. She read loft categories of people leading food assistance poor working poor families. Out of the men and women whose government checks are inadequate. Medley and physically handicapped people. Badered women. People struck me with HIV and AIDS. The homeless. She said 43% of those help by the food bank are children. The poverty in Miami exist in a starling just to position the great wealth. Just a few minutes drive from the panhandling turf of Adolfo Jose's ratio. Which they talk about or in the story. Are the sparkling shores of Miami Beach and a gateway to the pristine and violence of Fisher Island. And exclusive on clay that according to the 2000 census is the wealthiest community in America. Fisher Island. How about that? Fisher Island is off limits for everyone except residents in a bite of guests and whatever employees are need to keep them safe and comfortable. It's accessible only by ferry. And otherwise I could take it there. If Mr. Rizio showed up, this is a guy to eat out of a dumpster. He's having a hard time. He showed up on the dock and tried to board the ferry. He'd be angrily hostile. Huzzled away. And it goes on about Miami sucks. Basically is what it says here. A lot of slippers and a starving people out there. And a people on Fisher Island. Are they helping out? No. All they're doing is making damn sure they can't get on the island. That's what they're doing. In fact, right now we want to start a campaign on this show right here. Right now since we're helping Carlos out with 20 bucks. That Maddox is going to bring in his I1 ad bet. I'm going to take the example that I'm sitting here today and go out in a feed. Some slippers out there. Come on. Get on your ferry. Get on a helicopter. Come over here with a real people with a slippers with a starving desperate people and start helping some people out there. Even George has just gave a dollar to Carlos. Well he's homeless. That'll buy him another half of a tube of maybe one of those little economy sized tubes of toothpaste. Or it's a fiber. Woo! Yeah. Heavy duty. Why are like two big tubes of Pepsi? We need one of those big tip. And why do we? Aqua Fresh is a lot better in Pepsi. One. Yeah. You're right. Probably more expensive. One of those big tip glasses. Like the piano lounge. Yeah. That's right. Nifter. Let's have one of those snifflers man. I like that word. He sniffed there. That's kind of like that's like Shannon. I fall in there. Well it's the same thing. Shannon. I sniffed there. Yeah. Here's Oakland Park. Hello. What have we kind of a waste not to with their down or hands and knees all the time. Yes sir. Yes I am. Yes. Is this one or if anybody saw the news prior to the Super Bowl yesterday regarding the YouTube's pipeline crash and out of North Korea? Yeah. Wow. Is this one or if that was in the news today because it kind of they just kind of dropped it? Yeah. Well did you hear anything on that? No. The crash outside of YouTube's pipeline out of South Korea. Off the perimeter of the city. Okay. Well we'll check it out for you. Here's a fact that says this is a great article about Miami but I have to clarify something for the writer Miami's not a city. A city going to weft is a center of population commerce and culture, autonomous significance size and importance. Granted the population significance size are there but there isn't much commerce. There is zero culture when as far as importance goes. Not out to many outside they kind of read a notice of hurricane destroyed the entire city. How insensitive are you who ever sent this? This is really a shame because Miami used to be one of the best cities in the world. And this is a shame. Hey, man, you know, for lines here today is we continue waiting for your amelization of this past year on the show and on this station in this world. And this guy's talking to me and trying to come out of YouTube plane that legend you see that story? No. Near and I. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. And just like I said, every time you come in I've got my one, my bed from my Med Dog. It's static about that game. I'm in a great mood. I feel like life is almost worth it. And you come in here and you wonder about those bedtime stories. You just have to plead and squeeze and beg and control what is with you people. What are you doing now? I want you to look right down now in your crotch. Okay, what's there? Is there anything there? Nothing. Seriously, what's going on in this town? Makes me want to get on the goddamn plane to go to Toronto until I look on a weather channel and see it's minus 22 Celsius minus 30 windshield, which is like 17 below Fahrenheit. And I'm thinking, no, not yet. No way. What kind of crazy people, I guess people would have to. How do ones that go through? In fact, it's quite a commentary because many of those people are loaded with cash Began a money and they still endure that. They still endure that, rather than be here with our salty temperatures. Our salty temperatures. Here's a call from my spa and be. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. You had mentioned putting out a CD with some of your bits on it. It was wondering if that was ever going to happen or not. No. No. No. Okay. You're welcome. Sure. 560. 560. Do you get the feeling? You really wonder what it is that's going on out there. I often wonder what it is. What is it? We've been doing that for how many years. I'll never know. I don't know if I want to know. I don't. I just don't get it. I mean, you know, that guy was obviously very serious. Right? Don't be scratching that eye curls. You have a, you have a shine around the other. Oh, just like the match the other one there. Pink eye. He's got a mouse on his cheek. That's a, is it? No, it's a mouse. What? It was sitting on most head this morning on the catalyle. Hopped out of his cheek. Here's Bokeh. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. Why are you talking crap about like sports and how it sucks and gambling how it sucks and but you're going to go ahead and make a side there with NASA. 20 bucks. What do you mean gambling sucks? What do I ever say gambling sucks? Well, you always talking about sports. When did I ever say gambling sucks here? Don't I go to Vegas all the time? No, I go to a pop and a park and punch my guts. You're a jackass, okay, idiot. You got a person that was like a dead man. That's another one. And this is a younger guy that's still walking around on here. It died sometime ago. Nobody told him yet. That's one of the very popular phenomena that happened here in South Florida. A lot of people have already died, but nobody's given the information yet. They haven't got the bulletin. And why are you so anti gambling, Mr. 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon? I got no problem with sports. I've worn a jack strap in my life once or twice. Absolutely, the couple. But it's the obsession, the dissection, the rehashing, the stuff I heard this morning from these colors, the same old lifeless 40 or 50 idiots. The same about Dave wants that you take a page from John Grootten of a buddy. He sucks. It's all over, baby. Get out with something. Find a lot of these people going to talk about on this station. I'm going to tell you right now, the colors on this from day one since we came here. The colors on this radio station are the worst colors in this, your manker. And don't tell me about the sports or the old G. They have no problem. Because no, it's the same by the same misfits day after day after day. We got what's the guy's name? We got Jamaica Paul. We got fish. We got squished. We got Mishy fish. We got the same bunch over and over and over again. Saying the, in fact, the one guy this morning on there with the mole monster. Oh, I called her land or yesterday and said, and I just repeats the same guy there. Then you told him yesterday. As if it was so important mankind is waiting to hear it again. Where the hell did these come from? You sneak these in here when I wasn't looking. Thank God, I might need these. I have to do tabloor. Don't read about love though. Why not? Oh, I don't know somebody might like it. Oh, I see what you're seeing here. You see here one periodicals on them. These are not just your generic periodicals. This is sleaze on audio. They like sleaze on audio. They like sleaze on audio. A lot. In fact, they like sleaze anyway. They can get it. Flight six after ten at five, 60WQM. We started out here, man. I felt like a brand new child, you know what? And now I'm beginning to see the same old pattern. We're on us down. And Greg Reed, you're the one. Let's put the figure where it belongs. Just like in that polio. If you eliminate mole, which don't really come because they just hate him on a visceral level. Greg had a mess with success and we all got a pale wicked nasty price for it. And he's walking about, I don't know, I don't get it. I don't get it. You don't get it. You don't get it. We're the ones who are getting it. We're taking it up the old back to them tail. Power. Power. And he six has gotten a ratings party. Yeah, there. Power. And I just six is getting a ratings party down there. And I bet you kisses getting it too. Ah, they're probably going to be kissing cousins over there. We're not. QM's not getting a ratings party. We weren't number one. We were. I don't know. So I can't we just have an illegal and Georgian Carlos party, which I won't attend, but nevertheless, you can have my food. Okay. 1027 a QM. Hey, Delights West Bookers, your mega store for the Actons. That any low carb sugar free died. If you're on one of these diets, here's a store that's for you. That's a whole store is dedicated to you. They got over 600 delicious low carb food products. So join the thousands of travel from all over the place to this one great store. And this week, Try their new entrant with low carb cookies and six delicious flavors. With only one or two carbs per cookie, you'll be in snack heaven when you try them. When you pop them in your post. So whether it's carbohydrate ice cream, bread, chips, muffins, cheesecake, pasta and sauces, Delights West Bookers, the place you're going to love shopping. And anything of the store that you take a look at, they have never seen me for. You can try it before you buy it. There's staff knows their stuff inside and out. They know their pity line you two by the way. Open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10. They carry the most complete line of Actons brand products that are always 25% off all day every day. You know why we didn't see PD here today? Why? He's out selling Paul in young Ron show. So if you're on that, that can's that when either low carb sugar free, this is the story going to love shopping in Delights West Booker. They're on the North East corner of glaze in 441 right next to Boston Market. Call them toll free, 1877 low carb or check them on the worldwide wicked web at lowcarb.com. My life and local, we're sports video 560's you a- You a- Chamberlain rate me. The makers of Joe millionaire comes a new show about 20 women. Fine for the heart of one man. This is like a fantasy country. But are they really after his heart? Faith that he's huge. Like heart is a down after he's huge. Yeah. He's got one huge secret. Joe mega Johnson. Oh my god where is he? Juneen as King Dong becomes tiny Tim. I can't even stir my drink with that. Joe mega Johnson. He's huge. He's huge. 1032 at 560 WCM. Here's a facts from Nelson who says two questions. Does the Mnet radio influence your numbers? The answer to which is no. No. And two, wait and hear this one. And didn't you support Bush Daddy senior before the 1991 Gulf War? Yes, I did like most everybody else after Sodom invaded Kuwait. Because that was an invasion C. He invaded Kuwait, a sovereign country and was also under verge of invading Sodia, Arabia and the whole rest of the Middle East if we just would have walked away. And yes, I did. And so did most of the rest of the world. And now, which is totally separate in situation, especially since during that war that you're talking about, we've decimated his military and he basically has his impudent. Right, no comparison. Of course not. But anyway, that's what you want to know. Interesting later that you brought me by the way, we'll, we can talk about that. Is somebody would say? Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Miami. Going once. Neil. Yes sir. What's up my friend? How you doing? Yeah. The city maintains those streets in city streets. So they're not, you know, supposedly they're not able, it's public roads. I mean, it's, it's just crazy. But people with money can go through. Well, we got that kind of money, man. You pull all the right strings. You know, you're telling me that all those politicians in their pockets, like done Corly on that's right. And that's, that's the funny part that those streets are public streets. So they're not supposed to do anything about that. Also are the streets in Palm Beach? Have you ever been to Palm Beach? Hello. They'll stop anybody in a heartbeat if you have a nice new Cadillac. If you don't look like you're one of the Kennedys or at least know them personally on a very close level, they're going to kick your ass right off of there. Have you driven down, um, bow harder? Done for the shirts and down there? Not anymore. I won't let my kind in there. I had an A3 view at the next stop, me and every corner. I'll be damned. I got two beautiful Corvets. They won't let me in there. Oh, Lord, Lord is Lord. What are we this world coming to now? Exactly. I love you. I love everybody over there. What? I'll see. I'll fish around in a me go. Alright, but when is this? Okay. Look at this. We got 600 open lines. We got one call from Fort Myers. What does that tell you about, Daden Broward? What is going on in Daden? I'm the same old stuff. I'm tired of it. I'm going to go back to reading bedtime stories. Oh, no. Don't do that. They can't, they can't even discuss that. They can, there's nothing to take in discuss. There's nothing that they have to balls to have to make. We had like three or four people there who like, you know, fall on saying and people fly. The people who disagree with me on this who did like it, they won't call because they don't have to get to disagree. Because they're afraid that I'm going to hang up on them and call them and ask for which I probably will, but nevertheless you're accusing everyone of sucking your ass then, but if they call and agree with you now, they're sucking your ass now. I don't feel it. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. This could be the worst response in the history of this show. Don't you agree? Sure. It's like the 27th of January. It's like not a holiday. It's not like something special. It's not like there's, you know what I mean? I mean that there's this is the absolute worst response. Now, if I was going to say, you know, we missed a lot of businesses that aren't in business anymore. We'd have every line by the frustration of 27 years, trying to do a talk show in time. This down. Finally got to me. And for seven months, I sat there. Mumbling to myself like I was going to change the world. Mumbling to myself. In fact, I'm going to blame George for that because he wanted me to mumble as bad as he did. Really? Are you right? Because one thing I have when I start reading, I read too fast because I feel like, like, I'm in a hurry. And I start reading so fast and to the point where it's like, you know, I don't understand a guy damn thing that I'm saying. That's why you liked those bedtime stories. You didn't even know I was talking about it. Because you guys were sitting in here. You weren't paying any attention to them. What? You're sitting here looking at a guy damn dirty pictures all day. I see what goes on here. See if the damn good thing I do come back here from out of town once in a while. I can see what goes on. And Miguel comes in here and he's looking at dirty pictures and Julio comes in and they're like holding up boobs and breast and nipples and stuff. Yeah, but that's in this room. Yeah. That's what I'm talking about. So God only knows what's going on. See, and that's another reason. It's better for me to be into Ronald because then you're in here and he's in there. I'm the other side of the glass. I'm the other side of that. You're in there. His ass is on the other side of the glass. Right on. And I'm sitting here watching. And I'm sitting here watching. And I'm sitting here like, is anybody paying attention? No. No wonder they're not calling. They're listening to George and Carlos and they're going, fap, fap, fap, fap. Like that. In fact, that's probably what's on the air. It wouldn't surprise me. No wonder way these bastards operate. I'm sitting here talking to myself and you guys out there listen, which is probably more entertaining. I'll admit. I got the tabloids here though, so we could be dangerous. Look out. We're just talking about the Super Bowl. Here's Fort Myers. Hello. Fort Myers. Hello. Bad one. The guy. There were this. Okay. Call me back when you get a phone. Because here. Every third word when you get like 50% would be good. Every other would be okay. Anyway, it's been under the pants. There's a rumor. Sam at that. My entire idea that they worked real like crazy. They brought the ice export down here from up north from Toronto. And they worked on the ice. They had in fact somebody told me it was like 45 below zero in the macarina. The other night, which they beat Carolina. Created to an overtime. Nice going boys. And they're finally working to get that ice straight. No, I'm telling you. I don't see these things to try to be negative to read. They're not the mob because it's not an enjoyable experience to watch guys try to play hockey. Or they need to be on roller skates, especially with the all start again come up here in a few days. Oh, man. You think the super stars are going to want to skate on ice like we had here before. Then they got what's in there as big as somebody's back. Back was ass. I don't think so. So I'm just trying to give you some information. I mean, the franchise has been here 10 years. You think by now that have some concepts of how it is. So I put on a hockey game. They're working on it. They're a little slow. Speaking of slow here's Helen Dale. Yeah, see what I'm saying. It's sunny Rosenberg. He's still on a coma. Sunny still on a coma. I mean, be a fellow. Yes, sir. Is this Neil? Sounds just like Neil. Is it that? Uh-huh. You see, Neil, I have a question for your show. I like guys your age and call. But then the second banana is the third banana. Yeah. You're going to do it. I'm a second banana. I see. I understand you. I mean, when you said that when when Dale Evan's voice and if you're up in the inside with P.D. you find how picture with Roy Rogers from this and a guy I would allow. Yeah. Other people would have called it. And that goes right over George's head because it doesn't. Basically a reticent anti-Semitic. No, he's not reticent. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. He should learn how to say words like um, um, trower is okay. That I'll be sure passing along my a pedantic friend. Com trower. You better learn your company. Now, what is this? Is there something going on? I should know about it. Is like the building burning down? What? What? Who wants to know? Doth? So, but why? Let me ask you. Why can't he come in? I mean, I don't want to start picking on him. I'm off because he's okay some days, but he must add. He must add a very traumatic. They view on a show penis talk last night up against the Super Bowl. Think I'm having a tough time getting calls. But we got a break. Come out of here momentarily. Couldn't he come in here like during the break in the discussed that for 20 or 30 minutes? I said, well, until I kicked him out. I'd be glad to have discussed that. I don't know when would he like me to go back to Toronto. What time is it now? When will the temperature get even close to freezing? Would be an idea. I'm not going back there now. I'll tell you that. Minus 22 and a minus 30 windshield. I don't think so. Boys and girls. I mean, what's the sense of going someplace when you're going to do is like stay inside and turn a heat up as far as it'll go and look out the window and say, what days are going to get like to 25 would be good. Or here's the facts about Andy Rodicle. Have to get that momentarily. Good night's going Andy. We love you. Take off your clothes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What was that last guy talking about? The controller. See, one thing George does do wrong and that is put across the old Farts like you from the beach on, but he has a good point that you may good Fatter. Okay. George said, here's a good call for your father for your father. What he said. And I think he had a good point. Grist for the mill. Old crusty Farts. And you can hear the poll of it sizzling in the back. Hey snow and Miami talking about cold while Tom Laman said in Joe Prieto both say that they're buried, not in snow necessarily, but in vehicles. The fact we have said how it so many cars is no place to park him. Even Tom Laman had a park car's in his driveway, so they need to place one in yours. How did this blowing out all the new vehicles? Regardless of profit including the Pontiac Vive starting only 13,998 and up to $5,000 off on every GMC on Boinstock. Plus get you zero percent financing or your choice up to a $3,000 rebate right now. And as always you'll find a dependable selection, a gigantic lotful of pre-owned car's trucks, SUVs to pick from. And if everybody's a dealer retouched, is your credit isn't good enough for them. Guess what the good news is? It's always good enough for how long no matter how bad it is, even if you used to be in radio. It's a winter blizzard emergency clearance sale going on right now at Halipani, GMC, 134.01, South, Xihai, where that's you as one across from the falls open every day, seven days a week. As all, you're that? Oh no. Hmm. Ooh, a big beautiful purple one. As always, say be even more when you mention your Rogers tour, you call. Check out all out on the New Rogers Neel Deal Hotline toll free at 1.5344211. That's 1.5344211 for Halipani, Xihai, who continued when I was probably to the free world and everybody else too. We are professional grace. My life is full. This is 42562. You weigh 2.0 and yeah. Is 30. Hello. Yeah, this is the place that smokes me. Yeah, we used smoke. We got to stuff you got smoke there. We smoke the blondies. What do you have? You got smoke, Pol. No, we don't do it for the games, no. Now I'm saying, you smoke my Pol. No, we don't do that. But not. The only reason we smoke it hours for ourselves. I know, I want you to smoke my Pol by yourself. We don't do it that. No, we don't take it from outside. No. Have one of your lady friends there with them. What? What about your lady? Can she smoke my Pol? Good. Keep it for you. Now I'm saying, you smoke my Pol. No, I don't smoke you. You're hot. 10. 25. With 5. 60. With 50. Just relax. Okay, a little bit too high for a minute. Look at that. There he is again in the doorway. What I said, he must be on those doggy upwards this morning. And her Zephax from our chronic WLL and Del Rey who says, After while I did not like the bedtime stories as much as Neil's use of the story for commentary, jokes and choosing bits to play, I was glad when the cause return Fox News had to be the best of me. That bitch. Jerome again, like got the big paycheck to him. His numbers also dropped. What does that mean? If WQM changes the schedule again, won't mad dog end up getting blinds at again, like he didn't want to replace his info with our David. The mad dog ain't going anywhere. He's got strong numbers in there. We love the mad dog. Oh, right. Go in nowhere. In fact, you know something? Nobody's going anywhere. How do you like that? We may shuffle the deck a little bit. We may move him around here in there. In fact, remember the old days? What, what station was that? Where they used to do that? You name it. When's the use of the... People's here? That's right. When you were trying to like to do to... And you know something else? I want to go nuts about this right now for like the next four or five, six hours. Do you realize cheap 10? Not only are they the bunch of bastards that we know they are, but... I'm in the car. Go into the track Saturday, okay? And this stuff with the worm is going on. The worm. The net is down. My computer's down all afternoon Saturday. What the hell is going on here? Is this some kind of a terrorist thing that's going... Nobody knows. So I get into the car now. Where am I going to get news about that? Good question. Yeah. Where? We used to have WINZ used to be all news. Then once upon a time it became all talk. And then when the clear channel bud, they made INZ like a make believe news at Talk station. And WINZ became all news. Supposedly. A ledge. Was it ever all news? No. Did they have any news? We said in the morning. They were watching a newscast. And on the weekend, pretty much forget about it. So what they've done is they've taken it, which is supposed to be the 11th largest market in the country. And there's no all news channel anymore. Thanks to Team Channel. And what they've done is they've taken INZ and made into what I minor league go sports. That was the last thing we needed was another sports station. You would have thought they learned that. But they don't care because it's Fox anyway. And they just opened up the pot and that's it. To what I'm saying. Cost them. Nothing. You just you can. And on IOD, what do they got? They got a local news in the morning. That's it. And the rest of the day they open up a pot. There's Dr. Laura. There is the big fat limbaugh. There's the Schmidt, myster from F.L.A. There's Phil, all of these people coming through a pot. Are you sure positive? And then that's what they give you. So if you want to find out what's going on there. They're going to find a news on this station. And if you wouldn't know if the goddamn world was coming in. Other than we got a TV set up here that Jeff Cohen gave us. We're so far out of touch that if we had a goddamn extension for our arm we couldn't touch it. That's how to touch. We are. Anyway, WL goes on Georgia was fine. He says, I still think that critics overrated him who would jump. Q sack that Cohen brothers are quite in Tarantino. What is that all about? I read that Andy Roddick now dates Mandy Moore. He says. You care about that? No. I care about Andy Roddick. What's that got to do with the Super Bowl? Let's see. Here's one that says Latin Grammys reconsidering Miami. Well, that's great. Latin Grammys do a lot of talk about that. No, we sure don't. Good guy. That's what we did. Yeah, enough already with that crap. See, see what I've always said about this place in the Wattacrepetition. The same stuff over and over and over again. Keep trying to beat a dead horse. Here's a call from sunrise. Hello. Yes, Neil. How are you doing today? I don't know if you discussed this or something on your website because I haven't checked it out. But the Riley column from the other day about George Clooney. I saw the headline in that, but I didn't see what that was right in the book. I don't know if any attention or a Riley was talking about was the fact that George Clooney said something about Charlton Estin and the other party. Good for him. And they're saying how people in this country can disagree without getting mean, started without getting down, keeping dirty. You know, we do the right thing, but these people don't. Right. And nobody remembers Dan Burton saying up and calling Clinton a scumbag. Listen, for anybody from the right wing in this country to be talking about venomous and all this other, all you have to do is look at Ken's star, for example. You're right. And it's just ridiculous that all you get is like you and whatever few people there are around the country that actually can speak to. No, no, no, no, we can't speak to two because they've worked been working feverishly to try to get my ass off here. So the fact that it matter is anybody to the left of a till of the hung under this new fascist administration we've got anybody to the left of Hitler. They're trying to get off there. They want to sign on so it's because they can't handle it. Well, they can't handle the truth. And I'm just wondering what's going to happen. You know, down the road when the reason nobody like you guys left. And I'll see you'll be in 1984. I'll see you at the Canadian border. Bye. Good luck, yes sir. See you around day. You're going to be the border patrol. Yes. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Let's play the race car. Let's play any card we can. Let's pull one out of the deck. And see if we can't get that prick off the air. What are you saying? Gonna work? No. We're not going anywhere. 284 votes for her on a George full today. Why do you hate George so much? He's boringish mid 166. How do you like that? I mean, that doesn't make you a bad guy. They're a lot of nice people who are boring, which is also a nice guy. I'm just saying you could be any of you both. I'll try to live in it up. Well, see right there. You see how boring I was Carlos? Yeah. There you go. Get it up a couple of locked. It's like, guilty. Look how well he's doing. Maybe someday you could have a number like his. Or something like his. That'll never happen. I'm sure. And you don't work. Not he'll see he's boringish mid 110. I don't hate George. He's okay. 67. Also good thing we put that one in the air. That's better. I don't. I love George 55. See it's becoming a little more lukewarm. Unless you keep putting the hot water back in the tub. It starts cooling off. He's a nasty little spik 26. Too much eating ass talk 10. And Maddie Bella still pissed off about it. Too much mumbling 9. Too much religion talk 8. And he's an anti-Semite 7. That's from the 7 Jews we got listening. That are still left. 567. 560. Pound 560. On a year. Hey, we're having a good time here. Whether you people want to or not. I'd like that. That's it. We're having a good time. It's quite of this time. And we'll continue doing so. Especially when I got that bonus check in my pocket. And Carlos got that 20 bucks coming from the Mad Dog as soon as he comes in a building. And the five that I kicked in. And the five that you 25 bucks. How do you like that? Why me for $2. You're halfway there already. 25 big ones for Carlos and it's only early on on day yet. So forget about what I said about you. Here's Weston. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. No, no, mind. Your show is just that. You curse quite a bit. Yeah. Is that a toilet flushing in the back? Yeah. Yeah. I just got a break. He just had a break. Yeah. But we don't want to hear this sound of your toilet flush. You're talking about me being a part of your gun. You're talking about me being a potty mouth. And you're flushing the potty in the background. Well, you kind of caught me with my pants down. Yeah. Well, I thought that would make it happy. No, would not. Not in your case. You're about 80 years to old for me, man. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. There he is. This middle fart. Fishing around in a wrong place. I'll tell you that. Five six six. Five six. Five five six. Five five six. On the AT&T. And Verizon. I know who that was. That was Mickey McNickle doing a voice. The fact that those are your pop at O'Parks, but your money on Mickey and what should go down the drain. Here's Boca. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, how are you? Okay. Not your fault or your just fault. Hey, kid, don't start out by sin. And it could be our fault. Oh, maybe. Don't know the soft looks so easy. That is true. That this town, I should say, South Florida is a brain dead and constipated or both. Right. And you guys both do a great job. People don't realize that difficult about it is to put up with the crap that you put up with all every day and try to keep it entertaining. What I like to do is just talk about something that's dear to your heart because I haven't found out much about the new core of that coming out for the 50th anniversary. Yeah, I wish I could tell you I haven't heard a thing about it. I'm not really. Oh, well, wait. No, wait. The anniversary one was just last fall. I thought of. I thought of. I thought of. I thought of. I don't think so. No, I'm wrong. I could be wrong, but I'm pretty sure that's when I came out in the fall. And the new one is coming out is the new model. Now, I could be wrong, but I think they made some noise. You're using about it. No. Nothing. And the reason I don't know anything about it or nearly I'd be more interested, but I've already got two, two thousand and two or two, but whatever the hell they are. But I'm really not in the market for new one because they're both because I'm almost never here. So they have so few miles on them. And it's, you know, kind of stupid for me to worry about. I understand. But somebody will call. I'm sure. Thanks. The L-Hingon there. Let's get some new corvettes. Come on. But all I'm money. I'm going to make from that man. This fence. They're given it over to Carlos. I go down by a couple of new corvettes. For my good friend Greg Nelson. I'd loop back, Roach, shevel, up there by Pomp and O'Park. But because I'm such an ice guy, I'm going to turn that 20. That of course is assuming that man is coughs it up. Now, I'm sure he's a man of his word, even though he went to me, she again. And he was a real hard. All of a sudden, I noticed he's a big Tom Brady fan. Which I got news for a Tom Brady would have played a lot better. Yesterday the enrich can and did. I told you that. Oh, he's the most valuable player near the unalathic. He's overrated, okay. He crumbled out of the pressure against that defense. He's as immobile as a statue. Kind of like somebody else. We, you know, who used to play here. But at least they got to play it here was pretty good at a good arm. Rich Ganon. Not for me. Wouldn't pick him on my team. And what were you gonna say? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. Well, I don't want to get back under the Super Bowl stuff again. It's over. It's history. This station is drowning in a sea of sports. My new show. Nobody wants to hear my new show except people would know life. Geez. Just re-examining and growing. Oh, it's like, you know, I got to be honest with you. The guys don't do sports on this station except for one. But the rest of them, I tip my head to them because how do they tolerate it? Huh? How can they handle it? The same lifeless sport holes calling with the same idiotic. And I wouldn't say observations, but they're not even that. Can you imagine any other subject you could even attempt to do that? Sex. Yeah. All right. Now we're talking. Sure. That can understand that. I can understand that for like ever and ever. Food. All right. Yeah. Things that everybody universal. We want great food. We want great food. We'll even take mediocre sex and mediocre food. How about sexual food? How about sexual food? He's already forgotten about the sex that involves food. Well, there you go. Marshmallows whipped cream, chocolate, cherries, raspberries, papayas, watermelon, raspberries, cucumbers, we need papaya. Oh yeah, you go out with you in the spik. That's a mango, much and Julio de Dios. You got to admit things weren't quite as entertaining before he came. Oh, there's no question. 10. I'm just reaching for some. What are we going to talk about when we don't have him? I don't know, but let's find out when that starts. 10. 56 at 5. 60 WKM. You're still sleeping on the same crappy old mattress you've had for years and years. Wager and T you feel it. That's why when you get up in the morning you feel like crap. Do what I've been doing, what George has done. And a lot of others, Miguel. Some of the other slippers are out here. Call 1-800 mattress, MATT-T-R-S and you're in tears of a great night sleep for months and years to come. They carry on to the best names. They got silly. They got certissemns, king-core, every size and style. And you'll have 30 days to try the mattress out in your home with the best. Comfort exchange policy ever invented. Some places make you sleep on your new mattress for at least 30 even 60 nights before you can make an exchange. If you're not comfortable after the first night you just bought 59 more sleepless nights. And then they'll go ahead and charge you for restockery delivery. And you'll pay full retail price on exchanges. Forget about that because they never would do that. At Dalamacresoo is his wife so they're so great. For real, Comfort no hidden charges or extra fees. Call 1-800 mattress right now. If you need an exchange, you can do so anytime with their 30-day comfort exchange period. No hassles at all. If you like to shop online, check them out at mattress.com. That's the website for Dalamacres. If you want to see it before you buy it, the mattress too. Macres.com's got pictures of mattresses that the Esper bed and console suggests. Make the call now to Dalamacres and enjoy a great night's sleep every night. Call now 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATT-R-A-S4. Dalamacres. It's my life and love this is for 30-5. Well, anyway, yeah. And you know when you are as you see the answer. Hola! Hello! Hola! Tell me what's on your screen! Oh, who is this to maid? No, this is your wife, Dalia! What? I like to speak through tummy and Victoria. Hello! Tell me what's on your screen! What's your screen? No, no, no, it's not. Let me talk to the devil. Please, hold on! Mommy! Mommy! Mommy! You got the phone! Oh! Oh, wow! Tommy, with Victoria speaking, this is Michael Jackson. You lost your job! You lost your job! Hey, I didn't lose my job! I stepped down! Or sure, however you want to paint the picture. Whatever you want to tell yourself in order to save some sort of face you do it, but you will lost your job! You know, actually it's kind of nice to hear your voice. What? It's kind of nice to hear anybody's voice. What are you talking about? Yeah, can you hear that? That's my Mexican wife! Let me tell you! It was true for maybe 5-10 minutes a day. But if I got to stay home on Earth every day, I'm going to go crazy! I'm not going to do that! You're getting your justice, search! Tommy, Victoria, that devil. All we do is eat Mexican food! Kimi, jungles, burritos, toastitos! I got more gas than Exxon! Ah! And you deserve to have the bloat! Ah! Listen, Michael, I'll reserve it somewhere. I'll start another label. Sure you would. So you can destroy the career of other budding artists. Are we going to Chevy? Yes, honey, we're going to Chevy. Thank you very much! All right, oh, cheese! If it's not Chevy's, it's cheese! If it's not cheese, it's not cheese! It's what's that driving place? I don't know what you're talking about. I called to be right you. And all I'm getting is dribbled and chimi chenga. Mhmm! At minute, I was the reason you were forced to be fired. Right, I know, because I'm very, very, very devilish. I want to live in a messy town! I want to live in a messy town! You're living in America! All right, hey, Michael, I got to go, okay? I got to take over the Taco Bell. Sandy! Okay, Chevy, you want to come with us? No, I don't want to be seen with you. You are the devil. So at this point, I am finding myself having some sympathy for you. All right, all right. All right, all right, all right. I got to go there, Michael. Let me tell you something. If I were to find right now, half the neighborhood would go up. Mhmm. God. Good bye. God. I don't know $4.50, $60, WCN. We've got the Mad Dog at $1,000, it was $20,000 pour in today. I'll tell you that. That's going to Mr. Rexpert. The Humperton, I'll tell you. Hank has got a much better gig than I got. Do you see where he's doing his show today? No, lost wages. Oh, Hank from lost Vegas from 3 to 7. And then tomorrow, of course, he'll be in transit. So guess who we get tomorrow. Wow. Come on, afternoon. So we got Hank from Vegas, the big, oh, oh, from 7 to 10. So you can call the big old tonight from 7 to 10. And then the mark called Mo after the big old and the repeat the same call like that one guy. And then we got any K from GA 10 o'clock tonight in Joe and Mark the dirty boys over that, which Joe's birthday is coming up on Thursday. Right? Yes. See how well I can read that calendar right there. Oh, big block letters there. The hell it is. It just says Joe's depd. Joe CBD. Speaking of that, they're getting really upset. The record companies have to loosen all this money. Yeah, what had people are stealing music off the internet. Carlos, where are stealing all that music off the internet? Do we care about that? No, no, we don't. Makes a bad musical pay for it. Too bad. Here's Miami. Hello. The guy's not my ball. Hi, Leah. Hello. Hi, Leah. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you? Okay. I was calling you to ask. What do you feel about the free safety decision that I want to do? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line without a one call here. Here's a Hollywood. Oh, it's the sunny. It must be moving. It must be transit. Okay. That's the end of our calls today. That's it. So what's in the inquire? That's what's in the inquire? What's in the star? What's in the globe? I got him here. I'll tell you that. Drug doctor rats out the star. We name names. All the stars who are on heavy duty drugs, which quite frankly, if they were doing the show, I wouldn't blame them. 560, 50560, lonely Martha Stewart feels abandoned. She didn't even decorate for Christmas. Oh, my God. What are we going to do for Martha? Mariah once Christina lay off the booze. You rat? A lot of boobs in here. Look at that. Fungley has broke Burke to viewers to exotic locales. The host of E. Network Show Wild On. And the beautiful brunette who's now the host of E's ranked took us up the sightseeing boats in the Caribbean for some R&R with a friend. With a lady friend that is missing. Mizzing mull is husband. Had shocking secret life. Oh, you know, this business about Lacey Peterson. Why do we care about that? Who? The missing woman. Lacey Peterson. You haven't seen that about her husband. Oh, the pregnant, the pregnant. Yeah. Why do we care about that? We don't. Okay. Or the cranky's back again in a hell of nail. Hello. They just said, mm-hmm. How many of your friends? I also said, was it did the Bob? Mm-hmm. Bob? Bob? Bob? Bob? Bob? Bob? Bob? Bob? Bob? Bob? Bob? Bob? Bob? Bob? Bob? Bob? Bob? You know something? keep it up. Here's Miami. Hello. Any of you have to have the floor to marlin's to. Companies that no longer exist in Miami. Uh-huh. Here's the big harbor island. Hello. Hi, you know, hi, gentlemen. Okay. Uh, may talk to you another talk to you before but good show. Um, I had something in common with you. I've advancing. I have six or seven times. I'm just wondering. Um, the last time that you came back. back and you've been having problems in customs because there is a serious question. Well my wife was we came back separately from Europe this time last month. What is she a drug dealer? No unfortunately that would be that would be great actually but anyway we came back and she keeps just Canadian citizen and she keeps getting like stopped and searched in customs and I read a couple articles that said that like this new feeling woman was harassed and searched and stuff like that. So I was wondering if you would heard anything about that. No or if you're hearing what I saw was just there in December it's his laxes ever. When you get there they said look at you if you got in American passport sometimes they would even stamp it and they open it up and they stamp it if they feel like it and they give it back to you and have a great day and blah blah blah that's it. And then when you go through I'm and she take care a lot of luggage with her. Well no well actually I have to say this fine she did because she was a bad mistake. Yeah. And if you go through the green line when you go down into the airport out of the customs area anywhere says nothing to the clear they don't even most of the time 99% they didn't even look at you so I just have my one carry on. They don't even pay any attention to me but if you go through items to declare that all I would say is. Oh look out. Yeah well. Pack light. Well I'll tell her that I don't know. Maybe she's got a guilty face or something. That's why a lot more people are stuff in the drugs in their body cavities because it's a lot easier to get it through that way. Yeah actually one time she can't from counter with a cast and they held her for two and a half hours. But anyway I just wanted to say unfortunately we're away from civilization again but I hope to get back there and nothing but that's what I'm working on it. Hey we're the pleasure. Thank you have a great life. 560560 on the 18T. In fact after this in timber response by the audience today the first thing. The first thing. It came in here and said what do you want to go back to Toronto? Get out of here. I said pretty damn soon lots of other than I was planning. Don't you think that today is enough to kind of like put me on the edge? Yeah this has been just I mean like out of it. It happens all the time. They blind side you hear out of nowhere. Like a farmed lay sideways attack. Anywhere we're sitting here we're willing to take all the criticism in the world. All the abuse we don't give a crappy get paid just the same. I got that Fed bonus check in my pocket right now. George may have his someday but we're not too sure. And Carlos he's sitting there with a kind of a moderate smile on his face. He says I'll believe the 20 for man dog when I see it. Believe me he'll pay up. He'll pay up he doesn't want to be abused on the show every day for the rest of the duration for over Lazy 20 bucks. The kind of money that he's making. Are you getting me between his construction. Oh we didn't hear him say last week that he hasn't had like a new. A new thing and I can what he say about six years now. What's up with that economy. Don't end here. That's the word people are sluppers here. Oh yeah. And people on Fisher Island. Everybody over there on Fisher Island. We want you to come out here with the rest of us and just bring bags of money like Sandy Clothes and start handing it out like the Rockefellers used to do. Only no dimes. Okay. $100 bills on a street corner. Is all you grave robbers on Fisher Island. What kind of people live on Fisher Island rich people? Yeah. Miluno's is. Where there knows his way up in the air. Okay and of course there don't stink. I've heard you placed a night to make some money. Pomp and a park. I got the three horse in the. Anyway, pop and a park is open for live harness racing four nights a week. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. First post time. Seven 15 as in tonight would freeze in a row. Parking free admission every afternoon night. And don't forget every Monday. Light tonight. There is some Monday. Madness going on because. Pomp and a park offers two for twenty five dollar full court. Interspersials in their lavish top of the park. Restaurant on the sixth floor. Brian Sears is God. We continue saying that he is. And by the way, Dick. Find. Quick peddling. Go. Go be. David Graham's agent. Okay. We still got the search party looking for David. Why not come up for. For. Needing a great horse racing action. Come a winner from the rail. Future. So private boxing on the fourth floor. Enjoy a Ben and Jerry's hot. Fudge Sunday. We're slice of roast. Pita. I want me a Ben and Jerry's hot. Fudge Sunday. The track. Not the. Hagenas. Put it on. No. They're going to have to go on the fourth floor. To give me Ben and Jerry's in the dining room. They got the. Hagenas. Infrast Under 8,919 native trips. The world is powered up toward the Thunder Gallaudet Island. A big pu Celsius. Yeah the ride. The will  a large Parliamental Colun. So The floor's the lead 1981, Leslie Ball. The view your headels will be announced on says the Chinese level opposition, to to the power for 3,000 people is being to do something that is spectacular. You may see it. If you want to recall it, may think in it. The next Monday 3rd is and every morning and he is Airlike and the. . You need to have three things. Easy on. What I'm never heard will be you're. What month? It's 25 out of nine. Hollywood state. a great live racing card 715pm tonight We'll allow us hanging around the house I had one hand on my mouse And my other hand was busy in my pants Through today that I was born I'm been into kitty park With my quibba made me do the naked dance I won't drop the soap if I go to prison Jerry Hall says I had a good reason With online to prepare my book Then it's where I went astray A pedophile online at play Oh, but now I am here to say A long touch, my tool again Oh, no! See, even as I've well I've made him do the naked dance That's it, even though 1117 at 560WCM The inspection of weapons report is going on to you and right now You know what they're saying? Work? To the best of all our ability What? That's what they're saying To the best of their ability They're going to be as much as they can Because we don't want to watch though We runs a sum-old tired cowboy movie We're going to put on our cowboy hat in our six shooters We're going to win their And we'll work on a crap-away Even over, of course, we're very concerned about the unborn fetus Man being dog with gun shoots himself speaking of that This is on our website, but somebody facts me the short version of this This is in Winchester, Virginia Friday A man tried to beat his dog to death with a gun Was fatally wounded A rock! When it apparently went off accidentally police said Raymond poor junior 43 called his wife a work Thursday And tore that her dog had bitten him and he intended to kill the animal The wife came up with about 6pm and found her husband unconscious With a number of dog bites and scratches Emergency medical personnel discovered that poor had been shot He was pronounced dead and Winchester medical center Police captain David Savonia said poor must have beaten the 30 pound Sharpie with a gun that went off he said the stock of the weapon A combination rifle in Chalkin was broken and their peer appeared to be blood and dog Here on it the dog was in custody of an animal control officer Savonia had no detail on how badly the dog was injured But the guy that was beaten the dog he's dead That's hysterical that is poetic justice, huh? Evolution at work 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T line A tremendous response on his pull thank God I changed it See because I know my pull I put that first one up there about the stupid bull I said it was like limp you could feel it The sagging now you feel it No now you feel it Why do you hate George so much is our pull question we got 381 votes And this is a pull it and then thing up to like about four minutes ago He's boring as Schmidt 137 I don't hate him he's okay 93 okay, you know I don't I love George 68 He's a nasty little spik 32 Too much eating ass talk 15 I bet you do it lot of nails at least 10 of those 15 He's getting sick and tired of your master representing where he's sticking his tongue He's in anti-Semite 14 to much mumbling 13 and too much religion talk 9 His word is right now Here's Miami hello Miami You gone? Miami's gone okay probably just as well Let's try Miami Beach hello Yes sir You know I've been listening to these calls since the beginning of the show Are we apologizing then? And I'm wondering people are complaining about the bedtime story Yeah No, I'm complaining about the bedtime stories I admit that it was a bad mistake on my part at herthisho badly desperately But it was a byproduct of how crappy the calls are Would you been here and how the calls are? That's my point I was driven to it People really want to listen to these idiotic calls I mean I've been listening this morning this is ridiculous It's a disgrace to the human race So go back to bedtime stories but lastly you know what George is a rookie everybody wants to compare him to you and that's why they say sucks he's not you right So I just say George needs some experience Exactly in fact I think starting a noon of even time to get him on there Hey exactly have a great day Have a Yeah, what's wrong with that you could do an hour today You could not hear a little bit early in fact I think like Tom Jekha said I'm gonna just you know I didn't go in my beautiful Corvette and head up to Hershey highway Where you ran out? Paul in from where ever to hell I am as the women strikes me and the meantime you'll do the job I'll be back right around next payday What's wrong with that just come back off and up to pick up a paycheck works for with packs in for seven months real good Yeah, it wasn't bad except that one day that they had me driving That was normal cat by the way Couldn't get them to FedEx me to check or something like that had drive down here to pick it up nearly got killed at one day right by Joe robby stadium Normally known as In fact if somebody would say you know it's not Joe robby stadium anywhere guess what? At least the Joe robby family Joe robby built it in thing unlike pro player which is out of business last time we checked huh? I'll always call it Joe maybe we can call it in Ron knows field Or some other out of business joint which seems to be the pattern now now that everybody in sports is going out of business Which I was the money 20 years ago all this expansion. It's crazy. It's pure greed Oh, you know what you're talking about you're just a sour push Okay, here's Greg with his daily facts Dernial once again being that I'm a resident radio expert. I'll share my opinion on the George topic Will you spell George with a J and I with a G you bozo? It's not that he's such a bad guy. We've been a bad talk show host. It's all in the voice It doesn't matter what he's talking about not to compare the two of you because that wouldn't be fair It's like comparing Superman to droopy I mean, you were blessed with that voice you have what what voice? I got a great voice. I wouldn't be here. I'll tell you that right now. Where would you be? New work? Your voice no matter what you're saying is very powerful and draws in the listener. It's powerful, baby He hurt George's voice it kind of draws in dead farm animals Just kidding seriously. He can't get away with a long unnecessary pauses even your pauses That there are more entertaining than when he speaks. Oh, no, that's bad. That's well. He's got a point though. The bottom line is George seems like a good guy See how he's sucking up to you now. What work? He shows He shows entertaining once in a while, but what he needs is a voice transplant maybe we can get a tool for you and jelly He's stealing your material. We can get a tool for already. What? He's stealing your material back to you. I know that. We do just stop. See that's another thing. They don't like about you. You're just intolerant Do some people take these people for what they are okay. You always be kind of like original material No, he wouldn't win. We ever say that We never said original material because you don't have any. Well, that'll be fun. It says gets a more energy more excitement George Okay, not it doesn't mean higher pitched. See you assume it. Forcible not high. That's squeaky Take more caffeine or do some operas. There you go. Call up Moses. So bring yourself. That's not my bag. Surgery might be an order. No matter what happens. These should take your lucky stairs. It would be a you were given that powerful voice But should be questioning every day how the rest of you turned out so poorly That's a good line. Just a joke. It says calm down. He has bring back screenless. No, thank you. Great. You were doing good. He got to that. He's right. How did I get such a decent voice and such nice feet from the ankles down? There you go. The rest of me and worth a crap Swake goes nothing's perfect Small penis five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line Hollywood. Hello. Yes sir. I already thought about should I explain. Yeah, awesome. Yes, you know a story behind us. You got a really troubling story in the past. No, I can't. I don't know. I don't know. Some can't. Yeah, your parents were killed when she was in a car accident. Well, this guy. She's from Canada. That means so. I got an N-Murrow. That's why I'm saying. My guys. She had a very, you know, said, you know, upper body hall. The parents were killed in a car accident. Right. And she had to take on a horse. And you know, it's, if you ever watched that, uh, Lizard Wilson. John Candy. Go ahead. I'm sorry. Okay. No, we're listening to people. We're just talking about Canadians. No, obviously. She's right. She's a really, you know, good person. Yeah, she was that. But all kids off, you know, she took her over siblings. Right. The parents were killed in a, uh, but she's like a real downer of person that her own. We love Shani. I couldn't have to start her to watch. Okay. And enclosing. They don't come no fine. Of the Shaniah. There's more at a ball spot. No. Not a spot. See ball spot implies like right that there's hair around. Right. Exactly. 567. 0560. In fact, old chrome dome. We don't discuss his ball spot anymore because George. You know, see that that is a good point though that you were intimidated all summer long because of the fact that he came right on the heels of old mode trying to get your ass fired. I forgot about it. I was hanging by a threat. He was hanging by the right. I was working to finish. Oh, he's job job to keep his job going because some old fart comes in here. Some old funny daddy with a bad temper. Some temperamental Cranky old coot. Who's trying to get everybody else point to finger with them and blame them for his, uh, failings. Never once if I put into the finger at George's, it's because of you that I'm ugly old fact. That's your fault. You know, have I ever said that? Oh, though the food part I have pointed at and blamed him a lot since we're not eaten today. What since you've been back once what about the food? Well, crap. We've eaten in here once since I've been back once it was my idea. Once it was me. Once it was me. We had Wayne Arnold three times the maximum count. What's the other stuff that came in here? The other stuff was like some sponsor that they forced to the food on me. And once it was my idea. Well, the other one was Flores. Sorry. All the rest were you or them. Some kid come with those who big balls he brought in here that day. You see the way he drag goes in here? Look, I almost got caught in the snap. Drag him with a sack. 560, 0560, pound 560 on a 18 and 10 Verizon line. As we look at it again, Spastic Monday, baby. Spastic Monday. They're in. They're out. They're up. They're down. They're everywhere. But they want to talk to us. No. And you want to know why because the bits see now we got a problem. Now the people who like to bedtime stories now they're all gone. See, that's the problem. They got to be gone. They certainly won't speak to me. We have one guy there. I was in that they won't call back in. And that's mostly the female audience, which we don't have much of any anyhow. Oh, Neil, that was like that bitch that called you that day. Oh, it's been year-round. You're the only voice with the other side. And Neil always says nobody cares. Is that just a cap out? Is it too much work? Did she ever call back? No. I hope that bitch calls in today. I dare her to call this show. She's going to call. No chance. No chance. You want to know why? Because she's up pussy. That's why. She didn't have the balls. But she's back stabbing me when she thinks I'm out of town. And I'm right in town. Let's name you for like four minutes. Just long enough here that I can only imagine the other kind of crap that went on when I wasn't listening. If I were to the wounds in my back. Yeah, right. I'm not the bird. Well, Carlos told me. Hey, knee-car insurance. If you got tickets in the past, you had an accident. If you have bad credit. If you answered, yes, any of these things. And here's the number to call. Boy, must be the air in here. And I'm certain. It's choked again. One triple eight five oh six seventy two eighty three. That's the number four Florida first insurance. They have the car insurance policy plan for everybody. We guardless your past record. They've got low down payments and get you the car insurance. You need for as little as 35 bucks a month unbelievable. Call them out. Tol free at one triple eight five oh six seventy two eighty three. Florida first insurance offers free quotes. They're family owned and operated with years of experience. You deserve the car insurance that you've been eaten so column now one eight eight eight five oh six seventy two eighty three. If you need home insurance life health a commercial insurance. Florida first insurance can get you covered. And right now is a special promotion stop by any Florida first insurance location. Get you a quote and get two free casino crews passes compliments a Las Vegas down marketing a sixty dollar value. Absolutely free. So call one triple eight five oh six seventy two eighty three get a car insurance quote from Florida first insurance and get two free casino crews passes. Don't forget no matter what your car history record is. These are the people to get you straight in now. Call one triple eight five oh six seventy two eighty three for Florida first insurance for all your car insurance need. You know we're sports radio five six. You a M. Have a penis I've never had one I swear you from or you of your money it's the jeans that almost every man in America has been waiting for the jeans that will drive the chicks wild and make you the center of attention at anybody it's the wonder gene with built in bold booster if you're sick of traditional jeans that hide your little package the new wonder gene will accentuate whatever little amount of flesh you have and make it look like you're the next long Don't silver oh Billy what's up with you tonight man the chicks are all over you It happens to notice my pants. Yeah, I was meeting the say something about that. What do you have a woodrow? You can't get rid of us something. No you squid it's the wonder gene here check this out. Hey baby. Hey good looking What do you say me below this joint and head back to my place sure? Hey Billy yeah What are you gonna do when you drop your droids and she sees your real little soldier? Okay, still a bit the wonder gene from gorgeous of your money because now It's the men's turn to cheat and the women's turn to be disappointed On the 32 at five sixty wqm happy Monday to you. Halley Barry's sad suicide bitch Oh, that's an e-mquire. Don't do it, Halley. Or that's in the star. I'm sorry drug doc rats out the stars as soon as I see Winoter riders on this list. I realize it can't be too exciting. Why do shocked that went on a rider on drugs? Well, they found all that stuff in her purse and and that that soup that Nissan whatever that crap that we put in front of will be right Nissan soup and noodles. It stinks. It's chicken soup. Oh, are you kidding me? It smells like chicken soup that are rat died in Here's a call from North Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Have you opposed to her? And back to you For John Rich for a few weeks, actually for more than a week since you did the old vid this is Paul. Uh-huh The my vote was from my five Yeah, it's very nostalgic for my buddies the work there actually start the little business where he's making pots I wanted to bring you some food some dad and have you rented that then? No five six seven 05 60 pound five 60 on the 18 years and guys looking for a plug for his brothers doing what's bring us some food? What do we say no? No, he didn't have anything to say See in the notice they clever way the very Subversive way they tried to hook that all they get you were doing a thing about a place that used to be out of business my favorite was my pie And well, but now my brother's got a place that can we bring us some food and could we give him a free plug? No, no thanks See how those things all tie together 5 6 7 0 5 60 if we don't have like a real call next to 25 minutes here I'm gonna blow Carlos's brains out right on here Pound five sit well, let's be foreman. It's come to sit with the 20 bucks Here's my me springs, hello. What's up? Yes, okay Speaking of restaurants I have an anecdote about restaurants Did you know that the guy doing your morning show actually was in the restaurant business way before radio? No Was in that because you always have to pay in restaurants to pay to pay yeah 5 6 7 0 5 60 I'm afraid for Carlos pound five 60. Yeah, you better garden with you with somebody's life better lock that door Here's Davey. Hello 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line the search continues We only got another hour 25 minutes to go. Well continue searching man Here's Val Harbor. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, my tips cricket. I beg your pardon my tips cricket your tips crooked Yes, and I Child cricket You killed cricket. Yeah 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon. I think the wicked worm struck this town of yes May err over the weekend paper said that didn't have a big impact here. I think this town has been stricken by that runaway worm Lodered out by the sea. Hello. Neil God, yes, sir. How are David sticks to pay to his head with his own seamen? Here's Virol Beach, hello What's that I'm in your pardon? I didn't say anything yet. I said let's go to Virol Beach, hello Hi, hello, Viro Beach. How are you? I'll rest on a restaurant that I love Here's an old lady in Miami Beach, hello And Neil yes, I've been listening to you since I lived here. I love it. You are years and you're here about 27 years, but you've never spoke so rapidly Why do you do that? I'm gonna hurt you get out of here. It's it's kind of disconcerting though You know, it gets very tiring. I love listening to you. I love the subject Maddie a heart but it's tiring when you talk so far. I'll go take a nap When you talk so fast. Yeah How come I speak so fast? She's been listening for years, but I'm going too fast for her now. How did she just turn 110? Let's see. I have the same problems yet. I go can't call for more but I love the facts Let's see. I like to bedtime stories. I'd like to read more, but I don't have time I like George yada yada yada yada. I used to see his wife and shrouded our bus stop last year and the year before I like them even if he doesn't I've told you such a hockey maybe and what has he refered to jerseys as sweaters? My little dog and my grandmother were sweaters Not hockey players and for who do we know a near force that can give George some go pills? Says Todd and Hollywood chronic He wants Althiki as a go problem. He's going to just find every morning before the show. Sure sometimes twice I don't think that's his probably needs doggy efforts is what he needs. It would be in solo thargic In addition to which don't understand he's run down from these calls. I can add it because I'm making a big book But if we're a punk like him to come in here for like a bucket an half an hour and talk to these bozos and big and pleat and Then you and all this other stuff for flowers of it. He can't take it He can't take it. He's like a little genius in here. He wants to talk in electrical crap Like ways Intellectual crap and all he's getting is the crap part. That's right. Well, I like the way that's fed back. That was exciting 5 6 7 0 5 basically what we've had today had a couple real people on there not too much We got a bunch of crappy craw bitter old people like this last week and what's going on? What do you want to talk about they couldn't if you held a gun if you stuck a goddamn oozy up there I think they couldn't do it And that's the sad part about this town and that guy who sits in front of me at the hockey games By the way when leaves coming away from Wednesday, which they'll probably still be in this coma. They just went and do If he happens to be there which our hope is not Because I'm tired looking at these side of his head just don't be bugging me during the whole game Okay, Mr because I go to the see the game not here your stories about Bob nice room Nobody gives a flying crap about Bob nice. You're okay about the old Rangers or about God damn Eddie Jackman or that crap right skipy right get out of here by the way But let's see doing in there Skipping I've no idea Got a constant parade of people in here in and out here's like a goddamn like a like a laundromat he came for me go he came from a gal, huh? How much? This much teaspoon 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the T and Verizon more this one one thing that amazes me about Skippy Otherwise you know and I'll tell you one thing get off your lazy ass and start losing some weight and how do you do that look at the beast if you have a strong stomach The beast is down to 240. How much of what do you wait? What the easy? Gonna be waiting in in front is a window. I do whatever he feels like it whatever gets off his lazy fat ass gets out of you M and kids over here Of course you only come to somebody's sure that most safely out of the building change your life today Loose the weight not only look better, but get a lot healthier to and have you do it with balance for life? That's a way to do it no cooking no shopping no cleaning no worries no calorie counting no carbohydrate counting because Balance for life combines the knowledge of the zone diet with the special emphasis on the glycemic values of carbs Which control your sugar levels and deliver right to your door at home at your work wherever you are three or may meals and two delicious snacks with little bottle water in your sack To in that great little black sack and you know what we always say on this show if you got your little black sack Your good shape. So get with the real weight loss program. Not some goofy thing that doesn't work. That's some dangerous arrangement Because balance for life is delicious. It's nutritious everything is fresh and it's a choose between two choices for each meal Every day that's run a program Color my now if you want to lose the weight to the delicious weight call nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or visit their website at balance for life not come way The sucks I went through the sausage party. I was invited by the priest He said With me I have friends to see back in the Red Dury When we got to the sausage party There were some other priests in the buff Then he dropped his pants and said do you good land? Your base I want a stuff Realize I didn't do very well Yes, he comes the priest couldn't get all so it had to please himself Oh Then the priest at the sausage party said have faith some try it again As he took my hand and he said that me He'll just try to understand He said there's something I must remind you before you give it another chance The holy man who wrote the Bible Words where it anything now All right now I can do that very well It's good that I can please anyone Oh, we're fine 15 till noon, I'm 45 at 5.60 WCM gym manager be a long at one But all kinds of excuses why Tampa V8 knocked the crap out of the raiders in the Super Bowl last night Let me make it all kinds of excuses No excuses man dog the better team one. They just knocked the crap out of them. Okay, in fact the final score is nowhere Even though it's 48 to 21 doesn't even indicate what a romp that was it was like 34 to 3 in a third quarter and in the fourth quarter wasn't whatever it was late in the game got it A one side of the life-sided Trouncing by the far superior team and see the problem is if well, I'm not gonna win it You just take the 20 bucks Let's see George this is specifically for you, but of course you're taking it. Oh, it's I might some sex thing. Well, save it For a few months and I heard you speaking about your teacher misses a so-and-so from a grade school is my cousin. Oh She has three grown kids one mother of a Harvard Stanford mama of a U.M. Oh, blah, blah So it's so Murray this one and whatever We'll save it. I'll give it a look. It's so she's still pretty hot What about that? Yeah, I was talking about the story. Okay, I'll save it for you. There it is Like I said we're gonna be talking a lot more about sex on his show and a lot less about saving the guy They're more and by the way the inspector said one of the most worrying areas was the chemicals and the tables were quiet for the production of Vx No basions is what he said Basically what they said was They still got a lot more more work to do before we start blowing everybody up over there since we are so concerned about human life 567.0560 pound 560 on the 18 were concerned about the sanctity of the unborn fetus. Don't you understand to the read that we don't understand cell research We don't want to kill no us themselves Right, right we don't even want to kill any Brainstems Here's Viro Beach. Hello Viro Beach. Hello. How's he okay? Restaurant from the past. Okay. Restaurant from the past. A collar from the past or Viro Beach A restaurant from the past Here's Miami. Hello Miami. When is this gone? Here's a call from Bokha. Hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir. How are you today? I've been okay. A little bit bizarre here today, but I'm used to it Yeah nothing different strange on a Monday. Hey, Mr. G's backing down and yeah, we know and we don't want to talk to you 567.0560 pound 560 on the 18 team Verizon Wireless line one more good reason to get there a lot of here real soon If we just get it up to like minus 40 and Toronto. I think I'm on a plan Last call of the day it's from baby. Hello Baby Hello, yes, sir. Yes, sir. How are you on sir? Okay? I guess on the two here. What happened on the bar? Chaffers the Panthers game in Saturday night. No, I did not. Okay. It was about four minutes between happiness left Before the end of the second period and I don't know which announcement was but I was listening and all of someone that now was far to end with all over the radio he farted on the radio all he farted and and and And about five seconds later he says Excuse me and the other afterwards I think was a golly up to buy Yeah, yeah, and he said that Bordeaux is thinking play in other words and he would try to announce the game and not happen the same time It was unbelievable I wasn't there thanks for the good news. Oh the bike 567. 0560 pound 560 See the people I wanted to have been there listening to the bedtime series. They're all gone now anyway See it's it's a in and a young thing you can't please everybody like that thing just said like Rick Nelson said She got to please yourself So how do you can do They're all gone the bedtime story's crap. They're not gonna listen to this They're gonna look and look at listen to what there's the most of the lack of call that we have on there There's not one call on the board where those crickets in the history of that my life This is like our is this like a dry one again is this this must be like Ozzy Osbourne dreaming about the osmons and Florence and that's really how bad nightmare 567. 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. We're talking to you about your favorite places that are no longer in business Why do you hate your mom just waiting for those calls to start pouring in? Why do you hate George so much we asked we got 4508 votes. They're busy voting about you They can't be bothered call me because they're busy voting on you. He's boring as Schmidt 162. I don't hate him. He's okay 112. I don't hate him. I love George 79 So you end together the two positive categories you got 42.3% George Which leaves 50 years 7.5% that the he's an ass. He's a little spik 39 He's an anti-Semite 17 too much eating ass talks 16 too much mumbling 15 and too much religion talk 10 is what they say I hope you're writing all of those down So you can assess your whatever you do next time you're on. Let's starting it new will be good Don't you think I think George new to one of the in fact I think George new to one every day is a splendid a capital idea As opposed to me sitting here trying to beg and pleading a squeeze something out of these people I want to talk to a woman under the age of 100 today between I want to clock not that old lady to call from the beaches got like She's kind of like that the hokey poking guy. She put her left for him. Yeah, I'm talking to fast. I can't understand this. I have a Here's a call from four-laterdale. Hello Hey, is this me sounds like you yes, sir. Okay. Sounds like me too. I just want to know I'm new to the area I really enjoy your show. Thank God for you. Where did you come from? From one island New York that mistake. Why do you think what how long you been here? nine months nine months so don't unpack please You know, you're another three months. You'll hate it here Well, you gotta make the show start this way. I'll go back. Okay. Have a great day. And you too. Bye He can't handle it. He wants out and I can't blame him 567 0560 look what moved in here the frogs in the blue photo. That's what we got That's about it My little dog by the way is coming along splendidly. I don't know how good he really is Very good had a good bowel movement yesterday on the floor not in the house outside not in my look We don't want to make a habit of that just in case there might be a bad one coming in the near future But considering his liver I can't think of what she said it was. Of course. That's my vet. You know she's a little bit like that He's okay. Okay. The only deal is don't now. He he a little on the picky side Start eating chicken. You know cubed chicken nice real like uh white meat chicken That was okay for a day or two and then like turn his nose up at it. Well, what else can you not that he's lost his appetite? It's just that he's gay discriminating kind of sewer now Now these into the people food. I can't imagine my mother might have done something to start that He was there for that week. Do you think? Now that he won't eat no doggy food anymore. He's in the people food at whatever you're eating is what he really wants because no matter what's in his bowl That obviously is dog food. I think he's out smart me now Whatever I'm eating is people food so it must be better Just set up a place at the table Maybe we'll bring him in here one day when PD Lenny comes by with some more that stuff That'll teach him a lesson Here's a lady in Tamarack Hey, I can't believe it I'm under a hundred. Well, thank God for you. You must be the one Hey, don't feed your dog any race that are great very bad for him. I don't do that. Yeah, so I just read an article and that it could kill him Well, he's on a way out anyway. Oh He's got liver um fibrosis of some kind For babies. But I mean, he's over 14 years old. He's like a hundred human years and he's doing okay Well good. I love your show, Neil. Thanks, we'd art have a great day. You too. Thanks for being alive. Okay. There's a living breathing lady Because a dog lady. Yeah, that's okay. May not real exciting, but at least he's human at least he responded to my plea That's the thing that just knocks my ass sideways in his town Give me just flapping cheeks Is the fact that these people and they they will give you anything We're giving you the sweat off their armpit. That's what bothers me. Yeah. I'm not that I want not saying I want it All depending on what they look like. I'm not in the sweat. No sweat that Sometimes it's just a necessary By product of what I have you do what I do when I let all the pens and all depends upon the circumstances You don't get a squeegee. I don't like this smell. Oh, no, no thanks 567. 560 pound 560. All I keep those squeegee's handy. They double as a good ice scraper for your windshield when it gets cool again next weekend for it over. Yeah, just flop it over And the squeegee too. Coconut creak hello. Yes, do you have any one to mug? No Did you forget about stagger leaves and for water now? Here's key largo hello Key largo. Hey, yes, oh, yeah, okay Thank you so much And we Here's Miami. Hello Neil yes, sir Put this wrong with the people keep talking about these damn places that close down and I mean getting break They're living in a past man. They're one ratio We're fed the new pool. Uh, does people who are still dead. There you go Just just looking to window and look outside. You'll see a lot of weight I'm a young who you're under 25. I'm about that. All right Shot you let me tell you I mean these jack-offs keep coming about uh, you know, they want to hear these phone calls the same guy coming out Mighty calling and that's so boring. I'm a young who really I'm working going to school. I'd be getting some period Articles here in there. You know, your medical side audio sounds like a winner to me I don't get a chance to read the pay if you know, but you're doing things like that. I got a right you know saying so I don't mind a little hot to you those to that and then you're of course you get the same ones on here My annual all same thing Little those that's right. What's wrong with little those? You know those trees I don't want to kill people here and that these are guys calling up or chill with me. Okay. I'll troll try to what give you a period of color Every now and all right Let me see a me go Bye He wants to have some period articles on audio is what he want and by the way then it seemed to me that the rating book went by and time jick was out of time I know I mentioned that before that's for people who don't listen between nine and ten The consensus is that Greg Reed did something wrote test and unacceptable to this program That says not not just my opinion many people inside this building agree with me That moving issue out of the ten to two slot was an act of insanity and suicide is what it was 600 years Neil Rogers tended to meddle like a fixture like a part of these people's lives and now the whole world is supposed to change their life To suit Greg Reed. That's the way it's supposed to work does it work? No, didn't work we did a year or that didn't work Starting tomorrow we go back to ten to two What are you laughing about you can do nine to ten? 12 What it's a lively hour sure lots of bits maybe some some all comedy bits were doing that Wednesday Wednesday. Don't forget we're doing the noon to one hour and then I'm to ten hour Just a good idea Yeah, karaoke hour people can call up will no karaoke bed. They can sing on the phone You know something that's not a bad idea Look at here I bet you get a 90 sure There the Okik I like that a lot the karaoke hour hosted by Carlos Whereas mad dog by the way with your twenty dollars Carlos where's that cheap loser? Raiders my ass the Raiders my ass Boy and see this is what kills me about this station Is you got guys who are supposed to even got just because somebody played the game doesn't mean they have to stand it And you want to know how I know that look at the knees pot fan He hasn't got a clue he wouldn't know a poppy puck from a learner's bagel. Okay, then he's pot fan. Follow flavor Are real rocket scientists are freaking genius you know what I'm saying somebody goes on here and says I feel really really So what do you expect him to know? Huh? Don't forget look up dumb frog In the dictionary. You'll see his push right next to it the one where his teeth are like half knocked out by my telek Delights a West Boca a mega store for the atkins died or lower carb sugar free died is the place to shop PD Lenny recommends it enthusiastically They've got over 600 delicious low-carb food products waiting for you and this week Be sure to try the new in champ and low-carb cookies in six delicious flavors only one to two carbs for cookie I bet it's all down for that lady on the beach You'll be in snack heaven So whether it's carver light ice cream bread chips muffins cheesecakes pasta and sauces Delights a West Boca is a place you're gonna absolutely love and they got an eligible staff who really knows their stuff Inside and out open every day seven days week from ten to ten at Delights you'll find the most complete line of Actions brand products anywhere's in town Always 25% off the regular price today all day every day even on poor him. By the way, speaking of poor him Do we have that iris that a glacier calendar better be on there? So if you're on the atkins many other low-carb died here's a store where can go in and really stock up on all kinds of good snacks Delights a West Boca on the northeast corner blades in 441 x to Boston market Call him tool free in 1-877 low-carb you'll find him on the web at low-carb.com Don't forget there's only one detail I said West Boca. It's your official atkins retail center Your sports video 560 2 a It beat it well the one hour on wq a That Ju The world is full of the true things The world is full of true thoughts Don't you dare to learn here so wonderful I'm showy mother's in arms and alarms And I'm talking Dr. Morris is going to thank you for your guidance I'm gonna have the music My mother's resting so quickly You've got money now Said for money is scant So if this right we're ready to hold That's not the Lord I'm this big years ago Psycho bitch never be long On the radio Door is one of the shoes on Door is one of the shoes on Door is one of the shoes on Door is one of the shoes on He's better than you know He might have been out of his smell Did I remember it in the silence at Lams When they had a like put the things over there No is when they were like Oh, they were putting vix on their lip Right because of your grandma They were putting vix Right how do you know was vix? You could see the little bottle Or something like that some sort of a menthol Ah, see There's a little bit of a little bit of a bottle That's one of the reasons that they don't like We didn't put that one on a pole as you make stuff up You don't always vix It looked like a little bottle of vix How do you know? I don't recall no vix And I love vix Well, they weren't using those clips Yeah Who's number is better They were doing something They were having the smell of death on their lips And my point being that if she was dead so long And she was like a part of the carpeting She was like she melted into it Glued into the carpeting They became white She was good into the carpeting That's what Dr. Laura said She was not funny I'm not even great but she sure was a good mother So she said Just just even imagining the stench of that I realize it's a lot of time right now And I'm trying to do you all a big favor Okay, all of us fat people are eating way too much We're not eating here today Jordan had his poison soup And that's about it I'm following up And all I had to do is Like a little piece of chocolate from that Vermont teddy bear Which our good friend was kind of after bringing in What? Just a small piece It was good too Anyway, here's some facts Most of the from cronics, including this one I fact you twice already did any of your good You were going to both times Then why don't you get the message You see if Kenny You're complaining about lack of material Am I complaining about lack of material? No, but sure they listen to it And I'm facting you two pages of quality stuff And there's a voice of America's youth Am I only grapple with the George's his tone Which there's only one In other words, mono, tone Maybe he's got mono Oh, sorry, I was trying to do that Maybe let's come over here and deal with you mono Amono Here's one another one from our friend Greg See that's it Greg What did I tell him about sticking to one of the days Like vitamins? How dare George say that my material's not original One facts today by me is more original And four hours of George's boring An emotional crap that he spews today If I was on here instead my ratings would be more than double You can accuse me a lot of things But Steve and materials not one of them I've always said that what was on my mind Good or bad, take it or leave it I demand an apology How do you like that? The two real stealer Greg Greg From where would he be now because they keep moving up the coast Because nobody else wants him He wants an apology I will I give it to you Now I'll say we'll have any numbers He don't have any friends Oh you're wrong about that Oh well But who they are too Yeah man beating dog with guns shoots himself We just had that out of there just minutes ago Thank you so much I always love that Well the show starts at nine which I realize is tough for your schedule And here's one for your good friend Jeff Heiz Acquadic neighbor David Who needs mental help obviously The question is not the ability of George but rather Greg weed Will ever air his show I like George he's quite intelligent He's probably from the world leader and woman with the baby But the position to be about the chances of QM airing He's got J-O-R-E The horror Rodriguez show after Neil goes on to greener pathures None None He knows that Jorge He knows that Greg hates and like poisonous on grateful And a real militant heart ass Mike This is a quote from one of your loyal listeners I don't think it's something in the past to get to him about a little really about what is that? Unchimmed the feedies column. I don't want you with that. Thank you so much Mike. Jim the feedie I thought was gonna be a good columnist maybe like once a year like the other guys down here what's maybe once Plus you they read something worth raw and rest of it is pure prep. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT and T line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Mocha color brother calling. All right. Listen two things I want to ask you a couple weeks ago that was the last week that Greg Reak came on a radio It's one of the apologies for kind of Lisa. Is that it's in a little policy now what you can't talk about? Something like that. No. Okay. I'll say it again. I haven't changed my opinion about her. In fact even worse after the president came out with his University of Michigan business and his stand on the right of action and she kind of like waffled around and said well I agree with him but you know Reese is the fact there but but but you know it goes to show exactly where she's coming from I haven't changed my mind at all but again it's out of my hands. I need to look at comedy. I hate it won't be a leg no. No. Well I hate it. Kitten things are morning but I love that. Well you won't be here. I need to want them no. Nothing um and you wanted to know why sir because feedemist speeches did in this country. Of course. I'll have people who are really correct. But not because I'm taking over and this is an ironic that German in France will probably save us from this cowboy. Honey like what is that tell you? And another thing as far as what's the prime minister name in England? Tony Blan. Tony Blan. Yeah. This funny how when a trick was an office all these right wing of hated him like poison. Now of the sun he's the girl he's standing with Bush. He's he's great for his England and all the other stuff that's all. I'm Tony Bush's got naked pictures of Tony Blan and Prince Charlie and that's that's your reason he's sucking around. Have to be a keep up the periodic old one one thing the karaoke hour. Great idea. Yeah what about we'll wrap you the bill out? Sure why not. All right we have to clean up the lyrs a little bit though. All right see. All right. That's not a bad idea. What are we going to do that? Maybe on Mo show can't hurt. 560 pound 560 on a ATT a very weak performance by the Saudis on the Monday after the Super Bowl. That's because they're all drunk. You're all hung over. I'll piss off because they lost their ass because they bet Oakland which I tried to tell you I gave you I gave you the exact score like with a minute and a half to go which is all you need anyway. I gave you a Tampa Bay 34 Oakland 21 and then so they scored you know a couple of intersections they ran back as rich can and showed us two colors they're at the end of the game so they may run it up 48. As John Groot and stuff it down there throw it's obviously enjoyed doing a nice one our John. And these people they listen to the experts on this radio station you know what I'm saying? The mad dog. Hey guys with new year now in full swing hours at the time to act on a new high paying career. Fast rain is holding a free career seminar tomorrow night at its candle Miami for the oil and pepper pines locations. This is a free seminar FREE E. Free called 1-866 fast rate reserve your seat that's 866 fast rain make 2003 the year that you're in a high paying computer job. If you're overworked underpaid in a real craft job go in no place working for a real butt plug this could be the most important 50 minutes you've been in your life. Fast train can have you certified ready for that dream job and just four short months. Call fast train to check this out call toll free 1-866 fast train and don't forget they got convenient day evening weekend classes waiting on you. Call 1-866 fast rate reserve your seat for tomorrow night for directions to the fast rain nearest by you just go to fast train.com and you'll be well on your way to a new high paying computer career fast rain south Florida's leader in computer training. It should really try to help you in a big way. Well there she is let's ask her ready is that's the down for your where she must be waiting for him is he picking you up after him last today by the way wish you good. They came from the wrong side of town they came from the wrong side of town. They told me he was the one never shake the shower a change to the towel. That's why I fell for the other act. One day my dad said buy someone new. I had to tell my dad with what you mean. I told him my cousin's way for him to go ahead and bump away. That's when he shot me the leader at the rack. There's the beast in the studio you have to in the updates. Oh you are always going to be doing the updates so what are clocking in today on the gym and it's show where is the mad dog is in here yet with the carlose of twenty dollars. They lost to me on a Friday pick it Oakland. I got mad dog boy what a loser. Here's the fact this is I think the biggest problem most people have with Georgia is that he's not you from one of our chronic factors. I like Georgia and think that he does a good job when you run vacation I would just rather listen to you as a half or a year now tell George to make the plunge and step the end of that coheba is what it says and then that coheba and after that it says. That's what it was sound like. That's what it says. He says snippet that's right I'm not going to use it anymore anyway. So anyway speaking about Bill what's his name O'Reilly and that business about George Clooney who first of all who cares what Bill or Riley thinks about anybody. Number one. Susan McDougall speaking out finally which is on our website on the enlarged.com today this is the story people ought to be concerned about not Bill O'Reilly opening up his stupid right wing mouth again. See this is the idea attack attack attack everybody who doesn't agree when Gustup and Aline attack attack and that's where it comes down to. It says for your Susan McDougall didn't talk not to prosecute is not about Bill Clinton's role in a questionable and Leo called whitewater for his salmon she's spent 18 months in jail for contempt of court plus three and a half months for fraud. She tells CBS News correspondent Jim Stewart wasn't an easy time it was not an easy time she's taught she repeats herself. But now she's telling her story and the woman who wouldn't talk. You could call him McDougall's revenge as to where it's more than her life story he says it's a bitter indictment of White House independent council can to star who led the battle to get her to speak. The pictures of her arrest in handcuffs and leg chains made her a public a pitiful figure steward remarks and McDougall tells him the shackling was tough to take. I wasn't prepared for that. I couldn't swallow or remember the tears came to my eyes and kept saying don't you dare cry this was a choice you made. But she says she we didn't have a choice she claims star as team wasn't interested in hearing the truth they wanted her to accuse Bill and Hillary Clinton the fraud. I believe they thought they had the goods enough to get him she says not the truth but the goods and I believe they went after him with untruthal witnesses with purged your testimony and I think they had their story. G.O. Time for McDougall was hard time some of its fed in America's toughest women's prisons like one in California where she was kept in isolation they called it the Hannibal Lecture Cell she says absolutely sound proof you could see out you could see in totally glass but she still wouldn't talk nothing I didn't tell them anything. She was finally released in 1998 she said she never heard from Bill Clinton until the end of his presidency when he pardoned her what would you say to him Stuart ask thank you for my pardon god bless you no animosity no if the only animosity I had is for the people who torture us there's been no comment from Ken Star McDougall's story Stuart has asked for McDougall's he says she's back in Arkansas try to pick up the pieces of her life that's the kind of fascist you're dealing with in Washington ladies and gentlemen the people like Ken Star the witch hunt crowd on the right oh George Clooney is this and this one is that and Scott ridder you know it's how just that story about his arrest how they just came out just recently right just attack and attack and attack anybody who dares not to go step in line that's what you got now freedom of speech my ass and that guy to call a couple of days ago oh gee how can you be so negative about prison of course he's the best thing he'd come down in a long time while I got news for if that's the case we're in deep crap if he's the best thing we got boy how is it possible for the be so many stupid people in one place of course you know but her six is on level you know how that works here's a call from Palm Beach hello hey don't man okay sir I really like George I think he's just so when he was on when you were on vacation it was pretty cool not better than this one oh man what are you talking about George is good right you had a preacher on a show not like as a guest somebody called all day and then easy just with killing the excellent he's okay all right not great he's okay have a good one I think there's a guy sticking out for him and this guy's like so not a fazzass but that's good we like that I don't think that's my crowd so you're proud all right stowed off his ass probably on his way to Amsterdam probably gonna hang out behind the central station but all those drug addicts all those scumbags those subhuman whatever they are I won't it'll be right there on the damwreck where used to be what's the name of that place at restaurant I was still there to markies don't need it to markies if you go to Amsterdam please if you go there don't play me to markies fair even the Dutch say that fair 513 votes on George's poll today it's only 12 19 that's a pretty damn hefty total considering we started this was the second poll today are we glad that we smith can that first one I do that that was so we over huh but that's just me just you what I thought I was it isn't because it had to do with the Super Bowl it's after the fact it's dull it's boring it's like people talk about sporting events long after they're done you know like people are continuing to rewatch the last minute of the hurricanes oh how is state game I mean get a life get a life of course these are the same people of like golf twice on a weekend but anyway seriously if that's the best you could do with your life was go out what had got fully loaded gun what did you do yesterday I played golf what at least they were yeah but I played golf with uh Brett Hall aren't you impressed? I played golf with Bobby or 513 votes why didn't he George so much I wonder firmer voted on this speaking of playing golf with Bobby or he's boringish mid 180 in fact if we just have one that says I hate him like poison unlike a person level remember what a vote of that which is why he's never going to buy you that lunch I think the main reason is not going to buy that lunch is because he's so cheap yeah you're welcome by the way remember for doing that work for more work you remember for a whole thing that got me the lunch in the first place supposedly what was that remember somebody was bad mouthing his son and I listened to hours of tapes and dubbed it off but he didn't have to fall a lot of loss to yeah this is the same guy and don't have to fall to help us get our money back from somebody he recommended to me which I don't want to mention the name on here oh I'm going to do it today yeah right but well at least when you live in the 900 thousand dollar house like he's gonna have to worry about losing whatever he lost so you should have hit me off about him oh you know this jeff high's neighbor you know we're gonna do the use here so I'm gonna send jeff high to your house and just have him sit on you that's all that's all I'll tell you he's done that all right and maybe you like it I think I learned a lot to let her out of it sit on you put whatever one in there you know z you little singer wouldn't sit on the best part of five six seven oh five sixty pound five I didn't finish the pull here he's boringish mid-hundred eighty three I don't hate him he's okay hundred thirty nine I don't I love George 94 I don't I don't he's an acid little spick forty three he's an anti-semit eighteen oh two much mumbling seventeen two much eating ass dog seventeen and too much religion talk ten so the religion talk they don't mind that only ten votes on that they like it they love it as far as we're also in a country can you hear it's got nothing to do with writer life it's got where else can you hear in the country somebody talking to truth about the religious bull crap about the biggest tax-free scam in a world organized religion bull crap when a cost you money to believe in anything you know it's a scam it's volony although I do like good volony without the uh... ahead of this five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eighty in t line his west and hello you know yeah sir okay one a lot of money this uh... left night from pretty happy about that actually right good all right i said that which i'm gonna see you over the last hour no you're not coming here i don't go to all started i don't have an exhibition games are all star games because there are baloney there's no hitting there's no nothing it's just uh... what's the point the dragon right game uh... it's not even that it's just uh... waste of time that possible has to come in the home that's just for me i mean if you go and have a great time i'm you see all those top players in the middle that's fine is something the ones that show up on the river is playing or not but good luck you i show up at the you think it's a good the same thing was what they did like to found around the game was a snap at the river telling the building that they didn't come and then i was like there's a good thing with those that was saying where they're going to where he's going to be in a uh... they never say they wait a minute they never said they killed or some of your mom and they never said that all of them now you have a lot of right players are saying that they did based on what well based on the day said that once they got all those bombs in the uh... into the uh... into the barricades and it's a bit of bunkers yeah the bunkers i thought i'd have been a time for something else in the case yeah they're in uh... back at the end of the half-gandard that's the same people are saying that you as kogis so what they know that's true for a great day that can't have a little bit worked up to think of these the video since uh... all that how do you know when that video was made just because he was talking about who one the superbowl right maybe he was pushing they started ww one other starting all over again five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty and two and horizon wireless life there's anybody have any idea what i'm talking about including me that's why i love the show because it's in coherent for that woman said i talk too fast to bad lady although sure she remembers pressure probably she probably remembers i was talking about the who killed she's is she probably remembers that she was around i witnessed she was in the crowd while she's perfect for down here okay this is not a place for living and breathing people this is a place for the walking dead make no mistake about it what am i doing the spot for now not even time yet well i'm gonna hurry to get out of here okay why don't you do the last thirty five minutes i was disgusted with the ambiance of the show today although the poll is getting a spectacla resolve but i knew it would just a chance to take a cheap shot of one of us that's all it is just a chance to take a cheap shot at somebody and rip and terren's uh man have a nice day a no i won't bad that's the response you get here what if i don't want yeah right put out of you to tell me what to do here's a lady in pemper pines hello hi Neil yes man listen i wanted to tell you how much i i i i do enjoy George when you're not there he's he's he's different he is different he's different and in this town believe me it's it's with that's what the George is great also i'm in the i'm in the middle of the my arbitron rating book great and i have a theory on why these standestations are always number one yeah do you know in the arbitron rating book all the directions and everything the first the first instructions are in stannish okay but i i swear to god it's gonna have to search for the english explanation hmm so i think that what they do is they send out you know all these and not only that but you are aware the fact that the ethnic uh his fanics and blacks to give five bucks per diaries if i want to what do you get in two bucks or a buck i got a buck when i first got the letter and then i got three bucks when i i got the actual diary really that sounds like discrimination to me it is well who can i talk to about that uh the white house all right i'll be sure to do that we love you don't forget okay thanks bye well we always say that to people you know we don't not try to goose it up a little bit why not all right but the one you bet in any language no matter how you say it don't we love her a lot a lot and George gave it to kisspy for you we had a diary now i'll give you like two to give you a pair 26 past noon at five sixty wqm the twenty dollar lighter gym managed his walrus gonna be led a effective you made a bunch of other beds like that which I'm sure he did i bet she lost sixteen pounds over the weekend it's all in a wallet the old mad dog he's British bucks he's gonna be matter than a wet uh hen because he just sold a Tampa Bay buck and he's sure the mad dog or the angry puppy get out of here you silly old koot you know another year has come and gone it's a new year i mean the month is almost over but it's still a new year and you want a new you what is regal is gonna bring another twenty bucks for Carlos everybody's chippin in the day we're taking up a fun for Carlos he's starving to death okay give them some money you're loaded anyway if you want to get that house looking brand new at least in the carpeting side of things call our good friends it dry dry concepts yeah Carlos is feeling the change now the Miguel just gave him come on in here Miguel let me see if I can feel the change anyway with dry concepts they perform a magic trick right on your floor dry concepts that only people in the world who do this they dry clean your carpeting your drapes your expensive area rugs and when a finish a job that you just won't believe if you've never had them in your house before you'll agree with me it's like a miracle right in your home because they leave everything looking just like brand new and spelling lemony fresh your carpets are grandest a couple of hours and they'll rip off see their because they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing the job so don't forget when it's time to clean your carpeting a post to reload the furniture or it's time to give it a pet orders and mill do orders caused by water damage these are the people who do a miraculous job in an unbeatable guaranteed written price in your home i've been using in my house for over 20 years everybody i know even my picky relatives used dry concepts and you should be doing the same column toll free from any place 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 or you can check them out on their website to adrakconcepts dot com don't forget clean today you can entertain tonight when you use dry concept my life and law this is for three or five six you and I'm to get it on what's the fact that a glittering pageantry of the Mohawada David show we have a full duck at today including the cavalcade of our secure ethylite of yours you know that pipes won't get still at it what what singing the songs make it fun on me they make fun of me all the time my turn no why they don't adore yeah everything will be alright bro it's a hands off me a fairy you queer yet to jump a real man don't touch only during the game yes mister they want singing i'll give him singing get on a piano i'm in there okay mom now hit it back in my day men was strained the in days look today that's why i can't tolerate this goshland days sportals were in the back day stop it you're more on but you're mad em all right we fell off again okay all right we're but I Up the butt. 32 and 560 thanks, Cody We got the mandog a still out in the building boy. You sure prolonging the agony, isn't he? He's just hanging probably up in the parking lot sitting in this car squeeze in it and as well a two Here's the call from plantation. Hello Yeah, go or drag regains socks, okay? 560 pound 560 on the AT and T see he wants to be a drop in. I know now if you're gonna want to be a drop in I mean Can't you do better than that? No, that's weak weak Here's a call from Jupiter. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. A little tribute song here on the other brightens your day It's another day in paradise on the new Roger show while George is making minimum wage Neil makes the fake fake dough Now Neil is the gal bag and it spews that potty words I'll listen to a song while killing time waiting for the early bird Not bad Give it about a seven and a half out of scale of three not too bad You could tender on or I could have been the best radio key hour that right that could have been the best call we've had all day if you Ex-me one of them isn't a running 560 we got 27 minutes to kill I know you people can do it. I thought gonna be easy Put your uh and nose to the grindstone and get your hand on the phone squeeze it yet get dialed up 567 560 pound 560 on the AT and T horizon wireless line I'm gonna go one out in the hallway to the search party for a mad dog What would be something we call it in six today? I was thinking like Joe Rosen the managed like in the mornings, you know Hey, the mad dog coming in the eight to ten part Joe in the mad dog. Is just a thought Here's my me lake. Hello. Yeah. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. Great show. Yes, it is. Let's do this Not too good. Yeah, see that Take it in another precipitous decline And I got to ask myself how low the American people gonna watch Bush and his friends sack the treasury Beech out on me and at least never read two years. They can take they're gonna take everything Yeah, they're gonna take every dime and I got I got a suggestion for a poll. Okay. How many of the unemployed who voted for Bush would do so again How many unemployed you think voted for Bush A bunch put him in a phone boat really a thing so yes Like there's they've lost like millions of jobs Plus of people who felt that they were gonna like we turn about six months and other gonna work until they're about 90 right? And you remember the misery index? Yeah, I wonder how that doing now I want you to open up the window. I think you can smell it. I wonder if it just big as it was under his father Well, I haven't checked that out yet. Okay. Look good luck, sir There's a guy that's all whipped up about our presidency and rightfully so rightfully so And that guy just asked Ari Fleissier to request him about the Bush policy on on Abstinence this ridiculous sex education Centering and focusing on abstinence as opposed to birth control Which the right wingers in the cat looks hurt aren't too crazy about all those condoms huh We don't want to be handed out condoms. We don't want to educate young people just keep it in your pants Just like Nancy Reagan said just say no. Yeah, that worked in it. No This is what you're getting man. It wasn't good enough 23 years ago and I were going back to part two again Didn't like those eight years of unprecedented prosperity didn't like all those budget surplus is now we didn't like that Let's see here's another facts about you. It says George is not knowledgeable enough to be anti-Semitic Oh, this has got to be from Maya George thinks he knows about religion and talks about it all the time like a bore He doesn't even know that Judaism is not a religion. It's worship of the Hebrew race What? It meets me With a phone in here. It's the phone in names spelled CHR-L-Y Charlie without the e phone if you're gonna use a phone He name at least spell it right okay time Plus George sounds gay and stoned in his nose is blocked up. That might be it like sunny fox Two guys who I noticed over the years have got that same sunny fox in Rick Robbie I was like oh, that's here. It sounds like there knows is our program. I don't like they have a sinus thing Okay, no, let me let me prove it to you listen nasal Hi, this is sunny fox. I listen to you. I just could like adhere to word asshole You hear that okay that like and where the hell is right? I thought everything was under see you got in so many damn places Ignorate slut yeah or like Pulled out my floppy last night. We just covered Just covered Okay We still all like yeah, I mean, I don't like it I mean, he didn't call that one day and he was sucking around a fill in for you and he just sucking around because because I just was asking that Retourically not seriously at all of course because I know these teeth bassies won't be him They really want to pay you But he didn't call after Mike died right there was a suds it to that and we're Sean you know Terry Griffin Right just a gratuitous like because he's sucking around a fill in for it. I'm muscle in here a little bit he could do like I'm not a one would be okay Come on Rick what do you say? Come in here finish off the show. I love this show. Yeah You just you just don't like him. You need to want to admit it. I on the other hand 567. Oh 560 pound 560 you got a lot of votes on here George I totally this pull it over bigger than god damn Mary town of more 557 votes. Oh wow So while we response on the photos pretty god damn weekend lame today, which is Monday. It's after the Super Bowl They don't have a lot to talk about we we had to cut them off in the past on those businesses that are out of business Which we've had about 40 of those they tried to sneak those in here today. Do we want to hear any more of those? No no In fact just out of spite we're gonna go out and start rebuilding all those places just to take them off the list Here's Miami. Hello, yes, sir He re-race was a marathon and dammering exactly and by the way So I you said something before I actually played golf with bread. Oh did you really if I did not over there by rumors house and the gorse Where's that that's in Miami Beach. Oh that was quite a while the rumors over in Davy now I got a golf course behind him. Oh there's Brett whole play over there and there's this one and there's that one out big deal This is a wildback. Why do you play golf? I like it. Why? It's a beautiful sport. Yeah, it's a beautiful game. No, let's say sport. I was born Well go out and walk for four hours and see if tell me if it's a sport or not Walking for four hours is a sport absolutely when you're swinging a club a hundred times. Oh boy And by the way, I missed this came dog track. Yeah, me too. So that's so does Ken Maldon. How about Miami Beach dog? Okay 567. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line What's his score if he's looking at the club a hundred times? He don't score. That's why he's out there playing golf Kill him time kill him time People with too much idle time and a rinse play a lot of golf. Oh I was out there play golf with bread. Oh, I can't stand bread. Oh, okay. How do you like that sir? I don't care bread. I'll play golf beyond rumors house every goddamn day from now until next look is I don't like bread Hall. I don't like his attitude. I don't like the TV play sport. I don't like any of the teams he ever played for how do you like that? Bread Hall. Hey, Brett. Cox, a hoist baby And all you funny red wing fans out there with your red wings jerseys and front running phone is phoneies Makes me nauseous I'm gonna make you sick of your stuff. What and you only never heard from again. She'll ever call again. Esther Esther after you ripped her ass so many times Why because she's fat and she's got her nose pressed up against the goddamn glass down there like yeah, maybe like put two new pig You said that not me You said that all the bras that are down there before the games that had their nose pressed up to glass when the players come up Couldn't get laid in the pickle pants. You said that I never had you didn't believe and you used her like his supposed your child I was terrible you'd lie in stack a crap. Yeah, yeah, and what's your point? How's her friend Janet doing they hate you like poison by the way? Let's see you. Let's look at I he's okay or he I love George 40 look at that 45 points. I'm you're almost up to 46% But that still leaves you under 50% Oh man, and I'm supposed to build up the audience again if you weren't and not only that, but how about December when I took that to I'm never doing that again I do that two years in a while done it like to benefit them. Do I get a gratitude from them? Do they appreciate it? No Because I take the two weeks together when they're no ratings going on So I can do the entire fall book and pretty much the entire I win a book right do I get anybody same all we sure appreciate the fact you You know I don't want to take two weeks together like that in December at any time I Can take like from the 20th till the rest of the time you know that that's fine That's to me. That's one week. You know the way I do my vacations before 42 days a week What's wrong with that look at look at Hank thanks out there in San Diego all week last week Plungin has got to the track he gets to go to the Super Bowl last night He's doing a show in Vegas today taking off tomorrow because he's got to travel back in his good post But he's gonna fill in tomorrow and more power to him. We love fat Hank on a show even please lose some weight Please don't you agree with me? Please, no seriously. I mean I go away for a little while for a couple of months and I come back It's like I gotta be here just like fat rich. I gotta stand over these guys because I Come on, hopper losing answer to 19 to one at five sixty wqm. Hey speak of that. How about talking about food again? See, that's a problem. We're always talking about food But we do enjoy delicious food from florist Flores has been and that same great location for about what six seven hundred years now All you people want to dwell on the places there out of business Here's good news for a great place that's still in business Whether it's eating and taking out or calling for delivery everything out of florist kitchen is made fresh to order from the homemade dough for the pizza and garlic rolls To the fabulous sauces made fresh and never from a can I can't stay when they scoop it out of the can can you? Great pasta specials nightly and the pizza specials are amazingly reasonable only 1199 for large cheese pizza What the heaven doesn't garlic rolls and lead or soda? 1399 gives you a large cheese pie lead or soda and six chicken wings at florists But try to homemade meat lasagna. It's just oozing with melted cheese oozing I think they took all the cheese that dogs have leftover and I got you get all of that and then some I love oozing melted cheese And the gut stuff to do for the kids to while you're eating they got all kinds of games and stuff You love the casual come as you are atmosphere at florist They're open seven days a week for lunch dinner parties and catering Call them a 305 7 5 8 5 3 551 and in fact why you're eating just like the kids were losing play in the neighborhood there florist There's that's a spectacular idea 7 5 8 53 51 or eat right there 79 switches to bless East of his game Volubar come see what a hell cold for us. What are they great attention restaurants in the universe call florist pizza Be sure and tell them that Neil and George and Carlos everybody else since you buy they delivered a quay side cricket club Jockey club Miami shores as far south on this game as 34 Street north 130 fifth West and Northwest 12 Street East to Collins and 74 You got all those written down good florists be sure call them tonight You What I'm a favorite and now it's time for leave it to Ozzy starring Barbara Billingsley as June Cleaver Cuba mod as Ward Cleaver and the irrepressible azios born as the eyes Oh I Oh I can see someone woke up on the wrong side of the van Oh Bloody hell I'm a Heter What a shannon Shannon Who's Sharon is that one of your friends from school dear Good morning, Ozzy I F*** you to get me fight Now Ozzy, that's no way to talk to your father Say son what have you got plan for today? We're very worried about going playing for today. What oh no Which one's the prince of dog is after hand out a f***ing Our channel I'm gonna go fight the head off of the boss of the hosco. How's that up? You have fun now. Okay. I think yeah Yeah, sure one go f***ing yourself We hope you enjoyed this episode Oh, no believe it to Ozzy to the next week when you hear Ozzy say But much is okay come down Ozzy not as much as the Pepsi spots 1247 at 560 WCM is mad dog in a building yet not that 20-year Carlos or waitin We're hanging on it Here's key largo hello Oh, yes, sir. Hey, but it boy Long time listener since around about 1987 okay, he would be around about 15 years 16 Like I said 16 right and who's counting there he wait a minute hang on a second There is my man there's the great Jim Man is what they give it to Carlos. He's taken it We're gonna frame that and you know, I don't want to see he's a hard ass But how could you possibly he just he just wanted to give us the money itself? But it was like on he why what do you say? I'll tell y'all figure Ha ha ha ha ha ha look how red in the face he is I would be too after a thrashing like that What did I tell you about rich gang and most overrated quarterback ever to put on a goddamn jackstrap go ahead sir. I'm sorry Go ahead. I'm sorry. Oh, you know either Paul is a house pal listen to me Okay, I'm glad he finally came in with the twin all go that's what you've been talking You want to see how old the 20 years to look like it was like he had it wrapped up in his back No more probably his old as he is but probably it's one more years. Hey, I Do you remember the donut guy the donut guy from around about 80 you mean the the you Well, wait man, you open the pardon me you open. Oh Remember the donut guy you should call you and give you crap to me the the wintual guy Yeah, yeah, you open that was the wintual. That's you It's it's me right which was donuts exactly and then crispy cream came along you got out of your system Because they want to visit good. Well see That's the reason I guess you won't be doing that again service as I won't Okay, have a great day. I did it well. I won't request by the boy 15 16 years listen to you may I ask one week What had I I'm gonna play it but go ahead. I am set by the listen to me the Don Henry Was doing a bottle of a bit and then he got at the end of it start banging his shoe against the are you sure table? Yeah, remember? No, I know I give it all Not a shoe On you can eat Negro. Yeah, we don't have that to do much. You start banging his shoe against the table Yeah, but wait yeah, but wait a second right? Not today, but it's not today. No, no, not today. But it won't be these days 5 6 70 5 60 don't interrupt buddy boy. Okay? Now this guy has read look if you think he was bad today You a m David's bitch McDonald's is cutting the fat in their fries, but here at McDonald's We're upping the fat Why eat healthy when you can enjoy those good old grease-oops artery clogging french fries and Mcdubles Mcdubles has double the fat doubled the flavor and double the size of our fries now Troy Mcdubles double death was combo a burger and soft drink with five pounds of Dubles double fat fries for just 99 cents because Mcdubles knows what every ignorant Uneducated greasy here acting face poor fast-slaw Get a free Mcdiff search of it all supplies last did somebody mention Mcdubles 1254 at five 16 over to QM Mcdiff. I love it Senator Hillary Rodden Clinton launched a blistering critique of the Bush administration domestic anti-terror effort Friday same the nuisance a nation's new home-line security plan is a myth and a cut-reasony marginally safer than it was before 9-11 our people remain vulnerable nearly as vulnerable as we were before 9-11 New York Democrat told audience attending a Homeland Security conference at John Jay College of Criminal Justice in Manhattan We've relied on a myth of Homeland Security a myth written in rhetoric in adequate resources and a new bureaucracy instead of relying on good old-fashioned American ingenuity might and muscle she said the truth is we're not prepared We're not supporting our first responders and our approach to securing our nation is haphazard at best she said somewhere along the line we lost our age we let our guard down is what she said and she is and you notice now how all of a sudden the gloves are off and this teflon business now that the uh popularity ratings are down like 54 55 percent the teflon is like falling apart it always does screen better late than ever Hi Ali a hello hello yes sir hey how are you doing good as one say that George is awesome and you guys make the station all right we agree we're horribly yeah i'm a who deal from highly and i just want to say i've listened to you since i've been 14 years old all right and you guys are awesome right thanks a lot of me go all right thank you all for your late okay there's a great subject from highly a tour to the course from highly of the best in i tell you that i've always saw the tour best by test breast good guy loves you and he loves me like crazy and he survived he's been listening to the show since he was 14 years old and he's still alive how do you like that it's quite a volume of you many extra there to talk about i'd be listening to that and it'll write your brain yeah you should listen along look at a vote so on this thing for one thing about George man like i said there's no man be pambi there's there i don't care what they say about he's okay and that's anyway why do you hate George so much we have studied because he started to take it personally a little bit of stuff he's boring as Schmidt 200 people said you're boring 34 percent boring which you can't help that it's just you i'll try i mean even when it comes in the morning before the show he's there bambi bambi bambi i think i think you boring i don't hate him he's okay 156 i don't hate him i love George 114 so put those two together got 45.7 percent you're approaching 46 percent which of course he's a little more than 54 percent who have like some practical things to say toward you for example he's an assy little spik 48 too much eating as talk 22 he's an anti-semit 20 20 too much mumbling 17 and too much religion talk only 12 so i think if you go by this next time you're on a lot more religion talk mumblet and uh... ripped the juice but other net huh well you got a little even i'm always talking to you wish asked there you go there's the great topic for George's next appearance on his show eating jewish ass for palestin in fun and profit that of course if you're doing a talk show while you're eating jewish ass you tend to mumble yeah well always try to tell him don't talk with your mouthful so anyway what did mad dog call me but the second part was a what what sucker come on man i don't know read in the face yeah of course i have no problem with that no problem that whatsoever i and i heard he knows time radio close in personal matter fact maybe introduces but the fact of the matter is it was like taking candy from a baby you know what it really boils down to see last year he didn't like to pay to it's you want to why jealousy see i find this trait in this time to be very is one thing if you want to feel that way it doesn't cost you any money and so good thing he's not one of our big degenerate sports nerd gamblers like a lot of other people on the station because he be broke he'd be barking money he wants to twenty back from Carlos he always how it rickled up and dusty that thing was he gave you and the money too for last year i didn't like to pay for its because of jealousy or they got lucky in the Oakland game that he cocked and he tuck into the uh stick it because of the fact that it's not not that often see in the fc's so it's a jealousy factor wasn't us it was them this year it's Tampa Bay who's in Florida see being a Florida team and not being the dolphin so therefore that he's allowing his emotions to cloud his judgment and when you're talking about gambling about making a tangible uh... gesture you can't do that follow him saying what do you say it would be like going to the track you go to the track you vote on a cute lady in jockey okay because he's cute that's all she's been a win the race right see what i'm saying but she's cute but you said in other words you like to put a few bucks on a rass but that's beside the point do it after the race so my point being it was like taking candy from a baby anybody who really knows the game anybody who saw the way that that team twelve and four in a regular season just awesome unbelievable the fence of powerhouse crushed rich gannon like a like stepping on an ant like stepping on a net and yet i got twenty one points for one of them was the uh... the black tami tupa who's my these the weeklint contemporary get rid of tami tupa he plays more like they're in pupa tami tupa that one black pun running for a touchdown right away and then of course jury rice they felt sorry for jury because he's on a way out so they know a lot of my it's a touchdown late in the game but other net ask kick in baby and Carlos has got a big smile on his post the easiest twenty dollars you will ever make in your life like i said okay mad dog and i got to be doing some schedules switching here pretty soon anyway he's coming long next you got hang from Vegas at three and then after that you're on your own if i'm gonna suck on something it's not gonna be an oyster