Take off those check-a-pants from the writer of Silence of the Lands. And the producers of Snatch comes the motion pitcher that completes the trilogy. The kill 14 people. If we now have a son's husband, Arthur, and the scorer questions. It's time to cast me so far. The world's most feared serial killer is loose again. You hear that, Doug? I'm talking to the ones. Is this going to the start of you back on the case? You're so pretty, buddy. Dining on human flesh once he was sucked. But now he's not feeding around the voice. As this curry, he reverse'll pitchers, presents. Hannibal, I'm giving various his thoughts. To eating your life, snatch, opening in theaters everywhere. 9.0.1.5.60. WQA. I'm happy Thursday to avoid the QA family just continues getting more dysfunctional by the minute. If you ask us, and we'll tell you the answer is yes. For example, we got, oh yeah, we got that. Yeah, we got that. All of the least Carlos has got a mental man. It's just a little bit above what the... Clarences is looking for. Because as Clarences is morning, I said, well, what demographic are you appealing to? Now he said, hey, huh? What demographic would you like to be our median aide? Not just necessarily age, but mentality. And he said, yeah, I think he's got a good head start. But don't get started, Neil, because that would be really bad. Check it out. You got a mother. Think it up, Dally dance, five six seven. Oh, five six, you baby. Come on, stop me. I know you're down there. Where are you going tonight? Come on, bring out. Let me see the rent. Get it. Get it. Get it. Feeling. Oh, come here, don't eat. Give me sea sky for those Latin lovers down there, body old boards. Oh, brother. So anyway, in case anybody missed the debut of Scott for well on QM last night, we are funny to see about that. Look at to it. First of all, can you imagine we got the beast and Zack at 10 o'clock tonight? Now can you imagine the battle for the food on that show? Are they going to be the same studio? If they could get the ratings by the pound on that show, have a 25-share easy. 10 to 2, the beast and Zack following the big, Oh, you know, I'm beginning to realize we got some holes in line up here. You know what? There's some definite holes in the QM lineup. Oh, I love those Latin ladies. What I don't like is the cap on this microphone. My god, it's from like 1986. Heck was bust in awesome whip chunk. Jesus. Howard in a morning with some cowards. Yeah, Howard eats that. What is that brand that he eats? Special K. This special. Special K for the moment. Anyway, here's the fact to get a started. I do want to mention that Raymond and sales is not only an asshole. He's also a liar. Do we want to say that, Banner? Yeah. Yeah, he's an asshole and a liar. Like most salespeople. Also, Bob Iceberg, thanks for the new copy Bob. You got to like this white stripe down the middle of it. It's all screwed up. But your hell of a guy, Bob. Kind of like the white stripe. He's got that on the middle of that red piece he wears. Anyway, before we get into a Raymond who's a liar in our sales department, Hey, we know you weren't talking about the client being on the best behavior. We know we were talking about little beener boy. Bring it. Be on your best behavior. I'm bringing it to a client. He tries to turn it around like he was telling the client Beyond your best behavior. And a client was out in the hallway. Looked him in the eye. And say, hey, beener boy. Be on your best behavior. I'm bringing a client in here. And when I outed him on the areas today. And of course, it's all over the building. Because they're all glued to their videos during these four hours. Make no mistake about it. And anybody who gets ripped on his show. And of course, there's a lot of people. They hear about it all day long. They hear it from the crowd. Don't you hate that expression? That was a Marvel algorithm. He's hearing it from the crowd. And then everybody stood picking up on it. Because those sports nerds, you know, they're like a bunch of copycats. Roll and write out of this web. I know that. Hungry of. He is so sick. And so, uh, grow test. Yeah, I really is grow test. Scott for real. But he might fit writing on his show. And some going on vacation starting tomorrow. He might do a great job here on his show during vacation. We'll find out who the audience wants. That's our poll today. We're going off this movie thing. We've milked the movie thing very, very well. Thank you very much. And speaking of milking things, the Dracula very old and phony votes. They didn't escape my very very very, very, uh, sharp eye. 39 votes of which 30 of them are phony. And all started pouring in here this morning. Just to try to piss me off as if I were to give a crap. Maybe there are, they want to be boyfriend with. Yeah, he's guy with him. He's got a follow-up. Is that, does he? Yeah. Mostly creditors. Here's a facts from see he's doing that again. You're doing the semaking the same sounds that Beast was making with the forrelash night. I won't do it again. And then the mull is right. Farford B for me to ever agree with mull. But he, he's got his tongue right on this morning. I have seldom heard anybody suck such hard ass as Beast was doing with forrelash night. Just suck it. And you know something Beast, you're still awful. We go baseball a 30 of the four we go baseball. See, but this is what happened when you put a bunch of children on here. And the two of us are the two of us. And the rest of the people, they can't afford to pay anybody. And they say we have a bunch of kids. And then we got George who's kind of in limbo who's need to wreck kid nor are you know. Or a professional broadcast or somewhere like in between. But he needs the money. When you think that's an apt expression, sure he needs the cash. Anyway, the fashion time in Hollywood says watch, Reckley and for Dream Last, on an independent film channel. Thank you and George for telling me about it. And I know that you're not going to be a problem. There's now my arm hurts and the refrigerator's attacking me. Oh, chronic cotton Hollywood PS. Go to Requiem for Dream.com for a whole hell of a lot of fun. These people are sick and so am I. Yes, you are, Ty. Yet a Beast had his tongue inserted so deep in a forrel's ass last night. Back home that it took four paramedics to get it to slide it out of there. And about a pound of Vaseline. Who is your all time favorite character from the movies we asked yesterday. And our final movie pull for a while. Inspector Cluesso 131. James Bond played by Sean Connery 120. You see how important it was that we separated? Wasn't denying that. Yes, you were. Hannah Bollector had 80. Dirty Harry Kellahan 78. Gonna research in Hartman the drill sergeant in Flemittal Jack at 69. Carl Spackler. From Caddy Shack was tied with Michael Corleone with 58. You know, you asked me an interesting question. And the only thing I can think of. While Michael had more votes than Don Corleone is because Michael was in three of the movies. And Don Corleone he was a croaked in the first one. I mean, that's pretty bad. What am I with? Make you drink and so does the spit. Exactly. Michael has 58. Tony Montan has 54 Darth Vader 53. Don Corleone only had 44. And to be very honest with you, I don't think there's any comparison. Do you? No. Yeah, they're on inside of. Gary Olman's got 39 votes 30 of them phony, so stick him way down the bottom of list of Dracula. Did you adjust to piss me off? Forest gum 30. Josey Wales had 23. Jewels windfield from pulp fiction 23. James Bond has played by Roger Moorehead only 22 small potatoes. Fletch 21. Doc Holiday Val Kilmer 19. Dracula Bella Legosi 19. Dracula. Winds by a mile. Troncy Gardner 17. Mr. McMurphy. Our P. McMurphy from a cook who's nested 17. Howard Veal. Who's the real deal? He shouldn't unlaw it or not. I voted for me at 17. Mad Max 15. Rocky Balbohead 15. General Patton at 14. Charlie Chan 12. Beatles Jews 12. Carl from swingblade had 11. Martin Riggs lethal weapon 11. Sparky Grizzwald. Who the hell is that? Chevy Chase from the vacation movies. I mean those were funny movies but that was their favorite character. Sarah Goldfarb and Travis Bickel and they all had 10. Sparky Sarah and Travis. Frank Booth had nine. It was George D'Hurley. Papa I do well seven. Rats O'Rizzo seven. Hank from me myself and Irene had seven. Hank had seven. Baby Jane had seven. Alice Delage from from what you call it had seven. Clockwork Orange. Clockwork Orange. I would have got it. You'd have to like see what he's doing. He's doing like the beast. Fat Clemenza had seven. Tarzan Johnny Weissman. We had seven out there. What like to get into is the loincloth. Hot arrest Thompson played by Johnny Depp and fear of low thing in in weight to lost wages six. Jack Torren six. Amen goat. That how he says name. Get him. Get him and get him and get him. What does I'm in get six. Sunny Corlionic. Sunny only sent 10. Only had five for Queen O'Law. The thing you put it brings all over your nice. I believe so. Wicked which from the wish it was had five. Your strategy for it would had only four. Lawrence of a radio for dark helmet head four. Percule Paro head three red Butler two. We got we got red Butler. I just noticed that. Did you see that? Maybe they've read buttons. It's supposed to be red Butler. We apologize our H.E.T.T. And it's his red Butler. Oh brother. We got some of this one in these pools. Stanley Kawalski one and Joe Buckhead. None. I've covered it in 35 votes. Joe Buckhead the big. Oh big. Oh. Which is amazing if he actually. Oh. Yeah. See now everybody's got their own jingles. The big goes got one. Yeah. She's got. She got Bina boys got his own thing. Of course the new guy. He don't have one yet. Jesus. I love it. Yeah. We'll probably get some calls about Scott for all what a fantastic job he did last night. From all those professional sport flickers. See first of all anybody who would listen to ESPN radio in the first place has got to be a sports nerd. Nobody with the maturity of more than a five year old listens to ESPN sports ever. So the fact he used to be on overnight sunny SP and radio and the fact that some of these people may be from New York and heard him there. Those were the people who were calling in sucking. I mean you talk about the beast sucking as real hard. Wow. Do you hear some of those colors last night? I'm with the forl. You did hear him because you got a spy report. I didn't put Neil with his breath. Yeah. Exactly. Way up in Toronto. And even from 1200 miles away they can still smell it. Hey. Hey. I'm sure you're nice guy. That's a report we got put on the year. I wouldn't wish you on hunger, Kimler or cheap channel. How do you like that? We're really moving up in the world. Here's today's poll before we do the break. Who should fill in for a Neil this summer? George? Rick and Sons? Forrow? Lynn Sanules since you mentioned that incident that you want your job and your right. Steve Kane? The beast? Or a black me, she's guy, you're a spinner boy. That's the list we got so far. Don't forget that deadline has come and gone. The deadline was 12 minutes ago. For our hot couple's contest I think it's going to be pretty interesting. We got about 14, 15 pitchers to put on there. More than that? Yeah. About 18 I think. Wow. So you have a week now to vote. What time are we going to have those pitchers up? Give or take? Any second I should be up by 10. Really? Yeah. So then in the next week up till next Thursday, May 22. You'll be able to vote in a couple of the most votes. Good prize. Grand prizes. Three day two night stay for two with the world oasis resort and casino in Bahamas. With round trip airfare on Lake Rerear and a runner up gets dinner for two at the pizza lock. I didn't hang around with Jeff Cohen. He'll tell you about how great it is to take that trip that you missed out on. So that's why I'm going to be doing that once each month, this month and then in June and in Julio. How's Julio doing by the way? Have a good summer. Damn it. Good guy, Julio. He was too good for QA and we blew his ass out. Probably because we got fine for over I think we were over to wait limit. QAM. What's your thing? Construction hazard building hazard. Yeah, we were over wait limit. 913 at 560 WDQM. You know, talk is cheap. It's easy to throw out a lot of really appealing low numbers that sound great. But what it comes right down to it. What can you really get refinance debt? 5% 4%. How about 2.45% with our friends at financial group? With interest rates of only 2.45% it really is your best bet and it's rock solid too. So, call financial group now toll free, 1-800-940-080. That's 1-800-940-080 in the interest rates of at all time. Most of why not refinance your home or buy a new home and take advantage of a sure thing right now. And that's 2.45% financing with financial group. What will 2.45% financing do to your monthly payments? You probably wonder right now. Here's the answer. If you have a $200,000 loan, your payments are only $700,000, $86 a month. If you have a $100,000 loan, you're only $133,000. Get yourself 2.45% financing from them. The good folks at financial group call them today. There's no obligation. Ask away 1-800-940-080. That's financial group 1-800-940-080 in the either an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions apply of course and rates are subject to change monthly. 5.34 APR. $100,000. Get yourself 2.45% financing from the other team. Go ahead. PAYPIR. PAYPIR. PAYPIR. PAYPIR. PAYPIR. PAYPIR. PAYPIR. PAYPIR. PAYPIR. PAYPIR. PAYPIR. PAYPIR. PAYPIR. PAYPIR. If you're God driving without a seat belt, you will be removed from your car and shot. The police now have the authorities who enforce seat belt safety under the new Patriot Act 2. The new laws in effect now, so click it or be shot. Officers don't like doing this. They are only following orders. It's for your own protection in the neverending fight against terrorism. Terrorist acts such as mouth noise. Purping and fighting. Good be annoying you others. So under Patriot Act 2, eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants. Anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot. It's the law. We like saying that. The law. The law. The law. It's the law. I think about our biggest law. He's got his own studio over there. That should be against the law. Putting him on here. I don't want to be too harsh. He'll be on for a hang to our wife for a while. If anybody missed him last night, he'll be on tomorrow 3 to 7. He'll be at the Eiffreatment. He'll be on today though. From the Freatment. After the mad dog. We got the big 7. We got the beast and Zack at 10 o'clock tonight. Entertainment by the pound. Enjoy Mark overnight. Well, I said it. We got to get to work those summer months. You know, when we put anything on here. Right. I mean, PR rounds says your good close personal friendies. His heart wants to move me last night on IFC. The drugs don't help me. Remember the name. Wreckly and for a dream was the name PR. What an awesome movie. But I have one question. How can those guys slip a TV on a boardwalk and Kona Island and that cheap TV card. And then not fall down. There was a lot. When you was wired as they were and you got the when you was determined as they are. No problem. Never missed a beat. But you are correct. It was an awesome very awesome. We will watch it again Friday at 9 p.m. I independent film channel. So if I didn't see it last night, forgot about it or just to whatever. It'll be on again tomorrow night at 9 on independent film channel. IFC. 567.0560. pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Oh, you haven't died yet. Too bad. No. That's your buddy. It is. Two days in row right out of the box. Venus not doing too good of a job on it. Well Venus too busy. You know what the pick talking about how much you enjoyed for all on a radio last night. And he did. 567.0560. pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Here's Miami again. Hello. Miami. Nobody under. Peter boy. Here's Miami online. 7. Hello. You know what I mean? Okay. Okay. For all. Hey, listen. A couple things. First of all, I didn't watch that movie. Recreem for a dream. Yeah. Didn't get into it. I really thought it was a very slow starting. Very ponderous movie. But thank God. Godfather 2 was on at 330. And that helped. I didn't get into it. No. It was slow starting. I didn't think it made much sense. I had to turn it off and thank God Godfather was on. Oh, I mean, how many times much is like the Godfather? How many times can you watch the same thing? Oh, you got lucky in that red good. Red goose spaghetti sauce. You got to try new things, man. This is Godfather 2. Yeah. I'm in. So anyways, I did try to watch it. I took your advice, but I can't say I really fell for it. The second thing is, who do you think is going to get to boot with Mr. Ferrell? Bigel? Who's getting to boot? Well, let's meet taking a look. Well, let's meet taking somebody's place. I mean, he's not going to be part time. Oh, I have no idea who to hell knows. Well, at least you have one more person to put on the QAM School of Broadcasting. Yeah. Well, I was to give a new morning lineup. I was thinking that guilty, uh, Ferrell and, um, Lenny Martesa began. Have a great day, pal. Yeah. He didn't like the movie. How do you like that? I thought we'd been. I saw for a second there to phones were all that up like a Christmas tree. I thought those were all people to watch the flick last night. And why did it call them safe? Thank you. It was really sensational. I mean, it sucked. I don't know, but this guy couldn't even get into it. I mean, I'm sorry. I don't need to be seeing Godfather one, two or three anytime again soon. Okay. I've seen him all about 500 times each. And my whole concept now, and the reason we talked about movies last couple of witches because I'm being turned out to a whole bunch of great new movies that I never saw before. They may not be brand new as far as the theater right now, but we've been in the last, you know, a couple of years. Right. And they're all great. The game was great. Merkin, uh, psycho was great. Requiem for dream. I don't care what this guy says. I'll take Requiem for a dream. Any day that we go for Godfather, too. Godfather one, no. Godfather one still up there. My top five. I and Requiem for dreams. My top five. Hmm. So starting. Yeah. Ha ha ha. Ha ha. I just, I don't understand it. I think maybe this guy's had too many bad trips to sunrise lakes. He's just, he's got, got his aversion to people like Sarah. And her neighbors. I think maybe that's what the problem is. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Good morning, new. Yes, sir. Can you play the fruotepe? Uh. So that's two out of three so far. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. In Verizon. Wireless line. Miami. How come all these Miami calls? There's something really fishy here. Hello. You know, huh? See what I mean? For out of five. Ain't bad. Here's Kendall. Hello. Yes, sir. I knew how are you. Great. You guys are the best. Listen. You got studs only on that pole for the summer. No. First of all, let me say this to you. As much as I like studs, studs doesn't do a show. Well, studs, that show was studs in, uh, George was pretty good. How about studs in George with the strippers and all that. That was a great show. That's the possibility. George and suds will put that on there. Also, I wanted to just take a moment to mention one of my memorable characters. Um, because I didn't get through yesterday. Marissa told me and my cousin Vinnie. Okay. Anybody, uh, because that's staying out. Didn't see it. Anybody see it? I saw it. It was all right. My cousin Vinnie is a great movie. Also, anything Marissa told me does is really good. Okay. Like, uh, untamed heart. Give her to that. We'll take your word for it. Thanks. Okay. Get out of here. This is a fact that says when you're gone this summer, I think Joseph Gacky and his hurricane game partner, Don Bailey Jr. should fill your time slot. They could just scream and orgasm about football because as you know, that's all his time cares about. It could scream and like orgasm together as well. He's saying. Oh, my. Oh, my. Work. If these two are busy, Moca just pull him eight hours shift. They'll be so exhausted by the time you came back. You'd have to be tearing that would benefit all parties involved. Get the honey Jr. That's what the fact says. Okay. That's what it says, Joe. Oh, my. Oh, my. I should put your eyes on the air just for last trip. Joe Z. Get him on there. Okay. List is going like toxic. We can put that new pull up there anytime we want Carlos. I just mentioned that in case you interact in every city working on the on the hot couple's thing and the polls on top of the poll, the sending a tool. So he's that's do that. All right. Don't not don't start getting all defensive on his behalf. Okay. He can handle it. He's a big boy. I mean, really big. Are we going to put Jordan's son down there? Yeah. I just said yes. Okay. Just see. There's a little bit of a rail in Samuel Steve Kane, the beast Carlos. Beater boy, Georgian suds and Josie is what we got so far and if anybody missed for rail, did you see some of the hose? I got an awards ripping in there. Ha ha ha ha ha. I guess he's going to be spending a lot of time in a control room there and our control not in my room in here, but in yours. Oh, I want to see some of the hose dripping on the wall. By the way, they ain't hose dripping. I don't want to. I want to. I tell them what it is. No. No. 926 at 560 WQA. I'm got only knows what's on the wall and end joint. Hey, get into the barbecue in season with the perfect grill at the absolute best price at guaranteed. This week, take advantage of no payment. Same as cash finance. I'm going to tell Janie where 2004 on a proof credit with our friends at Barbecue's Galore. Barbecue's Galore carries the largest slush to Barbecue's accessories. You'll find anywhere and even better than that is all of the guaranteed lowest prices, including liquid propane, natural gas, charcoal, smokers and tug-a-togates appliance too. Barbecue's Galore's got an exceptional slush to whereberg-griles waiting for you. From the Weber's Smokey Joe charcoal barbecue, and only $27.70. To the Weber's Summit Gold D, which features 16-less steel burners, a double wall stainless steel lid, side burner rotisserie, and much much more. Barbecue's Galore carries an exclusive line of grill's would make great more great features and half the price of comparable grill elsewhere. I'm just trying to look down the ascribed on a middle-to-copy Bob. Before you buy a new grill, you gotta check out Barbecue Galore's amazing selection with stores and plantation and coral springs too. Let Barbecue's Galore's knowledgeable sales staff have hit the cap the perfect grill, and answer all your barbecue inquestants too. Everything you'd be needing for Barbecue and waiting for you to these two great stores don't forget Plantation and Coral Springs Barbecue's Galore. Why, and local, we're sports radio 562A, two-way, yeah. Los Nielin Jorge, our seat. I take their place. Oh, I forget to pay open bit. Today we put a Macola to probably your favorite operating system, what is your favorite operating system? Windows 87, Windows 95, Windows 98, 200 NTE, Windows XP, laptops, Bluetooth lockers, Windows 8, Windows 95. We have a개� policing system and that's good. The two detectives can't control what they can control. I'm not doing like you just throws in and I had to co-tow to his whimmy. I hate you. I hate you too. I hate you too. I hate you too. Please, go net it. Well, they got me there. The 9-8. 9-30 at 5-60, I don't think so. Here's a fact. This looks like a rich pack is writing again, but it obviously is not. Maybe this has the same printing as everybody else you think, because this is our most chronic effects are for sure from the plumbing place. It says, is that voice for real or are you kidding? He sounds like Roma after gardening with glass shards, George Hadfillan, and bring in suds every Friday, is what this says. I love that guy. Or every day. Do you want to say it? I love that guy. There's nothing better than a guy that just farts and burps. There you go. We got it late. Not that guy. Well, we don't, I don't know on personal. I've never met the guy, but I've said it consistently before he was on a state where he was on from ESPN. It wasn't really on the station. He just doesn't have a voice radio, and it is his pretty much his real voice would be your boy told me. Yep. You were in there and bonded with him in between and the, uh, thoughts like that. So he nobody could fake that, because if you try affecting that sound within about 20 seconds, your vocal cords will start hurting, and you'll never be able to speak again. You know what I'm saying? So that's his voice. In fact, here's a fact from Anthony. By the way, Anthony, don't tell me how to be. I do good pull Anthony, okay? Anthony 22 male listeners may have 1998. Excellent. I think Anthony sent us some naked pictures. Scott Perrell sounds like he's doing a band impression of Tom Arnold, also your read your pull results wrong. I don't want to instruct you how to do your show. Then don't Anthony, we should read the winner of the pull last read from the bottom of the top, like in Hebrew, I guess. Isn't that how you do it in Hebrew? You read from the bottom of the top or backwards. Something like that. Well, anyway, thanks, Anthony. That's for you, sweetheart. Okay, we're going to get that new pull up. I don't want to be pushy, but it seems to me, I could be wrong, but it seems to me that if he puts the new pull up there, then he and his leisure, he can do the thing with the pictures for our contest. See so the people who start voting on it. You see what I'm saying? Yeah, I'm sure that's what he's doing. Are you? Let me call him make a wish. I should fill in for a meal this summer. George Rick and Sugs. For real. And just belches. And the best thing I tell you, I told this guy. The other day, I said, literally, the favorite thing I hear when I got done that is, I'm not tired of that. Who should fill in for Neil is summer. George Rick and Sugs. For real, Lynn Samuel's Steve Kane, the beast. Carlos aka Biner Boy, George and Sugs or Josie. Josie Gakkin. Josie Gakkin, fuck, okay. Okay. That's the choice to so far. And I'm, I'm, are you bitterly disappointed, recon-prodream? We had the one, one or two faxes. Two, I guess. And we had the one guy, we're also far, who's thought last night, tried to watch it and couldn't get into it. It was too slow and he wanted to watch and Godfather two again. I've never met anyone that wasn't blown away by that movie. I mean, that's, that's one of the, okay. I'll say 10, I'll stretch it. It's one of the 10 best movies ever made. That's not my opinion. That's a fact, right? It's a non-dividable. It's like saying today is Thursday where we are right here. It's Thursday, okay. It was, it was flawless. There was nothing wrong with it. And as far as it's starting slowly, what does that mean it started slowly? It's just the, in fact, if it were to start at any faster, you never would have lived through it. Because that's the idea, the whole movie. It starts a little slow and then it gets like speeds up and then you go wound up and wound up to the point we like, you know, like you feel like you just dropped acid. I don't know, I'm bitterly disappointed, but not surprised. Not surprised. That's his crowd. There's the watch and caddy check. Here's homestead. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. Question coming into some of your vocations. You said talk about Amsterdam a lot. You don't seem to really talk about it. You're a ten-year-old change. It just was an error. So go in there. So great place to visit, but it's not a place to live. That's the problem. Okay. It's too backward to live there. It's too difficult to do everything. It's tough. Okay. Good for vacation, still. No, sure. Okay. Appreciate it, Dennis. You going? I'm going to try it. Have a great time, man. Thanks. I'll see you on the damn rack. I'll see you by the old church. I'll see you on New and Dike. I'll see you on the Pinsen craft. Let's see. I'm warning you if you put Joseph E. Sucks on. I will vote for Dick and Bush. Ha ha ha ha. Oh. That is quite a threat. I'm going to vote for Robert and Taney and the W. Myster. PS, what is that thing on? Moe's head and that ghastly picture on QM. It's that dead muskrad. In fact, you know who's really upset with Moe? I know a lot of people are, but you know who's really pissed off with him. I don't know if I should talk about this on here, but I heard rumors that the Pita people really pissed. He's walking around with that animal because it appeared to be still moving around a little bit. If you look at that picture closely, you'll see that every time you click out of it, it's in a different position. So the Pita people are really pissed off with Moe. It says, can you play these super Moe bit? What is the super Moe bit? I don't know. Oh, I see. That's what they wanted to hear. Oh, I see. That's what they wanted to hear. Oh, they know that this is my last day before vacation. So they're going to really be pushed you today, huh? They want to get to me. Just like that thing with a pulled Gary Oldman's Dracula. But that's your fake. That's not it. No, even B.N.R. Boy was on to that. He knew it. You know you're full of crap. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pond. There must be somebody out there who watched that on the E.I.F.C. last night in the show. Did you enjoy the movie? Who's going to tell us that? He are Ralph Salafax. I'm talking about who's willing to verbalize it. The discussion, okay? Critique. Say something. Here's dear field, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You have name. Yes. You have name. Do you remember that movie from the moment you were on the cold you and the start feeling the fact that they tried to the adventure over for dinner? What was that name? Trying to have me over for dinner? You know, you're cheating. Start doing the fact. And then you should put that and try to make you for a party. And then you'll come from our grilled grilled dinner. You know what I mean? Ellie Brecker do you? You know, I hear that. Think you had it on tape. I've got the years ago. That was so funny. I don't think I have no idea what he's talking about. She invited me to watch the dinner. Do you have any ideas? She first of all, Ellie Brecker never stabbed me in a back. There was Pat Curry. That's a real old bit. But Pat Curry never invited me. Remember Pat Curry? She was the radio. See, this is the thing at the local newspapers. To show you what experts they got. Kevin Bastard. He was the radio TV guy when he first came to town at the Airway. He came in at the bus station. And I'll listen. He's a sports guy. Michael Mayo used to be a sports guy. They heard. Now he's a columnist guy. Like General Accrad. No more sports. Tom Zicka used to be the, used to hate he kept a dog racing. Now he's the radio TV expert. I mean the TV expert. He'll own a radio. And the same with Pat Curry. She was the radio TV writer. Then she became the religion editor for the Harold. Well, she had religion. Which given idea why she wasn't too fond of me. She was the religion-pervert. I expert. Let's see. Who should full-end for Neil? Is Samaraj is voted on here? Okay. Oh, he did not vote for Beena. I'm sorry to. Pety that. Why isn't this working? Is this the pull is not? Let me see. Oh, the votes are on there already. Look at that. Rick and Suss have four. George and Suss have four. George has got two out of the first ten votes. So there you go. The pull is up. And then a little bit like after ten o'clock will have the pictures up over the hot couples. And you can vote on that. And this is a very important one because whoever the winner is gets that nice trip to the Bahamas. Three days and two nights. And maybe we'll actually take some pictures while we're there. You're going to like to take some pictures. Especially if one with couples wins. I think Carbles would like to take some of those pictures too. Here's a dear field. Hello. I'm going to hear a field. Yes sir. How's going to the uncle Neil? Great. Hey, did you have an occasion for all shows? Was he saying that thing to he despised you? Was that just a joke? I didn't hear him say that. I just played the cart where he said the bit where he said he loves me. Oh, okay. I wasn't sure. Hey, did you? What's he the answer for the lancer assures? Yes, for one season then they blew his ass out of town. Yeah, if you heard what he said when they were down nine nothing. No. He said, boy, we're really taking it up the ass tonight. I thought it was kind of funny. Oh, great. This is the functional family. Okay. Thanks. He thought it was kind of funny. We're taking it up the ass tonight. Yeah, he's so raw. He makes everybody else including me look very tame by comparison. Which is kind of interesting clearance because at a time when we're under the gigantic Palamar microscope. That's just a telescope at the microscope to see the microbes to make sure that they're all clean and livi white. I mean, I did hear the effort last night, but again, I'm sure it must have been dumped because I'm hearing the pre delay here. Right, sure. Must have been dumped. But you think, I was otherwise time jick and have a column about that today and he doesn't well, he might. Yeah, he was a did the trashers game for one season then they blew my eye somewhere. I totally have got that on the mini disk in there somewhere. Believe me, you don't want to find it. I mean, who wants to hear a hockey game? A little game right. It's just I don't understand it. See, it's it's a maybe I'm an old buddy, buddy. Maybe I'm just out of touch with what's in and what's hip now. But that that sound to me is like, you know, it's like the taking a razor, not fingernails, but like a razor, a straight razor and scraping it on a blackboard. And believe me, I think we're safe. I think the moment I don't have to worry too much about them sticking him in certain him in the morning show. Because I mean, it's enough tolerating your first mole with his arrogant bombastic sound. That's a little bit of somebody preaching at you when you get up out of it in the morning. But also guilty with that squeak, you know, that little squeak. But combining that with that boy, a little bit over the top when you think, a little bit. I don't know where that guy came from. 940, 20 till 10. At 560, WQA, I'm speaking of muskrats on a head. There are some guys who think that the way to cover up their oozing balls spot is with like a dead animal, or something it looks like a dead animal. Five mice andburg used to have that. He used to have that awful nasty thing. It looked like a twin of the one that mowers. And then we said, Hey, Bob, how about going over to Chuck Alphiari? You know, a guy like you big shot like you can't afford to be walking around looking like that. And he went over to Chuck Alphiari and we all wore a maze and how almost human Bob eyes andburg looked. And he'll make you guys look even better than Bob because you probably got a better head start. You know what I said, a better head start? I got it. That's exactly what I meant. Be sure, I mentioned the arages when you call Chuck Alphiari, I've connected to a box off of the already reasonable price of his natural hairline system. No matter whether you're a billionaire or a millionaire or just a slipper. This is the way you want to go because that no price in a world can you get a better look and head a hair and get rid of that bald spot Then Charles Alphiari's natural hairline system. This is the best latest technology available anywhere in the universe. And you've got nothing to lose with a shiny bald spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee. If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, If the beast don't have his tongue way way inserted in your back comb at the end of the first day, Charlie give you a full refund no questions asked. So call toll free and get some hair back. A great look and head a hair. 1-800-321-2413 that's a toll free number to call 1-800-321-2413 or you can find out more on their website, Charles Alphiari.com. My life and love this is for 30-56. You weigh a head. Guys, bow it. What other guy? The Republican guy. Oh no man. I know. I'm sorry, did I want to break it. Wait, what did you go for? I'm not going to get into it, Ted. You'll freak out on the okay? Not no way. Yeah. That, uh, that's good. It's free. What's his name, man? I'm not going to argue about it. The guy from CNN. Ted Turner, yes. Oh man. You go to for you, Ken. I voted for Ted Turner. Dude, why don't you send the police right into my bed? Why don't you send my phone number in a fridge? Ted. Hey, let them come over. Ted, tell me. Ted. Ted, this wasn't a presidential election. This is a primary. Okay. I didn't have a chance to vote for the other side. Give me the chance to vote for your side. What? My pal, Rick, voted for a nothing. I knew this would be that I didn't vote for a Nazi. Okay. What happened to Lorenzo and Pamela? On our, on our hot couples. He's on the phone. So he can't answer. I see. Because we now see an all fairness we put him on here. There's about 18 of them or 20 whatever this. We put the photo zone and alphabetical order. So it's not to skew it anyway. But Lorenzo and Pamela, the names are there. But there's a big slot. There's a big empty slot. As a matter of fact, if you look a few up, you'll also see a big slot. I mean, I don't realize we had like a pornographic picture on there. George and Susan. Have you seen that? Have I seen it? More than 100 times. I think we had to cover up parts. Yeah, let's get Lorenzo and Pamela on it. We have to have like an even playing field here. Okay. We don't want to have like a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a. Everybody on our ship one in the beginning, and unlike we're discriminating against them. So I guess before you vote, we have to give that free now. Little technical glitch there for Eric. Okay. And I want to be picked up. here side because I'm seeing Lawrence on level of fine well they're on my side sweetheart i don't know where that comes back why try refreshing see if it comes back okay here i'm refreshing okay oh is that refreshing or what i just popped a surcharge in my back home and was real refreshing i guess that comment about the uh... thrashers are taken up the ass tonight that wasn't good enough to keep a for a while in the thrashers games okay i'm refreshing but it's not doing anything okay it's doing as real slow you know what i mean like the slow crawl and it's not refreshing so there's obviously some kind of a glitch air crystal resizing the pictures that's why i have a put the link up to it that's just why i wasn't finding it yeah oh really that's just right at the other is that's only on my paid right well i better like postpone effort second because i really thought i voted i don't want to see who i voted for i don't think you probably got a good yeah i got a clue now i can't even get to my home pages he's got the whole thing screwed up okay or if you have a good time up there okay have a few sandwiches it'll boost up your uh... ego i can't get anything on here now and i wanted to give the results on the afghanin because look like work in suds were like one of the thing and that's uh... not good is it nope let's see a jim says on the facts here i think George and fox news heather should fill in all jords any like to fill her in but that's about it i think that's gonna happen either i think time soon or here comes my home page maybe there's the uh... thing at the top the big but i don't i don't see nothing okay obviously he's having some difficulties up there so you put too much pressure on him all one day you know sorry between the pool and then all these pictures manager a little bit too much pressure for fat man up there to handle it or land though you know he's got a lot of important branches to eat up there and he just to can't look at that i got all kind of stuff on here except my home page except for those damn pictures i wanted to see five six seven oh five if we don't get one call from somebody who saw right we have for dream last night and like it i'm gonna be so it's gonna ruin my whole vacation anybody believe it all now sounds good i might play out what i'm gonna do just out of protest and put it for well tape any care for the hour yeah over and over again is what i'm gonna do just to play it all day just to agree to everybody all of he was gonna be a person or last time i was able to say can you see the poor resolve no no no i think i could go back i could go back to the uh... secret page where we got you know our back door yeah i can't get in it can't even get in the back door uh... back door there's a few in the box and it's other none of us can get into a while i guess air it's pissed off now he's gonna show us he's gonna show us your start ticket on him and since he's got the master control up there in a Orlando he's got a lot out of everything okay i guess we got a little bit too carried away for his liking here's naples hello hello yes sir hey i think it's no brainer kneel got to have to go for real if you guys don't put scoffer on your put George he sounds like a funeral home director yeah to switch over to the Tony Bruno show i see so that you want to go with a real gravely voice on it it sounds enough to make you work or not hey he's a world class talent he's a great one of the top stations in the country uh... it's the okay thank you very much he's a world class talent you know what i mean that had that could be the greatest call we've ever had on his show all years i've been on the market that could be that could be the greatest call ever had a world class talent as a greatest endorsement i ever got why didn't that necessarily say world class broadcast or maybe to some other town he's got to be in a robot yet i think he was over here on the 440 once yeah maybe that's where he was five six seven oh five all look at that we already got my thing back thank god who should fill in for nealdas summer ninety two votes rickinson thirty four George and suds twenty one a subtle comment a couple times right all as much as i can go drag as i sent here if you feed him he'll come in right George by himself seventeen for rals got eight world class town for rals got eight land Samuel's three steve came through the beast appear and you know who you know who wrote those two beast and zac does there's something going on with those two by the way so they're going on with the poll apparently uh... it's getting attacked the georgia does i think are all coming out of why is that because there says that the cpu uses is going nuts that somebody's definitely trying to sell it to our server wouldn't you try to do something to our server what will the poll or there's way too many people trying to access a part that they normally don't access all at once when you just see the two of you just you fight about this between yourself i myself think that we're getting a great response you're okay we're gonna find response and whatever it we're gonna do what we want anyway they know that it's already a done deal so what what the businessman not meant the glitching that was going on that we could when we could have prepared a bitch in about the glitching okay we're gonna stick your ass in a kitchen with duff so i let's add you up to the god damn wall and therefore when he gets back be here boys got a pair that's what he's upset about his own got two votes and josey's got to your time with josey gaki for last and the beast i'd like that that's a category you're in i got three you're in deadland oh yeah he's got you no they don't want to hear that crap you got three not i'm i think you don't have three well let me refresh it and just make sure why you voted again okay he probably just voted again to get out of the tower to be some josey gaki see now i'm trying to refresh it and i can't do it i just thought of something what's that hardless does have the technical ability to make this poll ready poll whatever he wants that right any result he wants sure why do you think why do you think that Dracula that brand-toker's Dracula real good life for that was what does it to when they're warning why he was here late right so we don't have any bedtime stories up but we got Carlos doing 600 votes that's who is doing it by the way Eric Carlos is dicken with it i'm doomed he's dickened with our poll wait didn't hear this about just even through this is so sad i mean MSNBC one if they just give it up okay give it up boys give it up give it up for us come on give it up ventura will ease into tv host job tonight did you read this i skimmed it oh ventura's introduction to the MSNBC audience will be low key on penight's edition of lester hold live which airs from eight to nine pm till present a five minute segment from save Paul called hero of the week ventura will gradually feel longer segments during that hour in the coming which until the network thinks he's ready to take over the entire hour that's expected happened during the summer but sorenson would not speculate on the date sorenson being uh... whoever does program error sorenson MSNBC president the plan will also help MSNBC get experience in airing a live show based in the midwest something no cable news network has ever attempted cano veiled man a show of out from the midwest woo imagine the technical difficulties of doing that so in other words he's so bad that they're just got to start him off for five minutes and then like maybe six minutes and then yeah maybe the week or two seven minutes and eventually work him up to five minutes an hour and then maybe by the end of the summer he can fill the whole hour up see the problem with just even ture even though we like certain things about him is the fact that he has a very very affected strange way of speaking he reminds me of obwood word you know from woodward bird steam okay that very pathetic slow uh... and that's what is a drag that's what it's just selling no not like you're doing you'd like to do in primary by the way how about those mighty ducks or nothing like that they'd be the god demo vile looks like the mighty ducks in the stand-and-calf finals maybe times it's not something that I sure doubt it cb and he dismantled a team that he brought his brother into coach with everybody hated them so it'll give me some dance about a bride mirror we should never let him go right uh sure who should fill in for neola summer is a hundred look at us it's just it's your right it's just out of control 157 votes Rick and suds fifty seven George thirty three George and suds thirty two for our fifteen fifteen votes for our that's a man her first story not history her story soon to be released inigma continues no exception to this is Michael's latest single off the album screen with a sister Janet a miss the usual chaotic lyrics in driving beat our producers he would have sold mistreats count of no less than thirty three woes in more than fifteen growing noises the minds of fans of Michael Jackson might ask themselves what does it all mean could it be Michael has some sort of medical problem perhaps it's an offshoot of two at syndrome or just the annoying aliens have confused and gender questioning man show and yet another question does Michael right these distracting hard sounds in every day life or just one sinning for example might just happen in a restaurant isn't like I'll have the prime man who had a fake potato with sour cream and for dessert the custard pot the milk the real tragedy is that some of his finer songs about helping poor children worldwide are greatly spoiled with those distracting who have the children the better place to live hot anybody has a clue as to why Michael continues to make these powerful noises why this man is so annoying please call and solve mysteries who ah I apologize expect some little like a ferrell you know what well we got some bad news for it a reason I played that Robert Stack one of my very favorite actors who's granted i'd stare and menacing baritone spelled couple for fictional criminals and tv's the autotables and real ones and unsolved mysteries died at his home he was 84 and that depressing it's about to happen stack life rosemary found him slumped over to couple's LA home about 5 p.m. yesterday the actor underwent radiation treatment for prostate cancer and october but his wife said he died of heart failure he was feeling so good she said today he had about with a tumor but that was gone it wasn't that it was his heart he was too weak he wouldn't have lived through a bypass Robert Stack is dead oh my god guys like him alive he was out effing standing Robert Stack and so was that show speaking to the intouchables right and so was unsolved mysteries that's one of my favorite shows here's a fact that said oh and we got a battle going on is uh hot couple's thing George and Susan 61 Aaron and Amy 60 and then after that it's like living in Robert have 10 minutes say you know right now at the moment i mean it's a lot of a week to go but George and Susan and Aaron and Amy are kind of like uh what's your name what Jennifer Conley asked to ask when you say she took the cheek cheek to cheek man they're doing it back to something like that it is tight here's the fact that says with your logic Neil suds oh wait maybe forget to that one uh oh this is a great fact from rich and mommy springs great facts i had to go to the station last week to get some tickets out when i was amazed at what i saw sitting in the receptionist seat absolutely correct i've heard you talk about freaky carlis before but never in my wildest imagination thought it looked like that if mohaward david it ever needs a new piece you need to look any further than that scary black repunzel looking thing hanging on freaky's chin also don't forget to find the blurb from guilty two days ago when he and mower talking about thick stocked in the basketball guy and gully said oh i'd kick a lot yeah got a red thank you very much i like to get a lot is what he said i he says a lot of interesting things don't you gully up the butt we have drop in zaptobut from gully and then of course we got drop in zaptobut from i hate new yorkers for all on a radio i mean he's he has said a new standard for drop in's you know he raised the bar for all of us with it without doing anything i mean he didn't even do anything he shows the facts from wallian deer feroes kind of chronic he says i wonder if they heard as analyzed the photos and the hot couple suching yet they might check out the robin tami photo closely rob has a very suspicious wet spot in a straits in a strategic location very controversial he says good plan wallie we'll have to get right on it you first and then this one see they don't understand it and it puts me in a position where i have to like make a little bit of a criticism about our good friend suddjamet but it is true it's his with your logic kneel sudd's either with George or Rick is blowing jow jow the water by eighty plus votes two eighty to two hundred perhaps you should have just had suds on the pool the problem being that suds doesn't do a show along well that makes us feel like doody well don't blame me but he he just whatever this he's a great side pick he's a funny guy we love him the pieces but he just remember those days when i'll quickly sick and he doesn't want to but isn't a little bit strange go to hell it is he just he can't do a show along under his a freck was sick it would be no reconcerto that they play a tape or they have somebody feeling right as opposed to when i was out sick around vacation the bird would do the show now you hated it all of that but he did he was capable of doing the show right his own in his own fashion you know i can help it if you don't like it well that's where it goes he doesn't like to drive he what he doesn't want like to drive to drive the show to be the hosting he just like to drive to see no John eleven so what's he been doing all these months he's been off the dot in the squatting okay good well so anyway such is doing very well but like i said he doesn't do solo at least shows anyway god only knows when pames uh at work all day what he's doing in that house watching old Beverly hillbillies and months to reruns what any doing probably watching flipper even let's see how we doing on my other pool 577 votes i thought we'd be up to 600 by now we're smoking on this pool man heavy duty response nobody in that audience believe that i could go from finally getting off that movie thing that we note for days and days and of all we'd get a phenomenal response like this you know nobody believed it they always saw us a little bit short since everybody from Miami isn't New Yorker swore all of you there you go push it fill in for nealdis summer rickinson's 186 George 116 George and suds 117 27 the beast 38 now that that's bogus anybody buying that they said mommy would at work well at all i'm saying that that's called bogus is what that's called yeah all of a sudden he made this big move you got about as much chance to be on this show again okay beast is you got about weighing 125 tomorrow morning soaking wet the beast in addition of which how we we wouldn't be able to get him on the show anyway so that it's hung up for LS ass kind of embarrassing for a last night when a ballgame started head a walk out of their very gingerly with the beast hopping around behind him like a big boofo toted beast 38 for ralf 36 George don't for else voiced 26 vina boi oh you're talking about phony votes vina boi as a time with Steve can with 20 would mystery go then sandals with 14 and Joseph Gackie finally breaks double digits 10 can only know is disguised a letter for old joe oh my oh my since I start talking about his penis face you know she's a lot more popular with this crap here's a call from sunrise hello yes sir yes i've been trying for days to get through i'm sorry to keep going back to this movie thing anything you like man but as a listen there's a great funny issue we are ever so off from the mid sixties robber downy thing you made a movie called put niss quote call what he heard of it put niss role yes p u t any why never heard of it well in a nutshell uh uh uh uh uh uh uh black black i works at an advertising agency the boss dies and his last dying words he made some president then there's a complete reversal and the black's take over the white becomes subservient including the hope in the home it's one of the funniest movies i've ever seen as the matter fact talking about one mind is a great lion for the filmers when my Johnson gets hard it knows no discrimination put niss role period as i just thought it my book is okay i don't know how you're ever finding for it so rare but don't miss it okay thanks thanks i got it down you love it you love it you love it you said i love it the book says well he wasn't it let me read the book so i got rid of him so i could read it uh a sat there on the american way of life written and directed by robber downing and misfiring on most cylinders uh oh the idea is promising enough the token black member of a big business board of directors is elected chairman because everybody votes for him on the assumption nobody else will act for some good lines in the opening scene however it all fizzles out in a series of damp squibbs aimed at indiscriminately and indiscriminately a capitalism black power tv commercials etc so the people in the book didn't like it that's all i can tell you okay nothing is perfect but i want to watch you he can get an unbeast twenty seven after suit i mean based was that he was like his lackey he was just like he was lackey and licky licky licky didn't say didn't hang once tell us the chosen get he had good head on his shoulders twenty seven past eleven at five sixty wq a moth here with a got some good head on their shoulders nets are good friends at hallowed potty xgmc town layman joe predo all of those glamour down there the great and they got some special kneel deals roll off that the assembly line it just don't stop kneel deal number one waiting for you right now at hallowed get yourself zero percent financing for sixty months and every two thousand three potty xgmc and stuff by the way little more fact that hallowed potty x was named after the great the trainer pump and a park uh... bohallot did you know that no true story no kneel there number two get up to a four thousand dollar rebate on every two thousand three gmc and potty x and stuff let me see it again because it's sensational get yourself up to a four thousand dollar rebate on every two thousand three car truck in stock and attention on you current in former military personnel get yourself an additional seven hundred fifty dollar rebate from your friends at hallowed can't be that and as always how it's got a gigantic humongous almost never ending selection of dependable pre-owned cars personus you've ease on the lot an amazing little prices you don't have to worry about applying for credit to hallowed because even if you want to get to forest even if you knew the what's his name for out they'll still cut you deal somehow it held it don't forget to stop by a wide of their test drive the all new and potty powerful potty x ran three as well hallowed potty x gmc in their legendary location where they've been doing deals great for over thirty five years one thirty four one soft-dixie highway that's on us one across the falls open every day seven days a week if you want more info on the kneel deals it just makes sense to call the kneel the al-hotline sounds good to me at one triple eight five three four forty two eleven one triple eight five three four forty two eleven don't forget all kneel deals and to credit approval see these are four details at hallowed potty x gmc where traveling always says we are professional grade you get a lot of it That's a WU A-A-A-A! Previously on the West Way? Yeah? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yes, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Sure. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Sorry. Yeah. Yeah. We've tried. Just they know I don't think it's going to work. Right. Okay? Sure. Is that what I'm doing? That's not new he's been doing that for a long time right here Jesus years yeah, he's been banging it with a hammer and the rotisserie too And it's so fake the way it does because he picks up the hammer and everybody knows what he's gonna do and then Of course that audience they're all getting paid like about 20 cent or whatever They get a free one 30 cent and they get a free rotisserie But I do like that in commercial on George will be amazed to know that there are if there's nothing else on and I see the wrong poop Rotisserie and commercial I'll watch it. Me too. See there you go. It's entertaining I mean it's so pocket-fisherman no, but anyway this fax is my vote is for George and so it's Rick Where I should say unemployed and off our streets. That's a good point. I forgot about that keep malt the streets We've got a battle going on man. We have got a great battle on the hot couples contest Aaron and Amy have edged into first place. Look at how many votes they got It says 71 in line. Oh, I have it in my pride so 69 in line Well, I better refresh it huh before I start reading the thing well, but the time you do George and Susan might have 69 Oh, do they well, you know something now that I'm refreshed it maybe they both got more than I like that Mr. Hot Shot could be No, Aaron and Amy 71 naked George and I mean George and Susan 66 online mine too. Oh, and then after that it's like downhill Luffy and Robert have 12 the good news is everybody's got at least one oh Of course a lot of it wasn't have just one we can only imagine who cast a vote, you know But everybody's got at least one and it's on so many the first day You got a whole week till I stay but this and I think there's some people on here I don't want to show any favoritism because that would be bad But I think melon Billy should have more than 11 don't you absolutely and then there's something that I think I have fewer But maybe they got a lot of friends. I think Mr. Miss is a need of her or really good looking couple I only got six You see them? Hmm don't you think they should have more than six? Absolutely and there was another couple on it. Yeah Chris and Ode have only a pair That's bad. I think you see I think that before you just start voting because you see a nipple or a Breast or an O. A penis the penis one's Joseph Gackies picture by the way on our staff forget about that he's a can't he's not eligible But before you see like a body part scroll the whole list up and down look back and forth and up and down And you know a check was being organized and then cashed your vote This is something very serious. There's a good prize waiting for the winning couple three days in tonight's state The world always is resorting to seeing it with a Bahamas and round trip airfare on Lake or air Run around kids dinner for two of the world famous pizza law and even though they might not be quite as sexy He's going to the Bahamas you'll hear a lot of great sex stories from Jack Cohen at the pizza law But he want to or not Church fires minister, but there's a lot of these priest things back in the news again ministers and priests and stuff I guess now that we're not invading any new country today. There's time for some of these stories to sneak in on the wires Con overware or North Carolina this must because it's from the Charlotte Observer a Church in Christian school is dismissed. It's the Smith if the youth director. Yeah, which charge Tuesday with a felony sexual offense with a student Cliff Brian Stokes is he akin to brand stoker 28 of Connor was arrested to do and it turned self into police after returning from Alabama Connor. Oh brother. I wonder if he had a banjo on his knee Stokes is at least Wednesday on $10,000 unsecured bond Police chief Gary LaFone said he especially is department of completed investigation by next week and turn info over to the DA's office for a grand jury review Stokes was athletic director girls volleyball coach and youth pastor for six years at Tabernacle Baptist Church and Christian school school cities married with two childrens Church official said a 17 year old female student of the school was involved in and so forth told school officials about the incident made the tooth He did not return phone calls on the can imagine why well, there you go Our church and school ministries are grieved and continued to be in prayer for God's grace and with them as we try to minister the families young people affected by This terrible sin said he associate Administrative the school Gordon Finiison or whatever the hell his name is Now the one Robert Chofel the jovial former priest everybody called father Bob Two what Robert Chofel Yeah, who's that we have his salesman from power 96 of that name We do we do Anyway, the joke probably not the same guy or it could be you never know we got a lot of provrets in that crap The jovial former priest this is in Largo so it's not that far away this from the same p10 Set comedy is the 20 year old man testified the man said the priest sexually abused in nearly 20 years ago to win things Unbe fitting a man of God Robert Chofel appeared to shake his head slightly at the worst of the allegations His priests collar and robed long since taken from whom later stood before a jury and sneakers and an oversized blue suit And swore to God to tell the truth He spoke words he hasn't said publicly in the year it didn't happen. I don't even remember And much less doing anything like that it didn't happen. He said and the jury will decide The man who's not being identified because of the nature of the allegations Said he kept the sexual abuse to himself partly out of embarrassment and fury getting to trouble He wasn't a Catholic he lived in Bratins and visited the church with a friend I thought I had done something wrong a man said. I didn't like that always reversely. You know, but they'd go to your bottom Well, they tempted him The Yankees and this dumb bag is a red sauce fan See he's not there again even though the beast is liquean and liquean all over He's not he's not full. He's been around a block too many times you get full by by a little a lackey a little licky lackey like the beast With his red sauce cap on Hundred and 98 votes for Rick and Suds. That's kind of embarrassing. You know it George has got 127 Georgian says 111 so that's 240 6. Yeah, you're leaving now Rick and you know The beast 48 How many of those you think are phoning about third man at least For I was got 40 George doing for I was voice 27 Little Vena boys got 22 and he only voted 10 times Mr. Ego Steve came 21 Lynn Samuels 14 and Josie out of 626 votes is still stuck there with 10 Only 10 votes for old penis face. I guess they thrill is more on What an embarrassing job he did on those UM football games him and my girlfriend Don Bailey, Jr You know what embarrassing be understatement See this is what happens when Dave Leont helped to put Sunny Hershey in early grave We'd never forgive you Dave, okay? You're not a bad guy all your farted real bad during those UM baseball games real real bad But we'll never forget the fact that you put Sunny in early grave don't you take oh no question Hey, let me tell you what I think and that is brandy shoes is like a miracle in town over 25 years They've been putting great shoes on people's feet and they're still going stronger than ever any independent family Shoes did last that long especially in a picky town like South Florida has got to be doing many many things right for example Like offering you an unbeatable select events of women's famous brand shoes like rock ports Echoes Mufisto Timberland, Tharts essay as floor shyman lots more They have a humongous range of sizes men's six to 15 women's five to 12 and wits from the very little teeny tiny narrow to the big big fat and wide ones And don't forget their professional sales staff make sure you get a perfect fit every time to give you the best service going And with over 40,000 pairs in stock in their 8,000 square foot mega store You can bet George's life and even Carlos too that they got exactly what you're looking for in stock Brandy shoes as always you find them at 1290 north federal highway in pop at Obeets, the rope and daily night at nine Sundays 10 to five And see our little pause there so you can put on the right tag next week Thanks It's a great time right now though to buy sabato's at Brandy's homens and women's style 20% off come and visit him or check him on the web if you'd like at Brandy's shoes That's would like to us as in their in a middle Brandy's shoes dot com You've got a free full watch the hell this all about all of a sudden the Iraq is one of the And I think Got nothing they locked their brain Without it really we went to bring back to the day Why not just say thanks to the British and the Y.A.X. Why not just say thanks And so I'm having your own thanks why not just say thanks Oh Just First guy I mean when I walk into this way This is yeah, dude on the wretched and I go then waste for pussy 1146 14 till noon is five 60 WQ a m Speaking of whatever he just said Take a look at that pool Aaron and Amy 81 George and Susan 74 and after that it's like yeah, I mean I don't want to dismiss the other people mister and Mrs. Mark T. I've got 15 now Everybody's got at least one some people I think probably should do a little bit better, but There's Aaron and Amy in first place and George and Susan right underneath him Or they like it 81 to 74 I wonder if Aaron will let me flex his muscle Anyway, see how I want to get to much into it because then you know we'll start the LQs also favoritism and you'll start saying one thing and I'll start saying it and then be near where we'll throw in his two cents But yeah, if I read that message again from the other day and I don't know why would you be in hot water man, but probably deported Here's a fact that says already her about Robert Stacky was one of the great ones and we're public and with friends and college roommates with JFK and not a typical sour bitter GOP crow Like so many other conservatives celebrities Like Chuck Choc-Eston for example, because Robert Stack died Says I know you're off the movie stuff for a little while, but I just saw written on the wind on DVD with Robert Stack Lauren Bacol Rock Hudson and Dorothy Malone It's a great flick and Stack is excellent He died and Dorothy Malone. It's great. He was always in everything he from serious drama to comedy like that's right airplane How could we forget he was so phenomenal in airplane She was great Well the original to be or not to be with Jack Penny RIP Robert Stack. Thank you somebody Colleges of famous person that we liked a lot actually dying which really happens rarely rarely happens like when a local radio personality like Jerry Williams dies This time jicker right about it. Oh this even a hoodger Williams was in the old bit in the newspaper in the local paper They put the new work to WNWS for what you were 1980 was program director. Oh no See time you can make all the shots you on about Brian Murray in the mighty duck shinish in at noon But the fact that a matter is when it comes to covering the local scene you're a pathetic man you're a tragic You could make an encyclopedia out of the importance that that you missed just in six months in South Florida And I'm just talking about me or this station. I'm talking about all of these things But don't confuse the little Tommy with the fact that you know that sounds too much like work Have a little bit of research about people and things that happened before he's asylided in the town from the York You know what I mean? What do you mean? Screw him That's what I mean Dear Neil my quote is for anyone other than George if I had to listen in during the summer I'm not wait a minute. Maybe a B.K. whoever this is didn't hear you doing the for Elvoys I thought so long all day long Says if I have to listen in during the summer I'll stab myself repeatedly with a rusty steak knife I'll get in the knife George might be good behind the glass, but there's a hoatty So who's the house that he was good behind the glass Carlos That But as a host he sucks as how about the crow and you know what they say rhymes with the crow? No, yeah, that's a rhymes with no chance There'd be a cold day in hell before the crow gets on his shore. I'm hearing damn T at that I got your crow by the try here home boy. Good keep it Just just the aroma alone from that cashmere bouquet that he takes a shower and everything Seriously whoever medical it takes a bath in a tub of cashmere bouquet man The this pool is just and this is only the first day Do you have any idea how intense this is gonna be? Oh, yeah Wow, it is amazing And keep in mind that we can't put the modeling pictures on here from certain people which would have probably let's see 83 to 81 George and Susan 81 Erin Amy 83. It is a battle rose neck and neck nose to hold a tonos Right, oh yeah, I would be surprised if it goes all the way to the next Thursday 9 a.m I might have to like call in from out of town long distance Just to get the blowdown how things are going Here's Miami. Hello Neil yes, sir I don't know what the topic is maybe just all over the place, but I like to get your take on the Cubans in the water And how much the Cubans in the water? Yeah, and how much time? What depends on what they look like? I like some of the Cubans in the water sometimes drive back into bed either Fair bank right back Right and I'm thinking why are we wasting the time in the money to do that? Well, because of illegal gross law or rose and a dad that's why I'm saying anyway, so why are we just letting them get on the boat and come on in? Well, because we got some people that are like you there feverishly try to keep them offshore So I don't mind when we're the other just think it's kind of ridiculous for us to waste the time in a money to Go through I got a great idea. Let's let Iliana swim out there in the rescue a mudiest thing to there Huh Pretty bad, but you know, no, I think it's pretty good. Yeah. Well. I mean, I'm just saying you don't want to give her a handy cap But like a lead weight on each foot would be a good start Hahaha Great day, palie That's what we're gonna be doing to put you up there station live that we got too many Limpers did characters around the station including me so this summer what we're gonna do is have jazz McCay and for well on together Bobble gum stick on my shoe. Yeah, see that's what they like they can relate to that 567. Oh five 60 560 see I mean this is it's just all I said Emily just use this run to cassette and everything is a line I knew that there was some tremendous talent in there somewhere when a guy said this is a world class town You can't just get it from listening right on through But if you just listen in little little snippets, you know what I mean like snippet. It's like whiskey. You got a snippet And then you snippet Which is what you should have done 668 votes on the other pool. Oh, yeah, we got votes up the ass today. You know it Rick and suds who should fill in for Neil to summer Rick and suds 211 George 132 George and suds 129. That's 261 put together The beast 54. Oh my god The 54 votes For Ralph 41 George doing for else voice 29 and see they like that they they are obsessed with that I'm gonna practice at home. I bet even people that hate you like poison early They like it because they it makes them subliminally or we forget that it's you. I'm gonna pretend it's not me. Okay I'm gonna talk about it and that you know something that's a good idea for people who are listening They since I'm leaving after the show right and You'll be on a moral for a six shows by the way. I'll be back a week from Monday. No, I'll be back a week from Tuesday We from Monday's Memorial Day is an activation day. Oh, what great excédibly. Oh, what good timing We're gonna run for L tapes on that day Beiner boy 23 Steve came 23 Lynn Sammels 14 and Josie is moving on Wednesday as 12 old penis posts is moving in on lens behind 14 to 12 or six hundred and 68 votes See I don't have time to do the show because I'm obsessed with no no serious I'm obsessed with going back in looking at the Hot couples contest because it's so dimmed. Oh look at that it is so tight Georgian Susan our bet now it's a tie So you got on yours. Oh my god. We just got a call from Amy. Yeah, she will here And know she can send another risk a picture. We could change it. I don't like no No, well, you say that I will say You can send it That doesn't mean it'll be on a website, but you can send it in Georgian Carlos would be like Oh, and all over all the All the way Bring it on honey But take it in again. We never like had a limitation how many times you could enter see if you said that they could have They would have what and then we which is wouldn't put it on but we would have had it see you see how he is That's what I just got through Sam if you were if you wouldn't have been so busy looking your chops You would hurt what I just said Anyway, it's a dead even tie 84 now. I will say this because as you can't enter We're doing this for three months. They could enter again and if they would be creative enough Amy and Aaron to be like a stark naked like Georgian Susan are in that picture other than their tie would I think be like a runaway Of course we don't really know what George looks like Or Susan we know what Susan looks like from the chin down because she's got that finger crossed the eye the black out on the eyes Why did they do that by the way? Why's there a guy's their identity? Her identity that disguise to identity but you remember all those magazines rolled it up Yeah, but I mean why was she wanted to do that? I guess maybe this was someplace else Maybe this was like in TV guide maybe her daddy's a listener George and Susan 84 and Aaron and Amy 84. I don't want to like short change the other people because the Mr. Mrs. Mark T has 16 Mr. Mrs. Juan have 13 John and Rebar those queens. I mean those guys have 13 Lity and Robert 12 the journey doesn't die Diana Nancy a day man. Whatever the name is they An Nancy of 12 Brad and Paul have a dozen which is shocking melon Billy have 11 Mark and Mark and Marcy have 10 Mr. Mrs. I need to have nine as you be doing better now. That's John and Susie eight Mr. Mrs. have six Is not how you say Adam and Monica four Robin Tammy four Lorenzo and Pamela three Chris and Odie still have only three that's scandalous Mr. Mrs. Jeff have two Lisa and David have one Jo and Jay have one and Cynthia Dan have got one of him nine votes I never in my wildest dreams I never read a lot realize it would be this tight did you no and the pull either I am fra out eeliana Ross laden and I like rubbing my smelly gorilla as with soap made from jewels and listening to the near Okay, I'm gonna use the hour What the hell my agent left me to record the rest with three little guys You know, I just noticed and of course, you know leave it to me and all the fact like me I wouldn't be looking there anyway I just noticed on the Georgian Susan picture it's not just her eyes that are blacked up But there's also another that's shaded out there little gray the original picture we got was not But because it's a family show and a family website We did that yeah, yeah, well, that's probably a pretty good idea Because we already got one farm animal on the website, you know the one that's on most head I mean muskrats beavers we don't want to have those all over the place Oh, no seriously no because never start getting complaints from right yeah from those animal people Anyway, it's tight George and Susan 91 Aaron and Amy 89 it's so damn tight. I don't even dare look anymore. I can't handle it. You know the pressure is building to a fever pitch 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line Here's a call from Kendall hello. Hey, I'm going to answer yes sir A little bit more just a straw poll see just a Played people's emotions what do you mean by that? Yeah, that not the The one with Rick and size and then it worries is it a possibility that we actually occur We're working says we do the show. Yeah, sure. It's possible because it's still too much away I guess it's actually revolving fact or winter without Rick so but yeah, we do without Rick and Right I'm happy that what if you vote Rick and size only for a change But if it was Rick and Susan George, I would have no comment that I'd okay. I could do it that either way You need to have thrilled to a Remake of the We got he think oh my oh my Okay, I Thanks, that's an idea. You know it. I got and everybody's wicked hard almost got to the us again with their fancy Hey, it's no my guys your time having a lot Ha ha 755 votes Who should fill in for needle this summer starting the fourth of July Rick and size 221 George alone 141 George and Suds 134 that's 275 combined to be 55 We don't believe it for Rall 45 George doing for Rall's voice 34 Beena boy little Carlos 24 steep came 23 Lin Samuel 15 and Joseph Gackie very syrup viciously is moving up from behind with 13 And with somebody with a face like that stirs moving up from behind like that. I'd step on it. You know what I mean? Step on a gas put the pedal to the metal get with it. Shut up. Okay 560 560 pound 560 on the AT and T see they probably think that this is like pre-planned or like I got these drop into it It's just a continuous cassette tape that I just ran you know if we can nut Oh my god, yeah, but you see now you're you're like uh, I don't know Your credibility really took a serious puncture wound this morning And that's because that's because you came in your last night to suck up to this guy the whatever area is the beast didn't do Licky around you you finished off the rest and Just sucked up heavy duty. Maybe you want to produce this guy shows that with the deal is there was nothing left after the beast was looking around I'm sure that pain the place the room where I'm hearing is he's gonna be moving into that morning slot real soon Hey, Moist been nice. No, he is sweetheart, but You know get the other get that extra piece out of the cleaners and have a great life 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line Here's a key largo hello Yeah, sir. Hey first I want to vote with George and such okay Secondly, I want definitely second year or thing about having he and a schumount and rest you all these people Oh This guy stopped for no sounds like a Bob go play want to be with that voice. Yeah Doesn't me no Actually, I want to ask you when you guys come spot for somebody, right? I assume they get paid for it, right? No, I don't I don't cut spots Well, I mean like go he does a yellow mortgage and right smile and all that sure Okay, why would any advertise and want to have you do this spot as soon as I hear his voice I have to switch the station. I don't even listen to this Bob. You know that's that's an excellent pull line First came to QM the very first day that I was on a year and he had a spot What was that restaurant George? It's out of business now that's fake house London broil or something no, no, I'll begin with a P and it was a cigar joint and a stay house But Reno's no now that might have been it So that's a black board yeah, and Geldie was doing the recorded spot and I sat there and I said to George off the ear I said how can people be paying for this voice to be doing her commercial And I still don't understand it. Yeah, I mean I don't need that. I mean once thing You know, I just said once your voice comes on, I'm out of there Okay, Paling, we'll see you Bye, I don't get it. It's not a shot of Keldie's got a high squeaky voice. He can't help it, you know But I don't I that wasn't the name of the place. What was that? That past squally is not I don't know what was it See this is and this is my theory like when Neil Rogers also you know it's the kind of thing like with your throw ball Adam he runs the other way can you shout a hockey fucking Neil Rogers He'd be running down 441 the other way Now you should come to tools of ignorance and he was a catcher in minor league baseball and he could have gone pro He decides to do anything actually. It's probably been more profitable. Yeah, there's been Geldie Who should fill in pernailla summer Rick and says 228 George 145 George and says 141 the beast 56 of which about and hold on to her phony For L45 I just got through reading this. We'll see I'm afraid to go back to the other one Yeah, no, I'm afraid because I don't I want to see it like real contest. They're all week long I want to see it really tight. Oh look at that Aaron and Amy are back on top. Oh 104 And now how's that possible George and Susan have 92 they just open up a big lead there Is that amazing? Got a big flurry and it's not even furry Aaron and Amy 104 George and Susan 92 Mr. and Mrs. Mark T20 so I'm not there was that would just be wasted my time reading the other ones I mean the other contestant signal go on there for their own ego purposes and take a look But obviously the winner is highly unlikely. Oh, you never know there's a whole week to go right Right still long way to go. We don't want to declare any winner on the first day of a seven day contest That would be really bad although Here's a call from West Palm Beach hello Yes, sir About the ducks in her for nothing winning Johnson bastion jigari another shutout last night Who's allowed what about two goals in seven years now? Yeah, I think the wild are helping a little bit but still far performance You're right agree with it. Well, you see no do you have no hockey fans and stuff Well, they wouldn't know Johnson bastion jigari from a jump all Jones Yeah, my kids are just now getting in the hockey left or seeing us because it will remember this for a long time I see it's a phenomenal thing. The only problem me in a course that around a country other than the The Disney Connection other night nobody cares about the ducks Yeah, once The wings and the Darks all I think a lot of people dropped out, but I'm I'm still good there. I don't know what they're about Well, I sure hope out of what beats Jersey because if jerseys in a final man you might take you guys take no The notos the watch that I did I despise the way they play I can't stand a whole ambiance of that team It's a funny franchise nobody goes to the devil's games the rock the middle of jerseys Nobody cares about them and please go out of what go, you know And my murderers to be there is a game triple over time for 14 over times you're right. They'll have that oxygen Amy I'll go back. Thanks. Bye. He's gonna call me back and Anna high. They're only one of them away from the stand-and-cub finals And like Tom jekyll says you chased by Marie out of tally you should you should let them hear he's the best Did you know the Thomas such a big hockey fan? No, I don't think he is He's just desperately flailing around for somebody to try to respond to the fact that I've out of him For like being a bozo when it comes to the coverage of the local market And then even here I am 1200 miles away and still have my thumb on exactly the pulse or what's going on there? Which isn't too much? In fact every time I click back over to the hot couples pictures. I have my thumb on a pulse For on something And of course like I said now this this George and Susan we don't really know what George looks like You follow apparently they've hurt him Well most of our people don't give a crap about what George looks like right including you and in your case that's lucky Aaron and Amy 106 and George and Susan 96 I think it's gonna swing back and fourth all week you know what I mean? I think George and Susan are gonna swing I think it's gonna swing back and fourth and up and down and sideways and in and out and all of it God in place. That's just which is good. That's great And then you never know maybe somebody else will come racing up from behind Then hop right into the free 10560 WQM. Hey, I'll take about a great place to pick out this weekend or anytime The number one Asian buffet restaurant in South Florida absolutely is the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet three locations for you They're in sunrise. They're in North Miami Beach in their newest location is in prestigious Pembroke Pines They've got six different kinds of soups. Can you imagine that in fact if you're really a soup lover Which I am you probably want to try a whole bunch maybe all six what's not to like and then if got dozens and dozens of Succulent enthrases including New York strip may de order the way you like it and the gourmets and with their sizzling Asian grilled with grilled shrimp Scampie saw a style Jumbo scallops wrapped in bacon Dungeonous crab and ginger and scallions and handcarb prime. They would look for the new Oriental chicken cell at the Emerald Coast to an Don't forget you'll never walk out of this joint with a headache because they don't use any MSG No cornstarch no crap. They cook all their fine cuisine only with cholesterol free oils too It will fade features a full salad bar sushi bar fresh room cocktail and what a dessert bar Always be sure and leave some where we take a shoe hunk or a crowbar and make some room for dessert Just stick it in your pants Either the crowbar the shoe or another dessert because they got pies in case Taste read Ike mudogga favorite toppings and fresh fruit the perfect way to end a real feast at the Emerald Coast The original soft load location is in sunrise Pine Island a 44th street They're on Colise Avenue just north of 163rd in North Miami Beach at the intersection of Flmingle and Pembroke Pines So take your family or book your next business lunch and now all-sars parties welcome and let them do the cooking for you and a real pay Don't forget everything is fresh in crunchy too Take out and leave we always available to call nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five four five Seven two thirty eight twenty two Feast out at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet Ready in done as dirt Hey kids looking to improve your game what help in taking it to the whole and scoring then you need to register now An hilarious station summer slam camera the Lary use station summer slam camp will teach you all the fundamentals You need to become the best play up on your blind learn all about litter use stations Hold on hold contact full court press the real station summer slam camp will help you improve your hand I chord mention and take part in the nightly free throws for free beer contest Hello, this is God's leg Station Come to my summer Come it's gonna take all you you what I'll show you fun Bye bucks for way done my ginger a sign up now before it's too late the Larry use station summer slam camp First because he registered the two for one drink and puns that participate in TGI Fridays With all your jokes everybody's wicked 2016 at five six did somebody QM he was not my there was he by an chance Because beers as he spins around like a a dredil and heat during the show stands up start to an ice crazy and most you kind like that awful movie talk radio where I've been goes You know that really bad movie You know the moment we out producer was like playing Whatever it was playing with the carts yeah Furm was cover for CIA This of all our bedtime stories today. This one is the most unnerving As the fits a company that's been accused of being a CIA front of recruiting executive mercenaries and attempting to overthrow a prime minister of a commonwealth state the vanilla corporation kept to a low profile and we add And it's the street security fooled nobody however the bomb attack was the second it suffered in eight years. This is the Obama attack We are the other day in 1995 seven people were killed the shadow a corporation is said it would been founded during the depression Dan Biodi author of the iron triangle a study of one of Penelis one time owners the car-lyle group Surrealized last week in the time said that there's no publicity no press releases no news clippings He adds no one knows who the original owners were The Nels work in Saudi Arabia dates back almost 30 years when I want to contract to train Saudi troops to guard oil fields A congressional inquiry found that agreed to a no-jews clause In the 19 and no juz gloves 1991 in the Gulf War Penelium toys were seen fighting alongside Saudi troops The company has helped the Saudis builder national guard from 26,000 troops around 70,000 and the early 80s time magazine reported that two employees were in broad and they failed attempt to overthrow Maurice Bishop the left wing Prime Minister of Grenada and soon after that the former employee was implicated in the Iran conference scandal How do you like that? Something fishy about the vanilla corporation and all seven Americans are ten or whatever the number was We died in that bombing of the they all were employees of the vanilla corporation. I'm gonna examine that Our website today one of our classic bit time stories I Just mentioned it in passing 560 pound five 60 on the AT and T line Here's the call from the Redland's hello In hell yes, sir. How are you doing? Great Yeah, just regarding what you were just talking about was a no-jews clause thing yeah Back in oh good God I must have been the Late 70s mid to late 70s we had this multi-million dollar offered over contract with Saudi to Provide the electrical products stuff form and we had to In order to get the contract we had to prove that there was no Jews involved in the manufacturing process of the And we just told me go pound salt because I mean the electrical industry was run you know Mainly by Jews, yeah, you know, we just understand the only the only items that they led in the Saudi Arabia that the Jews can touch our lamb shades I I'm looking at your website and one thing that just one thing it turns me off on a woman is fake food Yeah, and you're two you're two leaders right now or obviously in half Well, let me let me take a look now, okay, okay, let me take a peek It's your office with Susan Erin and Amy I don't know I don't trust me those are those are or help that how do you know that? I I Can tell have you have you felt of them? No, I'm trying to yeah, that you really don't quite operate Erin and Amy 128 and Georgian Susan with 105 and And I don't know I don't know I don't think that it's Beyond a shadow of a doubt. I think there's some room for argument there. Okay. Well, let us know away I tried so hard to call you the other day about the movie line. Yeah You guys left one off and I know Georgian have a fit with this one the way I think it was movie deep what deep road wasn't When she says you might have a smoke while you eat That was good. That's a great line. Okay pal. Thank you See yeah, so what do you think you think those are fake or for real? Amy No, Erin's Just a joke. It's just a joke here and I'll go get inside Catechonus now, okay? You can flex your muscle in my push anytime you want. I don't want to say anything It's gonna dissuade Amy from sending us more pictures. Oh well, we don't really know this is only guess working at this In which we didn't put people on there like you know question the reality of their body parts Are they real are they mammaracks are they mammaries? You know I mean we got some people on here that if we want to do we could have some a good fun at their expense I don't know what's wrong with mr. and this is a need of they only got 10 votes. I don't get it and Chris and Ode have only three I find something Strange about that. Don't you? Yeah, I found something Ode is about the fact that they only got three but listen and that's the reason we put them on there For the audience to cast their vote not for me to sit here and try to like a direct you around like some kind of a freaking director You know I'm Sam My girlfriend Proct 21 5 6 7 0 It's just never ends. It's just never ends. I don't think that I think this guy's missed his calling. He should just be doing drop-ins for radio shows Oh This is this is even more in green ever so I've an answer like this one. I'll tell you that this has been like a treasure trove of crap Nice gone for out. Thanks and you do notice now that you're catching them See, I don't think it's in so much. I think it's just a voice Because on a poll our recon suds 242 should fill in for me this summer 242 George along 149 George and says 148 That's two ninety seven Together the beast 59 we don't believe it for L 47 and George don't for L's voice 40 you're catching up to them Great, so they don't really care whether it's him or you doing his voice. I got to figure it out How about be in her boy doing his voice? Can you do that voice? Of course I can do that voice. Okay, I do that voice Not as good as George though. No, I think George misses calling I'm a little bit too squeaky being there to know how to do this for a long time to see after you do for a while You could have been a for a long this way Peter boy the front a six Steve came 25 Lynn sangle 17 and Joe Z is got unlucky 13 in last place Out of 766 votes Joe is still sucking wind Don't forget check out the QAM van for the happy are with Sam Adams beer today Six data clocked this afternoon at the quarter deck located on University drive and baby across from nobody University Stop by for drink specials into win prizes from the sad ams girl and maybe we can give you something really good too Maybe he'll let you sniff his navel his navel what a attack Here's poppin o be chill The most amazing thing that ever happened to me and my past broadcast career This goes back about 10 years was meeting Scott again in Vegas and realizing that that was his real actual voice Well, yeah, I'm here. Yeah, and that you ever seen his life? I've never seen him I have not He's actually very nice guy's got to be those in a here ver and I's got but and his wife is playboy set of oquality if there Still married beautiful blob of Which only goes to prove that a beautiful woman will marry anybody as long as the rich and famous or of course in Scott Is case slightly rich and slightly famous Uh-huh and about jica You know he has a Q and a column You sure the way but it's always in the on TV guy that comes out on Sundays right and is always Some idiot who and he actually waste valuable paper and a gangster these questions What happened to one order what happened to NYPD? You know what when it's the summer break? I mean if they're a fan of the show well in this case that YPD blew one off for a few for a few weeks when they had that show the family If you're a fan of the show number one you should know this number two You can simply pick up your phone if you have one call the local facial or the network and they will tell you What happens in that show? Y-waste valuable in paper and then this week there was a question on the shield with Michael Schickless and And the caption we're not talking about a four-page article and somebody makes a mistaken a little the article one sentence The the shield with Michael Schickless as ended its second season ended in an ED And is it does that paper has anybody who can still or write a grammatically correct sentence? Any no no thanks, Dale thanks a lot, pal Say I to Scott and his lovely message if she has her in my kicking me actually he is alright But his girlfriend is supposedly really really hot. There you go the beast must be out here. He's got good taste in the in the ladies Oh, smack you Yeah, this isn't like winning a lottery, but I feel like it's the next best thing, you know I mean I fall into a bucket of crap here today It's just no matter what what happens how deep you jump in you keep coming up smelling like a lilax Smellin like the crow almost Let me just take a peek at our hot couples again see if one of them has got a stunt penis. I mean Well today I'm good thing we don't know let's see Aaron and Amy 136 Georgian Susan 109 so Aaron and Amy are putting on a big press and it's still the first day They're putting on the big push. I can almost feel it right here, you know 26 past noon at five 60 WCM we got the mad dog. I want to hear the mad dog do a little bit of that for Ralph voice. Don't you Right I'm taking her that and then even a hopper. I bet you that hopper could do a good you think How much you do a good for Ralph? Hank. I'll be doing a show from the pre-nissed Baltimore and the Dave Johnson will be calling George tomorrow As he does between only before the triple crown races. I'm still going with funny side with her without the battery Okay got it that was criminal what the hero did do a poor souls a Santos. I think I smell a lawsuit there And then we got the big seven o'clock and the beast with with boy You think the beast is gonna have to have his tongue like we inserted before he and Zach can do that show 109 John Mark overnight Hey, are you bald? Well don't call fast train Sexual performance problem don't call fast train in a dead end job call fast train now we're getting it Fast train can have you fully trained already for a new hot-pain computer career in just four short months So column toll free call fast train at one eight six six fast train that's one eight six Fast train a gut locations all over time so there's bomb to be one nearby you the run Miami They're in Kindle for Loderdale and pepper pines so pick up that instrument right now and call fast train toll free One eight six six fast train They offer job placement assistance financial aid convenient. David weekend classes So there's no excuse to stay in your crappy dead-in job one more day You knew careers a phone call and just for short months away jump on the fast train today and call toll free One eight six six fast train or check them out of the web if you like it fast train dot com and when you call be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck told you to call Your sports radio five sixty two a I Now and in BC special report with Tom bro calm This is Tom Rikari portings for MSC Naili news the Walt Disney Corporation is his savings pending $100 million to purchase Jim Hoses from other characters I spoke with Disney executives about possible takeover and here's a Michael Eisner had to say well Tom you see a bit of a Set is in here what what sir, you not see me here. Hello Combracaz watching there's on each hand like Big ears right, but he asked me a question a such motherfucker. Okay, sir. I want nothing to do with this deal You see I'm the one You don't talk Okay, man you cheap little soup with your matching hanging tie and shut up Okay, sir. I want nothing to do with this deal. This is this process idea He's been trying to buy those we can look and mop it characters forever, you know, I have to say that Kermit's a good Oh my god Sorry balls I just see no size there's a slide on the door that says in conference I can't repeat balls don't you see these cameras and lights all over this is time here. Let's go Yeah, that's who that is 6 down and be quiet make one sound that I swear to God. I'll pull you Oh, so bourbon comes out your butt so you see Tom we're big back. Hey look at me in the ice. Yes, look now watch me Shot Okay, sir. I'll let me askoney the fraud pancake about this as well dig or boy move Mr Everything He's here, but he's trying to talk to the frog now, Riemus. What I tell you. Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! So, Seaton, Oh, get with you! I just tried to answer the- They're trying to talk to the frog. Right. You want to buy the damn frog? Maybe you want the frog to talk. Uh-oh, okay. He's got a good Mr. Frog. I was just going to say we're explaining the wealthy. Shut up! Why don't you all just shut up! But, but, but, sir, the frog was trying to speak. I don't care. The frog should shut up! Oh, I think Mr. Broke was another question. I listen, I'm done with this. It's pretty ugly, boss. It's a boss. Especially you, Riemus. You're perfectly normal, aren't you? Yes, sir, boss, man! This interview is over. That's this time, Broke. Everybody, please. For the MC, I'll leave you. All right, then. All right. 26 till 1 is 5, 60 WBQ. Look at that. Our hot couples contest. Aaron and Amy 153. George ensues in 123. They've opened up a 30 vote lead on their incredible. Yeah. And then after that, it's like John ensues a 30. And then after that, you know, I'm saying study of ortho. I mean, I don't mean study of ortho, but in terms of reading the numbers. I'd tell like you way up there, like maybe Monday or Tuesday. Who should sit in for Neil to somewhere askin' on our website today on yourroggies.com? Rick and suds 257. George ensues 159. George alone won 59. Hey, at least you're consistent. November 18. The beast 59 of which I guarantee a whole bunch of those are bogus. You know where they probably came from, you WM. I'll his bunk, but buddies over at you M. For Rals got 50. George's doing for Rals' voice 44. Beenerboy's got 27 tied with Mr. Ego, Steve came 27. Lynn Samuel's 18 in Josie, at least. He's been back there. Look at that 814 vote. I totally go over 800. Yep. This may not be record breaking, but it's certainly close to it. And Josie's in last place with only 14 vote. Boston fans are 60s. They win nothing up. Ever. Wait a minute. Selfix or posties. 25 till 1 at 560 WQM. You only got 400 open lines here in 25 minutes to go. See they don't want to make it too easy today. 560 5060 pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Here's my Annie. Hello. My Annie. Yes sir. How you doing? Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Great. Is it? Okay. Guess they just cut you here. They click on her. You don't see it again. Yeah. Go. I want you to get in. If Bruce Wallace is in it, the answer is no. I will not go see it. And this, in which did I ask you to the exit and got such a humongous response on our pool. Should I waste my time. Go see it. No. No. So I won't do it. Well, be worried for you. I'm sorry, pali. Thanks for this recommendation. They went down like hey, what are some of those girls I was talking about it. She's five six seven. Oh five six. I'll tell you the best part of all of this none of it has they I mean he does mention the soldiers are pussy's whatever none of it has anything to do with sports Like I said parents I think you've opened in a right direction more entertainment unless repetitive sports Less of that crap, okay. Nobody gives a crap anymore about sports Nobody cares. It's terminal. It's ponderous Some wondering who's gonna get to the action a morning who they're gonna move out of there's probably guilty Because I was gonna solid two-year contract and they don't want to have to deal with him. Oh, that was that we never born Something it may be guilty who get relegated to do and just the sports updates that are very much reduced salary? I don't think Howard's gonna jealous for out get out now. I think I'd be great. I think it'll be a battle of Titans Okay, well, let's so wait and find out probably starts Monday and I'll show near you Here's West Palm Beach, hello I can do it buddy pretty good pretty good party Farrel is a dick fair one that is a stepson or grandfather son of a dicky feral. That's his illegitimate brother Yeah, yeah, man this guy's like a brick wall in that net That's right, well, you know, okay, what's his name? You're gonna be get something jerka He like rips you every time he substitutes for a Right, you know, I got the song me and I got to try to listen to his or what's his name? Eddie K. Yeah, he's like oh you always chose to make the ratings Look, all he's got to do is report the news and the radio ratings are a piece of the news and you know He doesn't whatever he feels like it's our guess if we ever have a bad book with that They will come at that point. He'll discover that the radio ratings are very big news, you know I vote for spikons, but okay, thanks. Adam you're a dick back see a pali 56 56 7 see this is a dick-of-you start doing and you can't stop. Oh, yeah, you have no idea You'll see if you do try doing that after about an hour and a half You'll be able to tell you the guy that new feral that called me for it I was telling us about his ex-wife and how she was I should ask him because beater boy says he talks very much like that off here. That's his voice How is that possible of them like years and years of lots of smoking and booze and booze and smoking? That's right and choking choking and gagging I'm local This is portrayal five sixy I This route is doing with organising zoom ring or his landing by our fearless leader with the United States Ryan Stark band playing head-by-car road with the hot hand Feel as soon as now stepping out of the cockpit. Oh, how handsome he looks He looks the part of the hero when he's like oh yeah, I'm speaking to cockpit Take a look at the parachute harnessing wear Well, I'm sure the good Christian women who wear rope to tie their pants are swollen like good Patriot It was only the second time behind his fix and the flu champ ain't ever see old club the news that 30 years ago Next place why the be a con ever got close to Texas down the hanger deck. There's an all-drag review of Chicago Let's take a look down behind a killer Hey, that one is so wager No, what's like a There's very pleasure No, well, well, Fox News can back will have more on the new power of rare budget proposal and those controversial online Let's be in pictures of an colder and Heather knows Oh, right 245 60 WQA and happy Thursday too. We got the man dog coming up a lot of clock And the hot couple's content has got almost 600 votes on our way that thing is really a puking up there, you know Snokin probably one of the reasons being I want to see them a boobies if they're we ought to make believe you know I mean I want to be a Anyway 5 670 560 Here's North Miami Beach, hello North Miami Beach isn't there Is gone shame on them here's Kendall hello you pick it any taxes. Yeah Here's coconut grow hello. Hi, yes, sir. How you doing? Okay, man. Yeah, that's on there We're a little bit you know, I've been listening to you for a long time Can I see why don't you just show your repeats like you used to? Why don't I show my repeat? You know, I have them on the radio and said I haven't George Why don't you have the old one you used to put the best in the oh? They're awful. No, they weren't man. I mean my does his nails No, no, he's yours He is so boy I know Now that he's got the new voice though my sweet some other over He's horse, yes, he's terrible on no fans, but he's not a DJ You know, I don't know if I'm going for the guy before the crank I don't pay Canadian taxes good. I got a Canadian income asshole, but didn't we go in? I was in Alpskina asks you did you ever see pie which is the first film that the guy that they're in Alpskina did you mean him over he'd put the guy in the set of the end yes yeah that was cool and also welcome to the doll house the thing Todd's soul and you are not gonna get that yeah those movies I saw the years ago anyway I love you okay thank you listen to your voices really sexy you know that it sure is it really is okay right I have a great day I have an answer bye bye she said she hates you George yeah who should fill in for Neilering this summer I'm not gonna read the whole thing because it's too embarrassing 851 votes so in Joseph Gecki still in last place that's all you need to know and the beast has got a bunch of funny votes and George doing for else voices only seven behind for real himself maybe that's some of some for our clients to think about because if they're gonna put him on full time they might you know have to pay him some serious bucks I can tell another guy five to seven oh five sixy pound that five six so special on 80 and see if I saw that I'm gonna get some cat going and I think haha in coherent I think is where it comes to mind in coherent here's Tom City hello yes sir oh Neil I got a vote on the poll and I also have a shameless request can I get both go ahead okay I kind of like the last summer when you had your tapes on I know you don't like the tapes but you had the tapes and George it was to me that was good I I hate you hate you hate some last summer I didn't do I don't I'm sorry you were live for two days that's right that's what I like I know we're still doing that I'm still gonna two hours there's day yeah oh then then then I I like then the few are gonna introduce this in Thursday I like to have George on I like to listen to him on the other days I don't personally I don't like him five days a week but if you're gonna be on there too these are the easiest I have I find you're something I'm thinking that's really the way to go George Monday Wednesday and Friday Neil Tuesday and Thursday not just during the summertime I'm thinking all year long would be good well I wouldn't want that all year long I wouldn't I would I would I would I would I would I would request Sally request my I've been telling my brother we're listening to him for all about no light speak English anymore okay okay I'll sneak it in okay you're a wonderful man I don't have the same birthday thank you Neil happy birthday paling I in November see it okay both more on November five I'm gonna have to play that now because if I don't do it now because you know what I gotta play at the end of the slide dude I mean I don't have to but I feel like it in plus it's already in your queue up it would be a criminal thing not to it would be bad not to play bad at the end of the show so now we'll play this jump here on the taxi car about to drive a federal park you look at me so quish a green I could tell he was in the dog so I acted out my pop shoe rate it was my arms the trees I made there's no bug speaks English and I'm on I went down to my yeah I made which where the weather is nice I'm sunny I walked into a little storm but the guy there talks real fun and I asked him for a pint of fortune beaming just not on the end of what does that mean the butter's using wish I got him more that corner delete hell I think I'm in Pakistan speaking with smelly oh you can go back to the lara I came here and you go learn my ABC I don't say much as gross here I say pretty so get yourself to a classroom quick you're in America now stop making me sick you know but I speak English come on and I'm looking at this very jackass article you have the day about the forlthing I think you know as usual because Greg uses very jackasses his mouth piece to over people and the spread rumors and the spread paranoia and muddard to plant the seeds you know various great seed planter and where he says he's considered using forl on how our day with morning show but nothing is imminent he says we'd like to add more humor to the morning show so can you read between lines on that in other words the question is who's gonna be with him on a morning show not a question of if it's just a question to when who's gonna be with forl on a morning show and who's gonna be out and who's gonna be on top and who's gonna be on a bottom that that's the only question why somebody have to be out now who is this can't possibly be our chronic friend from New York can it the uh... epitome guy or whatever word was hello no need to let's not him all thank god how you doing today's a pretty good hey uh... just want to talk a little hockey before the other you show okay isn't amazing that uh... babcock got brought here my heart finally play like a hot player well you know uh... people been questioning about the people said wow you know you were ripping him near the path is give up to really there are some guys they could play here till they were hundred years old and never would have been good and right to calmery any stuff to join out you gotta get a guy in a certain situation playing with a certain chemistry and for whatever the reasons he fit right in and he's playing great and he had to sweet break away the other night i saw that you're handed and you know the funny thing too about she gave the people on talk about is the reason calgary gave up on him is because he dehydrated yeah you notice his water bottle in the back of the net he drinks out of a straw and that's a bit more less air here i hear for a long side of a straw too is what i heard i would have went out that either they are parting the work thing about hockey on the if the end gary dorm he's an asshole which is wild by cbc a love you know see a pali fight the little hockey talk come a guy from the europe where they really appreciate their hockey and of course uh... they don't have any play with the rangers or the outmothers they're done just like to make the leaves and listen it's not an a high and uh... forget about the wild a had a nice room but they're done and of course auto when the jersey pray for auto okay please because new jersey is his boring is listening to a gilbert land i mean just to come in do so nobody wants to hear that okay here's the so far at least during the show to find a result who would fill in the should fill in for neola summer rickan suds two seventy Georgian suds hundred seventy one George solo one sixty seven the b sixty two you buy that be your boy no no no way for all fifty three George durfrell's voice forty six steve keen thirty beiner boy twenty seven lynx and you'll see joe may not be good on the repair and be exciting but at least he's consistent he's been sucking wind in last place from the get go out of eight hundred sixty two votes he's only got sixteen he's in last place he's still sucking a big one poor joe good guy but we don't want to hear money here there's a lot of nice people we don't want to hear money here and let me take one can i take a quick peek and a hot couple sky i guess i can do whatever i want Aaron and Amy hundred eighty Georgian suds hundred thirty eight is Aaron and Amy all of a sudden have pulled into a lead okay still got a long way to go though so get to that website take a long hard look squeeze it peruse it examine it think about my look all this is for twenty five sixty you can way look in congratulations can alive have a great time boys there's no longer mention of the name in lotters but no and see if concerned of the in complacent believe in every word of this cartel is in a station that controls my fear through the e.g.a manipulation and the right wing is really good over and over into our head you turn and i beg that's uh weapons of masters corruption the loss of civil rights is uh right that we're paying we're all suspects now not the ass dropped is the i have