I wonder how pissed off Neil is that I had Thursday on a check on late. I told him they should have done the interview tomorrow on the on-site. You know, you should have done the interview with all who the hell cares about Darcy freaking hoda chalk. I'm not as much as people care about yours. Silly ass up in Toronto. Yeah, right. Right. Nobody cares about your lady. You'll learn just like you learned about the front running pony fans. Okay. Okay. There's one hundred bucks to get a Marlon ticket that we couldn't give away about three once a girl. Okay. There's seventy four seven. And you'll see how many people are going to be those Panther games. Okay. So how many people are going to be the average game? About thirty man. I love those thirty. Do they give me gas? The earthy freaking horticulture. Don't be start with a gas again. I play that um, play the 78 game for final turn that on. No. What about the what? The 78th game for? Yeah. It was great. It was a wrap heart. I love that. This isn't that game. I grew up. How are in the middle of a break? Now I was going to play something better for you. And then pull like one's on again. I mean give me something. There you go. It's rocked over. It's rocked over. It's rocked over. It's rocked over. It's like a rock. It's like a rock. Oh, there's Jerry Cheevers all bloodied up. What happened? You see, you don't want to let the team on you off with your partner in a bad position. But Jerry Cheevers played for about 100 years for the Rochester Amherst. Did you know that? I didn't even know Rochester was still a city. And Bronco Horvant and Vic Stasiek and all those go in. There. And John Sherry played for the Rochester Amherst. I was going there. So he goes back to his body at the end of the Boston bench. And Jerry Cheevers hang stuff in the bro in that. That's my close friend Dick Irvin Jr. He's a big fan of my body. Like, he's a great boy. That was great boy. That was great boy. That was great boy. That was great boy. That was great boy. That was great boy. I love great. Yeah. He's the best. His act is old and stale, but he's a good guy. Some people think that I acted like him when I was doing thrasers. I never knew that I was a crusty old fart, but I, I think he's a legend. You know what? He's the young fart, but you'll be a cool fuel fart. I don't say he's a fart. You're like your bro. Get Greg in there. Get Greg in there. Get Greg in there. Get Norman, get on the phone. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, it's some nice things to say about Normie yesterday. Screw her. Oh, I almost said the effort. I still don't want to. I'm not doing almost slip. All right. Now he's just a pot spoke. You know what? I told him this morning. I'm going to tell you this. I'm going to tell you something about Norm over the air. He's so pissed off. How loudly is Normie? Let me tell you something. This is a good weed. When he was a child, before we decided to become an attorney, he wanted to be an interior defecator. Oh, my landlord does that. Yeah. I got this house. The shoe tiles I told you about. The beast they're making groaning. No, they're back. Now it seems the feast. Is he still there? Yeah, he's still here. He's still there. The reason why he's here is because he went abat that the red tiles would make the ALCS. Yeah, they're going to get the ranch pound. Yeah, he just jobs. We're going to be rooting for him real hard, but they're going to get the ranch kick. You're going to suck. What do you think? What do you think the miles are going to do? I think the Marlins will win it. Well, they suck on a road generally, but if they can win one of the first two, then they're in. Yeah, they had the mile and spans are. They're so cheesy. 120,000 job that tonight, what happens to game on? Yeah, some 20 per cent. A, a, a, a, 20 per cent. If I told people right now, wait a minute, the game is an A20. Yeah, we have an extra long, uh, pre game at seven. Oh, my god, a 20. Now that's a little kids can't watch baseball. This is how the mile and spans are. I believe fully that 45,000. I'll show up at the pros shop tonight thinking the game's. At home. I saw a bad beer. They come out on the PP park tonight folks. So we're, in fact, that's what we should have been doing. We blew it. We should give away tickets for the time. It's home game. Yeah. I got 500 seats for the night's game. Pro player games starts at 820. And everybody come on out. I'm tailgate party with Glen Castle. We're a gate G. And everybody gets a kick of beer and gets laid too. And we'll also ask who and we'll also have free new photos of Dan. Well, that's true. He's too wanted to be an interior defecator. I'll have that's clear. We'll also have the beast. They're surfing naked as quirky Carol. There's an article in a Palm Beach post today. It says you can get a seat behind. Uh, behind home play to pro player for 2,500 bucks. And a seat in the outfield reserve for 125. This is the same seats that we couldn't give away. That people were bringing us to tickets to try to get out of. Money for must for. I'll be just, I just got a gala invitation from the mile. In the station. Yeah. Thursday, October 9th at the parrot jungle island. I am a 7 to 11. There's a big huge party. It says, tropical. I actually thought it said topless casual. Don't worry. Don't go. It's a wreckage behind it. Oh, Greg. Did you hear Greg yesterday in there? That's right. It wasn't on the air. It was off here. He was in there. Well, what's normal is number. But all the sudden bull crap. He's a pussy man. Just an emotional cripple. You know, I, yes. I had a long talk with him. Did you really? Yeah. I find it. How long about 30 seconds? Actually, it was more like five or six. Five or six minutes. And it's a long talk. It's Greg. In the first two minutes, he exhausts his interval. Yeah. There's quite a lot of suits coming in in my name and a lot of pressure for Greg these days. He's right. He told me he fems off negative phone calls 500 people week. And I said, you know, really, that's your problem. Yeah. I like he didn't know that was you. You know what? He talked to the, like, he's saying that they were surprised at the rush. And it was racist comment. Same thing. Yeah. This is something is hiring me. He asked me. Did you know he was in radio? Yeah. Let's start that tomorrow. Yeah. You know tomorrow. For again. Tomorrow. We're going to start with a book a Matthew. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm Wednesday. We'll be held on more Christian Mendersy. Horticulture. I'll tell you that. All next week. We'll do the old testament. And then we're going to talk about gay Catholic priest at Malice little boys next week. Yeah. And you can have Ezekiel on. He's playing Center for the Russian. I guess. I guess. Or my cam. And how do I really good refer and give a homer at the same time? He knows how to do a man. And give out your phone number to people you don't want call. He's got to write your clips. What an asshole. Norma Kent. You are the world's number one asshole. See, I'm not a man. I'm well. See, I can turn against your enemies. Moe. Norma. Anyone else that gets in my way to including that doctor wearing. I'm very firm that suits him. That's awesome. Yeah. But you don't suck my asses hard as you suck Darcy Horticulture. That was embarrassing. Do you know your butt? I suck as a ass. I told him. My beef is ass. Not suck as ass. You think that we're made on the team with Rabitney? At least he looks good. You know. I know. When they traded him, you turned on them like a sieve. You should have seen Ray's wife. Did you ever meet Ray with me? Why? Nobody hurts. She wears a girdle. Man, is she hot? No, she doesn't. That's Darcy. There was a girdle. If you had Darcy Tuckerwann, you might've been pretty interested. Did you see that, uh, the act of a briefing? Did you see staying in the police frontman says he sees dead people now every day walking around? I'm not saying that's man again. They do a little. I'm not having a moth. He's gone. Johnny Schmott. Remember him? Would he have a moth? That's a moth. He'll have a moth. He's, he's in touch with his late father who died. I'm so sting and still Collins. He's speaking with a young gentlemen. We're Disrepanied. Yeah, I love that guy. He's always a lot of people farting. Yeah, he's like, who is the gang? I still funny. It's like that. Sam says, it's a city. He's a steaming. Uh, there's a wee, uh, marsher. Uh, Scotch. What? That's a good idea. Why don't we need you this cool tour clock today? I'm giving it a few. A lot more interesting. I have a Darcy Freakin Hortichuck on. Cabeer ass. Supposed to be a great lead in any of your hand, but up until this morning, and then you try to sandbag me, but put in some lame ass hockey player on it. Nobody ever heard of it. I'll go eat a corn dog. You can see how corn dog tastes. You start talking hockey, might as well be talking to the beast. Oh, here we go. That's what you're talking about. The Marlin's Yof Farts. Whistling by the graveyard. And I was right there. I got to go talk to Grey. And then I'm going to go talk to dead people. And go, uh, service grandmire at it. You know, I might be heard today on a desk. Why not? Yeah. She's looking as horny as ever. Well, you know, she wheelie misses bed. Yeah, Royce Royce. Royce Royce. Royce Royce Royce. Royce Royce. Royce. A 10 pounder baby. Saga my sky. Nothing like a large mouth bass in your box loung. I'll be even air to you, Scott. Firelooms. Who the hell are the firelooms? Here comes the politicians. No hair on the real big guts. After the German mates' uh, What can he get his thoughts? And cows, La Bordia, he knows. He's creating quite a bite. He then, though he's got a team known. He's lowering his phenomenal dollars. And cows, he's creating quite a bite. He then, though he's got a team known. He's lowering his phenomenal dollars. He comes to do it as that team can he does and live the way. But he's sure no door beckons. He's in that California state. Hello. He's waiting until that debate. Rolls on your way out. The voting for the National Party. Do I think about the National Party? No. The National Party. The National Party. The National Party. The National Party. The National Party. The National Party. The National Party. How many QA and hello? Oh, hello, did the Leo. Speaking. Leo. Yeah. Oh, what do we say? We're sure we're sure on top. We ran away over at Scott with that. Vogue's interview with Darcy Freak and Horticulture. I mean, don't take it personal. Darcy unless you want to. But nobody has any idea who you are. I'm going to do it right now. Yeah. Let's do a break. What do you say? Sure. Why not? Well, we got the election. The voting is underway. The polls are open in California. You do know that, don't you? Ha ha. I'll post open it seven this morning to late PM tonight, which is 11 o'clock. And it's going to be they got 2.2 million absentee ballots a minute of which are going to become after the election is over. How long after? Well, until they get a fixed away, they want it. I say 10 13 at 5 60 WQM happy Tuesday to a Marlins kick some cubby ass tonight. I'm convinced of an inch of Congo to really feel. Aren't they going to win? We don't know. It's going to be tough. Going to be tough soon. And red socks and the Yankees. Jordan was hanging right on this disease. He was going to be in the World Get serious. All I'm hanging all right. You're getting serious if you really want a great new mattress and the best you'll go in the world. You're going to call it dollar mattress. You're not going to waste your time and money going to those betting inferniture stores unless you're a jerk. Because they rip you off all the time. Dollar mattress gives you the lowest prices. The best names in a business every day. 365 days a year for discount prices on the top names like Ceeley. Sort of tempered. Eximence King Quilster and Savannah Foster. You it all you have to do is make the one easy call. 1 800 mattress. No nonsense. No bait and switch. No house brands. No false promises and best of all. You don't have to pay no premium for the best service going anywhere. And we'll talk about service. They are absolutely unfetable. When you call dollar mattress. You pick the day in time for delivery. You pick the two hour window. And they'll hop right through it. Just like jumping hoops. Because that's the way they kind of give your service. Like noon to two, one to three. It's at about any time. 8 in 1 a.m. till 10 p.m. seven days a week. I would say bottom mattress. Some dollar mattress for a very long time. And the back is the only good part of my body. With low prices same day delivery. If you set up and removal it's easy to see why any smart person out there knows. That dollar mattress is ranked the best in the world in customer satisfaction. So don't get sucked in by those phony mattress. Show them or furniture store sales. They're not even the same ballpark with dollar mattress. Pick up that phone right now. Make the call. You'll be sleeping in serious comfort with a big smile on your push as soon as tonight. 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. It's mattress.com. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. You can't hear the sports radio five-sus. 2-A-M. The club start. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online. something. Should it out? Should it? You'd get out. Parents just came in again. 175 votes on yesterday's poll. Now why do you have all of that folder all there online nine when we know exactly who it is? Got. Are you like becoming retarded or do you have a start? We need to be coming retarded. Here's our mystery chronic collar online nine WQAM. Happy to be here. Don't fire me, me. This is normal care. Is that good? It was what? I didn't hear word. Did you hear what he just said? He said he was normal. Oh, a normal. Squeeze this normal. Okay. You jackass you idiot. Quick given out my phone number. You jackass you simple little. I think he is interior defecating is what he's doing. Idiot. No seriously. The bad weed and just being retarded to begin with that'll let you get your every time. He's a weightball cashed it out. You know I mean almost as good as our good friend. Who's the dumbest of the model? He should have been on the poll this one. Yesterday we left him off. George W. Bush 343 votes. The American public 341. A almost caught him. They're right closing on his ass. My ties in 171. My tython. And in a course with 88. Jessica Simpson did bravery while 65 and after that it was no look and tend to be all small potatoes. So evidently those are the five dumbest people if you come up with next two. And of course and Jose Conseco 25. Greg Reed tied the Dan Quail 24. I think if we reload it one more time. What do you mean the American public? American public pants. I print this thing out so I don't have it right here. No 342 to 343. This is still on behind. I'm going to keep hitting it. Arnold Schwarzenegger only had 22 votes. He's the dumbest of the model which indicates to me that even this usually a little bit more stood audience. Do you think it's an an and we're really scary? It is absolutely positively scary. That's why they're really believe that's why they're coming out with all this stuff right at the last minute because they're desperate now that they realize that he actually is going to win. I don't think they took it seriously in the beginning. If nobody in a right mind could possibly vote for him. Like the broad on city pulse this morning. She's doing the California election story. And she says Arnold Schwarzenegger is in the lead. And she's looked at the camera and said he's done what? He's done what? Because he's determined it. That must be it. I still have these to agree David. Do you hear any of the speeches that he makes? I mean he just talks and he's not the highlight. He's not the highlight. Oh, by the way, almost need a drummer role for this. I have the story of the century of all the great stories that I've read on this show. Which I don't like too much reading because it's Pandu is, you know. Yeah. Right now anyway, Bob Fitzreccaz and Harvey Wasserman from the Columbus Ohio Free Press. And it's called Seagheil, the Bush Robe Schwarzenegger Nazi Nexus and the destabilization of California. You're going to love this. You're going to be squeezing your kneecaps. You're going to be so excited about it. Anyway, getting back Arnold had only 22 the dumbest of them all. Darrell Strawberry hit 15. Bobby Brown 14. How does site out of mind? I mean, you know, he's in the slamer. I'll have even sees Bobby Brown, right? Right. Wouldn't even even see him. He's a bomb. Bob, he Brown. Joe Carrillo had 12. He had a dozen. He's one of the dirty dozen. Mary and Barry had the same as sliced alone. Ever seen together? Oh, same person. Mary and Barry and Slice alone had nine of piece. Hey, Mary and what's up? You're nose. Martin Lawrence will Smith and Tommy. Cheese had Thompson had four of piece and zero four in last place had three. I guess if you're going to be disrespectful if they had too many votes for the former for a former US president, the current one we all know that's why he's in lead. Gerald Ford, who of course used to fall down a lot and couldn't walk in chew gum at the same time. So almost 1200 hooks on air was pretty successful. We got two poles for today. The poles are open in California. Let's go out there and vote. What do you say? All right. Let's send in a few absentee ballots just to make sure. Here's the poll number one. What's your take on today's California recall election? Arnold is in. Who's the mighty will win? Oh, yeah. The recall vote will not pay. The recall will not pass or who gives a Schmidt. Because after all, we are in Florida, not in California. And so as we as all of that, there may be a lot of people who figure who gives a crab. So does it afford choices? I don't think there's any other possibilities are there? No. Did I like that? Aliens warned. Aliens will invade California better than than us. Now we had a good time with Aliens. Plus the Apollo's got a chance to check his penis every few hours. See what we're still there. What's your take on today's California recall election? Arnold is in. Boost the mighty will win. The recall will not pass and who gives a Schmidt. I think that I think just four choices all we need on that one. Oh, look at that. It's up there already. This is New York man. He is smoking. Something smoking. Good stuff. I'm saying Arnold is in. I think I already. Yeah, did you? It's done. Five. Badger. Like somebody would say like Mickey would say. Five done. And they ought to care but they don't. All look at that. Arnold is in. Six and who gives a Schmidt. Six and Boost the mighty will win. One and a recall will not pass. Nobody have the first 13 quick votes. But two of those are ours. That's not possible though. By the way, got some bad news for you. Well, I mean that's his bad news. Wally George died. You died? Yeah. Who? Exactly. Now what was the quarterback? George. Jeff George. Jeff George. That's it. See, out of sight out of my because he's suck man. He was with the, uh, Colts. And everybody else in the league. He's he's not around anymore. As you're. I hope. And somebody like him had to been Jeff George. That died instead of Wally George. All a while. George was a right winger. So I guess we can't be too upset. Guy. Conservative talk show host Wally George. Who's prior to liberal guess for two decades on hot seed is died. He was 71. Pretty young George. No, not really. George the father of actress Rebecca D. Morney. See you didn't even know that. Neither die. I'm sorry. I'm out of the, uh, Mercury news in San Jose. He died of Pinnomonia, a Sunday at the fountain valley regional hospital medical center in the California. He been in hospital for three months due to complications from cancer. George is combat of TV show broadcast on KD OC TV and Enahim. Rose the popularity in the 80s. He called as a perch combat TV. And he was known for interrupting guests by shouting insults at them. At all. They said that I'm a lunatic that I'm a maniac. He told a newspaper. But what do you have to? Why do you have to smile at your guests and be nice and let them say what they want to say? Say I like that. What do you have to suck your ass? For real. What do you have to suck? Uh, what's his name? Darcy Horticux. Ask. Born George Walder perch and opened to a former father like Chris and the owner of a shipping company. George moved to Hollywood with his mother rates 14. He became a district. He, with KIEV keyf in Glendale. He used to the wall of George. He had a Canadian odiosis venery reruns of the show since George underwent surgery and June and move a bone to his spine that had disintegrated due to cancer. He's the, it was the father Rebecca D. Morney who was in a great movie to hand it, makes your, makes your canados. Remember that? Sure. I love that movie. She was really good in that. She was excellent. She looks just like Hillary. You know what? Yes, she does. You don't think there's a striking similarity between Hillary Clinton and Rebecca D. Morney. Same person. Have them both take their clothes off. No, seriously. You watched that movie again. The hand that, uh, bakes your canado and you'll see. I'm trying to rat now. I'll be right there. You looks a lot like Hillary. You're allowing your anti- Hillary prejudice, which I share. You're allowing that to, uh, taint your, uh, you're, you know, I think Hillary, uh, when she was younger. I saw some of those younger pictures of her and, uh, she was doable. I never said that she looked good. I said she looks a lot like Hillary. I don't think Rebecca D. Morney is hot. You think she's hot? She was. Yeah. Oh, man. Is this going to be a day or what? Twenty-seven past ten in California. It's seven, twenty-seven in the morning and they're voting now. They're sending all kinds of bogus ballots. They're jamming them all out out out. And by the way, Arnold, I'm arrested me for last week. Arnold, I'm arrested everybody here. Anybody in America, we're not molested by Arnold. No, anything we can just to, uh, avoid the insane that it's unbelievable. By the way, if your paycheck is unbelievable because it's teeny and tiny kind of like my penis. Here's the answer for you. If you'd like a big fat paycheck, every payday. Here's the way to do it. Get yourself some training and get yourself a great computer job from our friends at fast train. Call them today. You got nothing lose, but that crappy job in your lousy paycheck. Call one eight six six fast train because these folks can have you trade in surdifiable before years end. The demand for computer professionals is gigantic. It gets you manga. So there's no better time than right now to get yourself a new high paying job that you've been dreaming about. Fast train offers job placement assistance, convenient to evening weekends, schedules, and force outflow to locations as well. And fast train even offers financial assistance for people who qualify. So call today fast train and be sure to mention top direction name when you call they'll be on the flow and no time at all. See, I wasn't prepared for that. My fault, my bad, they'll be on the floor. You know, time at all. Just keep finding different ways to work that in. One eight six six fast train, get out of your dead end job and get yourself a life. Check them out of the web at fast train. Comment and call cool free one eight six six fast train. This is for 20 likes. You weigh in. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. yourself. Bill Clinton was exposed as an adulterer. One of his goals may have been to humiliate me publicly, but now is my turn to show him what I had discovered. On that auspicious day, lunch was served on the grounds under an enormous white canvas tent. One of my challenges that afternoon was the del Castro. There was a mischievous gleam in his eye. Then he said something that left me in awe. Hillary, I have a picture of you in my office. Mmm, delicious. Almost immediately, we crashed into bed. It was wonderful to lose myself in sheer physical sensation. A few days later, CD wonder called and asked if he could come over to see me at the White House. I answered, yes, you must come to see me. That night, I was ushered upstairs until to put on a wig and hoops skirt. And he periodically broke into giggles for no apparent reason. I'm not all that athletic anymore. But the next thing I knew I was swinging back and forth, squealing. When CD finished, I felt numb. Another surprise soon followed Paul McCartney, George Harrison, and Mick Jagger. The Hildend Mine. After all, she happens. 1033. At 5.60, nobody can go away. Boy, those are the best. Yeah, she's got bugs up the ass against Hillary. Is it Beatles? Anyway, 59 minutes were already on a pole. What's your take out of this California recall election? Who gives this mid 27? She had given the right choices because I know our crowd. They're Marlon and 10s right now. Yeah. Arnold is in 20. The recall will not pass 10 and boost the money will win only 2 out of 59 votes. Not looking good for old crews. You know who do a lot better? Freddie Cruz. Might have been better. And I'll tell you, would you even better than Freddie Cruz? It's an 80. It's an 80. It's an 80. It's a 20. It's a 20. It's a 20. It's a 20. It's a 20. It's a 20. It's a 20. It's a 20. It's a 20. It's a 20. It's a 20. She'd be sweet, but she's dead. She's going to be a right. And she probably get more votes than Cruz Bustemonic. Because nobody's got any idea who that fat being a res. So that's the result of the pole so far. A lot of indifference, which figures. Here's a very amusing fact. You just sent, please do not read on the year. Well, I won't read your whole name and we won't read your last name. The Iranians. A couple of weeks ago, I heard you talking about looking at the looking for someone to sit with your mother. I was wondering if you found anyone to forward. I'm sure to find home health aid and be interested in the position mentioned. If you're still looking, you can give me a call at 9.54. Yadi Adi and I can furnish you with more information. Thank you, sign on me with an actual name on here. Is that amusing or what? I'm looking for the Sirliest Jamaican woman. Somebody to sit with my mother. Oh, brother. I wouldn't wish that on anybody. My mother's doing just fine. And we can't think maybe out of here. You're ears that waxy build up cleaned up. Darcy Hordachuk. Oh my god. What are you doing? Is this like sabotage? Now is he trying to get even with Greg Reed and like sandbag and so on? Or what's that all about? Last thing we eat is hockey on this station. The Females Box from there. Leach of three man rush. That's all we need, man. Hockey. That's the end of this show. And it says station. Sir Maestro's box led in misleading the public. What a surprise. What happened to all those other people around here? I don't really care about them because I got a whole lot of stuff. Do we better do Pompano? Hello. Pompano? Hola. All right. Long gone. The sound off silence. I was probably the best call we've had so far. Here's for Lauderdale. The retired guy. Hello. Yes sir. I don't get a win. Yeah. And you're a fag. Big one. Yeah. You know that. Big one? No. It's a small one. How you like that one? I like that one. That was pretty good. I like that one. Oh. Oh. I give it about a two on a scale of 45 billion. How do you like that asshole? John. I like that one. I guess he sure got me. Yeah boy. Burn. I'm gagging out. I'm choke up. So bad. Fox News channel like the White House got a ratings boost from in the aftermath of 9.11. The tactics were remarkably similar. Never executives gauge the nation's anger and panic and recognized war in Iraq as a rallying point provided they give you was the sort of firm leadership unsullied by second guessing was a smart call as from the Seattle Times. Once war arrived of course, Fox wasn't alone in the media campaign to win audience hearts. Other cable channels in a worse made self promotional aay from Dash and correspondence, surrounding Iraqi soldiers and masterful bombardments hit the music. What great TV we got to bad a lot of us were knuckleheads about the facts. Adjust release report by the University of Maryland's program on international policy PEPA. Finds a majority of respondents have missed perceptions about the war. No. The results show that 48 percent incorrectly believe that the evidence of links between Al-Qaeda and Iraq have been found, 22 percent that weapons of mass destruction have been found in Iraq, and 25 percent that will depinion favor the US going to war with Iraq, a walloping 60 percent of who are held one or more of these misperceptions. You know her? Yes. How did we get to be such doops? PEPA quiz respondents on their main sources of news information their findings are at right. As you'll note and I got the findings right here at my right on the far right. As you'll note, Fox's audience scored the lowest. That's fodder for arguing the only place it's fair and balanced model reading belongs is on the cover of a satirical best seller. The more closely you followed Fox, the more misunderstood of misperceptions you had to play Ramsey PEPA research director, no other news outlet came anywhere near that. He said that in a separate examination of you were citing Fox's primary source, 45 percent he'll all three misperceptions. While the findings for Fox may not be a surprise, second among ill-enformed viewers as CBS, long considered a bastion of anti-war liberalism by subscribers to websites like rather biased.com. Apparently, benightedness cuts across eveological lines and no network or cable channel can claim its viewers are well informed about the worst most critical issues. We're like one nation under DA. Well ain't he the president? DA? DA? DA? I like that one nation under DA. This is from the Seattle Times. It's not our website. No, it's not our website. Is it? It's not. It's not. 80 percent. Had one or more of the Fox viewers, had one or more of these misperceptions of those three or categories about the war, 80 percent. Only 20 percent had none. CBS, 70 percent had one or more. ABC, 61 percent, NBC, 55, CNN, 55. The print media, 47 percent, and NPR or PBS had only 20 percent. Share these misperceptions, and they'll clue what that was all about, where these places are on the map. In other words, what this article is trying to say is the American public is dumb. Not smart like us, but dumb. Sing a high all the way till I get to read this article. Okay. Can't wait. Do it. Sunday, a bulletin around. Send a memo and speak in a single memo around. I'm sure you must have a pilot checks on the desk there from our sales department. Everybody else in a building for abandoned pair rest you to get over. I have no idea what we've got because he just loved me in the lurch now. I know we got an appearance I think on Thursday. We'd like. No, some time. Today. What? Hate, see them. No, no, he's too busy sucking around for my goddamn Marlon Cubs tickets. Why? In local. We're sports radio, 560s. You a M. Tonight on Action News, new clips and campaigns for Governor Gray Davis. It's California. I'm worried about. I don't want you to become a laughing stock, a carnival. I ask you to embrace new ideas. This is big. So in comprehensively large and we all to do it. And we all to do it together. More than a hundred thousand positions all across America. On tonight's. Action News. Indeed, I did have a relationship with a million Americans, including even my wife. 1043 at 560 WQM, 99 votes on the pool. What's your take on the latest California election? Of course we have a very socially conscious audience. And who gives a schmitz leading our hands down 47. Nobody cares. Even though it's about Arnold Arnold is in 32. The recall will not pass 17 and four cruise boosted money. Boosted money will win as only got three votes out of 99. Not looking too good for a four seeded cruise boosted money. Then guess who's not going to be elected president? Bobby. Bobby Graham. A war for the senator Bobby Graham in it is bid for the presidency after a struggling again momentum or raise cash in a crowded democratic field while leaving open a possibility of another senate campaign or even a vice presidential run if asked. He said if he's asked he'll have to run. Graham who said his candidacy failed because he got in the race behind several of his rivals and in a hard time raising money became the first democratic dropout. I felt the best prepared and most able democratic candidate to be elected president. He said in a statement Monday night, I've concluded this is not to be. A combination of factors is convinced me reluctantly that my dreams for the presidency are not. A tenable. Graham 66 one of the most popular politicians in Florida, but he attracted only single digit support national presidential polls and could reach his goal of praising 50 or 20 minute bucks to fund his candidacy. If we were to just pitch then he might still be in a running. You know what? There's nobody here. He's departure could benefit other candidates such as senator juleberman or Connecticut who hoped to get a fundraising boost from Jewish donors in Florida who were committed to their home state senator who are really from and where their pace and sits is all over the place. Within an hour of Graham's announcement long shot piece candidate Dennis Cassinant's urge Graham's anti-war supporters to join his campaign. Graham said he's not the side of whether he would run for reelection to a Senate seat Johnny Adiani and he said I'm Larry King live. Uh-huh last night. So Bobby Graham's out. Damn it. I mean, might as well, right? Right. What's the point? He's just spit in his view. We weren't how we anyway. We want how he dean. And I still him on yesterday. What happened with the interview? I'm somewhere in CNN, I guess. I don't know. Or maybe it was on MSNBC, which nobody watches. He was kind of weak. I mean, he was okay. But he was a little bit weak. Uh, I'm very much for him. But I, he's not really, uh, I don't know. He's not a little bit speaker. He's not what? He's what? Dynamic? No, he's not dynamic. I mean, Bubba. Even though he was like a hillbilly for a cracker from Arkansas, he was dynamic compared to these guys. And his own kind of Yahoo way. You know, it was like a good speaker. He was slick, Willie. It was slick. That's what Monica said. It's slipping out of a armpit. See, I can't wait to read. I'm going to keep teasing it. Wow. He's teasing it. Huh? Curse you. I'm going to read it over and over again. Oh, here's the picture in his story about Fox slanted news. Fox news channels are back work coverage featured reports from course, bonnet, Harald O'Rovera. And it shows the picture from all the way. And like silly goose again. Too bad. Too bad. The movie is beautiful. The show is disappearing here. Okay. So this is a picture for buzzard. Okay. All right, let's start with ... So the original method of knowledge is exclusive to the singer. So it is Not bad but any lecture, sabe. Cool thing. Well, we will take it back. Okay, sure. Okay. Uhm, I probably talked about uhhh... Joining little words. Okay. I was I was at the Marlins game with my family and they were four girls sitting in front of me and the whole game I was talking on a back of the head with a baseball bat actually the funny thing is I had bought my one of those little wood baseball bats and it was quite tempting at the moment Yeah because all they did for I would say good for any things to talk on a phone and we could do it they don't really care about the game like most of these people are going to be at the games and Friday and Saturday they don't give a crap about the Marlins or about the game but it's just a bad wagon jumping effect they must be there you know it's a gift significance to their lives well that was quite evident because I was sitting next to a die hard baseball fan about two friends who those those are their first time and he was explaining and the people that allowed the people to the back and everybody's like sharing some of the models and these girls all they're doing it talking to them thousand and that's all about like they want to be there okay well that's a great day you said it about six times already it's getting kind of ponders five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T Verizon line mad dog a two the hump or is back for a day work that after being professionally Jewish yesterday humpers back for the seven doing the show at school of stay two Marlins pre-games seven seven forty five it's the pre-games special with Tommy Hutton and Lang Caspard seven forty five Marlins on deck which goes on forever never for like thirty five minutes the game doesn't start to late twenty nice gun but light you more on you idiot eight twenty to eleven a class little kids won't be up the sea it's just like the world serious all this other stuff because but light in the baseball people are just stupid and that's so the way it goes Marlins at the cubs it really feel and everybody's gonna say oh well that's because the game is in Chicago it's in Chicago so that's why they got a well play at that time I noticed though that there's no difference on Friday when the game is at pp pockets at the same time you know that's got yes I do and how come we don't have Saturday's game on the schedule all the kind of a horseball schedule is this man who's making up these schedules what kind of a retard is making up these programs schedules good god almighty out-to-norm is the only interior defecator in that place I think must be clearance because game three is on here are we assuming the Marlins are gonna win a three straight or lose for what is this ever hoping for the best what's the best to seven boy in Saturday is gonna be probably they can't fit it on here because Saturday we got her coins at the Florida state which is the game of the century according to them my idiots you got the Panthers and a Bruins which is a regular season game and we're committed to carry that but also we're committed to carry the Marlin game as Presidents plus it's a playoff game also the Panthers are probably get pharmed out to like waxy seven ninety or some states that nobody ever heard of they can pick up on it out like at seventeen forty on a and banned ESPN four great so I mean who the hell knows that's why they don't have it on there because they don't know whether the scream or a look of an Anna and go all-own Clarence's case practice makes perfect five six seven oh five six be we love the Marlins twenty five hundred bucks for his my article from the Palm Beach post here it is tough call live for twenty five hundred bucks or TV for you see you're not full of us and not for real guarantee that you're not full of anybody for our running phone he's have come book a brand ever to that song at lower you know we're gonna be good doing that would be a guitar man didn't he wants to that no he did for running phone he I can just hear him sing it already it's like that K K J song to dolphin right Miami dolphin there's no that's not what it's called is it yeah it's called Miami dolphin show it's called off no trusty it's called that's why you often's if that's that call of Miami does just call dolphins you clown you fool you it is called dolphins fights on from a phone he's I can hear it now there's one for K J or whoever wants to grab it can't wait to play that over and over again it says so maybe you think you want to see a Marlins game is weekend in the Palm Beach post today Chris Rochard liver such a funny one liner their sold-outs and Andrew firestein must begin to Harvey manager the Florida Marlins media relations departmenters nothing more to say is what he said all I have to say said Andrew firestein except that these times with the improbable Marlins schedule to play the long-suffering cups at pp park Friday Saturday and Sunday there's one more thing you should know money matters you can get a seat behind home play that pro player for twenty five and a box in the seat in the outfield reserve for under twenty five if it's the wonderful rig leave field you want and who wouldn't it'll cost you twenty eight hundred eighty behind a plate and five hundred bucks from one of the worst seats in the house probably one of those behind a pool like I said in one day for one of those met so a couple games a hundred years ago so shake your head if you must but somebody has this kind of money brokers from bokeh to southern California are selling playoff tickets to these kinds of prices with one teeny tiny bonus they offer you something else so they can skirt florist tickets gapping statute when somebody pays to the other bucks he's not paying for the tickets at my current defense attorney brine ten bomb occasionally represents a few tickets gulpers in court he's going to get some kind of a package deals my good close friend Mike renewer used to say they got package deals like a package deal cool says like maybe two tickets to Paris or weekend at the breakers now that's crazy it's usually a sandwich or a t-shirt just an expensive sandwich right have you ever bought a sandwich for twenty five hundred bucks sure no problem one of those post-traumy hangin ones like from anklepers crutch so that's the deal twenty five hundred bucks the lines are like all around the blocks up all the way to Jacksonville everybody is filming at them up because they're on the bad wagon I guess better late than every you know we want to be on everybody's parade but it's just so glaring it's so obvious in a whole world of sitting back laughing their ass off so all there they go again showing their ass to the world what a bunch of phones they are in fact all the stories you know when the marlins won the last game against the braves against the who have a heavy baby the giants the articles all said every newspaper I would about a half a dozen actually more than that I may all said the same thing sixty five thousand people in the city more generally far more empty seats than filled ones are the rule they all made that you know went out of the way to make that point because it happens to be true well pick me poor from opalaka hello you know the major picker I give in right in here for block on twenty second and you know the one three five three three they got the dogs the swathing out turn everybody I'll be dead yeah guys I think about that yeah get any ports no we just did from you though oh man looks pretty good our crack news team it would right away thanks a lot pali you know this no glad to hear more okay Glenn hey listen have a great day though you man is gonna mirror my that's a these are gun squeeze you know that oh yeah that's he loves his guy loves his peace man but as Glenn and mirror are he's still what a sense by our minor differences there you know I'm talking about a shoot him up when see the gun show this weekend twenty five hundred bucks for a guy damn ticket and in addition to which the season ticket holders also get raped because we got those invite away the girl anybody else in that building you're not getting the cubs marlins tickets for the home games you're not getting them can't stand that all those free loaders there oh no Julie Paris is dead I have no idea who that was no I mean well that why did you fastest to my father's had said I didn't know who it was that must be some old codger who you were recognized no Julie Paris who started in 1967 CBS sitcom Good Morning World and a person films with Jerry Lewis and others pressley is died she was 62 yeah she died she died Wednesday well this is almost a week later at the Tarzan community hospital of natural causes likely were related to her history of over in cancer said a brother James will bar searching for mr will bar Paris portrayed Linda on good morning world I never heard of the show I never heard of her which I know from 67 to 68 and also featured Billy the wolf jobie baker Ronnie shell and cool de haunt she'll prepare and shows including star trek boy ends in my three sons one of my favorite shows oh man and Beverly Hills 902-1 oh she also had rules on soap office including return to patent place and capital number capital no she was in the film paradise Hawaiian style with Elvis and in one of the film's best moments held a group of dogs at bay as pressley sang to her in a helicopter isn't it's exciting why am I reading all of it for book a brand I guess she also had seven now he doesn't know who this is either she also had several stage rules and received an LA drama critics award for a portrayal of Maggie and Arthur Miller's after oh I couldn't have programmed this better myself if I can just find it anything in Arthur Miller's after the fall maybe she was crushing she had several writing critics including episode of liver and surely recorded when we dance now of them of country music well that's a shame whoever the house he was somebody some bra Julie perishes dead what was her name she perished dammit she had a fall five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T line a pressure is building there's squeezing it the big election in California to big game tonight the marlins and the cubs and rigley field what they'll market you want my my my my this is for twigio five six you you you drugs packing coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story in one song he mentions banging seven women he was Lou Vega when I do not want to brag but that Lou Vegas Cavalier about his mega hit mumbo number five I'm in like me so many and appetites I must snack off and no God is this guy for real desperate to get a viewpoint which conflicted with this obnoxious mother we sat outside characters doctor Jane oh man suck this Lou Vega is a dysfunctional sex addict he has the legions of grandeur in the severe fallack of session he should be castrated and forced to eat it I mean really you don't catch me having sex with seven men ever in my lifetime putting our attempt to discredit Lou Vega had back fired so we went the other way and found porn star Ron Jeremy Jesus that's fantastic you know I don't think I ever did it with seven women in my whole career I mean at one time four was the most they gave me but then it kind of even up because I was you know let's just say I'd better move baguette and put it in all the places I did so for me four women was more like ten or twelve you know come to think of it that Lou Vegas and who was he to say he's better than me will you listen to this typical man they all have to whip out their things and brag about who gets to do me I mean not me oh hell yes I mean me do we will of course my love it for that is what I do I serve as the lovely ladies oh Christ we're back to him again well somebody please kill me it's a big juicy shopping wedlock at show business I'm inside the behind it's 111-5-60 W to come 154 what's your take on today's California election there's Arnold on CNN ring down Arnold Schwarzenegger who gives us Schmidt 76 people said that Arnold is in 51 the recall will not pass 24 and Cruz Cida Cruz Booster money will win only three out of 154 one point nine percent I think that's got to cut it to you here's a call that says Toronto but can it possibly be hello yes sir how's it going hey going very well story yeah recent relocation from South Florida to Toronto and right out of that chaos and yeah congratulations you on the radio around the on the web whatever that thing is yeah well that's fabulous man we got Indian summer coming this week in the 70s tomorrow it's sunny in the 60s today it's beautiful what more can you want it is last week with a bit chilly but mid teams this week and looking real good nothing wrong with it happened the mayor election Barbara Hall all the way all the way man yeah she's pretty weak but you know she's the best we got I hear her her public seeking skills are improving from the last go around well could they be any worse I don't think so I like Mayor Mel myself he was a real hood I did I didn't really miss him a lot he was goofy but he was goofy in a good way I like him yeah did we like it was that sickly yeah he's got he's got it all he's got a B and C the kneel just wanted to say hello from Toronto and Georgia's thinking okay see around eight okay take care of my call from Toronto how do you like that all right where to make believes will be opening their season set it against the Montreal Canadians at the ACC I'm sure George will be there for that game hmm sure yeah four killed an Iraq attacks three US soldiers at an Iraqi interpreter killed in two separate incidents by explosive devices yet that in your banged that US military said today in one incident the soldier will honor read them all just you know it's just more numbers they just all us statistics there don't names in here anyway just remember what it's worth it oh is it yeah do we know why yet but we'll figure it out we'll make up some answer watch worth it on his great David who the personnel of a dead man time ago there and I spoke here at the hotel with octores who is the chairman of the California state that's California get it right and we talked a little bit about comparisons between this recall election yeah you're boring okay so that's a deal and also speaking of the recall which most of you don't care about but that's okay but a bomb bar you with it anyways more important than heard about the uh... fricken marlins and uh... darsie hortic shock oh god Scott I used to like your lot Scott but that he was you notice how he made up that by the great uh... cross over that we did after it marathon cross until about ten thirty ponderous you know one thing i've noticed you notice on the last break or the one before that how he couldn't get the uh... the spot somewhere one thing i've heard about Scott junior there he's totally incompetent at least is consistent and another one he's by the way he's just sucking around for hockey tickets you can have all the hockey tickets you want okay because i'm not there number one and uh... nobody that all it's been could have a stuck in my house long people you know i need long service right high yeah okay i don't want to tell the whole story because i don't want to mention their name on the air but there are long service from a hell in a suck in the shunny crock okay what happened when i was home last time down there uh... there's a knockout of window and guess what the long people have messed up my expensive pool heater what are they done they like cracked uh... something to pipe on the side they've created all kind of a problem and so the guy apologetically the banana boat uh... captain of the uh... crew comes to the window it says all while all we apologize about about about one of these illegal aliens a smash the big lawnmower to the thing and yet he and uh... you know go ahead and get a fixed it will pay for it will deducted what whatever will make sure you get paid for it so click the pool mine you know click the pool mine are real if if you look up the word shies that's the clips pictures next to it a clip the pool mine he had to care of it in fixed the biggest thing and it was at a hundred fifty bucks or whatever was a hundred eighty so it took the out of the pool man and now the people at this along service as supposed to deducted they do a really crappy job in the first place they suck but you know me and old softy so i like you know i don't like firing anybody you know scott even on the right now in that case i might make an exception i'd interior defecator but the fact that i'm at a was these people uh... and so john calls over there to see what that was the story because they're not quettiting the bill and uh... this bitch i don't know how to mention him on here this bitch goes through a whole saw well nobody ever told us about it and we really can't verify that and all of the people that you're talking about of already a quick anyway they've gone back to uh... al Salvador where they came from and uh... so this is been going on for two weeks and finally yesterday he told her pop on google a bitch and we need to move on service because these people sucked they did a crappy as job they showed up on every day how they felt like it uh... they would never pick up the the uh... the the the the the the those palm trees i have in my backyard right as my neighbor behind me they don't want to see my big of the big dish my satellite dish to you my neighbor you idiot but uh... of course the palm trees all in the front right i don't want to pick up the front they don't want to pick up the front a with their with their homes because they might have to start using palm Oliver something i must have to soaking in it so as a result into a crappy job in a first place i just out of feeling sorry for these illegal aliens having can there as a long time ago because their work sucks okay they are to law service with more how we're david is to radio absolutely suck so i need a law service i am not looking for free be i'm just looking for somebody to do a good job that's all i want i got to go to the does it can job do you really sure but maybe we'll hire him okay that would never solve the problem right now he's the one otherwise we'll get like fifty people because you know and florida everybody either everybody either has a long service or a pool service all this is a full service long service slash landscape or he reconstructed my yard after the state to re-roid it with that citrus uh... so yeah that the jet bush grudio or what i was citrus over those tankers the race that the three-day couch my yard and broke my fast rules everything up uh... in the process they put it right back together and uh... even better than it was before look at a six-county still using punch card balance in california that's what uh... this old he agrees or something about frank it on cnn for that but yeah uh... that is their cake and she's so bubbly but you'll have a guy's out there would like to do her that they're in kaga i don't think she's sure better looking on this uh... old uh... the uh... gas bag what else are they never seen and uh... don't mind wood roof man oh yeah we need the lord we need god on our side yeah god harvest if you're watching certainly not news i apologize for having a watch that but it case anything happens i feel i need to have it on because the cd i could put on the cd cd cd cd or watch that but they like specifically with real news you know but government did nothing and so what he said out in these two hundred and thirty plus they say out all the time i don't want to put that here's a call from pop in oh hello hello yes sir thanks for taking my call thank you so much for writing your call did you say new the article on the homeless voice and pop in ok set no i think i restricted to six to six this is our revenge on five six seven five see i'm getting pretty good two five six seven five sixty pound five sixty revenge on we don't want to talk to you okay we don't want you calling we don't want to talk you go away because you're gay yeah get lost he won't his crazy won't stop he's a crazy person it this is what happens when he gives somebody a little bit of encouragement right away this becomes their life didn't what i tell you yesterday there are so many people obsessed with this program not just listening passively but their life and i can understand and so forth because there's nothing else going on here everybody who leaves that town sooner or later they call and say you know the only thing we must about being there was your show neo because the rest of that place absolutely blows and i can relate to that i understand it sure which is a real bonus because i can sit here like in a real civilized place hey boy it looks like a beautiful day it's been a little probably chilly right now it was two this morning which is like 35 degrees yeah trade it a little on the chilly side but to then now it's fifty already it's gonna be sixty one today and like seventy three or four tomorrow oh and sunny and beautiful not a cloud the sky it's got that kind of Vegas look to it you know oh i shouldn't have said Vegas makes me think about broy but i'm going to him not as a good news out of that story even the spotty you being such a heartless bastard there is golf yeah he died no not not that goal broy horn happily Vegas do all of sick freedom broy was able to move his hands feet and give a thumbs up signal now yesterday hospital official said three days after being molded i one of his Tigers doing a show university medical center official said 59 year old broy horn was still in critical condition he still got a gapeing wound on his neck he suffered massive blood loss in the insidium officials that also had a stroke after the mulling the accident happened to fry the net about half way i could we know that the knees prevent the who was watching the show's part of her honeymoon trip said horn introduced a seventy-year-old white tiger named Montecord the audience and that luck all the animals leash bad move broy broy bad move you shouldn't let go of it the tiger started a head off stage prevent it told CNN's Anderson Cooper and horn tried to directed back to center stage you could tell it didn't want to go so he had the leash he was trying to get it to sit in phase the audience and he had his arm out in front of him she said the tiger bit his arm and he's hitting the nose of the tiger with a microphone trying to get it off well you're gonna get anybody off it and there knows well and after that it's kind of a blur but it seemed like he almost sat down or leaned back gradually and then the tiger bit his neck and shoulder area and dragged his ass off stage you said all right unfortunately his ass wasn't the chance to the rest of no one in the audience screen provided said no one knew whether was part of the show they didn't know but his scream or he'd to banana i thought it was part of the act and your question was also on the audience that on CNN's Larry King live no one moved no one ran no one screamed everybody thought it was part of the act broy other audience members said horn looked like a rag doll in the tiger what are you laughing about it's a steric other audience members said horn looked like a rag doll in the tiger's mouth crew members backstage sprayed a fire extinguisher at the cat to force him to release his grip attacked him through train using such an event or our spokesman Ellen Feldman said another good Jewish boy Ed Marusca sounds like some pet about check or something what is that a rubber name is that number only Marusca but that was attended this was the k Polock director emeritus of the Cincinnati zoo theorized that something it upset the animal could have been a subtle change in the routine to be animal he told Cooper wild animals are wild animals they're unpredictable he said and you know what he is you gotta stum right on it but thumbs up from home he's alive and alert and he's uh in bad shape he's on the verge all that you know when he dies by the way they're like a sitting ovation it's not a party you you probably will because you're well as bastard you and Scott you're in for Routo harmless bastion you have a big party at this abroad just I we know who the hell she wants oh I'm Julia what are you boys fuck it perish probably can't agree puck it hey by the way how's uh what's his name doing leon Harris they just retired from CNN speaking it could be puck it that was I'll never forget that day was another one of those lucky moments maybe my psychic powers were uh zooming in again you know I just how many times do I turn on the audio from anything I'm watching when I'm down there you know right and I just I just punched up the audio about the American occupation yeah and it just and he said animal or twin center field or curvy puck it but he said puck it with an F yeah and he said it I know and it's course it's live TV and it just it just went right along and I just sat there in stunned silence like did he really say that of course the answer with Gregum that's probably why they forced him to retire 11 13 at 560 W to QM if you got a really crappy job and you like to change your life for the better how'd you like to call fast rain today that's a smart thing to do and really accomplished that call one 866 fast rain they can really have you working in a new high-paying computer career before the end of this year don't forget the demand for computer professionals is unlimited skyrocketing there's no better time to right now to get you a new high-paying career in the computer field past rain-offer job placement assistance can be a daily weekend schedules and they got four locations all over South Florida so it just makes common sense that there's bound to be one nearby you and if you qualify fast rain even off as your financial assistance to so if you want to those people is finally ahead of with your crappy job and with making peanuts and with eating out just a measly existence don't be a measly measly pick up the phone call fast rain today right now at 1 866 fast train those uses no mole to stay in a crappy did-in job working for some puts check them out of the web first at fast train dot com get all the info you be looking for and then make that call a conchanger like call 1 866 fast train my life and look oh my cow Neil Rogers is right the cubs and this governor's raised him how it is just getting crazy public and Democrats with the difference you know your guys my guys our guys are guys are the guys the democracy for you oh sexual politics our campaigns are financed by the same guys that pay you guys I really want to put us a Larry plant going for current off food by themselves and have decided to get up to keep you back well I believe I'll vote for a third party candidate politics was just too sleazy long government carol it was no experience and a womanizer and a terrible guy with a government note out room for rain go ahead roll your boat away come back segmental 11 19 at 560 WQM a public is our only jackass you goof all you moron better take a lot of these costs because it could be very important you think no like this one in bokeh hello yes sir I was a dick and bokeh how you doing pretty good dick I was going on I wanted to start tell you that tell that cruiser Cuban and Mr. Montes Mexican so I proposed you call him you know Taco Bell Mr. Montes okay well we'll take another consideration okay pretty lame was that lame or what it was going to be lame or some stick and bokeh five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty see I don't know what it is with this a crowd about how many years now about turn man like anything else it's like when you go to Vegas don't expect to win anything expect to lose everything you got and if something good happens to be lucky then it's like a miracle right right same thing every time you punch up a call don't expect anything and if it turns out to be good it's like oh my god that's a miracle yeah I know that's the a new approach taxes are just pouring across my machine what he don't know send me these please don't I don't think the cartoons they just like vaccine them well stop okay I got the cartoon or fact that anymore okay it's not funny it says don't know if you made mention of if you're ever aware but Michael Moore's new book dude wears my country hits the shelves today all right somebody was telling me about that yesterday dude wears my country and I'm gonna go out today and get it dead after we that aside by each along with the other book the uh uh what the hell are you rebook the uh what's your call at book what's your call are you the Michael Moore the other Michael Moore not the other Michael Moore book our many red that stupid white men I'm talking about the other way it lies in the the liar's the Al Frankenken Jesus anyway dude wears my country hits the shelves today should be good to read regards from Tucker and it's not Tucker Carlson are going to see that that little fact with a bow tie P.S. if this is old news sorry try listen for all four hours but work sometime in the first well get your priorities right Tucker but thank you very much I'm so glad he sent me that because I didn't look at him in the book world dude wears my country nice go on Michael Moore I say Michael Moore for president yeah there's a guy it could have taken a crap from anybody that's right of it oh and some good news telemarketers have stopped calling my house in Florida that's the report I'm getting no more telemarketers since last Wednesday not like zero huh how do you like that and how about you we have a feature creature feature that we finally convince somebody to activate even though we were paying for it for a long time maybe it will get some reports from some people in the audience who've had a pleasant surprise in the script that's in last Wednesday since they've got the fear of God in them or some of our God that they stop making those calls to anybody who is on the list because needless to say I signed up immediately if not sooner and I'm sure most of you people did as well am I right here's the fact from Tim and Del Ray now how many jah he drops a week up oh my oh my that's only one I got him do we have any other ones but I know it oh he says what it's currently happening in California it's quite amusing on the surface but overall say huge step back toward the advancement of the a huge step back toward the advancement of the sees got there wrong I know always choose 100% liberal or conservative ones like the candidates or topics but I take an issue educate myself if Arnold Schwarzenegger is elected governor of largest union tonight that only confer my fears he was tremendously thick line between Hollywood fame and potentially disorganic country's future is become thinner and thinner does he mean like a sunny bono and Ronald Reagan is that what he means I can see it now in 50 years of back street boy type like maybe what's his name our first gay president what's his name Nick Carter or the next Britney Spears will use their celebrity status money and fame to fool and infatuated public rock climbing their way to be the leader of the free world can you see Britney time and on top oh my oh my of Madonna I hope it never happens but it's your looks to be on that track Neil God help us I'll be under the mattress is Tim and Del Rey can you play a lot more of those oh my oh my Josie drops so thanks a lot Tim even though you're a little incoherent that's so I can understand it the second pull today starting at noon we won't put it up till noon because I like this one we got on there right now for the first pull to 112 votes what's your take on a California election who gives us mid-106 50 percent right down the middle 106 110 like I said out of 222 nearly 50 percent Arnold is in 74 say that look at that they need to realize that their vote is just important is a bill gate vote is not less power and our vote it's Reverend Run from run the MC roll right now look at that hat man oh my god but but Zini would be proud you know maybe that somebody else in office what do you guys think out of what is what's happening is that a fedora is this is on CNN is that a fedora he's where what do you call that uh so if they have a free can and Bradshaw what do you make out of the california recall I am as well you see what happens with people get a keen interest is he say Bradshaw Bradshaw what do you think child he was voter turnout today they should have ran short ago when he's a wrestler he's a WWE a wrestler or a wrestler or a wrestler we got arm what more can you why yeah anyway here's the a pull for later over the years which celebrity do you think is aged the best now I made that original list of four and I added one hit this morning which I do with great we great regret but you know what's going to be John Stamos Brad Pitt Sophia Loren and Barbara Eden were the first four we thought of in a small need you got to put the carcass or even though we hit him like poison speaking to Michael Moore but nevertheless he didn't start aging until very recently and then like all at once you know he gained about 50 years which were very happy about I think it was after Michael Moore approached him in a band and he started aging like crazy who went from looking like 30 to about 90 so we'll have to put dick on there too for our later on pull got it so who is this this is reverend to who is this is this a puff dog reverend really yeah they got a guy now on a passion's called puff dog puff daddy and puff dog and peed diddy and the sphula kind of smitty and all these crazy sphulches with a freaky cat he's he's a now what's he wearing a collar for and being a man of the man of the cloth right Jay has done what he was supposed to do here on earth and on he's passed the test he's out the clash with him we had a record it said and like all fairy tales and you'll see Jay again my friend I believe it's oh Jay was I'm Jay oh that's who they were talking about right oh it's Jesus I'm told I'm not seriously until this moment until this moment I never knew that now what's the song we got in here uh not just that your mama but you got it I don't have it you'd be ill and here we go here's what you want you'll Jay yeah being in Jesus oh that is incredible yeah what is it? so we just learned something that's an alphabet guys okay do you know that runs from what is it? do you borrow that outfit from Dr from father greenhouse our duty yeah he does matter fact how do you know that the heck you know this going they got a great sense of you who are all them getch keys here's a fact from pdleno I think we have to do the break why did you send that to me you were not otherwise fabulous day not you didn't send it to me not then why is he a fact to me direct why does this asshole have my facts number here and why are you actually here they all I'm gonna change all my numbers my phone number my facts number my penis size number all of it I'm changing it 27 past 11 has 560 WQM a tensioner audio mortgage shoppers out there the following message could save you a Schmidtload of cash interest rates for homeowners are shooting up like crazy shooting up almost as much as some of the people on TV right now but there's still an interest rate available it's just 1.95% call 1-800-940-land it's true the economy is changing so if you even thinking about refinancing your home or if you want to move to a better real estate investment this is what you really ought to be thinking about doing in fact don't think about it do it call financial group at that toll free number because with 1.95% you'll get amazingly low payments if you have yourself a hundred thousand dollar loan you pay only 156-8 a month if you have a 200 thousand dollar loan your payments are a mere 736 a month so call financial group right now 1-800-940-land to get you that low amazing unbelievable 1.95% interest rate even on interest rates are climbing even still get it on this call financial group it's 1-800-940-land LE and V there are an equal housing that are critter restrictions do apply rates have to change monthly 5.19 meteor and ocean Yes! I'm a king, I want her big, but I'm a camping trail, so I can stay at home and chase college tail judging from what I've seen, but choices are obscene. It's either widely remembered, how would be carry corn, can't go on a rest? Can't get a license, but but in a health test, please get the wits to run, so I can have some fun. Wow! Me and Cha-Fuck-Wan, her and Washington, I'll hold the party, chart contested my yard, and I'll be alone. Oh, what a r-f-sat-me-hard, and be a dream come true, and be a major-two. If a flake willy were to pull us, which are you? Have a heart-tooth, wha-a-s-well, some bagin' and pleading put me mouth in the house. Level 33, 27 till noon, Arnold by the way, is going to remember all those things are going to come flashing back to them after they have the final election certified result right. And then, you know what they're talking about now, then they're going to have another recall, they're going to recall him, seriously, they're talking about that already. This is a fact from P. Lenny, which he sends directly to me, and which you did not send is so obnoxious and unacceptable. Self-aggrandizing, PD-go away, see this? Like I said before, when you opened it or it's like Reverend Jones, when you give somebody the slightest bit of encouragement, because I said all I said last week was, PD-Lenny compared to the current grop of sales holes we got there now, who launched service to recount, who don't write any copy, who don't give a crap generally speaking, he was not so bad. Is that what I said? Something like that, yeah. Now he sends me the spacts like he's my long-lost best friend, his non-competes over, he's going to come back into radio, kicks and serious ads, and a bee's leaf threatened to sue him and yada yada yada, okay, and it all kind of phone numbers, PD, I have a great luck, good luck there. We should only be the best going. Speaking of taxes, and out of control. The whole time page stories, hey Jim, we really appreciate these multi-hundred-page bags that you keep sending the stop. Page Jim, cut the crap, you and PD-Lenny both cut the crap, okay, right now, make it a mark, October 7, 2003, right at dawn, and a goddamn page, right there in front of your ass, right on your wrist like a momento. Right at dawn, you're penis, if you can find one. Cut the crap and quit wasting our fast paper and send this whole bunch of crap, Jim, and a single for you, 2 PD-Lenny, oh I have a lot of fast paper. I guarantee I've got a lot more fast paper than you got. Right, let's change the pool now, let's put the new one on there, because this one we got the, we got the, jizz of it. What's your take-out today's California recall election? This audience, they don't care, well. And yet, not as well known, a lot of people saying, well, you might be in the 125, but you can't win. 251 votes, who gives this mid 128.6% say, the California? Arld is in 85%, the recall will not pass 39 and crews at Taco Bell, most of them, they has got only a 5 votes out of 254, not too good. Even Celia Cruz has been dead, she's not even warm anymore, she's got more votes and pretty crews in a quiet storm, has got the 7,000 votes. Or look at his Arnold's going to cast his vote any minute. We throw the term Christian right around a good bit, but Tom McLentock comes from that segment of the, you're a good one to talk to you, the God bit. She's part of the God squad. In the next segment, I'm going to read that article by Bob for Tacos and Harvey Wasserman. Good, stop teasing. Put Macas from the Columbus Ohio Free Press. And they headline that the article is SIGHA, the Bush-Rose Schwarzenegger, Nazi Nexus and the destabilization of California, which I think you're absolutely, you'll be squeezing it. Here's plantation, hello. I kind of like, oh, I kind of like, oh, that was a shirt. Don't you love this? Here's a call from plantation, hello. Yeah. Yeah. Just to give you a little insight, when you talk about Canada, stuff leaves, we don't care about it. Yeah. Well, we don't care about listening to that on your other phone call either, asshole. So blow it out your ass more on and say how do you your boyfriend? No way out. How do you like that? Do you like Smoto? Yeah. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And for what? He probably called for most house, probably hang it out. Here's a call from Miramar, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how's it going, man? Going great. What are you talking about, Canada? What? I said, how's it going with you? Yeah, all right, you know, down here in this, uh, smithole. Yeah, exactly. Hey, but uh, I mean, what a big joke, man. This, uh, California thing, man. It's like California. It's like California. It's like a whole big, uh, Hollywood production, you know? Right. That's right. And we just like another, uh, here's the last, uh, this is from last week. Schwarzenegger 40, boost the Model 32 percent. I'm old, in man. I'll just in. He demand. Hello. He's been a terminate grade Davis. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised, you know, like if you get to like, did you know, you just kind of like see him, you know, like his skin pops off. And you know, he's like, he's really a robot under there. Could be. Could be. I ever thought about that. Hey, didn't they? I mean, didn't they? I've been a terminate Arnold. It didn't have that movie this year, uh, rise of the machines, you know? A good point. I think he might be it. Okay. How about a paypalay and us the levista. Wow. And we was going to sum the money, which I had what he has. What a penis. Let's see. Over the years, which celebrity you think has aged the best. This is, uh, you know, I'm sure they can add to this list. If they really put their thinking cap. You know, it's that guy. They cranked the call to calls back. He was sitting there like, uh, you know, in the middle of some kind of a circle jerk, right? And then he's waiting on hold in two stupid, even understand that we're listening in on whatever he was a yankin. And then like, oh, well, we don't care about Canada, but you're a seeer, you're whatever we're interrupting your busy day for you that you're listening to the show to call in bust my chops, my balls. Okay. You silly ass offload a moron. You, you, invacil who probably paid $5,000 to sit in the upper deck in the noise leaf. They got the Marlon's Cubs game on Friday. You idiot you. If you don't care about what I'm talking about, then ask the liveista baby. 21 till noon, we got the mad dog at two. We got the Humphorate Chulas at four. I said, hey, kid, like all last week off at a baseball, let's see, he's on to today tomorrow, Thursday, out at Calder with that Kaplan. So that's almost like a day off. He's going to be punched in his brains out. And then Friday again, a really brutal week. And the hop-rash will work like just about all week long. That was fun. It's definitely like a little play the out there with the IDK on Thursday. Nice going Hank. He's doing it. But wait, don't forget, let's get wild. The playoff pushes on and let's get wild the playoff runs on. They both suck. That's from the Susan Racin at the Marlon organization. Those are their cliches. They're just they suck Susan. I don't think a person unless you want to, but it's very lame, very weak. It doesn't say anything about the Marlon's there. By the way, the games are all sold out. Although, the next 10 colors, I think we got some free tickets for them. Don't we Scott? Sure, if you say so. 21 till. Probably Scott has already acquisition some of those from soft. Probably. You think? Got to fund my way through college. Anyway, let's see how a hot those tickets are going to be with us audience. Funny what I'll tell you in at 560 QAN. You a-am. Brudge Packam? This week on lifetime, television for women. Monday, it's the classic and brutally honest landmark film, My Breast. Tuesday, it's the award-winning documentary My Other Breast. Wednesday, it's the lifetime of original feature film The Breast I mentioned before. Thursday, see a repeat showing of Joanne Stark's feminine masterpiece both My Breasts. And Friday finishes off the week with the made for television movie My Vigina from a breast perspective. That's all week long on my phone. Television for women. Because even television for women is still programmed by a male. 144. 16-Hill Don My Psychic Powers are astonishing even me. I voted the a new pool came up on our thing. And I clicked on John Stamos and the moment I clicked it, guess who came on TV on the spot for 10-10 douchebags among those phone deals, Barbara Eden. Now John Stamos. That amazing? That is amazing. He looked pretty good. Oh, I see. He's really probably not going to get too many votes and he's not yet because he's not that old. How old would you see here? About 30 minutes. He's more like about 40. I'll write. 40 is not exactly old. Especially the old fart. I'm a geezerish. And then he read, Barbara Eden's got nine. So feel a red and four. John Stamos and Brad Pitt have three of peace. Well, we'll see. We'll see. We'll get some other names on there. I'm sure. I can't believe you forgot one. Yeah. Johnny Depp. Johnny Depp would be good. He still looks almost the name of the same. You're right. He is a good choice. Johnny Depp. See now the reason you notice that the two females we have on there, it's not who you have the hotstour. That's not the question. But that's what they'll vote anyway. Barbara Eden. It's still like to hop on her bones. It's like to open up that bottle of have her float out. Here's a call from Pittsburgh. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. They signed a goal. You appear finally that. Yeah, see that. They signed that kid. What else is name? God, forget. Van Larnon. Oh, I came up with it. He's a frog. He's some kind of a frog. By size of that last time. I wanted to ask you something. He said it was pretty good to me. He said about this whole thing with Arnold is to get rid of a cruise boost to Monte. So they can sue and run well. Well, first of all, cruise boost to Monte won't be gotten rid of. He's still a lieutenant governor. Yeah. And then rather than having money anyway, they're bankrupt. So what if he's soon? Did you ever see the way it was bankrupt? And Ron is not out of business, though. See, they're bankrupt. They're not out of business. They're the difference between declaring bankruptcy and going out of business. Yeah, but when you go bankrupt, all the stuff that owed people. No, it depends on the conditions of the bankruptcy. Depends on the bankruptcy agreement. OK, well, one thing I never understood was whenever, if let's say FT and L over charge everybody in Florida. Yeah. How would that hurt the state of Florida's budget? It would help us because they pay taxes on their income. So that actually would help the state of Florida. If FT and L over charge everybody in Florida. Right? I mean, think about it. I don't know what your budget is. Absolutely. It's got nothing to do with the budget. You haven't seen how to hire an inculp, man. He's stable now. Every time he starts talking, this game that was pretty depressing for him. He didn't say much. And then he just said, well, both of them are free. It's a good one. He's a good one. He's losing it. And have a great day, sir. Call from Pittsburgh. Anybody have any idea what you're going to say about it? Yeah. 560560. Oh, my pentac just cast his vote. Good old times. You got any chance? No. Weeks of this campaign. All the major Republicans in the state rallying around Arnold Schwarzenegger. And sending a not-so-sottle message saying the only- A Nazi-sottle message. Win is the night behind one candidate and all get behind Arnold Schwarzenegger. Let's get beyond Arnold. Is he qualified? By the way, 11 of the last 15 elections, Arnold didn't vote. And the last California and the federal election. 11 of the 15 didn't vote. So we know he was very politically astute. Very much involved in concern. Right. But Arnold's got a plan. He's going to clean up the mess in Sacramento, baby. He's going to do it. This today, this is what America has become. This is the epitome of it. I'll say it again. George, what was the guy from the actor 100 years ago? George Murphy. George Murphy. George Murphy. He became a US senator from California. He was a actor, but he was- he was a very distinguished guy. I mean, of course he was a Republican, because those guys all tend to be. But George Murphy, and then of course we had Ronald Reagan who was the head of the screen actors, and used to be a Democrat, but then became like Republican born again. Well, he made money. Right, money. And then you're part of he made some money. But the fact of the matter is that at least Reagan was polished. That means he had the Kiwi. He polished on his hair. He was, you know, he was very articulate. He was a smooth, as butter, you know. And then all of a sudden that we've gone, hey, why are I think it started with a sunny bono thing out there. And they can put it, Florida all the way. Which we do have many, many, many, many problems. A lot of big problems. Not curting man. The fact that I made it was California is where all of these showbiz people, all of us had become big celebrities. How about Shirley Temple Black? Remember that? Sure. She was a member of Congress. Shirley Temple's Black. And when he found that out. What have we changed our vote? Man. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I think I'm going to read this now. Okay. Seagile, the Bush Road Schwarzenegger Nazi Nexas and the destabilization of California. George W. Bush's grandfather helped finance the Nazi party. Carl Robs grandfather allegedly helped run the Nazi party and helped build the Burkano death camp. Arnold Schwarzenegger's Austrian father volunteered for the infamous Nazi essay and became a ranking officer. Together they destabilize California around the break of bringing in a new right. With a Schwarzenegger candidacy they've laid siege to America's largest state, lining it up for the 2004 election. The Bush family ties to the Nazi party are well-known. In their 1994 secret war against the Jews, Mark Aaron's and John Locke's used official U.S. documents to establish that George Herbert Walker, George W. Bush's maternal great grandfather, was one of Hitler's most important early backers he followed money to the rising on fascist through the Union Banking Corporation. In 1926 Walker, W. Bush's new son-in-law, Prescott Bush, father, president George Bush number one, grandfather, Bush number two, hired as Vice President of W.A. Herman and Company, Prescott became a senior partner when Herman merged with a British American investment company to become Brown Brothers Herman. In 1934, Prescott Bush joined the board of directors of Union Banking. The bank helped Hitler rise to power and also helped him wage war. As late as July 31, 1941, well after the Nazi invasion of Poland, the U.S. government froze $3 million in Union Banking assets linked to Prince Tyson. Pricom was noted in the American Preses a German industrialist and original backup aid off Hitler. Loth his rights the Tyson's American friends in New York were Prescott Bush and Herbert Walker, the father and father-in-law of a future president of the U.S. That would be the current president's father, George Herbert Walker, Bush also the former director of the CIA. On October 20, 1942, the U.S. government ordered the seizure of Nazi Germany's banking operations in New York City was one of the rest of Prescott Bush. The government seized control of Union Banking Corp. under the trading with the enemy act. The liquidation of the day reported 750 grand a piece for Prescott Bush and George Herbert Walker, the book, the splendid blonde-beast money-law and genocide, goes into exhausted to tail on Bush Herr Men Nazi money laundering. More recently, Michael Kranis covers the same Bush Nazi relationships in the rise of the Bush family dynasty published in the Boston Globe. Post his documents that Prescott Bush knowingly served as a money-longer for the Nazis. Remember that Union banks' books and accounts were frozen by the U.S. alien property custodian 1942 and not released back to the Bush family until 1951. Often ignored are the Bush family's post-World War II dealings with the former Nazis, John Foster Dulles would work with the Bush family in the Hermann Company and Laudbury money-pronazi Germany with what is now a secretary of state, his brother Alan Dulles became director of the CIA. As Martin Lee documents in the Beast Reo-Wakins, American intelligence recruited numerous top Nazis to spy on the Soviet-Stream Accord War, many established connections to the Bush family to help finance their original rise to power. In 1988, Project censored in its top-of-word no-to-how-many mass media ignored overlooking their undercovered at least 10 critical stories reported in America's alternative press that raised serious questions about the Republican candidate George Bush dating from his reported role as a CIA asset in 1963 to his presidential campaigns' connection with the network of anti-Semites would not see in fashion civilizations in 1988. Investigate a reporter West Boladis established ties between the Republican Party and former Axis Nazis and fascists. In 2001, the Columbus alive published a series of articles documenting further links between Bush's senior and the Reverend Summian Moon and his own fascist never since Japan and Korea. Carl Roe has parallel ties. The shadowy Roe serves as Bush's brain in the current White House. He is the political mastermind behind the California coup and is now in a headlines for outing Valerie Plane the CIA wife of Ambassador Joseph Wilson. A consummate strategist Roe may have outed Plane and Repentalliation for Wilson's faded a backup of the Bush claim that Saddam Hussein was buying nuclear weapons materials in Africa, according to some published reports as many as 70 CIA operatives have been put at risk by Roe's retaliatory strike. According to Wilson and retired U.S. Navy Lieutenant Commander Al Martin, Roe's grandfather was Carl Heinz Rover, the Galgala Tir of Oldenburg, whatever that is. Do we know what the Galatir is? No. Rover was right, stop the halter, Nazi-State Party chairman for his region, or I love those words. He was also a partner in senior engineer in the Rover suit, Deutsch, Ingenburl, engineering firm, which built the Burkano death camp at which tens of thousands of Jews, gypsies, dissonance and others were slaughtered on mass. Octuliba. Exactly. I like to leave her with bacon onions, please. Rover was the based in Utah, and associated with a Mormon church as widely viewed as the cheap engineer of the current Bush administration. He and Tom Delay are attempting to force the Texas legislature to redistrict its congressional delegations and adding seven sure seats to the Republican column. By controlling the state houses in the York Florida, Texas, and California, the GOP would have a lock on the four largest states in the Union, and thus the ability to manipulate both counts in strip-footed registration rules, and they're brought up to the 2004 election. Rover is a prime behind the scenes mover in the Schwarzenegger camp, on May 1, 1939, a year after the Nazis took control of Schwarzenegger's native Austria, his father Gustav voluntarily joined Hitler's infamamus SA, Groundshirt Stormtroopers. This was just six months after the Groundshirt's played a key role in the bloody Crystal Lock the Tax and German-Eas Jewish community. The Vienna-Dinni, the standard noted recently that Gustav, a high-ranking Nazi, brought up the bespectagled rather frail boy with an iron fist in quite a few slots in the face, Arnold's father favored a Hitler-style mustache in photos. On October 3, ABC Newsbrook the story of Schwarzenegger's 1977 interview, in which he was asked, whom he admired. Schwarzenegger replied, I admire a Hitler, for instance, because he came from being a little man with almost no formal education up to power. I admire him for being such a good public speaker, and for what he did with it. To cover himself Schwarzenegger's made substantial donations to the LA-based Weesendhal Center, which tracks down X-Nazis and also renounced Hitler. But he is not renounced his friendship with Austrian-Curt Waldheim, the one time ahead of the U.N. with well-known Nazi ties. The book Arnold and Otto unauthorized biography documents Arnold post-engved time, but participated in Nazi atrocities during WWII, and is winning the Maria Schreiber. My friends don't want me to mention Kurt's name because of all the recent Nazi stuff in the UN controversy Arnold said, but I love him and Maria does too, and so thank you, Kurt. On May 17, 2001, Schwarzenegger also met with Kenneth Kenny Boyle of On-Rider the Peninsula Hotel of Los Angeles. Through the utility deregulation plan signed at law by Pete Wilson, Schwarzenegger's chief adviser, California, was a destabilized bankrupting the state government, and opening the offer two days recall election, Leia has been judged as W. Bush's chief financial banker and a close associate of Carl Roves. According to Bob Woodward's Bush-it-war Bush attended the New York Yankees game soon after 9-11 World Trade Center disaster, which we all remember, he wore a Fireman's decket, as he threw out the first pitch the crowd roared, thousands of fans stuck out their arms with thumbs up. Carl Roves sitting in the box of Yankees under George Steinbrenner, likened the roar of the crowd to a Nazi rally. He would know. That's it, that's the article. Bob Petrakis and Harvey Losson from the Columbus Ohio Pre-Prin. It's interesting though, now, years ago when I talked about these right wing fashes and called the Nazis, oh, Neon, you go too far, you're so liberal, you're right. And now, everybody you're looking at is just a small goose step away. I will teach you why we like everything. Now that he is on it, just get here on the world. There's all we hear, yeah. Your tears hold you then, there'll be a big change. You gonna feel for it and you'll feel the pain, yeah. The loudseed plans to pass into the warmth of our view, I've blacked up a little again, yeah. Yeah, yeah. I feel it, you're loaded in a hill, you're cursed. You won't feel this for you, you're the worst, even kids will get them traded. The much faster than I'll be waiting until it's out of both for the least star. We've checked with the heavy and bars, I hope you're ready for a rubber nest once they're out here. I'm pretty sure the guy's question from Chris, but I thought about it for about 20 seconds during the break. Maybe a little longer than 20 seconds. I've heard, man. And the Senate California was buying energy from these companies, which was galging and ripping and that's been repping and pillaging. It reminds me of what's happened right here now in Ontario, even though the guy's money here about Canada. Very much like what happened when we had the big blackout. And right now they had to shut down one of the power and the nuclear power plants yesterday for like they're going to look it over and pee on it, whatever they're doing. And anyway, they shut it down, so they're having to import. They're having to buy a visual wanted just to make sure that we don't have any blackouts or brownouts. A bottle of them saying? Sure. So that cost them money, just like back during the big blackout for those 13, 14 hours, whatever was. And the same thing in California, they were we gouged and raped it into the pool of billions of dollars. Eight and a hundred percent increases in rates when the deregulation took place. Right. So we just mentioned that in passing to try to decinfuse our friend from Pittsburgh, who though it doesn't want to seem to be confused with the fact, so although he doesn't know a lot about my own coke, but he's been all should charge a whole lot of money. Right. He shredded the coke. What do you mean? I was about my own coke. Over the years, which celebrity do you think has aged the best? That's our pool. We don't have a lot of names all those facts you're from yesterday with so successful. And again, a good list. Which you agree? Excellent list. 57 votes so far. Barbara, 8 19. Sophia, Lorraine, 11, Raquel Welch. Eight, which I didn't know we'd put her on there. But she's a good choice. She looks so pretty good. John Stemo's six. Brad Pitt's six. Dick Clark for Johnny Deft 3. Here's a list. Morgan Fairchild. How about Morgan Freeman? I'm sorry. Disney, the same person as Denzel Washington. Morgan Fairchild is good. Katherine Zeta Jones is good. I'll know she married that idiot. That, he just, I don't like him. No, I don't like him. He's Michael Douglas. He's just too in love with himself. He used to be who was good on the streets of San Francisco. And then we're Carl Moldem, kind of thumbed as no Xanim. Hey, you're a good son of a bitch. Max machine, by the way, a fact that list. Who did what? I fact that list to Eric as well. Oh, Raquel Welch. Oh, that's right. He's on a car. Carol Alt. Yeah. Yeah. Carol Alt model. Oh, I have no idea who that is. Well, I mean, you know, us facts. Matthew Ireland. James Seymour. Oh, yeah. And Isabella, Rao Salini. So there you go. There's a seven from a good, the fact, sure. Yesterday, yesterday, yesterday, yesterday, and a good list today. And a good list today. They kind of brought in our list a little bit. You know, I have like just three, four names on it. I want you to, my brother come out there with just his, and his hand. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Those are how free Marlon playoff tickets are going to the Garley Scott. No, not at all. Here's Miami Beach, yellow. There they are. Yes, sir. A little no fact. There's a bill in the Senate that nobody's talked about that changed a law of who can run for president. They want to change it to even if you weren't born here as long as you were here from one of 20 years and became. You could become a, uh, uh, uh, a pre-corrun for president and become president. I can smell her right now, all right. And guess what, Arnold has been here for more than 20 years. Right. I would say bottom to the man though, we'll have terminate a president, and we've not terminate Routti have terminate everybody, alright. OK, thanks for the good news. For O.S. being in a president. Good actions for economic vitality and growth. 5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Fund. Nobody is which celebrity you think is age the best. I think that's a good pull question. Yeah. I like it. The audience don't like it too much, but that's okay because we, you know, care. They're obsessed with a playoff with a free Marlon tickets, Marlon's and a cubs. Don't forget we got the game for it and, of course, with a very, very, terminally boring day van boring and the outstanding Goose to Shambi. Who got to be doing a whole game? They want to be lucky. They just even let him in a ballpark when you come right down to it. 745 Marlon's on Drek and then 820 is the first pitch allegedly Marlon's at the Cubs at Rigley Field. But one that's going to be some gathering there. First time in 95 years in spite of the crap Scott was peddling instantly that they made it that they won a postseason series and now they're going to be championship finals for the first time since they had the wild card and all this other crap. Kind of your kind of torn, aren't you? No, Georgia's like kind of rooting for the Cubs because of our Chicago trip and a Harry carry experience in a deep douche pizza. It's conflict. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Good. Listen, how old is Frank Dreshnadeau? Wasn't she in 7? I see Frank Dreshnadeau? Oh, Frank Dreshnadeau, the nanny? Yeah. Frank Dreshnadeau? My bad. How did she? She wasn't she like in 7 or 9? But third man. No, she was not. She wasn't. No. I guess where she's like over 50, no? Saturday night fever, I think, was maybe 4 she was born. Are you serious? That was in the 70s. That was like what year was that? She was at the 70s. Five or six. Five? So why am I thinking she's in there? She might have been. She might have been. Well, I'll look. Look at up. But she's like almost 60s. She still looks hot. Strange pressure. Looks hot? Yeah. I totally crap, man. I know this tremendous ophthalmologist. They give you a hell of a discount. Hey. I was going to go on. She's up. No, she's up. No, she's up. No, she's up. No, she's up. Hey, listen to everybody. You know, we dog finds a bone. So, speak. Oh, put a muzzle on her. Wait a minute. What can I do? What will be my looking for? Say the night fever. Just a minute. Don't go play. Hidden run now. Care nearly. I'm anxious to get the colors off. In your case, I should be. But just hang on one second. So I can look it up. I am DB. That was your run. Saturday night fever. No, I'm not on anything. I'm on drugs. No, I'm on my book. Video hounds. Golden movie retriever. What? What do you know? Dog lover. Let's see. What? I know. It's hard to read off a book. Saturday night fever. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. Golden movie. golden movie. ihr sehr gute pm tip ihr. You know those ratings that you had This Summer Man. Killer ratings man. Yeah. Well what does that mean? We're the film. Expgerate rating you and have a good rating for This Summer. Brother George give him a little credited. on much of a summer give George a little bit of credit. Oh George was the reason behind it. There you go. Any chance you guys get the step on mode do it. Right. I got a pulse suggestion too. Go ahead Madonna. Madonna has aged well but you know something I tried to afford looking at her pushes much as I can but I'll put her down. Well these ages. She doesn't look like a 40 year old woman. No she looks about 60. It depends on what hole you're looking at exactly. Oh god. I can't handle the whole thing. Okay. Have a great day pal. That's what British said. I can't believe I ate the whole thing. Five six seven oh five sixty. What's thought was that? What commercial was that? That was before you were born. So I'll get a little little help. No. Was it trusting? Plot flop. Fizz. I can't believe I ate the whole thing. Yeah you're right. That was the time when that species spicy meatball spot was very big too but long long since past. See all you punks out there you missed all the good stuff that's the problem. It would be so bad except they're ain't that much good stuff now at least not in these categories. AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Madonna put around there just to uh you know just to make him happy. Sure. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. And how you doing? Pretty damn good. Love the show. Love the show. I have two names for your poll. Sean, Monterey and Cher. Yeah Cher looks like the same bad she always did you right? Yeah. And Cher and Connolly he can't be a bit busy about 90 now. I think he's turning the 100. He still looks the same. You're never changed. Never changed a bit. Paul and Paul. Yeah I'm also calling for those models. Take it. Okay hang on. Twelve in his past noon at five sixty WQM. Hey listen if your carpets are looking really schmutzie me. Maybe it looks like their age in fact. And then you are. Here's the answer. Call our good post personal friends and drive concepts. The number one carpet cleaning company not just in South Florida not just in the state of Florida but in the entire universe because of the only ones in the world who have the exclusive pet that method of dry cleaning your carpets which makes them look brand new smell lemony fresh and stay cleaner longer and last longer too. I've been using in my house for over 20 years and you ought to be doing the same and right now is a good time to call them because this moment, right concept is often you a chance to say 15% on your next carpet cleaning. Just call them toll free at 1 800 248 5 O 7 1 and ask to be put on their stand by list and then dry concepts will give you call next and they have an open mirror schedule. It's the same idea as when you fly stand by if you're available when they have an opening they'll not only do the job for you but not 15% off the regular already low price and please keep in mind no scams no reports they give you a written guaranteed price of front people they start to win their fantastic work. So call dry concepts today have your carpets looking in smell and just like brand new asking to put you understand by list and they have an opening for them the day that you call and they'll still give you a 15% off the price of that job do it today call toll free 1 800 248 5 O 7 1 that's 1 800 248 5 O 7 1 or check them out on the web at dryconcets.com. My life in local we're sports radio 562 a 2 a m. Well, well, well, well congratulations get a life we take you now behind the scenes of living it up with Ali and Jack talent bookers gives you button it call hits the phone to try and line up guests with a daily check fest. Alright this should be too hard looking guests were naturally tell a nice talk show. I'm not cry. Mr. Jack nickel city. Come on pick it up pick it up. Good morning Jack please. Who's calling please? It's gizzy button it goes with living it up with Ali and Jack. Please hold good morning Jack. How are you? It's gizzy button it goes with living it up with Ali and Jack. Gizzy button it goes. Yeah, we're here you're going to be in town next week and we love for you to do our show. Keep dreaming button it goes. Oh, I'll just put that on the call back list. Oh, yeah. Oh, this should be good. Arnold Schwarzenegger running for governor. Alright, let's see. Hi, this is a residential Schwarzenegger governor. Good morning, Arnie please. Who's calling please? It's gizzy button it goes with living it up with Ali and Jack. We hold. It's telling you down the phone the way you answer hello. Good morning Arnie it's gizzy button it goes. Gizzy button it goes what is that? But gizzy button it goes tell him. Come call it for Ali. Oh, no I'm called from New York City from the set of living it up with Ali and Jack. That's a terrible problem. Arnie I always love you. We're with so anyway we're here. You're going to be in the York City next week and we love you to do our show. That's a terrible problem. It's not done in California. If you were terrible and in California I would do it. But it's not. Great show. Oh, this would be amazing. Can shoot Ali. Come on make it up. Oh, I'm going to answer my phone. Hello. We're here. Hello. Hello. President Clinton. I'm watching that. Who's that? Gizzy button it goes with living it up with Ali and Jack. Oh, I'm not going to let you but Michael. How are you sir? I'm doing well if you didn't call. I'll be doing better. Oh sorry about that sir, but we love you for you to do our show. Oh no I couldn't go on that thing. It's a naturally televised talk fest with Gapford and Ali was worth. It's a negatively televised liponomy. Bye bye. Have you taken a look? This one is definitely yes. No doubt about it right here. Here we go. SpongeBob residence. This is Patrick speaking. Good morning Patrick. It's Gizzy button it goes with living it up with Ali and Jack and I speak to Mr. SquarePans please. Wow. Good morning Mr. Good morning Mr. SquarePans. It's Gizzy button it goes with Ali and Jack and we love for you to come to New York and do our show. Are you serious? How far on the list of you Gapton? I'm not fun. But you're a huge star and we get huge stars with living it up with Ali and Jack. Are you trying to talk like me? No. Your boy sounds like mine. No. Your show facts. We're notice how Jack Nicholson sounded so much like the dice man. I'm not until today I noticed that. Sounded just like him. Not anymore though. And CNN says this just in. This was about three minutes ago. This just in Arnold and Maria leave a polling place. Yeah. All that's the are man and Cleveland says no woman is a better than Kuchi Kuchi Susan Luchi. And put that bitch on there. Make a freaky Carlisarther to front desk. If he's not squeezing his Tammy Favec or blow up dolly, squeezing the Kuchi Kuchi Susan Luchi one. Sean and Hollywood says I don't know if 40 years old counts as aging. And what's not the age that the accounts see? It's just I don't think they get that part. It's relative. Right. But Denise Austin is still harder than Chinese arithmetic. And for a voice as well as looks for the fellows how about Justin Hayward of the Moody Blues or Roger Daltre Tina. Why can't we this Tina what Tina Harper? Turper don't know. Turner we that Tina Turner. Oh yeah, I guess that's what it says. The facts just got like a big black thing on them both sides. Tina Turner speaking of big and black. So this he would add on Roger Daltre. No, he's they never look good. No, no. When he was young. Justin Hayward the Moody Blues. I don't know. I mean, I know the Moody Blues. But I know from Justin Hayward. Do you and Susan Hayward? And Denise Austin let's put her on here along with Kuchi Kuchi. If Susan Luchi five sick. Well, I can't stand her. I can't show. I can't stand people who like that show. But other than that, Barbara Eden's got 24 and Raquel Wells sold Rocky's got 21. Sophia Lorenz 16. Why tell you she. Oh, man. She still looks the same. Right. I mean, obviously with a lot of makeup. I'd never less. That's always see John Stamels has got nine leading the guys. Dick Clark's got eight people are impressed by Dick. Brad Pitt and Trady deputy. To have seven. Friend, Richard the Nanny's got six. We love the Nanny. Morgan Furchell three Madonna three and everybody's just going on. There's we're building building an impressive list. Here's a fashion poor Alex. Always tries very hard, but generally like I don't want to say that his practices kind of fall flat. But sometimes they do. Well, he's got Sean Conner. We on top of his list and we already have that. But you know, when he sent this, we had the head of it. He's also got Harrison Ford. Okay. Tom Selleck. First of all, when's the last time we saw how many years since we seen Tom Selleck? I'm third man. Even Higgins don't over to hell to find his ass. All the well. I shouldn't say that. Even put him on if you want whatever you like. And Dolly Parton. What would you be more impressed by? See in the red sea parton or Dolly Parton? And there's gigantic humongous hooters and hers happen to be real. No, they're not. They're not? No. How do you know that? She had those before became fashionable to have phony boobs. Well, nevertheless, she had phony boobs first. She has fake boobs. Yes. Well, put her on. Dolly Parton. Just for the hell if it's somebody a hope for Dolly? 560 officials ward of absentee vote factor in me collection in California. About 3.2 million Californians have requested absentee ballots for days. We call election and election officials are going worried that counting this record number of absentee ballots could drag out the result of an already unwealed election just like Florida or never. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Make us feel a lot better. More than 2 million absentee ballots have a return to election officials by yesterday's state officials said, but so keep in mind that those two million they already voted before all those other crap happened over the weekend before they started with this crap. But about 1.2 million absentee and other ballots will not be counted till well after the election officials say yesterday these votes could decide a potentially close race, raising the Arland's specter of enlection with no clear winner for weeks. We like that. Of that total 800,000 absentee ballot and expected 400,000. I won't be counted until I did not because of anticipated will be included in the preliminary results from the county said Stephen Weir, the clerk recorder of controversy county in Northern California and treasure of a statewide association of county clerks and registrers if it's close it's bloody he said. How do you like that? He says he estimated 10 to 12 percent of votes they why would be counted after tonight. The next day were dead. People want to know what's left to be counted and the bottom line is we're talking about 1.2 million votes that are not cut on election night. Man. Enicles on a great length. Let's say I think we got it if we don't have it too bad. By the way what's his name is still live? You're not too happy about that. Damn it. 5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes I'm calling about the Martin's Yeah. Do you have tickets available? How many do you want? Friday or Saturday? Saturday would be that. Okay hang on. 5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. Yeah many more on the AT&T but we're bubbling again. Yeah I'm a book. Well that because I want to see how we can play with them. You know how long it'll go on for the I mean Jesus. That's sir. Are they nuts? Here's a call from the Keys. Oh. Oh. Yes sir. Well I mean that you've got a lot of fascinating topics. There was a correct. There was a guy who called in earlier thing about the the one of switch the both in the day people who are here 20 years or whatever. Yeah. First of all that such is that would be such a pain in the case of the docus number one that would be a cost tuition on that but you need you just ridiculous the amount of things they'd have to go through to get. Right. Number two. He's just getting a little paranoid that maybe Arnold could be the president terminator. No, Arnold could never be the culminator. Really? The other thing I wanted to talk to you about how I'm a very similar. I want to slow them. I want you to talk to me about Canada. It's only about Canada. I want to know but I'm the same horse. Remember looking at the exterminator of deer. It's beautiful. It's gorgeous. It's a lovely thing. Oh that's fantastic. Well in fact I'm watching a curly match on the ice right now right outside my window and have a great day. 26 past noon at 5.60 WQAM. Tension audio mortgage shoppers out there. The following message could save you a lot of cash tens of thousands of dollars. Interest rates for homelones are shooting up dramatically but they're still and by the way South Florida still looks like the same swamp. There's still an interest rate available for you at 1.95%. That's right from our friends at financial group column toll free. 1-800-940-L-E-N-D. It's truly a economy's changing. So if you've been thinking about refinancing your homer if you want to move up to a better real estate investment. Call a pysons if an actual group at 1-800-940-Lind and with low interest rate like 1.95% wait to do these low monthly payments. If you take out a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are a mirror. 368 bucks a bucks a month. If you take I said bucks 200 thousand dollar only 736 a month. Don't confuse me with Leon Harris. Call financial group right now get the low 1.95% interest rate you've been hoping and praying and wishing for call today because interest rates are climbing and you can still hop in on this bandwagon with that low 1.95% rate. Call 1-800-940-L-E-N-D. There were an equal housing letter. Credit restrictions apply rates up to the change monthly 5.19-APR. You're going back to Canada you too bastards. here kid. encounter. Mmm. cart re, No. No. No. Anyway, guess who I just put on our list. Who? I give up. To give up? Born March 14, 1957. You never went to the bottom of my look. I looked it up by scoured to find how old he was because I'm thinking of myself. He's never changed. So, 43, who's only 46? No, wait a minute. That's not right. 47. He's 56. Billy Crystal. Okay. You don't think? Yeah, whatever. He looks the same as he did like 30 years ago. Goopy. He's 56. He's pushing 60. He's probably older than a freaking friend, Russia. We could have probably could have looked that up to and see how old that bitch is. I'm in the in the in the. I'll look it up. Next break. 560560. Palm 560. Already a host for 20 as suicide video. Almost let that story go. We talked about it all last week. Let it go. A Chicago man says he has exclusive video of the much hyped Hell on Earth performance Saturday night and same previous very including crazy footage that purports the show was sickly looking man committing suicide through some sort of a sexiation. But Shane Buggby isn't necessarily buying that it's real. Hell on Earth front man Billy Tordelo about early in week to defy a hastily pass at ordinance by broadcasting over the internet to live suicide of a terminal fan in conjunction with his band's performance Saturday night. But the web host shut down the site before show time. The site was getting entirely too many hits and couldn't keep up with it said Sean Hughes a technical supporter worker for candid hosting in Tampa. The site was getting more than 800 hits a second he said and was long connection to 36 other websites that share the same equipment. 800 hits a second that's incredible as what he said. It's scary. It's a six society who wants to look at that stuff. Tordelo told the associated press that the concert held at another slow location in St. Petersburg went on his plan. Next for the suicide which he said would be held at a separate under-sflows location in St. Petersburg. I don't know if that was done tonight he said. What? Do you understand this? No. Uh-huh. Anyway, Buggby said he's got two videos. One of the he said he's been interviewing Tordelo the past few days. Pants to share what he's learned during his two-hour internet radio program at noon. Well this was yesterday. Yes to this we missed it. Buggby says he's got two videos. One of the bands perform it's another of something that looks crazy in a pierced his show of make-mitting suicide. But I know if I believe it Buggby said I want some more information until I see pull these taken a body out of a homicobie police girlfriend for I know what that is. You don't think the public got sucked in again to it. G. And we haven't had a lady call her on his show in how many days now. Buggby, turn man. Long time no see there's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes man. I want to act Lorenzo Lama. Who? Lorenzo Lama. Yes. He's raising a hog. He looks damn good to me. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks we'd art. Have a great day. Lorenzo Lama's looks damn good to me and spotted George's hatred. Yeah. He Lama's ass. I don't give a cram. I'm telling you right now he still looks pretty damn good. Not like he used to. What was that show he was on? Falcon crash. Yes. And that movie the snake wrestler he was always wrestling with the snake. Oh I must have missed some episodes of that. I'd you like to see him now. Snake. And then he's speaking of Peter North. Del I ever I don't know if I've avoided this. I tell everybody I can that I have somewhere in my position down there. I have an old Peter North movie when he was about 20. Yeah. And it was a gay, more in video where Peter North did I tell you this? Yes you have. Is a giving and taking. Back to him. I want to get like you know more graphic than that but he's like giving and taking. Like giving with one hand. Well, and we with the other way better to give than to receive right some people. 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Here's a call from Pompano. Hello. Hey, yeah sir. Ballary King. What about him? He only looks like about 150. I think I've got a question for you. About Canada. How come America's aren't moving up there if it's so good? Oh, it's not a trouble here man. You don't want to come here. It's not an engineering thing down here. It's awesome. Yeah, take a look at which Canadians come down or sir the old frogs. Okay, that he cramped old frogs waiting to die. The cheap old hippo frogs who they fit in like a rubber glove. Okay, take your Canadian hostility and stick it up your American ass. Okay, more on. 560, 750, 560 pound, 560. Who the hell's talking about Canada? This is like a new Daisy team we got going up. Who the hell's freaking talking about Canada? We're talking about the Marlins and the Cubs that they plan in Canada? Oh no. We're talking about the election in California. Is that being held in Canada? Oh no. He's against where the same two letters though. That must be it. Give me a C, give me a A. A. Here's Bokeh. Hello. Bokeh. Yes, sir. Regarding the poll. Yes. Ray and Dresher, she turned 46 last week. Oh, that's not old. Oh. She turned 46 and the movie was out in 77. That's like she was 20. I'm that next since. How about sir? Okay, thanks for the info. I guess that was it. We just like you. A statement of fact. She turned 46 last week. Yes, she's not an old bag. I'm like Billy Crystal, who's 56. Now he's starting to get like catching up to me. Now he's starting to get old and cranky. Looks the same. How do you care what you say? How about Bob Franken on CNN? Nobody knows who that is. But he's not there right now. He's like the same for a lot of years. I'm turning me. Always looks the same. He looked old when he was like 20. He looked like that. Old. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Raquel Welts, Robert E. Us, which liberty you think has aged the best. Raquel's got 30. How many she got? Bob Birdie man. Barbara Eden 25, Sophia Loren 24, Dick Clark 13, even though we hate Dick. Katherine's in a Jones 12. John Stamos 9, old blacky. Brad Pitt 7, Johnny Deft 7, the nanny's got six. And then it's a very small single. This is from there. It's building. We're working on it. What about Scott Mayo? One's the last time you saw him. Long time. He was married to that blood, nickelette Sheridan from not slanting. You just came to me. Oh, I know, was it? Yeah. I guess. Or is that somebody else I'm thinking of? I'm pretty sure he was not just somebody who could have me Ralph. Okay. It's always playing teenagers. He ended up like 80. Ralph Bob, well, we could put Robbie Benson on there too. But we were like, what he looks like anymore. Plus he had a heart attack on all kinds of problems. Plus he was doing. Oh, but Ralph Machio, did we see him anymore? Not lately. So why would we put him on? Or if we don't know what he looks like now, I mean, granted. And you know, days gone by, but keep him mighty. He was married when it was like 16 years older something like that. Did you know that? Yes. When he was like a little punk. And his message to you by the way is, come fool or something. It sounds similar to that. Who was the name of that old Chinese guy, Pat Marida? Oh, yeah, Pat Marida. Very good. And awful movies. They're good. They're terrible movies. They're awful Ralph Machio one. He's like a nerd. I've got probably pretty old by now. Bob, third man. Yeah, and still looks the same. 21 till 1 at 5, 60 WQA. And the mad dog is doing a show like right there in the studio. They would have no idea why. She would be doing it from her degree field at this radio station. And he brings it all. They had them right up there in Chicago, wouldn't they? No, you know why? Why is that? There's a garbage strike up there. Six days old. You are the most, there's just, there's something missing. You know, I'm talking to your brain. If they could just find, I learned something to the missing link is in your brain. There's just something, no, there's nothing ever good would do. It is always some negative, some sour, you know. I hate to even give you all those hockey tickets you're begging for because you'll have something negative to say about every game. Like the Panthers get their ass kicked in most of those games, if they probably will. But so it don't give me any negative term reports. And then, of course, the assholes that will be sitting around you, which I promise you that. I know that. Because I know who they are. I wonder if that guy's going to be sitting in front of me again with his poor little kid that has to put up with his behavior to hold game. Oh, God, Phil Salsman's buddies. Twenty two on, but nevertheless, you'll take the tickets any or like him Scott, okay? And like I said, mad dog should be doing show in Chicago, what do without the garbage? Hank said, chill us this afternoon, four to seven. We got the Marlon pre-game at 7, 7, 45 it's Marlon on deck, which I don't know what the difference really is. And then at 8, 21st game, Marlon's at the Cubs, the NCLS game number one, the first pitch. And the excitement, even I, I, that up here north of the border, we can feel it. We can smell it from really feel. I can feel those days at Murphy's bleachers. Remember those days? Oh, yeah, that they remember one of them. Sure, before Disney sent you back. Although I think Marvin got this sticker amount a long time. Yes, he does. And I, he's going to make it pictures in his eye with a goat. Hey, if you're looking to replace that terrible carpeting in your home, here's a great idea. Call our friends at Laminance Arras. They're the easy low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring, which looks great because so, damn much money. Laminance Arras is the best place for you to find Laminate wood flooring from Pirate or Pergo Wilson Argue Unifluir and Quixetiff. And all of Laminance Arras flooring is installed by Pergo certified installers too. Here's another good reason to call Laminance Arras. Their prices are so unbelievably. As the Brits like to say, so bloody low that'll probably floor you. No, it's how I'm stumbling around to get that. Right now, you can get their fall special. Now he said, says, it fall. You can get their fall special for just 1495 bucks. Just 1495 gets you up to 295 square feet of beautiful Laminate wood flooring is unbelievable and unbeatable. I guarantee you, and Laminance Arras to prove it, he will match any legitimate written offer. For a free and home estimate with no obligation call Laminance Arras toll free today, and 1, 877, 777, 73336, what could be simpler? To give you a free carpet disposal, free furniture moving, a 25 year warranty and years and years of beautiful, easy care, Laminate wood flooring. Call Laminance Arras today toll free, and 1, 877, 777, 73336. My life and low, this is for 3.056. You win in 2A. I'm here to talk about a problem that's been on the minds of women everywhere. Tired of that man's smell? You guys are driving a truck all day, and you want you to go down there where he has that man's smell. The Prince Mass of Belly understands, I'll take him by the of that man's smell, with new scent and flavor, straight wrap condoms. These one size fits all condoms, slip on with these, and using it in household clothes, on a steel and fresh, slip, slip, tighten in your mouth ladies, with such delightful flavors, as blue ball berry, tutti fluting, and penis collada. Hmm, Prince Mass of Belly, straight wrap condoms. Look what's today. Call 47 at 560WQM13-1. Yeah, I'll just talk about California, even though audience spot half of them said, who gives a Schmidt is basically what they said. And who the hell can blame him? Here's Pompino, hello. Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. Yeah, I've got two additions for your list, one male, one female. Yes? Female would be Kim Bachelinger, or basing her, whatever she pronounces her name as her. What, basing her, yeah? Whatever. And the guy would be Jeff Bridges. I met him a few months ago, and I thought it was mid-15s, and he looked like he's like 80. No, no, he looks quite good, really. Does he really? Yeah, I'm... Did you anything with him? No, I don't know. I just bought him, I mean, I don't know. I don't know. I just have to work, but that's about it. You know, one of those, you've got the resource that is in cat and the baby's bones, these girls are like in the early 30s. How many agents race? We haven't even eaten any of these. And these are since the 40 list. Did he start? No, he's not 40. He's not 40. At least. No, I'm sorry, you're not the niece. So I've been here for cat and baby, Jones. He's like in early 30s. There was a sort of thing about her. And that's a good point. What's all she doing on there? And if at least they're ready to be on this, I'm all kind of aging, is that. Does those are the same people that voted yesterday that would he get to be 25? You're old and you're not happy with your birthdays anymore. Exactly. And I don't know what's going on up at Eric Gittering, and so forth there. And I know it's going on in California, but I just hope they put this recall down, because I'm a feeling we're going to see a lot more of the surrounding consciousness. There's this happens there. So it's like, you know, if you don't like somebody, you know, even after a week, my brother lived in California. He was telling me that you can have a recall for the governor at any time, like even, let's say, two months down the road after the day. Recall is the older one. That's what they're talking about. They're saying that if more of these charges come through and investigate them, they turn out to be true, and he's committed all these crimes that the first thing that Democrats are going to do is start a week off, because it'll be easy for them to get the signatures on petition and I'll have another damn election. You know, the political system of this country is messed up enough, but this definitely rivals almost rivals if went on down here back in 2000. I think they got his beat. I think you just wait, like I said about the absentee balance. Just know. Oh, yeah, that's the truth. I mean, that's true. Everything here was taken from a found in. A people will willingly go in along with this process, which is, doesn't say much for the collective IQ of California. Well said, have a great day, pal. Let's get what's in him off at our Katherine Z. Jones plus he married Michael Douglas, so we don't like her anyway. That'll be like you like her, but that's for different reasons, because you want to hop on her, and you're never going to get to hop on her, and never going to touch her, so you might as well dislike her. Speaking of Leon Harrison Kirby, Puck in my favorite all-time memory of Tony Cigaretteau, was when as the own sportscaster on Channel 4, instead of saying, Mike Schmidt, he yelled out, well, Mike Schmidt without the M. See, I kiddo's not a bike to say, it turned Ralph's neck even redder, and he fell off his phone book, and we've reflipped his wig. How do you like that? I wish I had to see that. Sure. Maybe there's a tape. Silly asked Tony Cigaretteau. Now let's see, here's something for the asshole, I just called, US political climate has some heading north. Oh, yeah, for all you anti-Canadian's up there, that think everything is so wonderful in the USA. Think everything is good in the USA. For all these sherry economically and culturally, Canada and the US increasingly are at odds on basic social policies to the point that at least a few discontented Americans are planning to move north and try their neighbors way of life. A husband and wife and Minnesota, a college student in Georgia, a young executive in New York, each has distinct voters for packing up, but they agree the United States is growing too conservative and they can't offer them more inclusive, less selfish society. Absolutely correct. Amen. For me, it's a no-brainer said Molly Ingabrand, a Minneapolis puppet theor, Pennsylvania, Vancouver, BC with Laura has been in two year olds son. They probably would have come to Toronto, but there's too many Jews here. And you know those Swedes. The most amazing opportunity I can imagine, she said, live in a society where there are different priorities and caring for your fellow citizens. For decades, even while nurturing close ties with the US, Canadians often have chosen a different path establishing universal healthcare, mainly tending ties with Cuba, imposing tough, uncontrolled laws, two current Canadian initiatives to decriminalize marijuana legalized same-sex marriage have pleased many US liberals and earth conservatives. And it goes on a great length. Thank you so much for the article, okay? There's lots of people coming on up. Come on up, okay? It's several of you sourputs. Don't come here because they'll kick your ass out. People who are friendly, they're pleasant, they're happy, there's much stress free. But that's just the way it is. Oh, you can't see those things. We don't care. Well, I'm going to turn it off. Go listen to the rush, okay? Let the nothing I go. Pops and pills with the rush. Give me a song, then. It's about what I'm supposed to talk about. And the fact that you don't like it. See, there's something right there. It speaks for itself. It speaks for itself. Exploring misery. You ought to be pleased that I'm like 1200 miles away, so that you can export all your hysteria to hatred all the way up here. Probably like Salem all the way up to a Caloat and Lusja by the time a good stun. Right next to Messenheim. You're not too far. Right in your cap is casing. Who is cap is casing? Here's a call from plantation, which is right next to her. Hello. How could we forget Bob Walker? From the left eight. What is he 110 now? Yeah. He's not there. You're right. He's 100 years old. He's the looks and out of the over 70. You're right. He's still up in the can you can talk and function like the normal human being. He'll have a great day. Okay, too. No, he belongs on their Bob Barker show. No. I mean, he did the hearth thing, but he did that only because of the odd. I remember they showed a piece about that on E or one of those. Where he tried that. He asked the audience whether they liked the, you know, the white here, the older looking or the, the, the, died Ronald Reagan, the Kiwi shoe polish Bob Barker. And I said, oh, Bobby, this turn 110. We don't mind if you have white here. Are we still like you? Except for Diane Parkinson with her disease or whatever. And most of that her name, right? The one at Susan said he was pawned all over her and all out of the crappy. Said, said, spin this bitch. Bob Barker, nobody don't like Bob Barker. Especially the animals, love him. I wonder what he was thinking about that tiger. He was probably thinking the same thing about. As you're thinking, yeah, but exploiting was poor animals for the profit. What is it? It's one for them. The tires. It's a lot of tigers. Sure, that's one of their few victories in the year. I'll tell you that. Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, nearly through George Hamilton on there. It's getting still bright. Right. George Hamilton, you don't look at the over, uh, you're right. He looks to say he's been around around. I think he's 100, but he's still at 50. Yeah, right. Okay, he's on her, man. You think, uh, I could get my one tickets? Sure, hold on. I forgot to ask him how many you wanted. Just give her a hand. What? Just give him four. Okay, full. Give him what full, okay? I don't know if we want to give away any more than Marlon tickets. No, no, no, no, no. Come on. How about it, doesn't? No, no, no, no. Absolutely. Ha ha ha ha. Why I'm sure Mr. and his voice the last two morning. No, not. Although Geldey sounded, I don't know. Geldey sounded like his balls were in a ringer this more and more so then usual. I mean, that's not a bulletin, but he sounded like, uh, I don't know. They're a ringer. No, no, seriously, he says voice was really thin. Not just squeaky, which it always is, but very thin. Like, like maybe he was in healing helium. He was sucking helium. 560560. Oh, this story. Speaking of fags, storming the big easy. Game already grow, targeted by Christian, piqued on a mission from God. Oh, God. During the annual Mardi graph festival, the atmosphere in New Orleans is clearly anything goes. But. Another why wildly popular New Orleans celebration in the annual Southern Decadence Festival or game Mardi graph is making some people wonder what the city's anything goes out of to you. Just playing go away, Oive. The Reverend Grant storms. What a shock. The Reverend Grant storms, who calls himself a fundamentalist Christian, piqued on a mission from God, is that the forefront of the separate. Maybe he's on the same mission that, uh, gave that towel down loan to God from a raw God to rush. You think? The first is so desperate for an pills. Why didn't God deliver a package? Storms as he became interested in Southern Decadence in 2001 when a fellow preacher described Luke sexual accident at the festival. Some of which you probably was doing himself. The following year, Storms went to the festival with a video camera and taped men exposing themselves having oral sex in public. All right. And bar rooms showing homosexual pornography available from the streets with a doors open. Storms took his tape to police to meet in lawmakers including state representative Danny Martinier Republican who reacted by helping passability toughens the penalty for public sex. When you have anything goes mentality, you draw people into your city. Have the same mentality. Martinier said, remember Mr. Martinier and Kuhu's next should do? The only time we have to step in is when they go over the line. I think this is clearly over the line. Many in the gate can't even be say what storms captured on camera was an isolated incident and not the norm. It's a party we get drunk. We hit the bars. Hit the restaurants where costumes have a good time throw beads. That's what it's about. It's a votes at Rusty Leroux this year. Southern Decadent's grand marshal. But storms boy by the success of his video campaign. Since he's preparing to wage what he calls an even holier crusade. holier as in holy moly would not holy. Right. Or as Aaron and Harry would say. Oh, he's strong. Storms filled ABC news. He wants to end Southern Decadent's totally utterly and totally he said. We want them out of town. In a city where almost 40% of the population is a Roman Catholic. The arts dicey of New Orleans agreed with storms and as the officials to bands of the decadents. But the head of the mayor's task force. I'm Gamla's being issued says the city can't afford to ban it. They can't do it. Many of the hotels restaurants bars in the court make up for losses through the summer weekend. Just through the summer, just during the weekend of decadents that Randall Beach. Storms condemn the city officials. Their prostitutes. They're legalized prostitutes as he said. But the protest only fired up the opposition. The New Orleans numbers were 100,000 and clearly influences the city's economy and politics. I don't think they've got to write to have openly sex in the street at all. Plan on it said participants in Tim Holt. But I do have a right to be who I am in the street. He's stopping on my individual freedoms. God damn it. The Bruce Eddie thought storms is very homophobic. Storms said he's not anti gay per se. I'm anti decadents, anti-depravity. I'm anti-Sen he said. And I'm anti-neal. I've ever thought he asked if he thought homosexuality is a sin. Storms said. Yes, oh undoubtedly the Bible's very queer, a clear is what he said. When Storms fought over us in the revelators of Southern decadents, ultimately met the streets echoed out with chance of Jesus and opposing chance of haters, haters, haters, Jesus, Jesus. There you go. I think there's only one conclusion we make about that. No, Jay. Yeah. What a revelation if you've put in that expression. To find out that the Jay, we talking about the old Jesus himself. And speaking of people who don't look all that bad, why don't you hear the Jesus they picked it by the golem? He never looked that good in the first place, yeah? Even when he's like a little baby who's badly in need of a haircut. And he's a weird sports radio 5. 2 AM. Oh, this is odd. He's not a tomb. It's the one to two hour. Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Propaganda, Prop Madhurt, What? I said, If the people they cannot pay, let them die. You know, underlive, been curious about this, so I must ask you, how does your lovely wife Marie-Augha achieve that, why her anger looking at cheeks? We will all go up, and get out of your own chest, droppin' But, I said, I hold her down and force why a hanger in her mouth. She has just a woman, under Kennedy. It seems someone just threw an egg at you. I much prefer tomato. You might mention my name, the rice master Gary. One or two at five, 60, they just showed his push on here again, you know, the happiness, California thing, because the post was at 80 clock out there, 11 o'clock, our time. And, uh, I'm looking at him, okay, and I'm thinking of myself, besides the Augustepping and the fancies and all that, what he shares in common with El Presidente, is the fact that they both look like morons. Not only do they qualify, uh, a sort of viable, but they both look dumb. I mean, really, really, the dumb, right? Absolutely. Yeah. And what'd you say? Absolutely. Here's the call from Fort Myers, hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Listen, I got two things to say, one is Bonnie Wright. He's a him. And the other one has been vulnerable, so is then the other one is, and one can we recall, Jim. Okay. And have a great day. Who, who, who, I put in Bonnie Wright on there, who is up with the name. She was born now. No. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. He can't help but he was just like Fort Myers, who have been in places in one of these days that lay him out and then he'll let tell the truth, he'll tell her real story. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. I got one for your list. About Jane Fonda. Somebody just backs that. Somebody you must be psyching. Somebody just backs it in. It's an excellent choice. She has aging like fine wine. Even a lot of people hate her like Poison, but that's a prerogative. But she's still a pretty good for about 80. And she sure does. She'll get my vote. That's for sure. Okay. You got a man. One other question. Yeah. I haven't been following this election too much in California. Great. Is this now, is, is our win today? Does that mean he wins the governorship? Or he has the right to go against great Davis or are they actually voting that there's something on the balance? It says, we want a recall. I'm not sure. But it says, it's a two-part thing. The first part says should we recall a governor. If they vote no, if it no exceeds yes, in other words, if no gets like 50% plus one. Great. And they turn down to recall, then it doesn't make it a difference to one the other part. But if they vote yes to be call a governor by one voter more, then whoever has the most votes of the 135 candidates of whatever it is on there, which almost certainly will be on old will be the next governor. Okay. So, but great Davis is on there for the second part. No. Oh, he's not. No. Well, why would he be on the second part when he's already still the governor? In other words, it's a free order. I'll see what I'm saying. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I got it. Okay. Thank you. Have a great day. Thank you. The first part says that should we recall him and if they be call him, he's no longer the governor. So, you know, not going to put him on there. They discussed that in the beginning. They were talking about that. No. That they couldn't handle more than 135. No. Let's see. Here's a chronic facts. What about handaway Jane Fato? This is what you were just saying that hot old winch. I'd still give it a old manly aid the meat pipe. Wow. That comic pink obits. Sure. Who cares about the hot. When you're having a hot, uh, still, huh? Right. 560560 pound, 560 on the AT&T. I mean, if it's good enough for Jane's carval and Murray Magdalene or whatever he'll ever name is. What is your name? Michael. Like I said, Murray Magdalene. Over the years which celebrity do you think is AIDS the best and Raquel Wells 36. Sophia Loren 33. She's impeccable. Barbara Eden 29. Dick Clark 18. Speaker of Catherine's Eda Joseph that we're taking her off with her because she's just how old is she? I'm 30 man. I can't. That's crazy. Get her off. Well, okay. John Stamos 10. Brad Pitt 10. Friend, pressure the nanny's tied with Johnny Devin Sean Conorley. Ever seen the three of them together? Oh, oh, oh. Sean Conorley's tied with John but she's done too happy about that friend. Richard Bich Morgan Fierre child seven. Madonna Ford, Dolly Parton, foe Susan Kuchi, Kuchi. She's a luchi. She's got four Jane Seymour for Harrison Ford's four. Tina's turners got three and then after that it's, you know, small potatoes. By the way, curl. I don't have any. I still don't know who that is. You know who Ron Grishner was? Ron Grishner? Yeah. No. Hockey player for the Rangers? Never heard of him. He was married to Carol Wolpe. I never heard of Ron Grishner. Are you sure that's the right name because you generally butcher these names. I don't know. I know my Rangers hot. Ron Grishner? That's correct. You know, Grishner. You know, Grishner? You know, Grishner? You know, Grishner? You know, Grishner? You know, Grishner? You know, Grishner? You know, Grishner? That's correct. You know, Grishner? Cubs. Stanley Cubs and arrangers? That too. Denly Cubs. Here's a call from Miami. When is this? Uh, Neil, how are you doing? Pretty good. I got Gary Coleman. He's the look 13. You got what? Gary, what do you say? He's the look 13. Yeah. Gary Coleman, age very well. And that's, you know, how many votes he's going to get? 13. Okay. Thank you so much. That was pretty clever. 560 plus it sounded like he was on Uranus, like on another planet. Not mine. Well, that's because you're so far away, Neil. You know, none of us were pretty resentful of all that Canadian crap. We'll speak up the Canadian crap even spells better than some of your American crap. I was right right now like backbaking. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line A. Almost hockey season man, official the season starts on Wednesday, which has come our last time I checked. Now the panties don't play until when Thursday. Oh, we got the game against the Carolina Hurcones, but there's that a home game or a road game. Okay. Home game. It's a home game. Please. Please. Please. Take it. Oh, you could have the tickets, but I don't know how you're going to get him. George would have to facilitate that for you. I'll pimp it. Will you? I'll draw him a map. I'll leave that in your hands. Okay. I'm not going to get, I'm not going to be the pimped myself and getting about the go between. Because I have a feeling I know somebody who's not going to have any interest going to see the panties in a Carolina Hurcones. I could be wrong about that, but I don't think so. Maybe we got a check in with a racing channel and see if we have any races from Caldery to the Anthropocetime for the first, fast and firm conditions at the Big-end number. Oh, the mental lands. Let's go to the mental lands. Yeah. You want to be familiar with that? That's in Jersey. And either whip, right there in your backyard. You start with a very Webster stuff again, man. You're going to give it up. Right, right out to the board. Oh, I know he's Jackie Mo. Here's a call from Jackie Lee. I don't know him. Here's a call from Kendall. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah. I got to have the luck you. You got to have her lock clear? I mean, she's a... Give her up. Yeah, give her up, man. No, I got to. Joseph. Joseph. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Well, he might have some Marlon ticket, stamp it. 560560 pounds, five60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Can it only be 109? I'm... I mean, I realize 50% of the science don't care about the California thing. And you want to know why? Because they don't understand the significance of it. No, they don't. And... and we did the... who's the dumbest of the audience that he only 22 votes out of like well over a thousand like what we have like almost 1200? Only 22 votes for Arnold. They don't get it. And you want to know why? Because they've been terminated. Because they've been brainwashed by the fact that he's this big gigantic ridiculous movie star. And he'll realize that he's done it in God damn... And he's sold us then ragweed. Man. Shocking. I mean, it wasn't bad. See, this goes to show you. There was a... oh, never again. No matter what it is, the Holocaust, the fixed elections. Never again. We're not going to sit back and put up with it. And you're full of crap. They can keep rape in you man and you lie there like you're enjoying it. Like it feels good, right? That's a good move. You bet. Gang rape. But it doesn't fucking rape to the... That's the guy. And so they stole the election in Florida right there in broad daylight. Let us in. Let us in. And that's Supreme Court, of course, these Supreme's, one day in a raw-svoted, really kind of put me off. And they stole that and the whole presidency. And now they're going to do the same thing to subvert the will of the electorate because they couldn't win a big, great, Avison last time would build Simon and so now they took simple Simon. Build Simon couldn't do it so they got simple Simon, aka Arnold. One of the dumbest people on the face of the earth, one of the most dangerous people. Because he doesn't even make a pretence of having any ideas. He's just... like Edgar Bergen would probably put his hand over his shoulder and say, hey, would you like to be my puppet? That's all he is. And a publicist is better. Ah, that's way out there in California. We don't care about that. We want to be care about the marlins. Do you care about the marlins? No. You couldn't give a flying rat to ask about the marlins, okay? If they would have gone 71 and 91 and finished 20 games under 500, you wouldn't have had 15 people there last a month. All the games combined. So you can give me a big song to dance about how I don't have my thumb on it. I got my thumb on it right now as a matter of fact. I can feel it. No. The pulses south floor I'm talking about. Not the dancing. I have my underwear is on. No, I first have to find that. We don't have enough time left. Here's some rise, hello. Some rise. What is this? Speak to me. Oh. Yes sir. Back in 2002, the Tampa Bay Bucket Air is played in the open Raiders. Super Bowl. I'm real happy for them. Okay. The Tampa Bay Bucket Air is the biggest lead. One of the biggest leads in history. And we got beat by the girls team. Anyapolis last night. I woke up this morning. I look at looking at the scores. I think what I went to bed at score was 21, not in Tampa Bay. Is that right Scott? That is correct. And they blew the game in a loss to the Indianapolis. Was like a little girls team. Man. I gave up three touchdowns in seven minutes span. A ride. Brother. So I think all of us can put our hands together. Kiss the radio and say the same thing. The Tampa Bay. Right. Screw them. I realize we have a few people listen up there. We do like Bernstein, Cows and Donna Tellows. We like that. We got a lot of people like the 2D bars up there. The Amans, Weeness and all of that stuff. But generally speaking. The Tampa Bay. Good. buncha yahu's man and those pick and place. One of the worst Tampa and its environments. You know, Loots and Temple terrorists and all those other nos pickers. How come they got crystal and they got stake in shaking all of it. So and we got squad. They got sonic. They've even got sonic. And South Florida's got squad. That's because those are foods that you have to chew. You have to have teeth off for it. And other to be popular in South Florida. I have to be able to gum it because South Florida's geared to everybody. 90 plus like my mother. Why do I have anybody out there? Would like to sit with my mother. Maybe my mother would like to sit. No, there's another piece on Roy. There's extremely severe. And there's all that miraculous that he's alive at this time. Roy. Yeah. Especially after using that big black strap on. I'm going to take that tiger to visit him in his room. One third team. Maybe we can take old Norman Storm and Norman Cash to see him. Okay. Maybe like to see another living tiger. That's how many are again. I don't think Norman Cash has alive. Do need die? The Johnny Cash. No Johnny Cash. I think also Storm and Norman may have died. But about Rocky, Colovito and George Kelly. All of those glam. Dalamakras wants to ask you this question. If one of these furniture and vetting stores doubles the price and then cuts it in half. Is that any kind of a sale? No. Anybody knows that. It's a joke. Because nobody comes close to matching Dalamakras's every day low prices. Stringer than 65 days year. No phony sales. No BS. This everyday discount prices on the top brands in the world. All the mattresses you know and love them want to put your ass on. Seely, sir to temper pedic Simmons King Quill. Stearns and Foster Hewitt. All you do is make one easy call 1-800 mattress. No games when you do business with these folks. Just sit there on your ass and make that one call. No nonsense. No bait and swish. No house brands. No phony promises and best of all. They give you the best service going in the world. When you call Dalamakras at 1-800 mattress, you select a day in time for delivery. Any to our window. Any day the week, seven days from 8 a.m. till 10 p.m. and guess what? They'll actually show up on a 10-day well. There'll be sleep in like a baby the very first night. I've been put my fat ass on a Dalamakras for years. And I'm still alive and do it pretty damn good. You ought to be doing the same. With low prices, same day delivery free set up and move. It's easy to see while Dalamakras is ranked the best in the world by customer satisfaction. So please don't get sucked in by those mattress. Your arms are furniture stir-raising. Down in the same bar park. Not in the same league with Dalamakras. Call them today just that one easy phone call. And they'll be there knocking on you during no time at all. You'll be a happy camper. Say goodbye to your lumpy worn out old mattress and do yourself in your back a big favor. Call 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATT-R-ESR-I-LINE. It's mattress.com. This is for 20 advice and you. You weigh in. I am not a mattress. All right. There comes the politicians. No hair on the wheelbake guts. After the tournament's up, I can't keep his bars. And cows, the boy at the nose. He's creating quite a bite. Even though he's Latino, he's lowering which the non-al-dice. The stupid stupid electric can be done. The lipply weights. For your shoulders, all the issues in that California state. You're just bringing too much to space. Roll the dog on the ground. The boy at the nose, not my turn. You might think about how important the nose does not take. You can't do what I have so you're down. You're bouncing inside from there. Just look at the ground. The boy at the nose, not my turn. The boy at the nose, not my turn. The boy at the nose, not my turn. One-19 is five-60. Goldie Han and I say amen. Yes. Sure. She looks the same. Right. She looks pretty damn good. Now, who's she married to? I don't tell any Kurt Russell. Hey, I got one right. But time, how many years since I got one right? He's another man. No, you speak of it. What? He's another one. Kurt Russell? Yeah. Yeah, he still looks like crap. Yeah, put him on if you want. How about Jane Russell? She's still got the big bra. She's still got the big teeth. I'm sure she's dead though. She died or something. You think they put one of them big bras on when she died in the box? Maybe they just slid it into the side of the box. Just got a respect. Jane Russell. Right. She's still got the teeth. How did you get her? Now that he's 60, it says he's still logged lead according to Big Arnie. But if you think about it, you're right. Mick Jagger. Because he looks the same. He never looked any different. Just a new wrinkle to his appearance. But he's pretty much the same. Gross. Mick Jagger. Give it on there. Let's see. Rick and plantation. Thanks for the article. There ain't no way. I got time to read that right now. I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll. The Pentagon could inadvertently be providing terrorists with special equipment that would enable them to make biological weapons. Oh my God. According to a draft report from the GAO obtained by ABC News that the GAO. According to the report, which is due to be released today, will already was. And discussed in the hearing of the House Government or Formsup Committee on National Security, Congress order the GAO. It's investigative arm to set up a phony company to see how easy it would be to buy surplus lab equipment from the Pentagon. Using fake names GAO investigators went to a website that sells Pentagon surplus and ordered items needed to produce back to your logical weapons including evaporators, centrifuges, back to your logical incubators, and protective clothing. And it's report that GAO found that the Department of Defense is not attempted to determine who is buying excess biological equipment or how these items were being used even. This is a real danger. And it's something we've got to close the loophole that we've got to close right now. So Darrell Kimball executive director of the Arms Control Association, a nonprofit organization that advocates effective armed control policies. According to the study, there's no guarantee that some of the surplus material has not ready for them to be the hands of people who want to use it for a criminal or terrorist ends. The GAO also found that some buyers would recently purchased use equipment from the Pentagon. Then we sold it to countries where terrorist have operated such as Malaysia, the Philippines, and Egypt. The Department of Defense hasn't been paying attention to this back door. Oh, sorry. Blackgums are enormous. They domestic market that can allow it now to be a sold abroad, Kimball said. You ever have one of his panels? One of them Kimball's panels? No. And the Pentagon's been selling the equipment at bargain prices. Some equipment that the Pentagon paid $46,000 for was sold to investors for $4,100. That could be a real bargain for potential terrorists to say. The cheap virtually unregulated availability of low-cost biological laboratory equipment poses a risk to national security government, before some committee chairman, RESTO representative Chris Shays of Connecticut said Monday night that a part of the defense should not be discount shopping outlet for would be terrorists. How do you like that? A dollar dollar dollar. Here you go. Want some anthrax? No problem. Want some smallpox? There you go. A pox on them is what I say. Another disturbing aspect of the report was that the GAO was able to buy surplus items that according to Pentagon policy are not supposed to be sale for the public such as protective suits. Some of the suits that the GAO was able to buy were of a type that had been determined to be defective. And according to the report, some of these defective protective suits have been issued to local and state-flon force med agencies. That sounds reassuring. Jesus, Kate Christman. Wow. That's enough to piss off the pulpit. He was alert enough to understand what they were talking about. What I don't think he is. Pops aren't away out by the way. That's good. And I'll see. Here, Dancin, I'm poor. What's his name's Grave? Rrrr. I'll dance on the pubs Grave, too. Believe me. We could do it, do it. Because I can't imagine that they could get anybody more right, way more for our vision more in stone age than the end of the, in this Greek and old pollock. Oh, you never know. That's a nice, you know, you're right. You're right. Probably the greener guy would like a little mustache. Just remember he's the one that appointed most of these cardinals. Yeah. Stan, yousial. Post off the air for two weeks. That's a nice station suspends to for meco remarks. See, I would tell you what I wanted today's cardinals, but I'm not, who's to get a one of the actually batting title by a minute of a point that he'll always home around seeing he didn't know anything. Scott, uh? Nationally batting champion is your seamless cardinals that the Julio. Of course. Puholes. Oh, no, you couldn't say it. I don't blame you. Puh. TJOLS. What kind of a name is that? Speak. Pastewoods, Syrian criticism from parents and political officials. W.E.E.I. and Boston. Yous, they remember we talked about this, uh, I did a couple days ago. Yes. Suspended prominent radio host John Dennis and Jerry Callahan for two weeks, for comparing and escaped guerrilla to a metco student waiting for a bus. The suspension for an ounce on the same day, one of the station's advertisers, Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Massachusetts, an ounce of a pulled 27 grand an advertising from the station, and donate the money to metco the voluntary desegration program that places Boston children and suburban schools. The two weeks suspension significantly increased the previous punishments of those. Dennis had been given a two-day suspension and Callahan originally was not thought to be involved in a marked face, no punishment at all, but not no more. The radio station called the remarks in sensitive and inappropriate and sent the state of the host metco students and parents will begin to heal. I thought you only said that elected dog. Oh, they'll be in double. No, I didn't say guerrillas, I said dogs. The two unpaid suspensions take effect immediately if not sooner it says. Both Dennis and Callahan have offered their sincerest regrets for their marks of volunteered to work with metco officials and students to create a constructive positive bond between the station and metco school students and parents WEEE officials wrote. As the criticism mounted over the weekend, Blue Cross Blue Shield decided to stop supporting the station with advertising said Peter Mead, the help providers executive vice president. You ought to be thinking about that before you start getting Gary Sarner-Pris star again Mr. Hachat, Mr. Rahmatmaidim, money-man action right now. What is it for? Nothing. I see start up again Scott. No. No one yet. Is he starting up again Scott? Yes. Now Scott's got some hockey tickets. See how easy it is? Yes. Yeah. Because I noticed when he came into the first time he had like that little sign as the work for any kind of freebies, especially hockey tickets. And he's a big hockey fan. He's a big ranger guy. And when it was all a rangers, you know, his manima hold true. What did they get rid of him too? They screwed him up. They brought him up too long. Blackburn's real deal. They brought him up too soon. So he was like five years old. They made him know you're a goalie now. Victor, we're just gonna strap you in there. Let him shoot all the pucks at your head. Victor retired. Yeah, I know that. It was a little bury. What does that have to do with that? He does look pretty good though. I'll tell you that. I know I'm not thinking. Who's that Rick the other goalie that the bro ones have? Rick D. Pietro. Who's he playing for now? I would be leaders. I'll be leaders. I'll be leaders. I'll speak in my mind. The ocean goes out with Carol Alt now. Be very suspicious of hockey players and the women they date. Like Anna's Cornoholio. Okay. What do you try to say? Who supposedly was doing Sergey Fedorov's nose. And then she was supposedly doing Paville's buray. And who else was she? I mean everybody. And we can. Where are they all living today? And we can. Oh yeah, and we can. She was doing Greek with Enrique. Anybody believe that crap? And a Cornoholio? My dick. My gaydar goes off every time I see her picture. Man, all you guys. I know you. That's good. Because that's nothing is in our man. It's even better. Being thing is in. And guess what? You're never going to meet her. You're never going to touch her. You're never going to sniff it. I know. I'll tell you that you can meet Tom Lamin and Joe Prieto. They probably not as lovely. And I'm sure they don't have tree trunk legs. I met Tom. Do you know Tom Lamin? He was in the Popeye's box. The Mollon's game. Really? Hell the guy. Spoon very highly of you. I was suspicious. Tom Lamin loves me. They love this show. They love me. They might even like you. But I doubt it. Not that you met you. This is not to be confused. The Tom Lamin and the Harness d'Or driver from Pompano Park. Anyway, the 2003 New Rogers blowouts he'll continue to the Hall of Potty Act GMC. Go in there and talk to Tom. He'll tell you what an ugly abatude does. Here's the LDL number one. Witten free at Hall at right now. You can save yourself up to 7 grand with the highest rebates of the year. Plus get deep, deep down into your pantaloon. He's discounts at all remaining 2003 models including the Eucon and the Onvoy XL. The LDL number two gets yourselves 0% financing from the 5 long, amazing years. And listen this. And Hall at right this second. You can at least fully loaded 2004 Grand Prix GT for just 259 bucks a month for 36 months with 12,000 miles a year and you pay only 25 or a bucks out of pocket. It's almost like getting it for nothing. And of course Hall is also got a great selection of certified dependable pre-owned cars car's car's and SUVs. And as I tell you, air-free single day of my life Monday through Friday. If you've been turned down for credit before in your little bit nervous, a little shaky about going on a car dealership because you're pretty good like shake you down and check your credit out inside and out. Even if you know Scott Junior, credit is almost never a problem when you car shop or a truck shop or just shop shop at Hall at Pontiac. It's the 2003 blowout sale going on right now at Hall at Pontiac. GMC at 13411 South, Xie Highway where they're legendary on US one right across from the falls open every day, 7 days week. If you want more info on these spectacitor unbeatable amazing Neil Deals, just call the Neil Deal Hotline at 1 Tribal 8 534-4211. That's 1 Tribal 8 534-4211. Don't forget, all these Neil Deals submitted credit. A poval Sierra Group close personal friends in Hall at Fortittales. Hall at Pontiac GMC, even Scott Junior agrees they are professional grades. My and local, we're sports radio 560's UAM. Palm Baby, come play with these titties. Okay. I'm not too late to play with them. I thought what to think about myself more from it. I wish I could stop me. I also think about human waste. You know you're in places. And who? It's the stuff thing. I can't get through a mail. If all of us be dying at night. I'll tell you what I'm gonna do. I'm always been crazy on note that. Here at T and in South Korean spotting. Don't think about that. Here's one of the chronic fan. We've got a whole bunch of stuff. It's good that article. Thanks to Rick and Plantation. I'm gonna read that. That's one of the things I'm gonna read. That's one of the things I'm gonna read. I'm gonna read that. I'm gonna read that. I'm gonna read that. I'm gonna read that. Here's one of the chronic fan. We've got a whole bunch of stuff. So I've heard that article. Thanks to Rick and Plantation. I'm gonna read that. That's one of the best articles in history. Did you read it? I, I, I, cruise it. From the American soldier from, uh, uh, man, from Tim Predmore. Anyway, I'll get to that in a second. I'll list, I haven't read this yet. You're positioned on the National Do Not Caller's surprise is me. I'm gonna associate it with businesses in the past. I've seen the tents of people who are employed in the telemarketing business. They're usually the lowest of the low or typical profile. I might be a 400 pound man. As only Talities, he can still speak and push buttons. Many are old-hand. He kept an unemployable. Others are college-duty, and the state-hole moms. People with bad hygiene. Basically poor people just trying to get through life. I don't know how many people are employed this way, but I imagine must be in the tens of thousands probably more. There's a solution to dinner interruptions called an answering machine. Until we're main, uh, we move the beggars from the streets. Can we please leave the script of Porschlopper's alone? Quantic fan. The answer is, no. Leave me alone. Give me some peace and quiet. It's like the solicitors have come knock on on you door. Did your hovis witnesses? The Mormons, everybody else. Your home is your castle. They've been your phone as part of it. At the night. Schwartz. Alright, fellow Schwartz. Oh, here Jane Russell is still alive. We hit her with five shots and she's still alive. Just like, uh, down Koleone. Ready for that? She was born June 21, 1921, and Vimigimina Soda. So that makes her, uh, 80, uh, two. Right? Okay. 82. Well, that's not so old. How are you? First by Soda Stan. How are you, Hatter? Did he? I guess I was before he got that, uh, German fetish. Uh, he also had syphilis. I thought he had how about Jack Lensmith from Charlie's Angels. That's J.A.C.L. Y. and absolutely. I eat, right? Sure. I want to give you a kick. I'm going to look at both of those. How about Suzanne Summers that bitch? From three's company with her phone. He ripped off from Dr. Racken's dime. Sure, put her on there. She looks pretty good. A lot of makeup, a lot of work has been done on that bitch. PS, how beer from Kindle? But how beer? The only other how beer that I knew. I knew some all-pares named Havier was the guy. Kid from Godfather's Pizza a long, long time ago. Many years ago. About third man. Almost. Down here in Kindle on sunset. Boy, oh boy, was he something else? Man. Who was good, too? I would a much rather head him for lunch. PS at the Marlins, when a million more games, I still won't go to the stadiums. Havier from Kindle, at least who's honest. Okay, nice going, Havier. Don't be one of them phones. Anyway, listen to this carefully. Good. Thanks again. Reconfiled plantation. This is a Tim Predmore wrote this article. He's an unactive duty with the 100th Airborne Division here. Most of Iraq, a version of this essay appeared to the Peoria Illinois Star Journal. He says, for the last six months, I've participated in what I believe to be the greatest modern lie, Operation Iraqi Freedom. After the horrific events of 9, 11, 2000, runnin' with throughout the battle in Afghanistan, the groundwork was being laid for the invasion of Iraq. Shion always the term used to describe the display of power to the world. The world was to view up on the start of the Operation Iraqi Freedom. It was to be a dramatic show of strength and advanced technology from within the Arsills of the American and British militaries. As a soldier preparing to take part of the invasion of Iraq, the word shock and awe, rang deep within my psyche. Even as we prepared to depart, it seemed that these two great superpowers were about to break the very rules they demanded that others obey. Without the consent of the United Nations ignoring the pleas of their own citizens, the United States and Britain invaded Iraq. Shock and awe, yes the words correctly described the emotional impact I felt as we embarked on an act not just of justice but of hypocrisy. From the moment the first shot was fired in a so-called war of liberation and freedom, hypocrisy reigned. After the broadcasting recorded images of captured and dead U.S. soldiers over Arab TV. American and British leaders Vavra Venge, while verbally assaulting the networks for display and said vivid images. Yet within hours of the deaths of Saddam Hussein's two sons, the U.S. released horrific photographs of the two dead brothers for the world of view. Again a do as we say and how does we do scenario? We've been told that our purpose here as soldiers serving in Iraq is to help the people by providing them the necessary assistance militarily as well as the humanitarian efforts. Then tell me where the humanitarian humanity was and the recent stars and stripes account of two children taking to the U.S. military camp by their mothered in search of medical care. The children had been unknowingly playing with the explosive ordinance they found as a result was a very burned. The account tells how they after an hour long wait were denied care by two U.S. military doctors. A soldier described the incident as one of many atrocities he had witnessed on the part of the U.S. military. Thankfully I haven't been a personal witness to any of the atrocities unless of course you consider as I do this war to be the ultimate atrocity. So then what is our purpose here? Was this invasion because of weapons of mass destruction as we've often heard? If so were are they? Did we invade the disposal of a leader in his regime because they were closely associated with Osama bin Laden? If so, where's the proof? Or is that our encursions result of our own economic advantage? Iraq's rule can be refined at the lowest cost of any in the world coincidence? To me at least this looks like a modern day crusade not to free and oppressed people are rid of a demonic dictator, relentless and pursuit of conquest and domination, but a crusade to control another nation's natural resource. There is only one truth and its that Americans are dying. There are 10 to 14 attacks on our servicemen and women daily in Iraq and would appear that there is no end in sight. I was believed that a surfer of cost to uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States, and now I no longer believe that. I've lost my conviction as well as my determination, I can no longer justify my service for what I believe to be half truths and bold lies. With age comes wisdom and a 36 years old I'm no longer so blindly led as to believe without question. For my arrival at Fort Campbell, Kentucky last November, talk of deployment was heard and as the talk turned to actual preparation, my heart sank and my doubts grew, my doubts have never faded instead my resolve and commitment have. My time is almost done as well as that of many others with whom I serve, we all face death in Iraq without reason or justification. How many more must die? How many more tears must be shed before Americans awaken demand to return to the men and women who's job it is to protect them rather than their leaders interest. What a great article written by Tim Pheadmore. I'm written for his derby division. But see America can't be worried about that because today we're busy installing all one of the dumbest people in the history of show business as Governor of California. I mean, who doesn't have limited qualifications, I mean, who has no qualifications to be the governor of anything. He's not qualified to be the mayor of Canon Day, when New York. He's not qualified to be the dog catcher of Cassimmy Florida of anything. Arnold is going to be the Governor of California. Because generally speaking Americans are morons morons of salooning. Who haven't got a freaking clue of anything in the world, haven't got any idea where any of these places are in a map. And like he says, American kids are dying each and every day including female lifestyles. Anybody talking about it? No, because they just become immune to it. And just like the 50,000 kids they brought back after lies and put us into the in the Vietnam 50,000 kids in body bags. Oops. Oops. Mubat. Yeah. No, no, I'll be Jane ever even said his bad piece of crap. But the good news about LBJ is he's dead. That's her. He's rotting. The worms are having a good time with whatever's left and ain't much. 19, 0, 2, 5, 60 W. W. M. attention horse racing fans. Pompano park kicks off its 40th anniversary season. This Friday, October 10th. The track will feature top class nighttime horse racing in high stakes poker. New post time 705 came for the first race and the poker will be open from noon till midnight every live racing day of Pompano. Pompano park is also open seven days tonight and night to week featuring the best in harness, Thorabred and Highlight action from all across North America. Feed to watch and punch your guts on and don't forget. General parking at admission are always free at Pompano park. That's the most favorite this word in South Florida. Free. New this season is a 20% increase in persons. A nightly giveaway of a $400 betting voucher and a revamped free power play rewards program that gives you points for either betting the horses or playing poker that you can redeem for special gifts and betting vouchers. This opening night Friday October 10th. The first 500 fanzied 18 in older brigade. Free $2 pick for a wager special dollar night for beer. So this hot dogs and lots more. Plus it's family fun night Friday with free mini horse rides and face painting. A lot of radio broadcast and free drunks to get into a money machine with a thousand bucks inside or to win seascape dinners and cruise tickets. You can also root for the Marlins and watch against Friday and Saturday and any of over a thousand TV sets all over the track at Pompano park. Don't forget opening night this Friday October 10. Pplunge your guts out. Pompano park a block south Atlantic Boulevard on powerline road for more information for the new racing schedule of the simultaneous in schedule on web. Pompano park.com or call of at 954-972-2000. Pompano park.inity run whining back. Pompano park. At most, in the screen ... 7. to the man dog coming up into a clock he's got tons and tons of marlin tickets to give away today hang from shulaz at four and then we got all in marlin and cubba activity to ncls and cl however that goes seven four seven o'clock is the first prepy game the four play seven forty five marlin's on deck at eight twenty the first pitch and indicate to analyze after the game in second guess how whoever blew it he'll do it here's Miami hello yes sir good afternoon all it's the morning tiggas blues you how many you want two okay hang on here's the four-later day hello yes sir one for the list I don't know if you're over enough but I'm 65 she was a model she was a model or something her name was Cheryl Tigges you should see her today triple hot copy game triple hot he's right he came in with Larry King and Paul morning to the bottom buyer in the 60s oh wow can you believe this no came in Larry King was not 50 long we can't bear it yeah the longest 10 dollars right how can you check well that's inflation you know how that works and he's got it down triple hot okay thanks a lot balie take a bite Cheryl Tigges got it to the EGS triple hot shirt she's a quintuplet hot here's a call from David hello hello Neil yes how are you how about Heather lockler oh good one how old is she about there ninety no she's not thirty get out of here she's a good note there oh she's still looks pretty good you're right she's about as the same age as Catherine's at a Joan so she's not she's not a here you're crazy all right all the model tickets there Neil sure hang on see Heather lockler on one model please see the problem on the internet when you look through and you do a search yeah is that ninety percent of it what you get ninety five percent of it back it's crap no no it's not crap but they're trying to pet you products you're trying to study their movies or study your books about you know sure here's one that just is Heather lockler that's what I want in that's coverage no this is not what I want this is about uptown girls I don't want that get out of here piece of crap okay maybe I clicked the wrong one is oh no I see I see a bababa where where is one it just has Heather lockler I don't know the site the oh here it is the unofficial Heather lockler website I should make you me some info you think I want to info sorry but the page you're finding out that there are some getting a million pop up ads from this crap now Jesus I think I hit the mother load let's see Heather lockler she's older than you what are you talking about teller you here's one that they're probably your videos here's another one it's just is Heather lockler okay oh there she is well that's an old picture for crying out born okay how old do you say she is I don't know boy you're bad man she was born September 25 1961 and makes her 40 and 2 yeah okay 42 and you're saying she's not 30 man I'm a joke what mr. Taken it's serious well that's what I was trying to tell you you're sticking with you you're sticking with you you're sticking with you you're sticking you'd like to stick her yeah you're in tier she ain't she but a couple years older than Catherine if at all oh I see and now you're going to make me look that up and then we'll have to put that page back on there is that the whole point what is to make me look up Wilson good time all right I like that idea I don't want to let you look at about how I got to what he ain't doing anything oh what oh nothing here's a little thing I thought in Hollywood hello hey how you doing you I got a good one and I got some for you with the the big report is you got a motorcycle cop on tapestry hanging out under threat hunters uh nalin people just stepping out in front of cars for them oh yeah if you're speaking on your dead right uh the person for the list is uh Victoria principle that's a good one and uh and Jordan I got to say she just turned 28 you know Catherine's there was born in 69 so that makes her 34 see so she she didn't belong on there she not open up can I get the tickets you know you're hang on um what nothing that tickets they don't have any Marlon tickets what is mad dogs that all a tickets he'll be on a tour clock if you want tickets you're hang on don't have any tickets it's not a sports show okay I'm not one of them jocks nifers I don't want them people that wants a puddle Rodriguez is a puddle whatever it all he's peddling yeah I know he does that's your reason must go to the games he wants the sniff pudges a jox drag that's the sniff is pudge 152 maybe that's current some confusing what I'm not really sure which of them you know clearance that's into interior defecating hey if you guys out there if you got the I had that looks like what I just got to say and if you got a big bad ugly bald spot it makes you look old now some of us we are old so who the hell cares but if you guys are with the lawn look younger and better than you have in a long time maybe you're not getting too much action one of the reasons is you don't have no hair trust me what I tell you the Charles Alphay or natural hairline system is the best thing going I see all these fakeers come out they've got these mouthy look in pieces they've got these miracle pills that do nothing but make your wallet a lot lighter and then it got these holes in the head that make the blood rip all of your chin forget about it get the natural hairline system from truck Alphay or it's affordable and it's the best look in peace in the world because it looks real it looks like its real hair yours room out of your scalp as opposed to those barnyard animals do a kazaki on your head and you have nothing lose but your shiny bald spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee after 30 days if you don't love the way how many days but good man if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells if you're not getting action like round a clock that's with an L Charlie give you a full refund no questions asked and if you mention my name you get a $200 new arches discount too so like I said say goodbye to your bald spot and look better and younger than you ever dream they'll give your free consultation and show you just how great they can make you look the obligation call toll free today and get your hair back from chuck 1 800 321 2413 that's 1 800 321 2413 a log under their website it's Charles alphayerry.com the was done so I can tell now when the mortician lifted up my skirt he said I live alone well well he didn't do it I can tell now that I can tell now that I'm like a cow like a cow can't believe a language I hear home key ring every home of words and a melody it used to be with cable was a whole lot worse but now the networks let their edges curse there's a wind and sights of business and a key all the dialogue and things for failure to swear and like a sailor all the pre-day past words are whole on words that ask rackham fbom fbom call will it be before they drop the fbom of their birthday be fbom fbom there's no telling where now drop one on the you to you I just love that one fifty seven five sixty wqm on fifty eight look at that the way time is this line is to scape on us thanks by the way to our close personal friend of this fact is that stuff which you thanks to me thank you yes which we can't talk about appreciated we appreciate so much we've seen that before review just okay once in a while people have passed that stuff and and we can't talk about it because it's very confidential uh BBK to n mark with there's two more for your list got them okay over the years which celebrity do you think is a now let's get these phones all lit up for the mad dog because he's got well how does he got here it took it's not so many but a big game Saturday a Friday Saturday and Sunday at pb park if it's necessary to play that many oh now wait a minute is this is still a best of five or they play seven now seven right yes seven best of seven oh my god see I don't I'm paying attention no mow because I don't care about baseball I'll be paying attention this year you better uh get your life on it that's got life on it how many years which celebrity do you think is age the best rack-held well just pull them away from the pack she looks pretty damn good 52 so feel around 43 don't forget to remind me tomorrow small bills on a marnighter second week don't forget small bell yeah barber eaten 33 she looks damn good damn did Clark 24 all of it finally caught up to when we're played what's it in the new book by uh Michael Morgan I oh Christ no I'll find it Sean Connery 15 Goldie Han and John Stameless and Johnny Depp and Morgan Furchard have 12 apiece friend restaurant Brad Pitt the nanny and Brad each have 11 gene see more 18 as Turner's got seven madonna Kathy Irlandelli part and with seven uh Jacklyn Smith six Susan Kuchi Kuchi she's the luchy she got four she's crap shares got four Kim Basin Gris got four Harrison Ford's got four and after that it's teeny tiny tittars mad dog wild stuff coming up next including tons and tons of Marlin tickets uh maybe bye bye there was a lot of speculation right out of my ass