Morning, Neil. Steve is boring. Yeah, a lot of my colors this morning complaining if the dog is Little bitch in his tank has what the sports there is want to do if they want 83 and nothing Maybe say I cheated and look so good enough for a quarter. I had a guy say they don't have turkeys Be tired today because of the way they play in a second. I'm like shut up. How about those patriots? Yeah, so I was just a reason. Hey, I do that cover. I thought Philly'd win, but I had the patriots in the points and And just wanted time of money. I mean, I was in Vegas. I'm gonna hit 14 out of 20 baseball spreads And we bet the odds on the motor side and all the hamburgers on our station. They never ever lose if you I lost money I lost five and I'm both games, but I hit the dolphins half time And he always goes to Vegas and wins every trip. So what you doing to out of this weekend I have more fun than you. Not your goodness. I had more fun than you. No chance. I have more fun than you No, you could have more fun than me if you had frickin 50 core vats dude I'm so much faster than you. You'd be losing weight I'm only reason you can't lose weight quit and come on. I think I'm a real here by the way Is it 180? I hate facts on Scott good. You want to hear it? I already heard it I hope people said more of them. I love people than hate me. They're all bunch of places You got the one I don't like boxing. I don't like it No, Harry can blow me. How's that sound? No, Harry who does want to boys? I know Harry can lick my ass. That sound you said if he could play me like I asked and blow me Says nobody cares about Vegas I'm here. I saw four hundred people for my him and nobody cares about boxing He's set the 11 million paper view by nobody cares about the safety It's not great Scott. He says you're not great. I better than great. I'm fabulous. Harry's probably about 110 Harry can blow me after he licks my ass You understand this this Thursday is the big day. You don't understand that, don't you? What is Thursday? Thursday is the trend man. Come on to the summer book Uh-huh. Oh, the pressure is building the building Wow, you said that the last time and I blew up like a freaking hot air balloon Right, and that's what I'm telling you now Do you think I'm worried about that building? I'm worried about it. I want you to be word boy You're the most offensive best. I am a slut in five days. I drank six bottles of rum I got the ass of his hell a more food than you eat chirpies out there or something I did not get her these rejected some chicken He had sex with some horror with big boobs and when he was done he said his name was Rick Williams from Miami Actually had sex with something alive Any matter at the roulette wheel she said Anyone upstairs anyone upstairs and rub his fake five day You tattoo on a shoulder on her face so when she walked out of the elevator in the morning They go back home to her friends. She had a big star of David on her forehead Oh Speaking of oil and that other other party at roisters than ever the body taking have a great role Roar call a great day Neil. See you guys. I love you So far from constipation Met a musel can help Met a musel For those times when you want to push it push it real good That is a musel Oh, I'm a hero my teaching the monkey where all my kids down I'm a monkey your monkey. She's a monkey. He's a monkey where all my kids now Swinging free to free We scream as one can show No, I'm not that bad. That's why we're all I'm a hero my teaching the monkey is a monkey We don't know when it they were told because we don't know I hear we don't even wear clothes Me, you're crazy with our private function I'm a hero my teaching the monkey where all my kids down Oh, we're done well man. We're welcome. We just know to drop off Well, don't come friends. We'll be your laughing tune. We will be back Then we'll lay down, scratch our butts and watch you. I'll turn red I don't want to hear a monkey. She's a monkey. He's a monkey. We're all monkeys. Oh, people didn't want to be a dog that can't help or so are cow We're smelly and we like it and we've heard nothing you said We're 50 and fun so I will listen to your hand Oh I'm lucky a billion dollars and like to our broadcast originating from Orlando with you carry a host But the only problem in this story is it doesn't say when he shows you know You haven't heard about this? Can't let chimpanzee stars as Mr. Money bags and the WB's Pepsi play for a billion The live to our broadcast originates from Orlando with you carry as a host The game started with a thousand people the wall found spesally marked bottle caps WFlander were there were their pick numbers from Let's eat her six zero six times To 9999 as six nine's from that pool ten contestants will be chosen. It's a big luck out carry till nature on our son The ten finalists will compete in several survivor like stunts Some will be offered the chance to take whatever cash they win the preliminary heets and leave One will come out with a shot of the ten digit grand prize Someone is guaranteed a million bucks and has a one thousand one chance that they'd billion dollar haul in order to win the contestants have to pick the same six digit number that kind of the chimpanzee picks I'd be like that. So if you want the million Would you pass it up and go for the 1000 one chance at the billion? No, no, no 1000 one chance Thank you if you got the same mind as Kendall the champ or maybe precious on passions It doesn't say when the show is far away and all may already happen Good, I'll know lots of crap going on man some heavy heavy heavy Do these stuff including a very bad piece of news that we can't pass along yet actually we can't I just thought thanks to you. Oh, are you just fasted to me? Yeah, well, that just puts a cast of Paul over the entire program for show whatever this is Do you know that the jackbony TV program was called the jackbony program? No, I didn't well now you know it. See only old staunchy people absolutely even older and staunchier than yours truly call their show a program You know what I'm talking about no Okay, let's see. I'm looking at what is this Ireland vows to back church abuse proble F. And I see there I haven't even got my ass warm yet in the seat. Now. Ready. He's thanks to me church abuse crap We're letting us speak that he is. Okay, let me stick that way down here. We'll get to it go see the Michael and sisters You told me why another not retired priest faces molestation charges Is there any end to this? And what you're in right them in the rectum rate Meanwhile I keep reaching back here because you keep threatening that you have fast me that stuff and I don't want to talk about it until I see what it is Simple little message that just says that it's okay to talk about it. No all of the appropriate parties have been informed But we don't have any information is to the No no details the wise or the where for the house. No last night Bad news people are dropper like flies boys and girls. We got a local friend of ours So everybody are worked with them a whole bunch of times give you a clue party Don Cox Yes, terrible news Good guy, you know he had problems don't we all he had his problems during course of his career But how old have you been like mid 50s? I would say right that's what I'm guessing had a weight problem had a little bit of a Problemary none and but he's died, which just comes as a total shock to us down Cox What are the originals was it I? Ninety five but I was working on W. I. Z. He was on the FM which later became Zeta of course, but at that time was I Ninety five and he was a hoot and he had all kinds of stuff going on the time that he got kidnapped allegedly And then was fighting God the crap beat not them supposedly by the mob. I don't even know what that. I was all about other than later We determined it was a publicity stuff, but he was and then of course he was on the world famous Kendall Toyota show that in a commercial at awful awful awful Spro. But Mark Jacobsen that I was on that I got sucked into beat on many times so you could have that stupid car. Thank you I'm gonna amazing the sacrifices that I make for even for quizlings like George Mm-hmm. Oh, it was embarrassed. Oh, you know what this copy I got. I'm looking at what the first spot is here. It's not the right copy fat boy You're a top of crap man. You're a piece of turd You're a gigantic humongous turd that wouldn't even go down a bull even those total bulls aren't figured up to carry him What am I gonna do? I got that running twice today Very very sad how the QM sales department continues Molling ring just don't give a crap to send their everybody just give us the goddamn money. That's all we want your money I'm thinking of a new format that might work out the only problem is you and Scott would have to be really Right on top of that dumpo All right, just plainly audio from playboy TV. Yeah, okay This isn't too good to solve out the visual this is an S and M thing So we're just gonna get sound effects. Okay, I'll play along So you're not gonna get sound effects you'll get the dialogue when it's appropriate but they're gonna be a few A few choice words a few though You're more than the jury spring or shrieking Yeah, you picking choose this one's you want to bleep up when it does bleep it on. I what's always I just gonna say that was so important about all the copy So don't cost passes away. We said our condolences to his family and all the people that he worked with over the years It's amazing Shocking drop and like flies you got Johnny Cash and John Ritter and Don Cox it always comes in three's you know is that right? Always a trio of death because the Lord works in mysterious ways and it's all a big pile of crap So a draw by the can maybe enjoy every single net of every day because once they stick your action to ground I haven't found anyone yet who like wasn't See there you go It's like this is like Russian rule out when you put the audience in or from playboy TV You know I discovered that my favorite show which you heard me talk about a year or two ago because I saw it on the satellite in Amsterdam Was a sex court Okay, if you haven't seen that show I saw a piece of it. It's a playboy TV show. It's the best and they didn't have playboy TV over my dish But they were like took selected shows from it and they put it on like over the year Dutch channels over the year not even cable And it's so that's the best show in the history TV is sex court. Make no mistake about it 1013 at 560 WDQAM To general what to do with the spot because it's just it's not right. No it by heart No, but this isn't the right thing. This is bullcrant dial a mattress one of our favorites everybody's got a mattress and dial a mattress But the problem is this is about your kids going back to college. What is it this 15th of September? Well, maybe your kids just went back to college. Okay. How's that? Okay? Maybe the slaps were we're lucky it laid out on a big guy did maybe it's time for him to go to the mattresses with Clemenza All those fat guys can hang out together. You suck fat boy. Okay. You're not on top of it. You're not doing it baby. You suck you blow. You make me nauseous. Okay? Anyway, when you're colonel she says n91. I just noticed that on this one too. What's the day today? 913 15 If you want to get you a great night sleep. There's one smart way to do and that's call my good friends at dial a mattress. You can't beat him on price. You can't beat him on selection. They carry no seconds No crap only the top names in the business. They got surd a and seegley and whatever ones you love And as far as prices concert every day on beatable low prices not some phony bait and swish where you think you're getting one thing and they send you something else And as far as delivery is concerned how to help can you beat dial a mattress? They give you an option of choosing to tour our window any day seven days away from eight in the morning till 10 tonight And believe you me they'll be there on time when it's gonna be convenient for you when you're gonna be home with low prices same day delivery and free setup and move It's easy to see like dial a mattress is the smart way to get you a great night sleep for months and years to come I've been doing it for a long time George gets his mattress from dial a mattress even the lovely Miguel has been screwing his brains out of his lovely new wife on his dial a mattress Pick up the phone and call him right now toll free. They'll be not going on your dough in no time at all 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTR ES Be sure to mention that that boys a piece of crap when you call or check them on a web at macros dot com the smart the intelligence the easiest way to get you a great night On the short-synaka Before you get started what is that smell that's my new colon it smells like onion dip what is it that's onion dip colon that explains it I guess that's right next question, you know those all the speculation that you will all up please You know there was all that speculation that you weren't going to run I know I fool the whole world What changed your mind what mind what changed your decision to run for governor The decisions are easy to make when you are informed what does that mean? It's onion dip colon. No, I don't mean about the colon. I mean what does that statement mean? Right next question. What is when I go to sacramental I will pump up sacramental? Well, how exactly are you going to do that? I'm going to pump it up. How by pumping? But this is a government. This isn't a gym. No pumping speaking of pumping there've been some allegations that you have Oh, that's a straightforward way you tread small report to man. Well, there've been reports that you have straight in your Straight you straight. It's onion dip colon. It's very nice. Thank you. I'm going to pump up sacramental is the governor I would be the best governor of California since you would hom free. He would hom free was never the governor of California exactly It's onion dip colon Ten nineteen is five sixty wdcm twenty two thousand three hundred sixty bucks as of whenever that was as of two Friday right for our best Amel for abandoned per rescue next ban hit will be this Wednesday. I love you. I'm pretty important three yesterday George Miguel picked up eleven hundred eighty bucks on Friday and a ban hit next will be Wednesday location to be TBA to be announced Look at the birthdays today Dan marino migreen and Fat rich and happy birthday to all except migreen We don't like migreen too much on this you do. Oh, we know So who is that on a bat line was that somebody about time constantly chance that rich with the aburte update Ah Oh my god, we could have put him on a year to sing happy birthday to me. That would have been good. Okay, we got two polls today Or we're giving the result you had a good poll on Friday. It's about time. Well, thank you. I mean I thought was a good thing. I bet you got to make something of it. I see well, it's a good thing how about John Cox always done Cox. That was bad I mean the guy is I don't know we haven't seen him in a long time No, but no hard. He was about a pound ninety six and then he was on country kiss for about five or ten minutes And one thing about Cox is he used to call in the talk shows right Sometimes a little bit too late in the afternoon We know that he'd already been having a little party Yeah, a little party Yeah, you know But he was you know, he meant well, he I don't think there was an evil boom is body, you know? No, kind of hard to find him. I'm at all on that flat. Who was Thomas? I was a muffler's Thomas that he'd like ballooned up and he was in Georgia working Hmm, I'll be damned. Well, bad news Mike when you're not that long ago and Jerry wishner before that and now Don Cox Jerry Williams in between which of course Tom jick had to know about because he would know Jerry Williams from God damn Jovey and Jumama It's so sad that market. How come we have nobody there that knows anything about anything? We had a bunch on a heralds got the new look today. Still looks like a piece of crap to me God, what are what is ever going to happen anything going to change? Oh, same old crap So the reason I'm doing this pull is because you sent me that Harry from Kindle River to hell with South Miami ripping for Ellen ass So we'll find out we've taken this pull before when Mo was on before us So he sucked a big one like he always does What do you usually listen to before Neil show eight to ten a and this is pull number one pull number two We're gonna build and we don't have too much for it so far, which is good. We'll get to that What do you usually listen to before Neil show eight to ten a.m. Howard Stern Scott for Rale Ron and Paul NPR or music. Now the reason I put music on is because it covers pretty much anything else It could be music like on your CDs in a car or could be a music station which you're like while 100 or power 96 Or how 105 or audio on more radio romance yet a crap or party Yeah, it could be that All the way still think when the trend comes out you'll find that party radio is a way out That's my opinion. I'm like this The parties over hey Disney understand your real asshole. That's a rumor around the building so anyway That's the pull so far Howard's did I leave anything out of note? Not of note. I mean we could put like Haitian melodies, but that's still music. You know music is a catch all there for a because I don't want to put like a zillion different shows Because I think most of you waste a time anyway. Okay, here's George's pull results from Friday Here's what Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, did you know that the Bob Center from the B.I.U. radio news director nod to who did Bob Sandler W. I.O.D. radio news editor To invade sentient are you serious? I'm serious. I'm talking to you. Why do you drop in like flies aren't they? Thanks for the bad news. Okay, do you know that? No, I know I do that was but I'm still as one of our colleagues like our colleague Adam Kirchner and our colleague Brian Andrews Remember that? I'm sure you do I colleague Adam Kirchner Brian you're such a little fruit. I am and Adam still ain't interested. Okay, sweetheart. And I'm still don't want to look at it He don't want to show you his he don't want to see yours. It anyway 14 every 90 votes not too bad Which famous John Death bummed you at the most? Of course this is right on heels. Yeah, I was so choked up about him in Johnny Cash and John riddle on the same day I've been working on Friday. It was a two-armed band day. I was just choked. I was choking him John Lennon for 120 to now see this again is a this is a generational thing sure Isn't it absolutely because JFK was assassinated the member twenty two nineteen sixty three So that's 40 years ago then they're closer getting close to that anniversary and of course when it gets to be an even number like that You know this year that make a big semis of them because it's 40 Right, right like in 1993 they make it a big semis because it was not a man. Yeah, and it'll be 40 this time John Lennon 422 what year was John Lennon and shot? Scott those leave it was 1980 I know I leave pretty close. I don't believe in ankl caraphe's close. I don't believe anything. He says no matter what you say You're always wrong see there's something to be sent for that I don't believe what I said I think it'd be great if we just have the music to play for TV The music of your life. Yeah Yeah, but you know that when we're not paying too much attention somebody's gonna say Yeah, you know what I know when they love you into a false sense of security Well, look at this as old darkmeat on there getting close to Thanksgiving time John Lennon 422 JFK senior 254. That was my vote I cried that day when the president Kennedy got assassinated Yeah, you're not impressed No, it was a tragedy. I'm trying to think if I cried when anybody else got killed I don't think so or died. Did you cry when John Ritter died? No, how much on candy? No How about No, Frank Sinatra my two fat friends I cried when they died. I see my humble my two dogs John Voluci 194. I was sad too much show too much posted too much drugs mostly the drugs The fat people are the good people and the good people are the dead people. Is that how it went? Some of John candy speaking of that John candy 150 too much candy John. He was great We love John candy. He's long since dead John Ritter 123 and that of course is a timing thing Fresh in your memory JFK junior 73 which we I'm revolted and nauseated by that There's no reason in the world anybody should be broken up about that John Wayne 60 Johnny cash 46 he's not walking the line no more In fact we wanted to fight out to it from John But he was in heaven or hell he said he's in purgatory because he's blocking that line John Wayne Casey 36. I what is that all about there funny John Bonham 35 John homes 29 score short John Denver 23 John and whistle 22 who John will spoof 10 John a United's Johnny you old number 19 had nine votes Johnny Rockefeller 2 and John Tyler typically can do in Tyler 2 had one just a little humorous vote there, right? Just waiting good shot up shot out now You know who who he inherited the presidency from no who died William Henry Harrison okay our ninth president he was he took his inauguration speech in a rain He's a good guy to know ammonia slept through his own and he was president for just a few days And he croaked in a John Tyler inherited but the campaign slogan William Henry Harrison was the known as typically canoe typically canoe and Tyler 2 and that great and you impressed I hold the right earphone to you 10 27 at five 60 WQM if you're looking for a great place to eat breakfast lunch or dinner I want to tell you by vikker's from my hometown Rochester near I could throw a brick from here across Lake Ontario right to Rochester vikker's has been around since 1934 one of my old stopping grounds back in Rochester vikker's is located on federal highway just off the barb over to the tunnel on the east side vikker's is like a flashback in time to what restaurants used to be before fast food joints So go and enjoy a burger a hot dog served hot fresh and fast vikker's is brought to for a lot of day by the same guys feeding a tea burger cheese burger vikker's uses the same fresh hot or percent ground chocolate as tea burger cheese burger and offers an incredible quarter pound hot dog Nothing like a big wini what makes vikker's different from anybody else in town their burgers and dogs are served with vicks signature meat sauce poured on top giving you a combination of flavors available no place else in town If you're looking for something else to try vikker's there are lots of other great dishes including a great great breakfast menu Omelette's cooked the order of French toast pancakes all your favorite side dishes to so check out vikkerners and see what all the talk is all about vikker's located on federal highway just out the barb full of under the tunnel on the east side You don't have to be from Rochester to love vikkerners and please be sure to tell them that old neo Rogers sent you by a from okay terrorists, okay? okay This is for 20 places You am Share about this life it off a federal buckets Oh love And if you're not, you don't matter, just say that you're born Yeah, I'm on it, what you see is that it's not there Me, your picture take it with some really boy, like a ball But when I went away, you can fuck, I got your mirrors clear as the answer Oh, oh, oh, be up that ain't dance, oh, I lay this door He's walking up the ground, being a practice, a pressure Oh, oh, oh, be up that ain't dance, oh, I lay this door No way, it's just me, yeah That's what they say, oh, be up that ain't dance, oh, I lay this door Yeah, I like to make lots of money, that's because you're Or can't be in hell, you're a sex show, be a thinker better It's bigger, boy, it's a good one It's more than a cycle, I should do the slow Don't know why you're my Harley, cannot tell people you know Like I'm show, be my show, no matter, oh Do I definitely want the creativity and the skill? Oh, oh, I don't deal with that ain't dance, oh, oh, oh I don't know, but I guess this hour is a good hour to have play What a TV on the audio, why not? Well, because it's a visual thing, they just had the music in the back So we don't have to wear a lot of bleep in the words Twenty seven votes on a poll, just one up on there On our first poll You usually listen to before Neil show eight to ten in a.m Scott for Rouse got ten, how do you like that? Harry in South Miami, Harry from hunger, whoever it is R, Scott for Rouse got ten, they love him, they want his ass Music seven, NPR six, Howard Spurms only got four, now that's A departure right, right from what used to be when we used to have the moment on That's a looting, oh, no horrible awful days And they're running Paul so far a big None, none, wait till they can't leave you like limp No, that's amazing, Ron and Paul got the big big old baby shot out When and that they got shot out, anyway, here's the fact that so bizarre They don't listen, you know, no, it's that they're like in denial It says in early August, I flew to Atlanta, I had to wait there for some other Relatives, I was then air at air-tram baggage claim and I saw a depressed Frontier looking feeble and sad sack guy, waiting there on a bench I sat next to the guy because I thought he looked familiar It was effing Don Cox with a power 96 T-shirt on, I think he lives in Atlanta now Well, I realized people talk in a presence about people who died He doesn't live in Atlanta, he just died like over the weekend, okay? Like I guess yesterday or this morning? Right, I thought he lives in Atlanta now even though he died So I guess he was a frontier in the old looking According to this guy, let's kind of cool, you know, the guy just died and I'll read the taken shots That's the South Florida, I think that's exactly what you'd expect isn't it? In South Florida? Guys just died I mean, he was well known, he was on a radio, I'm not saying he was like legendary Or something like that, although I guess in his time, maybe, huh? Sure, sunny fox, Don Cox, Greg Vidal, Jerry Williams, Alice Randtel Mr. Ego, Meg Green, right? Don Webb? What a wicked web we weave when we choose to be seen, that's why I told George Capre Let's time when he said he was, he was straight, but he wanted to do a gay entertainment show Huh? He was straight, sure he was He was, he was straight, but he wanted to do a gay show Anyway, here's the next poll we're going to be doing around probably a few minutes after 11 About 30 minutes He changed the poll on 1130 Or noon, I don't know how we feel like it because basically it's my show, we'll do it how we want Who's the coolest of them all? See, everybody uses that term cool and in regard to people, it's there at that many cool people anymore That's part of the problem Huh? I mean, like Baba, we used to have a present who a lot of us thought was pretty cool Yeah, he was cool He was cool Cool Which, wow, so here's the question, which well known person best defines the word cool And so far, between George and yours truly, we only came up with two names I did, I did a question, which I thought was a pretty good question is usual With no names on it Because I couldn't think of anybody It took me a long time to George, he put his thinking cap on His helmet cam on, which he's using right now on Playboy TV The helmet cam Johnny Dep He's cool In fact, Johnny Dep is not his hot and he's cool Based on that necklace episode That he popped out of his That's the coolest thing I ever heard of But it is Johnny Dep and I came up with Jack Nicholson I don't think anybody doesn't take the Jack Nicholson's cool Right? Right? So I think there's two good choices there, but we're going to have to have a lot of help from the audience to build that pull And we got plenty of time because we'll get to that later But in that feral, there's pull on away from the pack He's got 22 votes, got for a round baby Wait till that trend comes out on Thursday, man, you're going to see some We're going to have a trend on predicting right now I don't want to get muff and clearance all whipped up to a frenzy Terras might reach down and grab it briefly Grab it, grab it, grab for it Where it's supposed to be Grab that strap on his gun Roy! But I think Thursday you're going to see an astonishing trend I couldn't be wrong because of course it all depends on the fall out of the diaries and all the, you know All that stuff I think you're going to be amazed Now why you have Delray Beach on 9 Scott because you know Delray Beach, hello Hey Neil I'm sorry One more for that pull And the morning is Bob and Bob stuff Bob and Thomas, excellent, good choice, man, you got good taste Thank you very much, I'm glad you have a great day I told you it was a real coffee from Delray Beach Well it's only Monday, my second powers don't get tuned up to like Thursday Friday Later in the week You know what's he, we ever look up on John Lennon died? Yeah, 1880 December, I was right Oh, that's here, what was that? It was the show if you're showing up crap up any years sooner or later So it'll come down and hit something, right in the end Thank you very little Thank you, everyone What? What was that? He's up to one That's not too bad out of about about 30 minutes Thousand Suspect and William sister killing caught now I'm just like everybody else when I saw the blurb on TV over the weekend While I was watching the Patriots kicked the Philadelphia's ass The Eagles I see the blurb on it, I couldn't have been on there They don't put that on when there's a ball game on it Sankro saying that's sacralages I must have been flipping over to a new channel I saw the crawl about one of the William sisters got shot And I thought was it serena Williams was it penis or serena? None of the above So obviously it's small potatoes A 24 year old man was arrested in the investigation of the shooting that killed the oldest sister Of tennis star penis and serena Williams the LA County Sheriff Department now to early the day The suspect was identified as Aaron Michael Hammer of Continental, California Hey, Hamla I love that fish, right? It calls Hank Hey, Hamla I love that guy Anyway, this guy I was dealing with our bail said sheriff's deputy Rochard Pinga, opinion The deputy didn't say what led to Hammers the rest of when he was taken into custody Yet, Tundee price, now what kind of an Amy that? DTundee? No, why E.T. you and D.E. that was your name Yet, Tundee price was shot in the chest early yesterday by a bottom off in the tennis courts Or her sister's first roast of prominence in the LA server of Compton It's long been notorious for gang activity in violence Price have been sitting with a man in the SUV Shortly after midnight when somehow they become involved in a confrontation with local residents Pinga, opinion you said The man with price was not heard to over to a relative's house in Long Beach from which he called 9-11 Price 31 was taken to Longmore Beach Memorial Medical Center where she died There's another dead while she was in the celebrity but like kin closed Sure, see what I'm saying? Close Early Monday, I thirties identified the man with price as role in warmly 28 He was jailed after thirties discovered he was on parole Which they said he violated by being at the scene of the shooting wasn't disclosed We use on parole for today. Go another one of these very suspicious Marginal gang related, you know what I'm saying? A dark episode again 10-41-19-11 at 5.60 QAM My and local, we're sports radio 5.60 QAM I'm Mark Morgan now here's Neil Rogers on 5.60 QAM A number of celebrities have recently passed away Among them Brian Keep, Jimmy Stewart, Robert Mitcham and Jop Kusto Listen now as they join Charles Corralts for the end of the road All those assures of life, heaven and hair, maybe or early five Hey Jimmy, how is your funeral service? Yeah, was just a wonderful way. Now how about your bride? Very small. We kept it to a family affair This plane going from here to a virginity Hey, I'll come your own wed jack That is not shock He does not gag Jog, jerk, whatever we going from here to a virginity Brian, live in Ashfield, why are you jerking? Where's that little tramp-sassy did you ever bother her? I don't want to know about this, I don't know about the misdefinition I understand that he is a man's man, no, no, no, no, no Say, I want to be for real, get to return it for a week, very it 1046 at 5.60 WQM 106 votes on the first pool here Like I said, 108 What are you usually listen to before Neil's show 8 to 10 AM? Scott for around 45 NPR 22 Howard sperm 21 How are you moving up a little bit? But he's nowhere near Scott Music 17 Ron and Paul got a pair I guess I got hope Fake is what I heard And Bob and Tom have one probably got a call Bob and Tom are great by the way But they're just not really going to market No, this fact is very amusing to me In fact, I find this hysterically funny The one that you just sent me here that says Don't be modest, Neil, the coolest Neil God Rogers So I'll put that on there is kind of like a joke How about his coolest and elephant's fart? You'll win Yeah, right I'm telling you And I'm putting George on there too And I'll stop for real Why would you do that? Why not? Quiet if I can be on there a Stagey old man like me and old queen like me Then you should be on there Alright I didn't see you're going to get any votes But I put you on there And then Scott for real Scott's cool Right? How could we let him on? What? But me? Oh my that that would be like seeing Neil is hip, you know? I may have a little hip problem now And a little hip pointer God But we'll put it on there just to keep these people used Here's a call from Halea, hello Hello, Neil Yes? I'd like to know what kind of man is hand-gober again too I beg your pardon? He's here and go Whoever's responsible for WQM's internet audio feature Be drawn in quarters in a public forum Says this fact that you sent me on Friday It's not air-assault because I'm trying to Excess the audio directly from QAM And can't listen to 90 seconds without the audio Cutting out for about two or three minutes Then it's back to the show for approximately Other 90 seconds then nothing Then back and over and over It's said we're all day long whether it's for RAL Or Hank or Mandage or you I think that Hank is into big manly man anyway But anyway But anyway So so what is the same? I can't get an egg and honest answer about the internet thing We get all these different stories What? Whether it really is working right or whether this is accurate About how it keeps cutting out I don't know It really is working wrong It's working wrong It's working away that the audience that listens on the internet doesn't like I see But I mean this sounds like a nightmare Can't listen to 90 seconds without the audio Cutting out for about two or three minutes And I mean what kind of a presentation is that? Probably a QAM presentation That's the real quick correct Now it was f-d up Is what we're trying to say By deal Well I'm a doer I'll find rub it in I'm getting a rub it in Yeah, but yeah I can't find finger on that button But you made it a lot of practice Because you never know when the big Was gonna pop up on that channel This is an idiotic facts which is why I read it I love these these are my favorite rights Gregory and Westboker rights Dear Neil I have a passport and I've probably been to as many countries as you Well what we do? And while I stay in Florida all summer I spend much of my time on my sales sale boat Well what we do again I've never missed a vote And I'm a national election since I turned 21 I'm 10 years younger than you Will be due three times, okay Gregory I've never voted Republican and national election Consider myself a social and economic liberal After listening to Mr. Dean's position on the middle Least during the debate a few nights ago I will not vote for him under any circumstances Even if he's the sole opponent of George W. Bush Not that you're one dimensional Gregory Do you understand that? He goes on the say to suggest that Israel and the Palestinians Are engaged in a morally equivalent struggle And that we shouldn't support Israel's security is a matter of foreign policy As both wrong morally and historically Dean has lost my support. He won't give my vote See what he said is we ought to have an even handed position there for going to be mediators for peace And up to one side it you can't be a mediator and like take one side Make any sense it's just common sense Gregory Which you're obviously lacking since you've so obsessed with your professional adjuism With your Zionism with whatever your insanity Just like all the other religious nuts So bug up Gregory okay, and I'm unimpressed by your resume. You're not you lose the job the aesthetic Now this was about to pull I did on Wednesday Hmm, in my Dutch friend I tell you about these Dutch what a bunch of hard-hearted bastards They are he mentioned it So he starts out sucking up to me of course He starts out by saying quote a Mark Henniel with his Dutch crap, you know And there's nothing worse than Dutch crap He says great poll This was the poll about the job you did filling it over the summertime Right And what you did you know you came up with more positive votes in negative They were pretty embarrassing I mean pretty significant number negatives He says great poll look at the numbers and you wander why this guy still does the summer fill in for you I wander wherever I can okay they call me the vonderer How many people listen to your show if you had the two categories together Offlane week it is 43% or not or hard-leless New Year's show anymore See the poll wasn't about whether listening any more it's about when George is filling in He wants to know what he's doing Peter Are all the Dutch guys named Peter you tell me Please show this to all you seen one Peter Please show this to the ad people who have spots on your show they must love it You're like Dave wants that protecting his quarterback with these sailing ears Although everybody knows he can't get us anywhere George is a great mommy spick but brings nothing to the table of the updates on the local swing clubs And looking at competition which of course Everybody's interested in that Put for a long for the summer and your hours that guy kicks ass on this station See what Amsterdam and the dark room of the it Do we says this professional instrument I'm not going to the it and I think you'll let the first two letters off Okay in the sill not case I'll still believe there you go another Dutch guy do we here's one that says this is from your this is your main man This guy wants to do you upside down inside out he'd like to insert things inside of you that are illegal in Amsterdam Teddy, Teddy and mine he's your number one groupie You can see the spat you must have you said it for me last Thursday You want to each it says I tried to get in yesterday in the phone lines too, but it was real busy anyway I wanted to remind you that George be the summer man I like to refer to George as a more contemporary straight and tone down version of the old man See there's your influence again influencing the audience with that old man crap while you lose the title anyway Absolutely, every time he's on I least bust the gut once a segment see this goes to show you that Teddy is an absolute and just a George George liquor He wants to clean out every cell every poor your body with his tongue because I mean is anybody ever said that you were funny Ever Ever who are you talking to you? Yeah, they have yeah, when was that? Lots of times I must miss those parts of the show But one thing we've always said is that George is entertaining. He's bright. He was a lot of cram ball But he's not funny But Teddy says every time he's on at least bust the gut once a set he thinks you're a panic man He thinks you're hysterical Too many doesn't have the best producer to fill in blanks like he does for you his timing is impeccable I didn't know that George had something going on the side if George had someone to throw the I'm listening at the right moment you would have a real threat on the other side of the glass I don't understand. I don't understand it. See he's so obsessed. He doesn't even understand how it works I mean if George wants to play I'm listening all he does is I'm listening press it himself See what you understand saying to busy looking George is by listening and taking out ass It says the three semis now sadly only a two-zam our rest and peace genre Out the last week You got to keep up. How come we don't have a bunch of calls about dot and codstein by the way? See this is how disrespectful South photo is shame on you people What do you usually listen to before you'll show eight to ten a.m. What's the lead in? 136 votes Scott for about 55 Like I said 59 it just went up again just change right 143 for else got 59 41 42 percent Which is about 41 percent more than we had with the previous lead in absolutely Howard Stern 30 How many's Howard's got? About 30 man NPR twenty seven music twenty one Bob and Tom for Ron and Paul. I've only got a small pair. How do you like that? That's that is shocking Embarrassing and humiliating to me See they can't come up with names for that other poor. We're gonna do either on who defines a cool account Huh it's tough Here's Miami are only call hello. You're next. Okay. You're next. You're gonna die. I don't think so actually I'm a pretty good health. Okay. I sold it at a good good change. That's a guy with a 17 voices You know something you might be you pal sounds to me like you're under a lot of personal stress like you're this really in need of a life 567.0560 look at that phone George That is a shocker Who's the coolest of them all which well-known person best defines the word cool and they just aren't no cool folks around anymore I think I think we may not get anything on it So far we got most of my joke we got Johnny Debt Jack Nicholson and then joke quotes neoroggers George Scott for us for us cool He's the only one on here that we have of us Am I right? Yeah sure you don't think so you think he's cool. Yeah, I do think he's cool. He's a cool dude man He's also in an in ebry at the generate and that's why we like him alive 567.0560 pound 560 on it. Well, you know something if we don't get any calls all day. It's fine when they're because I've got a big pile of crap And I need to clean up 1056 The thunder you took my fuck I'm nervous something you're just here before it gets to you. Yeah, he does it. Oh Look at the size of that instrument man even roll would be impressed he probably grabbed that thing right out of her post. I mean out of her hand By now you've been hearing about laments or us and how laminated would have flooring from laments or us is the easy low maintenance alternative to natural board flooring You've been hearing about it a lot on this show. Laminants or us is the best place to find laminated would flooring from peridore peridore peridore will send our uniform and quick step They've got all the top names all installed by peridore certified installers to here's another reason to call laments or us their prices will positively for you Right now get there's September kickoff special does 1995 bucks that's absolutely correct Just nineteen hundred ninety five dollars gets you up to three hundred eighty square feet of beautiful laminated would flooring it is positively unbelievable Elaminants or us will match any legitimate written offer to if you want a free and homestimate call out is rust toll free one eight seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six What could be easy they give your free carpet disposal free furniture moving a 25 year warranty and years and years of beautiful easy care laminated would flooring Call elements or us today toll free one eight seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six nine I'm all this is for twenty five six Hardy You heard a snack house well now this crack wells the new cookie with crack yeah, that's right that crazy Love a bitch wants the fancy favorite a craft no crack wells and then double height and then show them if you are hired and a mobile phone And don't make you lose a lot of weight if people don't know you eat in crack wells when they see that Get the ass money your mom is to crack well. Look a man getting my mother for cookies. I pay for him. You son of a bitch You crack well now sold on three quarters everywhere. It's 11 o'clock in five sixty W. K. M. We got the mad dog and two looks like we're just about back to abnormal on QM today The Humphor is doing a show at Chool is this afternoon four to seven whole three hours today. He's been working on for it. That was Ricky. Well, you'm show live at the Cleveland around South Beach seven away to clock tonight. Look at Ricky Gold baby There's Ricky Ricky. Nice haircut. Any K. It's at a clock in July Mark overnight a pristine schedule big big series the marlins at the Philly starts tomorrow night Boy what up pressure packed the answer to be they had a two and a half game lead briefly there for one day not to give him a half on a wildcard And how come they only had 18,000 yesterday Scott didn't Scott tell me on Thursday that looked like they were going to have like 37,000 a game for the three games They were supposed to average that many for the games. Well, he didn't they're 25,000 Friday 40,000 they jammed in over the shore and on Saturday I don't know what that was all about and then only 18,000 yesterday Holy Toledo is Rick we've or should be saying if he was still here to do those dolphin games brilliantly as he always did Holy Toledo. That's week What do you usually listen to before Neil show eight to ten a.m. Scott for r. 72 Howard Stern 35 N PR 30 Music 26 Bob and Tom seven and Rhonda Paul. We got three out of 173 votes pretty lame if he asked me Ron and Paul and their four result two lame week tragic Here's a call from lighthouse point hello Yeah, find the others. Why me yes, Lonnie. How are you pretty good good? I got a couple names for you on your cool Paul. I don't know if I just tuned in how about 20s wood and Paul Newman Let me see what is good about and my other choices beneath the Nicio del Toro Yeah, yeah, he had just the way he delivers his lines he's okay. Yeah, and I guess one out of three eight bad clays Well, thanks a lot, Lonnie you got buddy. Have a great day. Nice is Clint Eastwood I don't think a Paul Newman is cool. It all the he was cool and old He's oh That case now I see why I'm on a pole old I think Jack Nichols and Zolder and me though you think You don't think so I think I don't know about same age maybe look at our older Oh look at up look at up on a thing. See that's that's George again because he keeps your phrase Been calling me the old man for like ten years now Yeah, now you've brainwashed the audience if I told the audience who didn't know who the light was I was like 48 They wouldn't know I sound 48. I don't sound any different now I did like 15 years ago. I'm not sound 38 All right, I got a 38 special 567. Oh five six. I love 30. It's special. I know you don't like him but boy. Why you don't listen? I just want to listen hold on my back, bro. What is it? You are such a schmuck, you know what old men like that group here I thought you told him to shut up. I did I can call clearance after the show today make sure you never could pay believe me Wouldn't take much in fact parents if you're listening Oh Then we got the Ben and J. Lo thing what a shock that is. Yeah, I'm so tired of that crap What do you people gonna stop inundating us with that crap? We don't care about them You can't escape the took a goddamn disease Swers than SARS it's the Ben and J. Lo crap. They just keep flooding us with it Anyway speaking of aerosmith Anybody after city concert in West Palm Beach Have these sounded vice-anthropy Renderly got them home in that kind Kiss leading in of course to the great aerosmoth I'm gonna tell you this absolutely right now. There's some things that are debatable You know some matter of opinion subjective Anybody who doesn't like aerosmith is a major asshole, okay? Can we agree on that? Absolutely now. Let's fight out of Scott likes aerosmith or not See what I mean I'm changing your asshole. What I was told to shut up now What if you don't have to take it to the extreme well you're I would hate to be like involved with you in any way shape or form as a parent as a sibling is a spouse Is a Anybody out of bus My apologies old man you are the most Moodyest most just emotional cripple which is perfect after what we had before Because there'll probably be another couple weeks. They'll be picking you escape when you're asked about the floor and anyway Aerosmith you have positive or negative. Oh Positive Why do I do it? Why do I talk to him? Can't complain about Scott's personality because you don't have any These are quizling Oh I'm playing aerosmith all day they interspersed with The audio from me boy TV. I mean to me that's that's where it's at right there. What more can you want? Anyway, that's a review by Sean Pekoli. Who is Sean Pekoli is that somebody we know from the hero? I mean this and send me nobody I know Sean Pekoli Yeah, I've never met him. Maybe some some schmuck. We'll be happy to know. Yes, the John tackle still live no Jack Nicholson is 65. I Tony's ordered me by about five years Although it's getting close to 61 man you do realize that number 60 one 60 one as the oh the grim Reaper the the rather The grimer a grimmer a grimmer Is waiting for me with baited breath. He's got his hammer and sickle First that father time one of them's got a hammer and cycle Yeah, five six seven oh five 60. I got a column here is so good today that I'm just salivating. I can't wait By Christian almond poor well actually it's by Peter Johnson, but it's called media mix Christian almond for us a CNN practice self-sensorship during the so-called operation Iraqi freedom And if they were intimidated by the bushy administration Fox news which put a climate of fear and self-sensorship I'm gonna read that little bit later on it is so great man that is so sensational now. I was like that bitch. Oh hey But I like her a little bit better right now Well, I didn't like the way that she found over the Pope. But it went to Cuba. You know, oh and the holy father You know, she reported like she was a professional cat lick Which maybe she is who it'll know is what would you she then she sound like some kind of a Ashmata and yeah, I'm on poor I got some on poor 567. Oh 560 is a lady in Cooper City, hello Pretty good how you doing I'm doing really good there is absolutely on this planet nobody nobody cooler than Johnny that There is he is so cool that I'm freezing he is He's just the greatest I don't even anyone else on that pole. He's the ice man the ice man. Come Yeah, he's so cool. He's hot. I mean Exactly, did you get to see parts of the Caribbean? No, you're gonna who'd have you love it He's awesome. I well, that's why I keep hearing he's great in the movie sucks No, it was good too. It wasn't bad. It wasn't bad But he right now I guess because he's coming into the mainstream more I think he's I think he's really gonna take off on more people are gonna discover him He's my main man Johnny that he's not buddy. But you're a T he would even remember who that was Well, I don't know you do Leave an impression I would like to have left an impression. I'll tell you that me too. Have a great day good choice. Okay. Thanks. See she agrees with you Yeah, and of course the fact that George thought a Johnny that that is really David Beckham I have no idea who that either I was hoping you did I thought it was a back door guy. That's not the British soccer player is it? You got me Well, we're supposed to be a sports station. How come nobody's running say? Oh, yeah, that's a is that the guy's name the big British sports star But if the soccer nobody in this place is gonna know about it, but it's from Jose and Del Rey Beach David Beckham I think that I don't know plus he's got that freaky roster here now to oh, I think that's who that is I'll wait. Oh, here's here's the fact you've been waiting for from David in Naples. Thank you David It says regarding your internet audio. I live in Naples. I listen every day on the internet I use Windows media player with the 10 man equalizer and a cartridge in a per treat and find your audio among the best on the internet Oh, right. You're like that. How do you like that? It is very consistent with no dropouts whatsoever Good EQ and sounds better than your AM transmit, which isn't saying much When you go to the break we hear you do the live spot and the QAM bumper like Right then because you play those I do play those I firm off right here. Well, you know once in a while like the last time not you you're You know, you know Yeah, but once in a while. No, it's just like once in a while. I'm fumbling for something and I leave it there Like for example last break I had I'm listening but I've learned to like look up there Make sure that the letter Q is there so when I hit it it's the right thing. How do I want to say? Yes Like that I don't want to play the whole thing Then we'll hear the break scottle panic Anyway, go down to say I go silent till a break is over. We hit the music pit on the other end of the break Oh, it goes silent during the rest of the commercial break apparently Well, that's I don't know. It's just I'm on sprint the SL with a 500 KB line Your listeners who are complaining are probably using a cheap dial-up service on a 46 the X machine or father left them in as well Thanks a lot David. That's what we wanted to hear okay, excellent day Here's the facts from one of our chronic facts. Who's the reason that David Beckham is the soccer guy. I'll put him on there Just for some of those Julios, you know that obsessed with our soccer with a football football That's I'm this is spelled right the one on thick is it But you I ask it that's easy. He got the free move right there now man. He's a way or whatever would rush to hear I mean, it's bad enough. We got dark guys with rostae here, but white guys would rush there. I don't think so, man Anyway, the chronic factuses as we listen to the dolphin broadcast on the radio because we love the mad dog But you have to know what asshole is calling Ricky every chance he gets absolutely The Dreblock demon. It's just painful What did Cox die from? I have a good day probably ill health Right, thank right on by combination of too much food too much Too much of that stuff. Hi, a lot of bad stuff But I think he enjoyed his life, didn't he? Sure you say Are these highlights? That's just how to de-reen servicing Miguel right now. So matter if it's in the QM promotion room Anyway, the Dreblock demon. Now. Well, what does that mean the Dreblock demon? Oh, that is that what he calls him? Oh, no, moe calls him the Dreblock demon. Oh my god. That's disgusting. I thought he had the hats for feedler better watch it Ricky You better watch it. Maybe like to flip flip points with you Can you oh, yeah, I think I just hit the jackpot Low with Dreblocks coming soon one of our test will rust demo That's what we need next time. Okay, Joe's the elaborate. Come on. Okay good old rostemo I'm looking at the right now with those pictures. We got the moda yoda moda And there we got moe di a t-shirt and the condom hats and we still got that guy a pitching that tent in Italy I love it. Ross Demo 560 50560 how's the appulcom and so far 88 people at 36 and a percent Like I said 38 and a percent listen to Scott for well before this show out of 26 Howard Stern 50 NPR 37 music 37 of various kinds in sorts and types 5 in time 12 I love it and run in Paul got only foe You know what they always say run in Paul what are they good? foe Everdantly not much with this crowd 13 past 11 at 560 WQM if your job sucks man if you wish you hadn't bigger paycheck if you wish you had a better boss If you wish you had a real career here's the answer for you How do you like have a new career and a big fat paycheck before years end? Well, if you like to get on the road to that end call fast train today 1 8 6 6 fast train fast train You can have you certified in training for the end of the year like I said only moments ago The demand for computer professional continues to grow like topsy. There's no better time than rat now to get you a new high paying career fast train offers job placement as systems convenient evening weekend skills and with six Floor to locations for and south Florida this bottom of one year by you Fast train offers financial assistance for guys who qualify to so call fast train right now at 1 8 6 fast train That's one 8 6 fast train You had no excuse no more to stay in the dead and crappy job working for peanuts Check them out of the web first at fast train.com and give them a call 1 8 6 6 fast train You make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make I'll go ahead on the head. I will do it without my feet transplant down the head and draw out the balls. Oh, hey, rest time me, rest time you, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time back, rest time he's half ass, like he's half a second, 80t today, 90t, Seven, nine, L hi there, you guys diga tune! Ae, twom coon , don't blow, dad so bitch time canget I got the letter one second, that saws me lost anyway aren't I! So I put them on there. Do you put them on there? I did. Snoop Doggy Dawn. This is I don't think so. On another subject, Ben Affleck got his life back and most overrated bit Jennifer Lopez. They say you can take the bitch out of the ghetto, but you can't take the ghetto out of the whole. So Jake and Holywood. Yeah, I looked up on a web just to make sure. And David Beckham is that very, very highly overpaid the soccer player to Britke who's out playing for somebody else. Who used to have like the skin head haircut when he looked almost human. And now he's got like the dreadlocks to rise to look. Okay. Yes. Go test. 248 votes on the what what the usually listen to before your Roger show eight to 10 a.m. Scott for a 97 Howard's 357 not even close. Scott and I score maybe 97 to 57 NPR 38 music 38. Bob and Tom 13 considering as a Palm Beach station. It's pretty good and Ron and Paul only five. Only five. Oh, I think they're done finally after an exhausting 20 minutes. 567. 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marvel Slint. The coolest of them all is our question today, which well known person best defines the word cool. And we have a very short and selectless so far. Johnny Depp, Jack Nicholson, Neorangers, George Rodriguez. Scott for a while. Hi, he's wood David Beckham and Snoop Dogg. Here's a call from Kate Coral. Hello. Yeah, hey, how you doing? How do you do? I get somebody for you list possibly. How was George Cohen? George Carlin? Right. He's a pretty cool dude. Hold. Yeah, but I mean, he's still cool. You're on the list. Yeah, he's older nine. Yeah, I know. But he just is a gestion in that. I dropped my one vote for Bob and Tom also. OK, thanks. All right. George Carlin's OK, he's cool. Cool. He was good in that movie. The Ben Affleck, a mad Damon movie. What was the name of that? Dogma. Dogma. That was a good movie, actually. The only problem is he, jaylo, she keeps smering these. She keeps alive. I think she's a dick. I don't think she's ever seen a penis, do you? I mean, not like live in personal. Maybe in the movies. I don't think she's like ever seen a whole Twitter hand. That'll think no. Five, not a real one. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10. Here she's got a gigantic rock. A strap on her. Can you just see that? Can you see her hopping on a Britney? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. It's not, it's an easy. A tough one, like I said, not easy. I mean, I may have the question. I said, he would have blank sheet, man. There's nothing worse than having a blank sheet. Just as the guys in Davy. Here's the call from Papino, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, that in addition to your list of cool people. Yes. Santa's Hopper. That is Hopper's cool, yeah. I think the man at the end of your cool. I mean, he's been around forever and he's just, he's great. And he's still alive. That's a good news. You have to check the way things are going like, but he's still alive. I mean, think about it. This is a guy that's holding up to collect social security now. And it's literally still alive when he's gone through. Right. Also, just to touch on something else, I was reading one of the articles on your web page about how pushes a poolerating or slipping. And there's some people who are saying, well, you know, we had a great plan for the war. I mean, come on. How could we not win that war the way we did? I mean, if it's like the Tampa Bay Spuck in your plain, confident. We won. Just like the Tampa Bay Buck in here's playing Carolina, losing overtime. Wow. Yeah. That's really happened the way things were going for us down there. It didn't happen yesterday, yeah. No, but I'm going to add a great talk with you when you enjoy the great day. Okay. Thanks, Pally. Have a great day life. What he says at Borsuch's Wigney, we'll be with that. You didn't have any plan. Go ahead. Some devious plans. 560, 750, 50, pound, 560 on a AT&T and a Verizon Wireless line. Now, every time I watch this channel, this Playboy channel, yeah. There's something I want to say. And I'm for the talking. Oh, but in any way, any reason? Here's a call from Little Havana where they asked for. Hi, I think that Clinton was cool. Yes, for myself. I think he deserves to be on there. Yes, I always rely on you for good information. Yes. Both, they gained on Sunday to see where the hamsters are all. Okay, have a great day, Migo. 560, I'll answer the question. No, I'll have to check with Mad Dog. I'll find out. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. We don't want to talk about him all day today. Do I make you a huge old and tired, you know? I mean, I don't really care about him. I'm just so worn out with his crack. I say we just talk about him. Or at least maybe for next 5 or 10 minutes. Yeah, that's the current more term for next 5 or 10 minutes about the moment. They hate him. They hate your mouth. They don't want to take it personal like Greg V. Deldo's, but they hate you like poison. It was you would die. They wish you would have a new instead of John Ritter. They wish you would have been you instead of Johnny Cash. We wish you would have been you instead of Don Cox, who was at least a friend of ours. It kind of a bizarre way. He was okay. He was a good guy. He was a good guy. He meant well, he was like, well, kind of like a cartoon character. And he had his problems. Like we all do. You know, he wasn't perfect. And I'm like me in George. Right. Just, you know, he just abused himself for so many years in his body. Fine, I guess I mean, we're just, I don't know what the details were, but it was not a pretty end. Don Cox died in Kasia Tune in late. I checked the Sun Sentinel website. Now, see it. Because I know Tom Jick, a lesson's religiously in the short video while he's sitting there. Type it out. Pekin out on his word processor. All of those stupid can't the pieces that he writes here. We did about the network TV shows. Nothing local TV radio anything. But I don't see anything on there yet on the Sun Sentinel website about Don Cox. I'm asking away who is legendary in South Florida video for many, many years. I'm 30, man. I would say at least 27 past 11 a QA and if you're on the weekends died, if you're trying to lose weight on any other low carbohydrate diet like these summarizing, why I hate that bitch man. She makes me sick. Do you like the West book is to place your little love though, because it's the number one low carb store in the entire universe. With a Zidian low carb sugar free products, delights as introducing new ones all the time. To keep you on a straight narrow path. Because variety is one of the hardest things when you're on the weekends. You know, like I always tell you, you've got your meat and your cheese and your seafood and you meet and your cheese and that's about it. And you want some snacks, something different to keep you happy and satisfied. Try the brand new low carb instant cup of soup while you do is add water pop it into microwave as low carb meal in a cup and four delicious flavors. Be sure to check out the delicious low carb muffins for quick breakfast. You're on individual sized cheesecake. They got a whole schmitt load of low carb pasta and sauces, dressing chips, chocolates. Their world famous carbohydrate ice cream as well. And newer the almond snack cakes to blind these and sisterless delicious. So flavors the at last chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars with no malt at all. Thank the Lord. Carboreye ridded drink chocolate vanilla shakes it to low carb meal in the can and Judy's low carb peanut brittle with unbeatable leaveably great. Thunderlight taste. Don't forget to like so West Boca. You can try anything in the store before you bite and all the atkins brand products are on sale all day every day. They're open daily 10 to 10. You've had them on the North East corner of glaze and 441 right next to Boston Market. Two great things we learned from Dr. Bob, one how to lose weight and number two don't fall down. Call him toll free at 1-877 low carb or shuffle them on the way at lowcarb.com. Need a lightsaw West Boca. The night and roll. This is school 20-560. 2 AM. Night and inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity use it biography profile story. Was their name a slang word for the male sexual organ? We certainly hope so. Otherwise there's f*** all interesting about the verb pipe. We won't be in the flash now. Look I told people before the name verb pipe doesn't mean anything. We pulled it out of a hat. Don't listen to him. It means penis. Tell him it means penis you moron. Verpipe founder Brian Vanderarch has been arguing with the band's manager Slappy Gold since 1996. These artistic types don't understand that sex sells. It doesn't mean penis. Of course it does. Put it together. What does verb mean? It means energy. Viga. And what's a pipe? A cylindrical object. A long shaft. If so, facto, you're going to long shaft that's full of viga. A f*** you'll have less mother f***er. Hey, you're off. Well, yeah, look. You're the one who said we should release those other singles to try and cash in on freshmen. As the argument escalated, Vanderarch tunted Slappy with his decision to release more singles. Each representing a different grade level. We were merely soft moars. We were merely juniors. We were underclass. All right, all right. So it didn't work. Her pipe still means a thunderous unbridled erection. Does not it? What you always bring up this? The verb pipe. Maybe the name means penis. Maybe it doesn't. It probably doesn't matter when you're dealing with f*** with sons of f*** like these. It's a big juicy shopping when like a chauvinist. Time. Time to hide them behind. 33 27 to load as 560 WDQAM. You're well-suck put on a list. I give up. And like I said, anybody who disagrees can lick your behind. Steve Tyler. All right. Would anybody disagree with that? Anybody with a brain? No. Who is the coolest of them all, which well-own person best defines the word cool? Not too many, no, Mo. No, Mo. Johnny Depp, Jack Nicholson, Neil Rogers, George, Scott, will put this up at noon. Scott for Rout police would David Beckham, Snoop Dogg, George Carlin, Dennis Hopper, Bill Clinton, and Steve Tyler. And Michael Moore. Now talking about somebody who will survive years and years decades of drug abuse and booze, still going strong. Yep. Of course you look at all this hair too. He was never a fan. He does have all this hair. It doesn't have like a weasel on his head. Steve Tyler. Michael Moore definitely is in the edition. This is another list. Christopher Lee. Yeah. Based on what? I don't know. Got those teeth. Samuel L. Jackson. Based on what? How about then's a Washington? Based on what? Oh, David Lee Rothen even they crossed it out the final. Roger Waters. Who the hell is Roger Waters? He's pretty cool. He's the movie maker. Pink flamingo's. Oh, Roger Waters. Yeah, yeah, I love your compliment. We can call him. Yeah. Are we putting Michael Moore in there? Yes. How about Roger Whitaker? Oh, that's right. He's dead. And he was never cool. He was corny. He was big and fat and corny. And he was like some kind of a brick or Irish bit or something like that. What was that song that we can never remember the name of that we used to have to play both of us on the Iraqshire Whitaker and the last ship. You know what I'm talking about. The last farewell. Wasn't that it? I don't know. Who's on Darum town? Did you get that? Wow. Take a look at. See I told you on playboy channel. Even the guys are pretty okay. Second time. The old one. Jeremy's of this world. He wants to see a big fat Harry disgusting thing especially this close to lunchtime. Man. Even the most heterosexual of them all don't want to see something like that. See, the excuse always is, well, uh, most guys are ugly. So they feel more satisfied and watching other ugly guys have been searched. I don't buy that. Man. Here's the ball from my, my name. Hello. My name is when is he? There we go. Yes, sir. You are rich. Yeah, has the go on. Okay. I have a really cool year. Here's a happy birthday to fair rich from all of us. Oh, thank you. You know, the smoothing. I wasn't in the Scott and he's saying and they get so out of. Yeah. You go. How, uh, if he bet 19 out of 20 baseball games and hit that and 12 out of the football games, I think we should get him up to Pompanol and use his handicapping skills. We can show it. Show it. Yeah. It sounds like we can use some help because even on your hottest days, you never hit like 19 out of 20 races. No, well, close. No. Yeah. Like I said, even on your hottest days, when you were being honest, you were going to not that one. That's that victim that, uh, faculty, they had to have a movie about him. It's the same as it's still out. Then just like Beckham, what's that all of that? I have no idea. Anyway, I'll see you in about six weeks now. I'll see you briefly, right? Yeah, briefly. Okay, Rip. I have a happy. There's fat rate. You isn't so far. I've had as used to be nice gone. Hey, I was wrong. It's got can't wait to tell you. What is that? I'm too for two today. Roger Waters is from Pink Floyd. John Waters is the director. Yeah. See, that's why I didn't know who it was. And then you confused me with a waters part. Uh, John Waters is who we're talking about. Not Roger Waters. What does Roger Waters about as cool as a frog's fart man? Forget it. You got John Waters on there? We got it. But George, you know, and little know what all George knows everything. If you don't believe me, just ask him. It's cloudy and it's gray here in its dank. That's why I'm in kind of like a surly mood momentarily. For the first day, this is the first day in as long as I can remember. But it hasn't been sunny and beautiful. It's 70, but it's like cloudy and like dripping here we know. Well, on the murky side. Whether or anything, though, trust me when I tell you. Rich, you'll see. I'll be back briefly in November. 125 votes for Scott for all he's got 39% What they listen to before this show most often. Howard Stern 72 at 22 and a half percent. NPR 50, that's George's choice because he's a suitable intellectual. Music 48, Bob and Tommy teen, Ron and Paul, I got seven out of 10 and 20 votes. What's the idea there? I thought we used to have like more of a crossover with them or not. But you did. And you know what it is? The people who used to settle for him are now listening to Scott. Right? Right? That's it. Sure. Looks like that. Looks like that for round mice. Do you wait till Thursday when those numbers come out? It is going to be amazing. It is going to be staring. And of course, we can't break the morning show down. You know, like the six to eight part of me eight to ten till the whole book comes out, which is another month later on like in October. So somebody's going to be going around saying, Oh, you see? It's me. It's the football season started. Everybody loves me now. And I'm away from that. Just guys on pipe smokeer. Yeah, right. I'll say it again if they get like a ten share. That means that for else got an eight and a half and he's got a 1.5. Is there any doubt? No. Twenty-two noon at five, 60 WDQM and I'll say good. I get a 2003 New Rogers blowout sale going on right now at Hall of Pottie. H-E-M-C. What they say, Tom Limit and Joe creator all day. The good folks over there went and doubt blow it out. I did it. The OLDL number one. Save up to seven grand. $7,000 for the highest rebates in the year plus get deep discounts. The OLDL number two gets zero percent financing for up to five years. Listen to this. Lisa 2003 Pony Egg ran pre-GT-2 for 279 bucks a month for 36 months with 12 miles a year in $2,000 out of pocket. That's correct. You pay only 279 bucks a month. Hamilton also got great deals on Ucons and Denali's two. And as always, how let's got a fantastic, unbeatable selection of certified pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs. If you've got a few blumishes on your body or on your credit, make no difference. They still want to cut you a deal with hellet and no less on the dance. No third degree. It's the 2003 New Rogers blowout signal and on right now at Halle Pony Egg GMC, 134 On South Dixie Highway that's US went across in the falls. Open every day seven days a week. If you want more info on these staggering new Neil Deals, call the Neil Deal Hotline toll free at 1 triple 85344211. That's 1 triple 85344211 don't forget all Neil Deals. Subtitic credit to privacy the folks at Halle 48 tales at Halle Pony Egg GMC, who are pro-fessional grace. My and local, here's SportsWineel 562A, UAM. Well, the blow has a football team. The greatest in the land. And everybody thinks they're great. But they feel the y'all. The blow bill, the number one. See what I mean. So just sing a little. When you say the blow, you put the hand here at the Buffalo Bells. Buffalo Bells. The greatest team in the history of the human race. The better. Buffalo Bells. The greatest team in the land. Since lies, bread and can't be it. Yeah, there you go. And you jazz up that redneck stuff. They listen to that banjo. Holy sweet God, listen to that. When you say Buffalo Bells, it don't sound so redneck. He do it. Everybody sing along now. How you bill fans? Here we go. Well, the Buffalo Bells are the best team. They have the best record over the last five years. And they went to the Super Bowl for a lot of times, which is more than I can say for this scum suck and finish. And they're a greatist. Because they meanly like their uniforms. They sure is hell. Be it the heck. Kind of having a fish on the helmet. Because they're not Buffalo Hall bills. The best football team. What I ever seen in the history of my life. They ought to Buffalo Bells. The Buffalo Bells. The whole gym, the Kelly, the greatest quarterback in the league. Yeah, everybody. That Buffalo Bells. They're the Buffalo Bells. And they've been around longer than the stinking rotten fish. Well, they're the Buffalo Bells. Buffalo Bells. What would you rather have as a pedophile or a fish? 14 till noon at 5.60. Nobody can. I'm fully in dear field. Right. I was in the aerosol. Friday night. They rocked. We had third row seats. Sounded great. He says, I remember a row force one. Thanks to that. We're good. Great seats. I won't point in the show. Steve was the coolest. I've met him a few times. Swung out over the crowd. When he went back to the stage, we had a swing right back over us. What? The girl I was with, the reared up and grabbed him. Well, when she got her hand back down, a piece of his hair was in his hands. A piece of his hair was in his hands. Where I think he means her hands. And somebody's hands. Right. It's a little clip-like thing. Guess just to make his hair look for. Has little beads and strings on it to show his red. She's got a piece of steamy tolerator hand. Also, as you'll period the list, he's totally cool. He's relaxed around his fans. Steve tolerate. Well, we can't put all the erosmith on her. Can we know? But we break. I can cure. Dianne and Fort Lauderdale, though, it kind of like peas in our parade a little bit. Yeah. We can get you. She says as much as you talk Scott for a lot, he simply will have manjack ripping off Howard Stern Show. Well, what's wrong with Wolfmanjack ripping off Howard Stern Show, huh? It says, for all this doing the same crap, Howard was doing 15 years ago, which it just must've been, et cetera. The numbers don't lie. Scott will never have Howard like numbers in the morning, so tell for a round of a joy or pull while it can. And by the way, I wouldn't be bragging about 34C as she's below average at best. Says Dianne. In Fort Lauderdale. Whoa. I think you like that. She's below something. Probably Dianne's hitting below the belt. Good old light. Oh. Oh. Anyway, five sandlers did what we got so much bad news. I have no idea who he was. But I've been only a good guy. Even though he worked for Chief Channel, he couldn't help it. He was never a WIWD when we were there. No. No. See, this is not right. This is by Thomas Monet of the Sun Channel. Seriously, if you wipe your ass with the newspapers in San Florida, it would be like an insult to your back home behind. It would be a grotesque. Don't do it. Because I wouldn't wipe my ass with the Sun Channel, especially because they put all this crap in it. It says he groomed young cast members and was a dedicated news editor and movie critic on his birthday show. But along with love for movies in theater, he's still found time to be a strong family man. Bob Sandler, a fixture at WIWD AM610 for 10 years. He died Saturday, a Westside Regional Medical Center in Plantation, complications from pneumonia. He was 60. He was diagnosed with lymphoma year ago, but he continued working at the radio station until September 4th that day before was admitted to the hospital, said Lori Shepherd WIWD news director. Well, at least we know Lori. She said Mr. Sandler had a great demeanor and provided training younger employees to help them hone their skills. She said the station staff was devastated by Mr. Sandler's death. Mr. Sandler originally from Brooklyn moved to South Florida 15 years ago, said very Epstein, a friend for 20 years. He said Mr. Sandler's media careers started soon after he got out of college and it is the news editing he said Mr. Sandler also wrote theater and film reviews for several South Florida publications, including entertainment news and weekly and Brown and the format of the United States. So, they were not said to the West's non-cuffs because we did no Bob Sandler. I think I know what they're thinking about with that 10 years thing. What is that? He was probably at wins for 10 years and remember they switched call letters and then wins became IOD. No. I'm just trying for him. No. I don't believe so. I don't know. Maybe Senator will clarify some real facts that and but he certainly was not a WIWD for 10 years. Not that I want to nitpick it makes no difference the guy passed away but the bottom line is if you're going to write some stuff put it right get it right just once in the South Florida newspapers and it was got to end fish wrapping pieces of crap. God. Can't stand it. Okay, here's the we got only a few minutes left on this poll and it's put it Diane. We'll get back to you. Diana. For us doing great with our audience. What do you usually listen to before Neil Shreweiter to name Scott for 137 Hours per 86 38% to like about 24%. NPR 57 music 54 Bob and Tom 19 they're great but they're in Palm Beach on a station that you can barely hear and date and brought and Ron and Paul got only 8361 votes only 8 in the Sun signs state and it's so great. No it's pathetic. It's week. It's week Ron and Paul. In other words when there's an alternative when there's a choice then the people are diving. You'll see in the next trend Ron and Paul. Zeta which used to be a great station when somebody I know was there. Oh God. Now is a piece of crap. I'm on poor says CNN practice self censorship. Listen very carefully. Okay. Sure. CNN's top war and it's also going to be on our website. Email the two Fed Erick. CNN's top war correspondent Christian Amman for says that the press muscled itself during the Iraq war and she says CNN was intimidated by the Bush administration and Fox news which put a climate of fear and self censorship. As criticism of the war and its aftermath intensifies, Amman poor joins a course of journalists and put it to charge that the media largely towed the Bush administration line covering the war and by doing so fail to aggressively question the motives behind the invasion. On last week's topic was a topic A with Tina Brown on CNBC Brown the former talk magazine editor asked comedian Al Franken a former Pentagon spoke with a mentor and I'm on poor if we in the media as much as the administration drank the cool aid when it came to the war. Set on on poor. I think the press was muscled and I think the press self muscled. I'm sorry to say but certain television and perhaps to a certain extent my station was intimidated by the administration and its foot soldiers at Fox news. It did in fact put a climate of fear and self censorship in my view in terms of the kind of broadcast work we did. Brown the next Alan Porter was any story during the war that she couldn't report. It's not a question of couldn't do it. It's a question of tone, Amman poor said. It's a question of being rigorous. It's really a question of really asking the questions. All of the entire body of politics in my view whether it's the administration, the intelligence, the journalists, whoever did not ask enough questions for instance about weapons of mass destruction. I mean it looks like this was disinformation at the highest levels. Clark called the disinformation charged categorically on true and headed my experience a little over two years of the Pentagon. I never saw the media holding back. I saw them reporting the good the bed and between. Fox news spokeswoman Irina Burgandi said about him for his comments given the choice it's better to be viewed as a foot soldier for Bush than a spokeswoman for Al Qaeda. CNN had no comment. How do you like that? I like that line. We thought with the one that is in other words you're either with us or against us. You comedy bitch you. How do you like that? How do you think old bitch more honest align that I would have expected from them? Wow. Oh, there's Ann Colter again. She's got her misdredger piece up. She's hopping on it. That big black one. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound. 60 on the AT&T. Well, his strap on you know he owns it two on a weekend. Got a chin strap. He made a place of mean chin volos what I'm hearing. Although I will say this I got that straight from the effud report. So thanks a lot, Miss Fudge. What are you usually listening to before Neil's show of Scott for 140? How are it's 389 NPR 58 music 54, bomb and time 20? Ryan and Paul are measly eight. Pretty measly compared to the beesley. By the way, Scott couldn't pay. No, I don't think you're ever going to pay. They're just jerking around. Start a catch out of that. Yeah. Here's Palm Middle Bay hello. Hey there. Neil's time. How are you doing sir? Okay. Number one, Sampler was doing pre-recorded movie reviews at the same time you were at IOD, at least on the weekend. I don't know. You know, I was during the week. Never heard of that possible. George never heard of mine ever heard of him. Now I believe it. Remember Larry Justice? Yes. He did pre-recorded movie reviews on his show on Saturday. That's why we never heard of him. That's why I never heard of him because Larry Justice was a dot-wing old man. The other one is on the more current poll. The name, I can't believe you've forgotten. The nearo. Robert DeNiro. Well, you know, there are people who think that he's a good actor, but off, you know, that he's not all like cool personally. I would agree. I'll put him on there. Okay, and finally, I have to agree with the facts that beat me to a laws on hold. Tyler is the sexy one, but Joe Perry is the cool one. Okay. Then my boat still goes with the narrow. Got it. Thanks a lot, pal. Ron, a foot Joe Perry on there. Sure. You do? Absolutely. What does that mean? Absolutely. I even asked you about aerosmith before we were like non-committal. We mentioned Joe Perry and all of a sudden, oh, absolutely. I was answering the phones. Yeah, right. Luckily, story. Watch me. Oh, yeah. I know that, in fact, Scott was, he was the topic of one of the aerosmiths. You're a baby. That's what we're always thinking of. Crazy. That's not. I thought you were going to play dude looks like a lady. I think if we just leave the audio from Playboy Channel on for four hours and we'll just have somebody handling the bleep button. All right. Me? And I'll just do the spots. And then we can just kind of lay out. Yeah. I'm sure. Easy. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, can I actually didn't hear you say eating watermelon, did I? Well, that's what? And sloppy. Like Rosie. 156, 1 minutes to a loaded, 560 WKN, there you go. Payback is a bitch. What are the scuzzles? Oh, I'm going to test stuff for some of you. For me, I don't really care because any of it. Yeah. This is Jennifer Lopez. I have to take my hormones every day to keep the hair from growing back on our minute post. And that's when I listen to the Neil Rathers 12 to one hour. You can fuse it. Lonely, drifting through life without direction. But I want to talk to you about an exciting career as an Episcopal Bishop. You see the flashy hat and robe are just the beginning. There's the glitz glamour plenty of TV coverage and a personally autographed 8 by 10 of our B firestein with every archdiocese. Commandments, manments. We think of the more is a suggestion. I mean 10 Commandments are 5. What if you can bat 300? It's fine with us. Catchings an option too. Or if you're into the sweet science of boxing, you can always beat the bishop. Now if you're thinking, hey, I'm not a piscobal, how can I be a bishop? Don't worry. We have two bishops that are Muslim. 5 A.F. And a Buddhist bishop that lets you rub his belly for good luck before you play bingo down at St. Latoya's. Join us. The few, the proud, the color coordinated at piscobal bishops. Travel to at 5.60 W.M. Happy Monday to a mad dog at two. The Humperate 4 from Shoolas. You got the Ricky Williams Show. Mr. What is he calling? I still remember, Ross did you a dreadlock something. I don't know. Oh, how embarrassing. Is there any end to it? Absolutely not. Ricky Williams Show live from the Cleveland Red South Beach. Go there and hear Ricky Tiki Williams. Gotta beat better. But above. Oh, then you got her a cool hotline 8 to 10. I missed that before. At Tony Romans would Joe's it might have waited. promo were playing the Joe Z doing at his St. The Recall play by play. So embarrassing that it's humiliating and degrading. We don't want to be associated with that. Any K follows her a cool hotline at 10 and join Mark overnight, leading into the Dodd-Ring Old Man. Here's the final results from the first poll today. What do you usually listen to before Neil show 8 to 10 in the A.M.? To your 94 votes. Scott for RL 152 38 and a half percent nice going sky. Oh. Howard sperm 95, 24 percent, NPR 63, music 55. Oh, oh. Five and time 21 and Ron and Paul only eight out of nearly 400 votes. Two percent. But that's pathetic. You know what? Perhiddy said. Huh? Don't they get big numbers in the books and whatnot? Views do, but I think that the way till you see this next trend man, you're going to watch them drop in. Scott Bum. On Hiroshima. Scott. Let's see. Here's the fact that says from Greg and Sunrise, trying to get, this is a good suggestion by the way. You got it on there already? Scott, you have to. Oh, I'm writing it. Yeah. So some sure he's got vagrant as many as he'll still cool. You bet he's still cool and you can you imagine. This has got it lost count. Like about 20 30 years ago, we can't even keep track. Also Pope Pius John should have been a Friday's pool. You're full about dead John's. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All the popes were named John. Somebody called about that. And we could put like 100 John popes on there. The voice of reason and ridicule Mike in Jupiter, faxes. It says this is an intelligent, informative, and reasonable website. OIC ValleySceptic.com, which deals with topist yoddi adiada, topist glood religion, president, bush and politics, psychics, and basic everyday BS. I'm sure you'll love it. And logically, we're letting us see a text of religious right and they're sneaking to step to the other. I'm saving us. It says keep up the great work you show is head and shoulders above the rest. And Mike, you are. That's the little little lecture. Sure is head and bolders. You know, the great part about me is I don't have the end rough no more. There's also don't have any here. Well, nothing's perfect. Let's force when you don't have any hair and you have dendres. You see, I wonder about the old guy. So they really waxed. We're got that. What's his name? For a story. I think they use a lotion. They use a lotion on their head to keep it shiny like that. Yes. It puts the lotion in the basket. I see. Who's the coolest of them all, which well-known person best defines the word cool? This is a tough one, which is good. I mean, anybody can like, you know, it's like who's the best act? And we've done those there. Those were fine in their time. They killed some good time. But cool, man. Everybody's cool. Everybody's cool. Oh, my girl came up with one that I forgot to write down. Yes. Christopher Wawkin. Now. Okay. I thought you were going to say Christopher Lowell. Paul Boy. Christopher Wawkin. You said that in a wrote down lower. Well, Christopher, you and Miguel, where your minds are at, that Cuban thing. They got a little Cuban in a man. Well, I've said it one thing in here that I'm a big course in Toronto. We got people from all over the world's Indians, Asian Filipinos. I never realized there were so many Filipinos in the first place. I think all of them are here. Really? Just about everybody in this town's got like a little Filipino in them. What are the guys look like? Filipino guys? Yeah. Um. The water of the Indians range short of the Asian. You know, they don't know. I can't tell other kind of like Asian, but islander Asians. I can tell the difference between Chinese and Japanese. These are ugly. Hey, now. Generally speaking, huh? Let's see. I thought you were going to say the opposite. No. Are you kidding me? No. I've seen. I'm talking about men. Now women, I would say Japanese women are better looking in Chinese women. No, exactly. Right. Generally speaking. But Japanese men are ugly. I don't know what that's all about. But they're ugly. Chinese guys on the other hand are a lot of really great looking Chinese guys. As you know. But I do. Sure. I told you I want Chinese women. But he had little Chinese in them. I said he had a little Jew in them. And in there's Korean and there's the Vietnamese and in the Filipino, I really can't tell. I don't know. You know, like black people say about us whites. You guys all look the same. Well, the Filipino seemed like they had short bow legs and broad flat feet. They're short bones. Bow legs. See now your confused number of Chinese again, too. I thought I was watching the animal planet channel. You know, the doggy channel on the dog. There's every time I look, there was another bone. Topps up and somebody's bearing it. Which well-known person best defines the word cool? Johnny Depp was George's choice and also that nice lady in the, She's the only lady we had called day by the way. Yeah, right? Mm-hmm. That's, I don't care anymore. We get paid the bonus for men 25, 54 and that's it. What's that? New Rogers, which I'm about as cool as a frog's ass. George, Scott for Ralph. Tell me get some votes. Clint Eastwood, David Beckham, the soccer guy with all the money and the bed, the rostilox, Snoop Dogg, George Carlin, he may be old but he's still cool. I don't think anybody member shooter hell he is unless they're saying those seven words. Dennis Hopper. Bill Clinton. Oh no, oh not him. Speaking of, I don't know what the hell his name is, but there's something that's not a lot of his name is, but there's some of these poor no guys. Oh, he makes Roger meet look like Brad Pitt. Bill Clinton, Steve Tyler. Michael Moore, John Waters, no relation to Roger Waters, a Roger Whittaker or Roger Ebert Roger Moore. Robert DeNiro, Joe Perry, Hugh Haffner and Christopher Wawkin. You know, there was a time when if we put Roger Moran here he'd get votes. Right. Don't you think we should put John Carlin on there? John Carlin, absolutely. Once upon a time he was never asked. He's not forget about an old hat. Oh, old and wrinkled up. That's like saying that George Burns is cool. Yeah, he still says aflact really great though. George Burns. Yeah, I was 6705, 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Don Cox died Bob, what was your guy's name for my OD Bob? Sandler. Sandler? I don't know. I mean, I guess it could have been because who the hell isn't sending these stations on the weekend? I guess he could have been there, but when it seemed unusual to you that there'd be somebody at the station that you just never even heard of. If he was doing pre-recorded movie reviews and someone else was playing them, yeah, I don't consider that being there. I see. What all do we expect? I mean, we don't want to be disrespectful. The guy just died and he obviously was a good guy and people like them. Or at least we think so. But we just don't know who that is. Here's a call from Iany. When is Tardis? Hello now. Yes sir. I have been Neil. I've been great. Happy Monday, Jamie. Monday is a fun day when it's over. Yeah. Hey, Neil, a couple things. Did you see that half? That baseball game where the ball hit the guy in the head. There he got a call. No, did not see that. Oh man. I think that happened yesterday was there was a video on a yes. He had to actually the ball hit the guy right in the noggin. I met a fan of game. I lump on the head. Besides baseball. And the other guy caught it. The fan of fuel at the head. The right fuel got hit in the head. He had to leave the game too. Anyway, my guy who's cool is Vince Vaughn. You've heard of Vince Vaughn? Yeah, I never heard of Vince Vaughn. As he can to Stevie Ray Vaughn? No, no. Vince Vaughn. He's leading. He does the independent comedy. Who did that movie? Made. Shoulder. Shoulder. No. You see that movie? That's a little of it. You know Vince Vaughn? Sure. You do? Yeah. Yeah. No. No. George has no answer. I mean, I'm not that you're the definitive. The way you said it. Whatever. I mean, we could name every male actor if we're going to use that. That crazy. That Vince Vaughn's. Oh, he also spat on a guy. I was watching some pop-a-rothy video that they show Hollywood on censor. He spat on somebody, which makes him an asshole. Not cool. Let's see. John Faxes says the coolest of all is Steve McQueen, Boachab. Steve McQueen, number one is dead. Yeah. And number two, you know, I mean, it's serious. Talking about is, well known is not dead people. I've got to remind you, sir. Okay. Let's see. Here's a fact that says, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. If there's one thing we can never get enough of it's morning horrors. Are you talking about Paul and Ron again? No. Did you hear what he just said? He didn't really put any... Consonence at the end of the word. You don't, you've got to paint when I hit that button, man. You were like, have your ESP kick in, because he said, well, he said, the beginning of it. Anyway, please free to win Sirthead and you're sure whenever the urge moves you it says. I may have to mop up my cubicle a bit, says Bill. Regarding the poll, since today is the coolest person, I would stand a reason that tomorrow may be the biggest nerd. That's good. I like that. Thank you. Bill, I think that's tomorrow's poll. If so, please accept my early nomination, Rick Riley. I think he gets in votes, don't you? Sure. Pulled out my floppy last night and it was just covered. Oh, just covered. Oh, it does. The nerds the word, man. Ben and Vegas, Jen and Miami after split anybody care. No, we sick and tired. He does. He does. He does. Flamers. Oh, God. They won that poll like by twice the next nearest competitor. Right. Who he hired of hearing. Just don't ever want to hear about these people again. Okay. I don't even care if she's got the penis and he's got to have a giant. I'm not interested. I don't want to know about it. I want to see it. I don't want to think about it. Why does anybody care about celebrity? Why does that deal? They'll be bone. A bigger part of it. That's the name of the act was that's in this upcoming movie on a playboard. You better keep CNN down there from now on. I can play a playboard channel going. All right. You keep abreast of that situation and I'll keep my eye appeal for this. Hollywood celebrity couple of Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck have split at least temporarily. Sources close to Affleck on the told Roy Disney yesterday. Close to Affleck. The pair we're seeing on Friday in the LA area, boarding planes to different US cities after postponing. We can't wedding plans. Do the way media friendsy. Right. Said someone who wished to rain anonymous. The sources said that sometime last week, Affleck called close to associate's telling the he and Lopez had broken up. On Saturday, Affleck was spotted gambling and son of himself without Lopez at the hard rock hotel in Casino and Vegas. Right there in a quarter of Harman and Paradise, isn't it? Okay. Name it after the hardest driver, Donnie Harman. And Donnie, the finish line's over here, maybe. This direction. Okay. He's able to find it to often. Meanwhile, sources said that Lopez and Friday flewward to where Miami residents had made plans to head to Canada where she's filming a new movie with Richard gear. All right. Maybe they'll hook up. Woo. I wonder if we're going to be doing aspectome for Ascent at movie, you think? Maybe Jennifer Conley's going to be getting a little good. Her looks. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line 1213 at QM. A little bit nervous about some of the copy that I got because I think our sales department is just. Throwing in the towel. That's new. Yeah. No, like that. That's not my first thing. A fat boy, you know, I got another spot coming up. I believe in the starboard. I said, if you do something, you know, if you're big fat ass, get your walker and hobbling there and give your something to the facts to me. Okay. So we got the facts. That's always what like Jack Webb. Just the facts you fat ass. You third. God. You know, when the time comes to have your carpets clean and looking brand new, there's only one name should pop immediately in your mind. That's right. Concepts. And they're always doing spectacular, unbevelable job. And the reason that they do so good of a job is because they have that exclusive patent and method. They drive clean your carpets. It sucks out the deepest dirt in the fibers. Your carpets make some look brand new, steak cleaner, longer and last longer too. And I drive concepts. Office you a chance to say 15% on next car per cleaning. Now that summer is winding down to a close. Just call dry concepts. Tool free at 1-800-248-5071. As to be put in their stand by list. Then dry concepts will call you the next time that they've got an opening in their schedule. Like when you fly stand by a sand deal. If you're available when they have an opening, they'll knock 15% off the price. So call dry concepts today for each do pennies unbeatable job. Don't forget they give you a written guaranteed price before they start to work. And as to be put on their stand by list. They might even have an opening for you the day you call. So your sick and tired of having your carpets look and smell bad. Here's the deal called dry concepts today. 15% off the price of the job. Call 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071. Or check them on at wicked worldwide web if you like a dry concepts.com. Come on, my god. And look! This is 4-305-60. 2-1-00. 2-1-00. Did you see our ratings in the last book? Yeah, I know it's both starting. You are good at it, yes. What you're back to that? Are you gonna wake up? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You will wake up all your morning. I got another thing about a top I get in right there. And then I don't need a rating that my name is safe. Don't get it, I can do it. I'm gonna turn this night and get out of white and little hot. I'm the guest you've got. A roasted gutster goat. There's a lot of pet producers, you know. That's right, what you've got. That's right, what you've got. You won't wake up all your morning. That's right, what you've got. You're back. You won't wake up all your morning. Oh, brother, all that blood I don't understand. And you can lead from a trough while you was in both hands. Perfect, that's what you made a rating small. You just like Clinton and Paul, you're a fool. And it's straight to your flat ass out. Well, we'll take the boat out of you mouth. That's right, but you're back. You won't wake up all your morning. You're gonna wake up all your morning. If you cancel your morningwood home, the syrup wantsroy. Because if what we do? And what you're going to want our drink? No, forget about your sudden cold milk. It's warm enough to burn inside of you. So that got lucky. And Vegas reports got for real, actually. I got laden Vegas, I can't envision it, I can't imagine. I can't believe it. Do you believe it? No. With something human. This power cup of times, and I would just like to be in a room and having a whole bunch of guys in the back while I'm masturbating for them, they said check, you know, just swing line lines of fucking. Well, like I said, dump already? Sometime. Well, if I would have just, like, a half a second sooner, you know, I'd have been okay. And that's bad, because now we lost the seven seconds before that. Ah, Christ, we were really on a roller. Well, you got to get this down to the signs, you know? Yeah. Gotta watch how fast you stick your finger and where you put it. 21 pass new to QA. Here's one. If I says, used to be cool, Robert Wagner, George Hamilton. Well, it used to be cool and long time ago. No, no, and long time ago, they were always poor because they were cool, but that's about 100 years ago. Fised, and I'm very pleased. Look at that. My choice was Jack Nicholson, look who's in first place, Mr. Smarty Pants. Very good. Who's the coolest of them all? Jack Nicholson 12? Bill Clinton's got five. Hugh Heffner 5, George Carlin, full, Johnny Depp is full, Robert Neuro, full. It's just that we're just getting this thing going on. And I like that suggestion by Bill about tomorrow who's the biggest nerd. 47 votes so far. Because I already started right now that pull. He put Raleigh on his, his choice. Guess who my choice is. I give up. Adam Sandler. Oh. I've his spy. Oh, I need test. I'm revolted by. I'm nauseated by. If I ever saw him again, it would be way much too soon. Adam Sandler and the assholes who like Adam Sandler, they make me even more nauseous. How hard can I agree with you? Oh my god, is he just a nerd? I like word. Yeah, the nerd's the word annoying. Right. Talk about ran his course a long time ago. Idiotic. Oh, he's a one act that one trick. He made that. That was all. Oh, I did like Bob Barker. And he doesn't write his own comedy songs. Here's Davey. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? Pretty good. Good. I just wanted to thank you for kind of confirming this suspicion for me for years. I've always felt that you just sort of chucked the bio and the Torah and everything and just really go to Godfather 1 and 2 for all the answers you need in life. I just found this out and you know, I just wanted to thank you for confirming that for me. Okay. I'll be because it just makes me think about it. If you ever had an issue that comes up with your life that has an already happened to the Corley on family. I think it's a good thing. Take it all. Good point. I'm going to get the end of this as far as your small, uh, I'm going to go with, uh, George Clooney. George Clooney is cool. I don't appreciate it. It's gone. He was doing so well until you got the, I'm sorry. I'm not really very Clooney. Okay. She's cool. He's cool off a little bit. Wow. I don't get how many. There. Go get you. What? Great. Go. Come out on the one. We're still not putting George Clooney on there. Okay. Wow. He was doing good. Like I said, quote, where you were head, 20, 2,360 for abandoned per rest. You so far in our best in the emergency nice and our 2002, 2003 CDs and our more Howard David. Absolutely. He changed and all the other good stuff we got. You ordered them right online on theorages.com. Next fan hit'll be this Wednesday. We'll tell you tomorrow. It's going to be 20, 2,360. By the end of this week, we're going to have 25 grander. I'm going to want to know why. Which by the end of this week, I'll be just a little over a month that we actually got started because we started late in August. As usual, we always have like, you know, a few, uh, the few, all these. It was night 11 spot this time. Is that what it was? Or the train. Anyway, by the end of this week, uh, 25 grand and we'll be well on our way. Because I want to get 100 grand for abandoned per rest. You've this year. No excuses, man. There is absolutely no excuse. Get with it. Cut the crap. This story is just a shocking for those of you who's been half today on your mobile which I don't. Maybe that's why I'm still alive. Mobile's make you see now. This is from the Brit independent newspaper. Mobile phones in their new wireless technology could cause a whole generation of today's teenagers to go see now that the prime of their lives new research suggests. Do you do that's funny? What? Do you think mobile was, uh, of course he's old enough. He don't need no cell phone. No. He don't need help. The study which warns specifically against the intense use of mobile phones by youngsters comes as research on their health effects is being scaled down to an industry pressure. It's likely that a galvanized concern about the almost universal exposure to microwaves and western countries by revealing a new way in which they may seriously damage health. Professor Leaf Salford, who head of the research at Sweden's prestigious lung universities, the voluntary exposure of the brain microwaves from handheld mobile phones is the, phones is the largest human biological experiment ever, and he's concerned that as new wireless technology spreads, people may drown in a sea of microwaves. How do you like that? I don't. What is this? What? Compare the factual aspects of this article with factual stim, the publication, uh, uh, it's long and convoluted. It's long and complicated. What do you think of the practice to me? Huh? Interesting. Okay, I'll put it about my very interesting, but for later on, Pao. The study, financed by the Swedish Council for Work Life Research and Published by the US Government's National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences, breaks new ground by looking at how levels of microwaves cause proteins to leak across the blood-brain barrier. They're leaking. Peabace concerns about mobile phones have concentrated on the possibility of the devices may heat the brain or cause cancer, but the heating is thought to be too minder to have an effect in hundreds of cancer studies have been inconclusive. Mays, Swiss Court, the scientific advisory to motor roll, told New Scientist magazine that governments and industries should stop wasting money by looking for help damage, but Professor Soffert and his team have spent 15 years investigating a different threat. Their previous studies proved radiation could open the blood-brain barrier, allowing a protein called albutumin to pass into the brain. Isn't that like an egg's albutumin? Don't know. Yes. Their latest work goes a step further by showing that the process is linked to serious brain damage. Professor Soffert said the long-term effects weren't proven that it was possible the neurons that were per themselves in time, but he said, neurons that would normally not become seen out until people reached their 60s may now do so that when they were like, BAP-GOOD MAN! And their 30s! How do you like that? Wow. So if you're on that cell phone, how can a Chinese baby put it back? Just like your foreskin, trim it back a little bit. Five little local fish, six fish, six little fish, three years old, yours is on the one cell phone. QAM! Eggrock! Eggrock! We've helped millions of men have a hard day tonight. And now we're going to have a good day tonight. By the way, it'll make you feel all right. Profit, you want to have a 50, how big you're putting? I didn't say anything. It sounded to me like you said, oh, that was just the end of the bed. It was like that. Maybe it was more like a scorch court like that. Speaking of that, priest and molested boy accused the new case I can't believe that you're in Cicola. An allegation of molesting a second boy's been leveled at a Roman Catholic priest who was in last month after meaning of the first allegation. Monsignor Richard Bowles, so Nick Ford was appreciated the diocese of St. Augustine, when the alleged instances of sexual misconduct for a place 32 and 34 years ago, he resized last month as pastor St. Mike's church in Pensacola, he's been unavailable for comment. St. Mike's. Monsignor Michael Mooney's spokesman for the diocese just goes to the second allegation late last week. We want to get the information out in case there's anyone else said Mooney, who previously had indicated the first allegation was an isolated case where we're a fact is to us underline that. And isolated case. Bowles and Augustine admitted he molested a boy in 1969, eight years after his ordination, the second allegation that Bowles molested another boy doing out of state trip in 1971 was reported last week Mooney said Mooney declined to come out on the details of the allegation. It's drawn from the recall election. There's another one, Los Angeles, retired priest faces molestation charges, months after a U.S. Supreme Court ruling voted 42 sex abuse allegations against him, a retired Roman Catholic priest faces new charges of molesting a boy doing a five year period in the 90s. The Reverend Michael Wempies 63 has been charged with five counts of child sex abuse. Wempie appeared Thursday in Superior Court didn't enter a plea, his agreement was postponed in Dolamar because one of his lawyers was unable to attend the hearing. Outside court attorney Donald Styer said Wempie vigorously advised these allegations and will plead innocent. Yadi, yadi, yadi. Court commissioner, Jeffrey Harkevy said Wempie's bail at 800 grandwarder of New Avoid contact with the alleged victim. Wempie was diabetic was being held in the hospital unit at the downtown jail in LA as lawyers said. And it goes on. They all go on. There's no endo. The beat goes on. The beat goes on. Go see the Magdalene sisters. You said it was not that great. You said it was okay. It was okay, but it's important. It's like Godfather 3. Oh yeah. But way better than that. Here's the fact that says before we get to our next Catholic priest story. I don't think you're a fan. It's his but Donald Trump should definitely be on your list. I'm not a fan, but do I have to be a fan of these people to put him on a list? Even though I did get the right one, Jack Nicholson obviously. He's got 27 votes. Johnny Depp 15. We got the top two. You and you and me. Who and why? But about Donald Trump. I think he should be on there. And I'm not a fan. He makes my blood curdle. I can't stand it. But he certainly ought to be on it. A lot of people think he's cool. And got a lot of money. He's got a lot of chicks on his arm. He's got a lot of bugs up his ass. He's a brilliant example. There's a whole bunch of reasons here. Payed it off his X. Y. Four. Well, it goes out with incredibly hot models. Builds the greatest residential luxury buildings in the US. Builds by tackler. Well, if building big casinos and hotels getting laid a lot, how about Steve Wynn? Right. And if going out with hot models when your rich makes you cool, then boy, we had a long list build. How about Howard Hughes? Do you know how Howard Hughes had syphilis? No. Yeah. Really? That was one of the reasons that he became a reckless easy. He was starting to become like, wouldn't it? Like that. And that was what he was so reclusive. I saw that on a biography with a weekend. How are you? No idea. He had syphilis. Too much of that comedy would have me on girls. You know? Yeah. I've never stole a freight train. Treats people around in very well. It says I met him was very surprised. Just needs to work on a herit says. So Donald Trump is on a list now. Okay. The coolest of them all. When you think of the word cool, it's in cool as a frog's far. Who's the coolest of them all? Jack Nicholson 27. Johnny debt 15. Bill Clinton 11. Clint Eastwood 11. Hugh Hepner 9. George Carlin eight. Christopher Walken six. Robert De Niro five. Neil Rogers four. Thanks for the comedy. Snoop Doggy Dog three. George Rodriguez two. I'm price is cool as you are. I know. David Beckham two. Michael Moore two. One for Steve Tyler. Oh, only one. One for Scott for L. I thought for Robert get a lot of votes. He's still too new. What does that mean? Oh, he's up to three now. Just as I said that he popped up. Michael Moore two. David Beckham's got a pair. He's hiding him under those rostal locks. Steve Tyler one. Joe Perry one. John Waters don't have any. And then a stopper has none out of 117. None for John Waters. How about money waters? All right. What about it? Double in Ireland. Ireland's prime minister in his in bed. Education chief vowed their last week to salvage. Investigation to a child abuse. A Catholic Church or institutions. But opposition leaders accused the government of sabotaging the probe. Victims groups said they feared the three year probe would be abandoned. But for that their private trial went relatively deep. At that time, field output. In Man repeated it . Out of 20 years old AD, I grew up yesterday as prophet Renaud. Would not have come back to the surprise resignation of Maryl Appory reflect as the nine tonenion to appear fixation to the physical and sexual abuse in Church on streets. Workhouses in orphanages haunted the 1940s. About that, hesitant to do it in need to remind her. This afternoon. Workstation provided it regardless of the configuration. to carry on the commissions work by gathering testimony from victims and investigating alleged abusers. But again, they're just alleged incidents. I believe it. You don't understand it. Right. What's wrong with the altar boy walks up to the, you know, the priest and the priest says, I want to give you a kiss. Let's wrong with that. All the pending I worry kisses him, right? The rectory. Because is an inorectum. Right. Right. Don't worry. Why wish, I wish somebody would, what we did have them on facts from somebody saw the concert in a quescence of that awful place. That's what makes it bad at the sound advice amphitheater of West Palm Beach. What did it used to be called? When I was a musical amphitheater, the coral sky. Yeah, that was, it was the coral sky, you know? It's a, it's a cow pie field. It's not anymore. It's like ripped off the bottom. It's not the mud field. It's not the mud pie field. Right as song, every other song. Is there any doubt? No. See, there's no doubt that the greatest song of all time was sung by Iris Smith. We just don't know which one it is. Okay, it's up. Come down, Steve. I think he's about 85 now. Steve teller still is pretty good for 85 at all in drugs. Right. 560560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon, Marlis Lines We land to our list of who's cool. I'm not that big of a list considering we open it up to like the whole world, living people, anybody in everybody. Not that big of a list. They just aren't that many cool cats around no mole. You know who would have been on there? Who? Sammy Davis, you read my mind. You saw that. I saw that. I said cool cats. Right. Yeah. Okay. You think a cool baby. Sammy Davis, Jr. I'll talk about the side of my mouth. He was cool. Man, he was about as cool as it gets. That one glass eye. Right. And you know something? I think here's another one. Yeah. Why am I going to put him on her because he won't get any votes. Peter, fuck is pretty cool. Right. Huh? Sure. With a glass eye. Uh huh. Maybe that's a pull for you to take one day. I'm a guy with a favorite glass eye. The way favorite celebrity with a glass eye. I get saying it. I like it. Right. What a tilt. Yeah. Who's your favorite comedian with a glass? I got a glass in it. You're a glass in the ass. Hey, speak of that. You know, one of these days this copy that Troy is. Sammy is going to be correct. Summer isn't quite over and they're still doing some barbecues and kids are well kids are back in school during the summer months when you have it on barbecues and pick it out. You probably gain some weight. If you like the lose weight for that reason or maybe in a accumulation over many many years like the rest of us. Here's the answer for you. Balance for life. A lot of people out there getting phenomenal results. The beast was doing real great, but we kind of like a weash mid can't him. Forget about it. Oh, he went in and five pounds down to 52. Okay. In other words, he still talked his way to the food boy. Try over there. Balance for life is really easy. He's still getting fed for free. Won't be free for you, but it's worth whatever you have to pay because this will help you lose the weight you've been this. But to lose all those years. There's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carb counting. There's just a little black sack. And it's right at your door. They deliver it right to you. By six in a a and at your work at your home wherever you hang it out. And inside your black sack, that's the key to losing the weight. Three delicious fresh meals. All good stuff. And two delicious snacks. They're right in there. And you pick between you fill out the menu once a week. Pick between two alternatives to where it's every meal and snack when you're on a program. And a like I said, deliver it right to you. Everything is prepared fresh. Nothing frozen. Nothing artificial. No chemicals. No preservatives. No crap. So it's the delicious, the intelligent way to lose the weight and it works because it's based on the zone diet by Dr. Barry Sears and his cousin Brian Sears. And it works like crazy. So let balance for life. Happy lose that weight. Squidby and lethargic out of shape diabetic around the verge called balance for life today at nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine you'll start seeing results on that scale within just a matter of days. Check them on a worldwide wave if you like it. Balance for life.com. We're supposed to be a five six. You a M. All boring. Simulante. Well, we got something for you. It's fun. It's silly. It's straight from the morning. It's snowy dogs. Killing songs. Yo, Snoop dogs in the nursery. Snoop will help you learn your ABCs with his song. ABC song. Yo, A to the big to the C to G F. J. Then A to the night and a mother. J. Wilson songs about games you can play. Ring around a rosy bitch. A pocket full of pose for my peeps where sighy. And you can post with snoops. Or rise. Rock, goodbye baby. All that mother. In Treeshop. When that wind on blow that cry, no will rise. And if you call now, you get a bonus. Snoop dog story time. Here's Snoop dog. Tell you the classic children stories. No why was that joke. You know, seven little brothers, one big, you know, she's shaking that ass. You know, grumpy, why don't you come over here and hope me. So, all now in order to snoop dog dog, you dog, you get a song. Call 1 800 dog songs. Yo, this is the album I've put the mother. Back in mother, Bruce. Oh, geez. Order now. Call 46 at 5 60 W Q A. I'm somebody suggest David Bowie and I say no. Why is that? Why is what? Why have you? Is that the moment? What's cool about David Bowie? What's not? This looks like you're handwriting. No. No, I'm just you want to put David Bowie in there. Sure. Why? Why not? Oh, okay. Cool guy. He's an innovator. Okay. Nice and interviews. How about Marilyn Manson? Okay. Come on. That is. Every, every, every, every performance. Nice. Every watch star. Every performance. No, I'm just going to be on a pretty son. How about Neil Diamond? I'm sorry. I love this article by Jimmy Burstland, son or website that I'm going to read it. Good. With the elected or not. Well, you're like fascism and name of security writes Jimmy Burstland the yesterday's news day. To the Justice Department of John Ashcroft John McNick, and McNick is a lifelong criminal. He also is a Catholic and almost ever waste my time putting this on, but in matters with John Ashcroft, I believe that is some singing right-wing country road religion. Please, some want suspicious of Catholics if not more. The Irish Americans who come up dumb again, she's a Ashcroft. He harms their kind and they like him. The Irish even think the FBI is great. The Justice Department people hold a hammer for Irish immigrants, work and paying taxes doesn't count. Irish and taxes inflow to report detaining and deporting, the immigration people deny this, which means it's true. John McNick, 51, lived with his wife Francis and three children in peace since 1984 in Upper Derby, PA. He's applied for citizenship and has gone to the immigration office every few months to renew a work permit. His wife is a naturalized citizen and his children are citizens. The immigration people read British reports that McNick will, in Northern Ireland in 1970, two have been involved in shooting a policeman. Someone else was convicted, but the British said he must have been guilty. Any young man in those Northern Irish towns who wasn't the accept arrested by the British or Protestant police is more talking about. The British threw him into the maze prison. Don't worry about McNick only busted out of the place and got to Philadelphia, as he would not guilty in Northern Ireland he wrote on a visa application that he'd never been arrested immigration people's hearsay he lied. Since 1995 they have believed cheap British memos about McNick shooting cops. They were held off in the law courts for seven years, but when this ash crop came, it became ominous. An immigrant is like a parked car. He doesn't have to move to be in violation. A car can sit there and get tickets for a tag placed wrong, a faulty rear light, a front light, a mirror, anything. An immigrant can fill out papers and set questions for long hours, work hard for a year, show tax receipts, display papers of the three citizens and his family, and there are still 100 reasons in print for them to throw you out of the country. And if you get a Catholic from Ireland and an Ashcroft singing a song, the guy gets thrown out. They took Bernadette devil an out of line in Chicago where she was changing planes to go to New York for public speaking appearance and said her home. They said at 5-1 and in her 50s she was a threat to America. Then the of the day a band from Donacle was at the double an airport for a flight to New York to play a benefit in the Bronx for an old neighbor Mickey Duffy fighting cancer. Suddenly a mercenamigration officer appeared and told them they were barred from entering the US. The reason was a cheap technicality that only an Ashcroft agency could raise against Irish Catholics, the band went home, the patient's bills over here still mount. In the middle of July at 5-30 a.m. McNickle left his house as he always did for his union job as a sprinkler fitter, he gets outside his house he's jumped by four men and plain clothes who come out of the car. He begins to holler inside his house as old as sunshine 18 wakes up to the shouts. I thought he was in pain he said he ran out of the street in time to see the car driving away with his father in the back. McNickle was allowed to call his wife at 6-30 a.m. he was in the York P-80 tension center, it was allowed to see her for half an hour. I got talking to him she was saying on Friday night they had him in chains, here's a man who worked for eight years and used his own name and lived in the same place with his family, he worked every hour they gave him and they have him in chains. When she left they took McNickle out of the place deported him to Ireland without telling her. She was left with no income, she goes down a couple blocks to Patty Rooney's pub and coast lunche each day and Friday and enters the late. Of course it isn't enough. I don't know what to do she was saying on Friday. I'm fixing the house up with some union friends of my new husband of my husband. We have a new roof and a new bathroom, a new driveway. That should help the price if we have to sell. When she sells she goes to bleak doggo to put her family back together again. The two youngest children are there with the father. He gets them to school and looks for a job. They don't have a person getting his union wages if you took all of the doggo on shirk it upside down. That this American government of bigots from the low IQ state can mud over our bill of rights grabbing somebody with no warning in the dark hours is a terrorist act by some singers. The only way to defend yourself is to vote them out those who don't our fans of fascism. What a great column by Jimmy Presland in the holidays news day. Let me read the last paragraph again. That this American government of bigots from the low IQ states can run over our bill of rights grabbing somebody with no warning in the dark hours is a terrorist act by some singers. The only way to defend yourself is to vote them out those who don't our fans of fascism. Nice going Jimmy. How do you like that? I like it. Need to. Even Scott likes it. How about don't know his ass from my elbow? Well he's a Irish. I already. I think he's going to get the port of this week. The ass crock people will be there to deport his ass. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Neil, how you doing? Pretty good. Hey, I got two names for you. One for today is with one for tomorrow. Today I want to nominate Jean Con and for tomorrow's Kera Top. Okay, excellent. Good choices. Thanks, Paul. I have a great day. Kera Top. Oh and so guess what? I put it in Schmidt Cannon. No, I didn't. The new movie with Jack Nichols and Adam Sandler and Grmanagement. Okay. They were shown a previous for that on the Playboy Channel here. My new favorite channel. And what an irony that Jack Nichols in his honor, who's the winner, we're going to be probably the winner today's poll. And Adam Sandler who's definitely going to be heading up tomorrow's nerd poll are both in that movie together. What did Jack Nichols and ever do to deserve that? I'm a casual ablation. Probably somebody who hated the Lakers put forth to be an member with Adam Sandler. Jack Nichols and as 36 votes he's the coolest of mall Johnny Debscott 22. Clint Eastwood 21, Hugh Hector 18, Bill Clinton 14, George Carlin 11. I am the soul of old George. He's doing well. Christopher Walkington, Bobby De Nero 8, Neil Rogers 7, Scott for Rouse got six. Steve Tyler 4, Snoop Doggy Dog got four. Michael Moore's got three. George has got three. I'll see. I got 70 got three. Dennis Hopper appeared David Beckham, who's got more. He's got money up the ass man. They would get Beckham with two. Joe Perry won and job water's won. Out of the first time in 70 vote. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's my any, hello. Hold. A bigger part. Hold music. Hold this. Let's try camera. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I'm not Paul Newman. No. Old and craggy and then maybe maybe 30 years ago. Huh? No. No. I got something else for it. He was about as cool as I was a random driver and not so far. What is it? I know you watch the independent film channel. Yes. I do. I love it. Have you seen dead lives? I don't think so. This is the most disgusting, virus thing I've ever seen. Next time it's on. What is what's it about? Basically a guy goes to a zoo and his mother gets bit by a animal that's computer generated. Obviously the mother turned into a zombie. The whole half a town turned into a zombie. Oh wow. First scene. It's the grossest most disgusting. It's a comedy. Okay. You got it checked this out. Are you such a yes cute? Not up there on top 10 of disgusting isn't it? No. It's can't be. Can't be. Go check it out now. Okay. Specialized little play do. Play do and catch up. How about dead virgins? It comes from you. Yeah. It's not that way. But when you're to the camera it goes to the camera. It's just pinpoint. It's tapered. Across the we are the best you need to do. I always ask what the show is. So I know how. Movie virgins. That's like some kind of an interview thing on IFC right now. IFC is great. They have really. They're including Requiem for a dream which some of you still haven't seen yet. And a people didn't like that again. It's like the aerosmith thing. You know your taste sucks. How anybody could not love a Requiem for a dream just be including your buddy McGill there to Too many trips back out of an animal. That's McGill's problem and his dreams. Who is never even on a banana boat but his mind is trapped on a banana boat. That's McGill's problem. How else could you not love that movie? I guess he just couldn't relate to any of the characters. Oh yeah drugs right. I see. Got him. He's clean drugs and a lot of sex. Old people. Old Jewish people. Old Cuban people playing dominoes. But very similar phenomenon just change the language. Exactly. Just change the above of my season language. And the nose change the hanging on the door. Here's Margie. Hello. Yeah. I got two suggestions for you now. Yes sir. I got a kid rock and Vince McMahon. Vince McMahon belongs on and no question about a kid rock. I don't think so. Do you? No he ought to slept with that post-dripping skank. Who's that? Pamela skankly. Oh your favorite Pamela Lee. Yeah. I was the only one that did and have big bad looking silicone boobs and you know that nasty worm tainted meat. I think one of them is hanging out of our knees. What I'm hearing the one on the left side's hand. It took a turn for the first five six and plus then she have like a syphilis and have a type of ABC and D and XYZ and the infected horror. Oh my god. She's just a pus filled using a walking disease basket. Yeah. Leave it in the market. Just get a passrail. What's an basket? Yeah. There has the sack same whether or not. Wait. What? Check this out. Pamela Masidi. We have highs in the eighties all week. We fund their songs. It's all got row. She has she be knitted from the well. Oh, she's still got the bronze. She's taking it off right now. A little bit warmer with highs in the night. It's like our local forecast. We just talked about it about the banana boat. The capital is salvalot because it's just like everywhere else down there. These phone calls are too bad. Those aren't real. Central America's larger. Another more neighbor, Mexico is soaking up all the sun's rays as scavers and look as precious. 91 back in the states the sun will finally shine over the central plains. This week as the rain goes down somewhere else. He will be dry and in the mid seven is in Kansas City, Oklahoma. Can't see the this one of my favorite rates. 1257 at 560 WQM all the playboy channel audio all the time. That's what I say last four. Just be quick on a figure like that. One other time was my bad though. I should have shouldn't have pushed my look. That's all right. Because we had such a great segment there and then when a doubt we had to bleep it out. Hey, let me tell you this fat boy is still a turd. He didn't come in there with new copy from my friends at dialo mattress. Jeff high sucks. Okay. You suck Jeff. We hate you like boys. Okay. We wish that it could have been you instead of done cock. Hi, how are you? You make us feel nauseous. You make us want to lose our appetite just for life. Anyway, if your current mattress is headed lumpy and bumpy and just fall off the edge of your tummy. Try to do a little hanky panky. If you're not going to good night sleep. If your back feels the worst when you get up in the morning, time to Schmidt can't get you a great new mattress. What I always do is call the experts a dialo mattress. It's the only smarty intelligent way. It's the easiest piece of shopping you'll ever do in your life cause already have to do is make one EC phone call to 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TT RAS. Here we talk to the experts in the bedding industry who know their crap inside and not they got all the top name, sir. And see, and the Simmons, whatever you like they got it for an exactly one new one is in stock at an unbeatable everyday low price no bait and switch. So call that toll free number and then again, you just sit on your ass. You don't have to leave the house because they deliver for you whenever it's convenient. You pick it to our window like between one and three, two and four whatever you like seven days away from 8 in the morning till 10 tonight and you'll be sleeping like a baby the very first night with low prices same day delivery free set of an removal. It's easy to see why our good friends at dialo mattress are right the best in the universe in customers satisfaction call toll free right now 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TT RAS. You'll save a lot of time a lot of money a lot of grief with this one EC piece of shopping. You can also do it on the web if you like it.matters.com for dialo mattress the easy to smart way to get you a great night sleep for months and years to come. this is 31 this is native to me There's all we hear in air Your tears hold in their mouth, be a big change You're gonna feel the burn, you'll feel the pain Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah The lullaby plans to pass into the world To pump you up like a blue, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I tell you, yeah, I'm loaded in a hill you curse Your long feet on this beautiful universe Even kids will get betrayed in The monsters are lonely waiting till me That a waterfall of a piece of art We've said to have me in bars I hope you're ready for our love I'm gonna watch you around here Two hundred and twenty people, it's how about carriage top for Governor? What do you say? Be an improvement in Governor what? Florida. All right, big improvement. I'll take it. Several steps up. Jack Nicholson forty seven, who's the coolest of them all? What are you telling? I got my thumb on it. Johnny Debt twenty seven, like they have my thumb on him Still he's forty by the way, it's still is pretty good. Clint Eastwood twenty three, you have to twenty two Bill Clinton nineteen, George Carlin sixteen, Christopher Walken's got fifteen Yeah, Robert De Niro eleven Scott for else got nine, I got eight, oh, Scott just edge the head Snoop Doggy Dog six, George Rodriguez only four only four people think you're cool Yeah, but I'm allowed to go to strip clubs Steve Tyler four To swing clubs, that too David Beckham three, even when I rush to here, Michael Moore's got three Dennis Hopper three, it's in a hopper. Joe Perry's got a pair and John Waters only has one out of twenty twenty three vote. They don't even know who the hell that is. Pink Claming goes this pretty good. Yeah, it was weird. Five six, seven, oh five, sixty pound five, sixty on the year. It was no what does that awful move with the toilet scene? Transpawning train. Oh, train spotting. Oh, I spotted my underwear when I was trying to watch that. I got one out of the bright side. Yeah, it got worse. What do you mean it got worse? Later on in the movie, it gets worse. I don't want to see the rest of them. I won't watch it. I won't watch it. It's sitting in the other room right now. I live in room. It's just sitting there like off to the side. Like any unclean pile. Here's a call from Coral Springs, hello. Yeah, with up. Yes sir. The coolest guy in the world, Dr. Shapiro. Yeah, now ever ever. Well, especially on this station. Oh, I got one. If Vince would manch it be on here, what about Jesse Ventura? Absolutely. We have his action figure. Absolutely. I mean, probably not as many votes as he would've gotten a couple years ago, because he's, yeah, he kind of sold out. But nevertheless, Jesse Ventura will get some votes. Here's a facts from Elliott who says. If you get a chance, check out the newest show of the cigar feast, Yenato, with Francis Ford Copeland on a cover. He's always, he's always got a big fat on this, push. The big, you bloody brains all over your nice, type of lake suit. Inside is a fast name. He's the random making of the godfather, including some great pictures from the set. I think I'll enjoy it. Suga office Yenato, I guess I'll have to go to like 20, 8,000 bookstores, new stands. They're all over the place. Or like so. Huh? Or not. What do you mean by that? He said you'll have to go to that or not. What are you going to make your tinkiness or the spirit of it? Exactly. I'm just trying to be nice to suggest to Elliott that I'm going to go out of you. You know, I'm not going to go get it. That's what I said. The chance in hell, I'm going to do that. Suga office Yenato, I don't even smoke him anymore. The mic of the interior, they'll tear your guts up. I haven't smoked a big fat, so stoian, I don't know how long. About a box this morning. And by the way, can my good friend over there at the nationwide auto? We never got that on there, didn't we? Can't help her? No, I can't. Can't make a noise. I call nationwide auto national levels, whatever the hell is named is. Psycho. Psycho. The scars because I don't smoke them. They're killing me. I see I always feel bad about that because I know people feel they're trying to do something nice for you. You know, they're trying to be friendly. They're trying to express the fact that they like to free entertainment or they're just sucking your answer whatever. But I don't smoke cigar. So if he given to me, it's just going to go in his smick. I don't, I don't know what I'm going to do. Don't throw away. I'm not giving to me. I'm not getting any money. I might as well get cigars. Braccom. A perfect fit. Here's Orlando, it says hello. Hello. How are you doing, no? Pretty good, sir. A standing view of Pearl. A couple of, uh, by the couple guys. Robert Duval. Okay. Sam Elliott. You guys remember who we is, sir? Yeah. And, uh, what about Jim Brown? Jim Brown, who beats his wife and his ex-wife and then anybody in his hands on? Jim Brown. Jim Brown. Just, uh, Robert Duval is cool. Yeah, he's cool. Cool. He's old. Yeah. Obviously, just because your old doesn't mean you can't be cool. I mean, George Carlin's getting a bunch of votes and he's about 100. Right. Look at Jack Nicholson. And Jack Nicholson's older name, which is really old. I'm so glad that you look better. Because you're giving me, nah, he's not as old as you. I didn't say that at all. Did the new thing with George now is like nobody is old as the old man. Nobody is old man. That's just things I think. Goodness that somebody came along. Absolutely. Who's old enough to be my grandpa? Is it hankled, isn't you? You're a little bit. We looked at that time. Yeah, he's a little bit older. But he's not nearly as old as the moment. Absolutely. Which is why Hank and I aren't wearing a bag yet. And we also don't have like a muskhead on our head. Or a weasel. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Jack Nicholson, 49. Johnny Debt, 29. That's really interesting. How do I look? My choice in your choice. Okay. Swimming may not be very cool. George and yours truly, but at least we know when we see it. Right. That's cool. Like we may not be very hot, but we know how when we see it. Like if you were seeing this right now, you'd agree. It's smoking. A big fat. A big fat. It's going to cigars that I was smoking at. We're tear my tongue up. Those dead of the diamond lights. God, those were good. See any cigars that's got like paper in the tobacco. Yeah. It's an unlike what Arnold said. It's not a light. It is a tumor. It's a giant big tumor going on. You're tongue inside your mouth. You're not going to be all natural and smoke only. Your head just turns into one gigantic chunker and then like squeeze your head and all the puss pops on S&U. So damn it lights are great, but they have like paper in the end. I was I was chainsmoking those things because they're not that big. Speaking of things you used to lie in a real mild. Speaking of things I used to put my mouth. Yes. I remember that that's so popular. You discovered down here in Ghana. Oh. It's pool day today. I see. Oh. Yeah. I can't get that here. I'm getting my playboy TV, but I have a feeling I'm missing something really good there. You heard about the hefty cinch stack? Ooh. Man. But the drawstring? That's sure that one day that the kid had the... Get how I just handed down. That's it. Rockback memories of Kepasa USA and my good friend. He just had a lot of stock on his head. I get wild by a rear when I think about Rocky. Is your body a shock? He's got a sock, Jack? Do we? Huh? Yeah. I bet you that's not even in here. We hit that sign in there. What sock? Remember that? Nope. You don't remember that bit. Jock sock? Jock sock? Yeah. During the break I think I'll find it. Just to show you up. All right. I mean we got Jock strap gum. Mm-hmm. What that was that? Oh that's a book of mine. That's probably a sock. It's 100 years old as for one of the... What's the been, uh, yeah, rock comedy network? Sweden on Sunday last night delivered a crushing rejection of the Earl, turning its back on closer integration with the European, leaving a savage blow to its leaders. And expected, Symphony vote for Anna Lynn, the former minister, was murdered last week. Failed to materialize. That's materialized with an S, because it's in the British financial times. Ghoran person, the Prime Minister said the result was clear. It'd be very easy to be spectated. There is a deep skepticism to the whole EMU project. Among the Swedish people. It's pronounced person. How about you, partying? Person. Is he an important person? Yes. Now you're speaking, uh, Captain Arnold again. Captain Lann. And then Bartardona, with a speed defect. The referendum result was 56.1% against 41.8% for. Eadiadiadiadiadi, only this Stockholm region and Skain in the south of the country voted in favour of it. The decision to keep the corona effectively banishes any prospect of Tony Blair holding a Euro referendum in the UK before the next general election lobbyist for the single currency conceded. Eadiadiadiadiadi in a perfected and pear tree. Autumn swedes are the pretty dependent. They're also pretty hot and pretty drunk. Let's roll with that. That's an excellent combo. That's a spreadsheet. Yeah, this is especially the way you operate. I'm up. Now you've never done anything like that. Are you going to find it? Huh? George is going to use to let the liquor up the wife and get her slept along with those swing clubs back before they closed all the swing clubs. I wasn't talking about the wife. Come on, it's after one at five, 60. WCWM. Durine's occupied. Okay, she's busy with Miguel. Pretty careful. Careful, she still likes you. A bigger partner. Maybe she likes you a lot. Based on what? I don't know. Maybe she's just into that whole foreskin thing. All of Miguel has circumcised. That's why that's why she isn't a respect for him. Yeah. After the dolphin. Sure. You can't go near that. They were in promotions and we're like in graduate and graduating together in the dolphin box. And she's giving me some skin. Can't do it. Can't do it. Can't do it. Forks. Hearing for ball teams from colleges you've never been to. Or should think dysfunctional drawing men called coach. They coach. Unable to form your own opinion so you're resource to call in that sport whole rating of show for their eight. But you need something to do in the twing games. Don't you? When you're being forced to spin. Well take this for at home. Jack's strap gun. Oh no. Jack's strap gun. Come on. Oh no. Oh no. Jack's strap gun. Come on. Come on. Come on. Jack's strap gun. Surround yourself with sports inside and out. With the satisfying taste of growing juice. Jack's strap gun is individually rat sticks of yellow gum. Assorted in the flavor of your favorite athlete. So embrace the dumbness and enjoy the long lasting flavor of congealed sweat. Come on. Oh no. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Haven't played it in the coupons. Don't have Jack's sock. I know it's around somewhere. It's got to be rock comedy. Do you think? No but it's out one of the best jobs. I just made a quick look. I'll find it. Not that it's that important. Here's a fashion of chronic who says how could you possibly leave off. The coolest look is most confident well rounded person we know. The mad dog. So get him on or Jim Mandiff. Got it. We got it. Jack Nicholson wins hands down your pants man. 53 votes Johnny Dev 30. Hugh Hector 29 Clint Eastwood 29. Bill Clinton 24. Christopher Walken 19. I will do the double digits. Robert 10 or 16. I got 12. And Scott for else got 12. We're in a fat photo of the tie. Fat fluzy tie. The end Scott. Tombers fed cannabis by babysitters. And Australia couple was in court for ID facing charges applying a prohibited substance after feeding two small girls spaghetti and marijuana sauce. Oh right. Sounds interesting. Maybe it was really just a regular. Does that story include the recipe? The girls were hospitalized. This is in Adelaide, Australia. This is down under. Right. The girls were hospitalized after the prince returned the couple's house and found the children for and two drowsy. The older girl nearly coma toast the Sydney David telegraph reported. Baby seeing the children were Anthony John Patton 22 and currently in Anderson 33. Poor granted bail and Adelaide's Elizabeth Magis great court on condition. They have no contact with any children including Anderson's 4 children age is 9 to 15. Let's see. She's 33 or children. She's got 4 children age is 9 to 15. Kind of like a baby factory. Prosecutor Harry Schwartz Schwartzel said the two children had visited Patton in Anderson's home Thursday morning with a girls father allegedly smoke cannabis with the babysitters before leaving with a girl's mother. Schwartzel said Patton told police later served the girls a lunch of spaghetti with a pasta sauce containing cannabis. Patton claimed he simply forgot was in the sauce. Maybe he just confused him with the oregano. What do you think? Sure. Same container. Same color. Exactly. 560560 pound 560 on a 1810 Verizon wireless line. Here's a call from Lantana. Hello. May Dylan? Sounds like you. Yes. Okay. Quick for my phone dies. I got two. Jack Allen. Yeah. And Charles Branson. He's still warm. Okay. Thanks. Charles Branson's still water. Dead people were doing now. Jack Pallan's Charles Branson. What do you say? Wow. Well, maybe that's why we're down a couple of calls. And maybe we ran out of all the cool people in the world on our list today. It's possible. Many people are saying like Paul Newman come on. What's upon a time in America with noodles? Noodles with marriage we need so. That's kind of amazing. Maybe that's why they call Marae Narasas. Better find out what the most interesting thing. Now we're getting out of the brownies. Everybody's made marijuana brownies. All the brownie hounds. But I just wonder what kind of things people sprinkle. I mean, it is after all a firm as they say. It's just a herb. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Music. Pick a puke at her. Boobs. Wow. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlese Line. The ozone hole is bigger than it ever has been. You ready for that? I saw that story. That hole is getting bigger and bigger and bigger. Back to him. As for Clarence said, I told him to stay off the beast. The Antarctic ozone hole is bigger than it ever has been at this time of the year. Threatening populated regions of South America, New Zealand, with harmful levels of ultraviolet radiation. Last year's hole was smaller than those recorded over the previous decade. Leading the hopes that they protected ozone layer and the upper atmosphere was beginning to recover from its destruction by man-made CFC chemicals. But early observations reported Friday to the British Association of Science Festival itself for the University show that the hole which appears every southern spring is returning with a vengeance. The findings suggest that reduction of CFCs will take longer than expected to benefit the ozone layer. Alan Roger runs the British Antarctic Survey ozone monitoring program. That's with two MZ and E program E. Said last year's smaller hole should be regarded as exception on clearly a one-off event. They have a meaning of one time event. It was nothing to do with any reduction in ozone depleting chemicals. The concentration of ozone destroying chemicals of the Earth's surface is fallen since 1994. Following international agreement to phase out CFCs in related compounds to the Montreal Protocol. The levels of the MZ fare lag behind the surface by several years. Dr. Roger said that probably near their peak. We predict that it'll be a decade or more before we can say unambiguously that the ozone hole is recovering. Assuming that the client ozone depleting chemicals continues to be same. How do you want that? The hole is getting bigger? And bigger? Pace on your stand up and there's slide right out right on the floor. 560560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's a call from Pembroke Pines. Hello. Pembroke Pines. Going once. Here's Orlando. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hi. The objective of the full two. I got always two. I got an art journey. Okay. 560560. Pound 560. I tell you what. Because we're getting so many negative. Once you're going to open up the white pages of the phone book. Sure. Read a couple of names. A.R.D.Bark. Yeah. Read a couple. And a few. Why do they always do this? Why do they always do it? I have a theory. Which well known person best defines the word cool? Not which couple of people. Now which handful of people. Now with twenty people down a block and out of Suzy's house. Which well known person best defines the word cool? I think I'd be saying it very clearly. Yeah. You might as well just ask only one question from now on for the poll. What do you mean? What do you mean? Who do you think in me? In somebody. Yeah. Name somebody. Just name somebody. What's the first name that pops into your mind? Julie Andrews. Suzanne. If you would. Bob Marley. Ricky Martin. Randy Rhodes. Randy Laffer. Howard from Boca. He's in there too. I'm trying to get him out. Here's pepper pines. Hello. Yeah. What do you say? Yes sir. How's your hole? I holes a hole with a WH. I hear you. Hey, those are cool dude. I don't know his name. Who's that was just out catch me. He can the father we in order to caprio. The guy who played his dad. The tap. The tap dancer guy. Well, did you see him catch me? He'd be dead. Hell no. If Leo de Craprio was in I'm going to shit that. He's dead. He does all of these. You see a tap dancer I guess. Do you want to tell him? You'll know. Fred is there. Used to be a hot dancer. I'll say. He's the mother movie. He was in besides Leo movies. Chris. Walkin. Do you see Joe dirt George? Joker. Joe dirt. Joe dirt. No. No. Bad movie. See a David's fade movie. I don't know. Michael Corley on the cool guy. Okay. Have a great day. He's a father of Leo in catch me if you can. Right. What he said. That was Chris for walking. Right. Who's already on a guy damn pulling out a whole bunch of votes. You know. How about that? Well, the guys have him problems. Okay. How are we going to straighten him out? We must go to the third. Excellent. I'm on my way. I was thinking the other day. I'd like to go to a city. Yeah. Yeah. The polarimal. Sure. And maybe the Corley only. A lot of people are realized that they're actually a town. Right. Called Corley only. And Sicily Italy. Corley only. We're going to get a lot of tourists. You think? Walking around going. Hey, is this Corley? Yeah. Yeah. Buffing. Yeah. Where's the family? When I hang out. Where's the other truck to be? But I bet they'll take you for a ride. If you ask him that. Right. You're looking at your wallet. Come back. I'll tell you something. My crump. Nick. Right. One 26 at 560 WDQ. We're always got father intensive on a show. It's one of the things you can bet Georgia's life on. And Scott to. We're got father intensive. Anytime. We love it. Here's something you love. PUNCHIN in peace. At VIPsportsport.com. The best software sports or going anywhere. And what is both dependable to? You got about 7,000 sports sports advertising on a radio station because football. She's in the other way. And they all want to get their hands on your wallet and what's inside in your money. To. VIPsportsport.com. On the other hand is dependable. They've been around a long time. To the oldest. And the largest sportsbook in the Netherlands. And prestigious Holland. Amsterdam. They're right there on dime square. How to present legal license as well. So call VIPsportsport.com right now. 1,86 VIP best. And you'll be able to plunge your guts in peace and with confidence. Sign up now. You can bet all the sound photo football and basketball teams. You can't wait for the free or your long. You want to bet them the dolphins? It's just 100 to 100. You want to bet their hurt coins? It's 100 to 100. So forget about the vigorous. All signups get 20% cash. Bonus. Not some funny money match play bonus either. So call them on at toll free. 1,86 VIP best. Or check them out online at VIPsportsport.com. That's 1,86 VIP best. Be sure to mention QA when you call. For VIPsportsport.com or you are the VIP. My life and love all. This is for trail by city. You may who may have. Big World Series. And if your kids are little bigger make sure he has the right equipment. Page driving. What's at your pants? What's drinking? Ah! Sure he has a bad and glove. But when he steps up to the plate and grabs himself he needs something to grip. He needs new jocks. Tell slip a pair of jocks. And get your little bigger that major league boat. If you can chew like a pro and spit like a pro. Make sure he can scratch his crotch like a pro with new jocks. Now I'm actually never thought I'd find that. I never thought you'd find that. Why did? Where was it? Best in the 1992. Wow, that's the way back then. And you know the amazing part of it is. When I was sitting here a couple of minutes ago I'm thinking. Dirty Harry Carrier. It's on the same one. Right? The dirty Harry Carrier. Yes, what bit? No, that's bit number nine on the disc. Number eight is. He's back. And he's stalking the side. He's back. The Chicago. Dirty Harry Carrier. How do you like that? That was in here. Yeah, I know that. But I'm just saying I knew it was on the same disc that came from. bizarre. I'll tell you what else is on that disc. Everyone wants to stay in shape. Who would check your size? That was right for you. You've tried jazzer size in a robot size. Now try the workout that's as old as the Bible. It's so circumcised. Yes, it's the quick easy way to lose inches. It's the home for 40 days and 40 nights. Money back if you don't see results immediately. The exercise tip for men only circumcised. And you know what else is on this disc? This was in pretty good year 1992. Yeah, but also is on here is. Or help. You know the last Falcon line. It is. Yeah, we're putting happy to the heart. And the very last Falcon's got to be stuck in it. And so, one of my own. Well, that's what you can carefully do on this disc. You can hear the slice of the edit. It was excellent. All these years I never knew until now. I thought it was a while to get the tone right. I thought it was a bad Ziny all along. That's a good thing. What was what? What was that bit you just played? It's a burping godfather. What was it? Jesus, God, are you dumb? What's end up in blind? Yeah. I got a great article by Michael Moore. I don't have time to read it today. Maybe I will tomorrow. It is on our website. A citizen's appeal to a general in a time of war at home. And he writes to dear general Wesley Park and all the reasons he wants him to run. And why he would support him in yaddiotic. Pretty good. Pretty good stuff. Michael Moore, he'd be the best. Jimmy, Brasslin, how'd you like that column? Let me, I want to read that last paragraph. What's a great paragraph. That this American government of bigots from the low IQ states can run over our bill of rights. Grabbing somebody with no warning in the dark hours is a terrorist act by Psalm singers. The only way to defend yourself is to vote them out. Those who don't are fans of fascism. How do you like that? Nice going, Jimmy, Brasslin. You understand? You stop all things track of everyone. I'll be knocking on your door, Jimmy. Watch out. Excellent thing. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's dear field Beach, hello. Dear field. Are you sure? I'm going to like the red one. I'm going to name to your brother. I got it. To end the dice. And you dice Clay. A little bit late. You say George, a little bit late like about 20 years to late. A little bit. But 10 anyway. He's old news man. He's old. Old mashed taters. 560560. How's that coming? Jack Nicholson. I think wins hands down my pants. Who's the coolest of them all? Jack got 55. Clint Eastwood 34. Johnny Dev 34. Hugh Haffner 31. Bill Clinton 26. Christopher Walk in 21. I got 18. I got 18 big ones baby. Right. George Carl in 17. Robert did the 017. Scott's the Rals got 12. Oh man. I passed him like he was standing still. Stoop dug you dog 10. Michael more 6 George Rodriguez 5. You're right on Michael more Zass. Steve Tyler 5. David Beckham the soccer dude's got 4 Dennis Hopper 4. John Waters 3 and Joe Perry's got 3. I don't think I'm going to 5 votes. Not too shabby. I got 18 man. I was cool as a hip-a-potemist fart. Josh Factson said regarding what things you can put marriage to William. Well I've done it's dark here today and it's so unusual. It's depressing. Josh's marijuana is fat and alcohol soluble meaning that the active ingredient marijuana THC will dissolve and fat and alcohol he has putting beer in your bag actually makes you less high. It stinks too. Oh. Viren your bag. Yeah. To that end you can simmer marijuana in butter for about 15 minutes. Straighten the marijuana out of the butter and throw it out. Place the now green butter back in the fridge to harden back up. Every time you have a recipe calling for butter just use your new green butter. Yeah. I don't like that. I don't know yet but I'll let you know. A recipe simmer marijuana in butter for about 15 minutes. Straighten the marriage to William out of the butter and throw it out. What about throw it out? I wonder if they're using regular or premium though. Placed in that wet butter. Placed in our green butter back in the fridge to harden back up. Every time you have a recipe calling for butter just use your new green butter. It's Irish man. I like it. It's like eating Irish spring. All as I also mentioned is alcohol soluble. Soaks and marijuana in vodka for beauty is Josh's. Take out the marijuana shake up the vodka. Now you've got some liquor that luck you're on suspecting friends and their asses. Josh's. I think I had a lot of fun in college at least. Looked that way from the fridge. I'm cool. Yeah. Oh. You only wish you she could remember. In fact, maybe it's better than he doesn't remember. You know what I'm saying? What is sure is a lot of dicho activity on his playboy's. He's not right. Better fouls discussing features and no one wants to see him. I think that Zimfar plane the skin suit there. I think I thought it was the pant flute. Well, he's got a lot more time now to play it. Now that he's not doing it off in games anymore. Here's the call from Pompano. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I'd like to go ahead and vote for Dennis Leary. Dennis Leary is good. That's a good choice. Sure. He was the James Dean of the 90s. Oh, James Dean of the 90s. Sure. Mark Laugh Pepper. You pick. Okay. Thanks. Thank you. He was doing so well. Oh, Claude Pepper. You pick. Okay. Thanks. He was doing so well. Claude Pepper's in the U of Pickham Laugh Fields. Dennis Leary is good. Why do you have to run away with it with a corny material? I was bad. Dennis Leary is great. Your material was pretty lame. I was like, I less talk up. I have to have to play that. What we really do but I won't. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. We need your money for abandoned pev rescue and you get your best meal CDs. 2002 2003 and your more Howard David. All the crap you could unwrap. He changed. Another good stuff. Wednesdays the next van hit and we'll get a. I think it's around. It would help tell us tomorrow. Wouldn't it be nice to have like a one day advance? No, you're asking for it. I see. The Reins been asking for it for a long time. She ain't given it. That's why she's in there hanging out with Moe with the headline. She'll take anything. Here's the call from P Ryan. Hello. Retire. Retire. Retire. Retire. I told parents that he sees not ready yet. Here's Pompano. Hello. Pompano. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Hey, first time long time. All right. Hey, I have two things. For the poll as far as the pit of the coolness. Yes. Yes sir. Dennis from. From. And why PD Blue. Okay. I'll put him on here. I'm not. I'm not that blown away, but I'll put him on. Okay. And lastly, it's great to know that I have a reason for my CRS disease with this. Damn cell phone. Take care. Okay. 560, 560. 560. 560. Don't forget to use your cell phone too much. You're going to become a scene. And then you'll be able to call this show. Is that what it takes? Is that what we require? Sure. Would exploit a lot. It would. Yeah. A lot of the cell phone calls. We got a little bit more like that. It's not their fault. Before they actually dialed it up, they were like rational reasonable people. And all of the sudden they started sticking that thing to their ear. They stuck it in their ear, man. Oh, look at that. Look at this. Feel it slips. Your lips. I'm not taking any chances after that previous episode. But the way the recall has been postponed or something. The California recall. Yeah. Oh, I'm out. Get on it during the break. We'll get the latest in the dress. Let me get on. Is on CNN right now as I speak. While I'm watching all this pornography. Shame on me. Hold on. A voter's ballot not being counted. Then the other voting systems used in California. So the conclusion that they have drawn is as that. As a result of that, there is unequal treatment, which is a violation of a 14th Amendment to the Constitution. How do you like that? Well, hanging Chad ballots, the caused the 2000th kind of regime Florida. They got the same problem and some of the counties in California. The candidates will continue their campaigning, whether they will revise it somewhat. Governor Gray Davis has already put out a statement saying for the moment he's going to continue his campaign as if the recall is going forward. Of course, as we found out seven days is an eternity. Oftentimes seven days means nothing in the glacial pace of the judicial system. But in this particular case, there's some obvious urgency and it's just a question of where the appeal lands. All right, a Bob Frank. I'd like to add a little. Do you think it's odd? Yeah, good luck, Toronto. Sounds like it might need it. 19 till 2 at 5. 60 WKAM. Hey, if you're fat, if you're sick and tear it up being out of shape and let's hard chicken, diabetic or right on the verge of it, here is the answer you might be looking for. Everybody in their brothers tried every day on the sun. All of us fat people. You know that. And if you failed on all the other ones for whatever the reason, this might be the answer you've been searching for for a long time for a coolant zage balance for life. Beast, what do you say? He's down to an hour. He's lost about 600 pounds. Too 52. Okay, so that's like. Right. And he's back on it. He's doing it because you know, this is his last chance. He's going to be dead. There's no cooking, no shopping, no clean, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting. Just great. Unbelievable results. You'll watch that wait, sir. It's falling off. I'm a scale with just a matter of days because balance for life is based on the zone diet. It really works. It's complicated principles in it. You have to worry about figuring anything up because they do all that work for you. All they do is deliver right to your door a little black sack every day. Those are the only two things you have to do is reach out and grab your sack and number two. Fill out the little menu once a week that's got your choices. Two choices for each meal and snack every day that you're on a program. And all the food is fresh, delicious. They would have best ingredients. They've got chicken dishes and beef and omelettes and frutatas and really nifty stuff. And everything like I said is the best ingredients money can buy. Nothing prefabricated, nothing frozen or artificial anything at all. So if you want to lose that way, finally, get yourself in the shape and extend your life. Call balance for life today and let them help you do it. Call 9-5-4-5-6-832-29. That's 9-5-4-5-6-832-29. We're getting more info about it on their website balance for life.com. Bye bye. Hey, local. This is 4-20-564. You're way too way, yeah. There was a no farmer who lived on Iran. He sat in the middle just shaking his fist at some boys who were down by the brick. They're feeding the water, they're hands on their marbles and blapings and had past 4. They're came a young lady. She looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ripples and laces and white-floppy done. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin. While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling, Reptucing litter from yesterday's hunch. While the girl in the middle was rubbing her eyes at the pillow, Down by the dark, he looked like a man with a size of bull home in the country with a big fence out front. If he asked her phone like they she'd show him her little pet dog who was subject to fit. And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands with a movement so quick. And then she'd bend over and suck down his candy so tasty made of butter, And then he's spread whipped cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf. If you think this is dirty, you can go to yourself. 147 at 560WQM here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Niel. Yes, ma'am. How are you today? I'm doing great. I'm just in for your foot and also a question for you. The suggestion is Robert Sands. Who? Robert Sands. From Led Zeppelin. Robert Plan? Yes. Okay. And I have a question. Have you been to Vancouver Island? No, never been to Vancouver, period. Never been to BC. Okay. I'm just curious. Okay. Thank you, Niel. Have a great day. Bye. If you say Robert Plan, if you're hands, all right. All right. I'll get all Ben out of shape. I'm just curious what the consensus is. Sure, put them on there. I didn't see the mad dog on her last time I checked. Is he on there? Maybe slip through the cracks. Did Robert do well and Jim Mandage and then his Lary and then his Dave Robert All slip through the cracks. I would have. Yeah. I didn't know we were putting him on there. Okay. We were not. Jim Mandage. Well, Mandage got to be on there. If you and I can be on there and not. Well, he sure is hell. It was a lot cooler than we are. The mad dog. Am I right? Oh, right. So here's the story. A federal appeals court has blocked the October 7th, California, Recall. By the way, I have a little lunch. All right. I don't have a. We're. Mm-hmm. No, not John weiner. All right. What a grotesque thought that is. So you want to go about clearance. He not only is he like a unit, but he hangs out with people of similar. Although John weiner was married. I don't know. Well, think to what. A federal appeals court has blocked the October 7th, California, Recall. But state is order for seven days to allow an appeal. The ruling from the 9th, US Circuit Court of Appeals follows a hearing last week in which the ACU sought a post-bumb of the vote. The ACU argued that election officials stood up more time replace antiquated voting machines in several California counties. If Monday's ruling stands, the recall vote will be moved to March of 2004. How do you like that? Peter Reggone. A spokesman for the California governor. I did a great Davis campaign. Said the governor in his campaign will keep moving forward till it's settled. It's in the court's hands. Regggone said, we'd be pleased by anything that tends to be greater in a franchisement of the state of California, California. Got a yati. And LA Times pool published on Friday, well we know this is on our website. Showed that the support for the recall is down to 50% 47% saying they would vote to keep Davis. I mean, it's like razor thin margin. I think he's going to keep his ass in or how do you like that? Great. To which say anything to subvert the will of the right wing lunatics, or I try to follow the electorate by stealing election after election, flow right da, California, etc. And so on. It's called dictatorship is what it's called. Like Jimmy Greslin said, fascism. What's the Arnold going to say? Hello. Yeah, what? He's going to come to three real quick. Here's Miami. Hello. Georgia the Fag. Okay. Great. Georgia the Fag. You're an asshole. Tell us something we don't know. Okay. Schmuck. The whisperer again. We're going to find his ass. And destroy it. Not all of them just the ass. Here's Volca, hello. Volca. Leo, hi. How you doing? Okay. I guess I want to hear. I'll have all the key thristers of the stones. Uh, no. Even now even McJagger would put on it. Oh, no. Oh, oh. And he's a butt plug tycoon now. Who's that? Nick. I'll make a picture and up to be a prick. Why is that? Nick. Oh, just a way that he treats me. And he's all greedy and uh, just all these stories. What did you call him? I came here into that concert for free. You don't have to shout here. Well, that was one. Yeah. I'll just up until then. All these stories kept coming out. So it'll reduce. You want to put that. David Boy on there. But you weren't had to put. Uh, McJagger. You're a great train. Didn't even boys in old troll. Are you kidding? Oh, Queen. God. But he's on there. You know, he has a wife. I have so doesn't so did McJagger. What else is that prove, okay? So did Alton John for about two minutes. Yeah. Good. Golly Miss Molly. So she realized what that nob was supposed to be a penis. That's why words that big glasses are making see it. 152 at 560 WQA. It's been said that everything you do, the big things see the small things. Even everyday things can change the world at least some small way. This idea that everything you do has the ability to affect somebody else is something that people have Vermont teddy bear company really believe in. It's one of the many reasons they put so much attention and pride in the air. Little bear that they make. They want you to feel confident that when you send a Vermont teddy bear, you're sending gift that will bring somebody love and fun into somebody's day and be cherished for a lifetime. Sending a Vermont teddy bear is as easy as calling 1-800-829-bear or visiting Vermont teddy bear.com. Send a Vermont teddy bear to surprise somebody on their birthday. Welcome a new baby, right? Somebody who's under the weather feel a lot better. Whatever the reason a location Vermont teddy bears are a fun creative way to make difference in somebody's day. So call 12 free 1-800-829-bear.com that will need a new toy to decal or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com. That's 1-800-829-B-E-A-R. I bet the local of these 65-60s, the rain is on your head. You and... New Rogers. Michaelizer? Two rain-ziser. It took it two rings to answer. What are you doing over there? I'm sorry, so I just couldn't reach the phone. Michael, we need to roll. One rain-ziser, we've been over this. I'm sorry. Get on the ball over there. Okay, what are you all hung over up with your mighty dick? Who's her? The hockey kids. Oh, the N.I. Mighty Ducks. Oh, what a successful story that was ever so- Tell it. Tell it. Well, that team is terrible. So they're in the Stanley Cup finals. What does that mean? Well, they're in the championship of the nation. Oh, I say that. I'm not in the sport anyway. I'm not a poor mouse. Or not. Forget about the Ducks. It's a stupid name anyway. Who came up with it? Well, I did, so we remember we had that. Oh, I can't. I'll blow. And I see you hanging out with that straight brim on your head. You look like a wall on. Next to Charlie Sheen. No, no, no, no, that was a million. That's the best. The star of my spirit. It's the same kid. Terrible. The mighty Ducks hit. I mean, they're really entertaining. It's great. And we don't know. You can't air up out the dick. What? Hang on a minute. Yes, sir. Oh. Oh. Oh, my god. What the hell is wrong with you, Raymas? Oh, not you, will boss. You're almost white. Yeah, I'm pale, boss. Oh, handsome, bad, Johnny. Some bad Chinese. Yeah, better downtown, boss, Link. Link's a panda. Whenever boss, I got to go. I get away from me. I think like a brewery. Oh, my god. Oh, come on. I don't get it. Yes, sir. Well, things are going very well over here. You know, we have the mighty ducks in the Stanley Cup final. They're all solemn. And we also have the Finding Nemo movie, which is doing very fair. Yeah, let me read my little lecture questions. Yes, why do I have a check for $4 million on my desk? And the thing made $70 million, what kind of deal do we have with XR? Well, we sort of. Oh, I think you're doing. I think I'll poop that sound bump. Oh, you're pooping yourself. We best get out of the office, we are my own mother. My own mother, I need to zip up in here. I see. You get there. You can't up to me, I am. And it is. And it is. I told you the south of X. I came to the name of that thing anyway. What's a name to name? Yeah, we gotta keep it. Make it done. The meets is... The meets is... What are meets? Leets is... What a one-mouth! That just... my... That... Are you correct to me? No, no, sir. That's good. I hate it. Think I'm getting a walk-ball. Got it. Okay, how are we doing on the... Coolest of Mold. I don't see Mad Dog under yet, by the way. He's gonna get porked off. Yeah. The technicals in 70, Jack Wins' hands down. And nobody can touch old Jack. Johnny Depp 42, Clint Eastwood 38. You have 36, Bill Clinton 31. I got 27. Comedy vote. Christopher Walken 24, De Nero 21. George Carl and 20. Scott for else got 15. Snoop Doggy dogs are 11. Now, how many's George got? And George got 7. Yeah, so that... That ain't too bad. There. Any two good? Bye bye bye! This is better. Then sex. Yeah, no.