with the sword of his place. Episode of the Reckon! There. I'm a goose dancer. I'm a goose dancer. With my blinder's home. I'm there in my salon. I'm a goose dancer. I'm a goose dancer. I'm a boolean, my hands down. I'm a closet gay. And the band broke the gay horror. When a leasing the rose, we get a horror now. A Christian rap queen guy who lacks a few issues work in my eyes. I'm a fantasy day, a re-champoor. I'm a goose dancer. I'm a goose dancer. I'm a serpent board on the line. I'm lacking all the time. I'm a goose dancer. I'm a goose dancer. A little laughter now. I think it was right for the deal. Those kids act and smile. Anybody who just do their ass off. I'm almost out of breath. I'm a cowardly, mushy, foundrins. I'm a goose dancer. I'm a goose dancer. I'm a goose dancer. I'm a goose dancer. That's right, gentlemen. A goose dancer. I follow the line. I'm a goose dancer. I'm a goose skipper. A goose dancer. I'm a goose dancer. I'm a goose dancer. We're comfortable now. That'll be a little bit bad. You hear coming center of the baroo's. Fact America baby. No, no. Oh, my God. I don't know three and five, 60, nobody, if you have happy Thursday too. Yes, that we started with a story about a severed head on the show. Sizing with my skirt every day with a story about a severed head. We can. Man slices off head and supermarket suicide. Oh! To a hand is bird. A South African man is died trying to cut off his own head with a butcher's band saw and him made your supermarket police say. Superintendent Jane Nakers said the shop bright checkers store and Richard's bay had been ready to close on Monday when a man wanted it in headed for the meat department. He just walked in went to the bandsaw machine and switched it on. Naked with towed rotors. Apparently he knew what he was doing. He put his neck to the blade and cut it about halfway through. About halfway through before he fell to the floor. Nakers said the man later identified a study when he wrote a manual gumbie with pronounced at the scene. He said police had turned up no motor for the suicide which stuns staff and shoppers at the store in northern Cualzulu, Naital Province. How did he like that? suicide by a rotor blade. A band saw machine. That's an awful way to do it. We have my high marks for that. Okay for original right. Well they made for cutting meat. Speak in a high marks for originality. There was a note in the book of Brian Package yesterday. Any mixed in excellent thought. This is of ever noticed Greg Reed walks through the door like a ready young. And I never really quite thought of it. But now that you mentioned it, folks, you're absolutely correct. I'm so really correct. With almost, she certainly had a much better hairdo. She's still alive, nobody else. We're back in one of those deals again. Don't know. I have no idea. I don't think so. Okay, so I have no idea. So why do I say I don't think so when I don't know? Good movie, Gatica with Ethan Hawke and Uma Thurman and Gorvidal and Who else was in Jim. Jude Law, he's good. Pretty good. I give it about eight on a scale of ten. You don't agree? I give it about seven. Because you're talking about endings and this is another one of those. I was in Gorvidal. I'm talking about endings. Yeah, I haven't gotten to that. But you will. And that's the, that was my problem with that. It was good all the way along until in the end was kind of like, hey. Well, what did you want to happen to me? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. It was just a little flat for me. No. On people, people argue, desparados out there, or do queens. I mean, and ladies out there, they were all whipped up into a frenzy about seeing Tammoleyn's ass on the smallville two episodes ago. And all you saw was like a little, a little flash of a cheek. Am I not even even his. In this movie, Ethan Hawke is like naked about half of the movie. I would say that that we see any frontal nudity. But I'm not that I really cared about that because as much as I like Ethan Hawke, you know, what's the big deal with that? But I just mentioned that in passing. I thought it was pretty good. I give it an eight. So that was my movie that I yesterday. I can't these two days. It's just too much to absorb all at the same time. Here's our pull from yesterday, who are the most pathetic creatures. Big fat slabs. See this goes to show you the lack of compassion. Yeah. What are you laughing about? Yeah. I agree with it. But it's a lack of compassion in the party. And the ones who vote for this, of course, are ones who are not the big fat slabs. Correct. When I say big fat slabs, I could be included in that category. But I generally think of people who are much bigger and better than I am. You're a piker. You used to be. I mean, I'm a fat slob, but I'm a big fat slob like I used to be. We saw different. Mm-hmm. But we have so many big fat slabs. And what I started to say is that their victims of this disease, the fat is a disease. There's no mistake about it. And you, doctor, is man. You, doctor, is not only all over the world, have failed the public. You failed miserably because they haven't got any idea about anything to do with diet and nutrition. And that's why people like Bob Ackon's rest in peace. And a few other doctors and people who aren't even real doctors. That's why they wrote a bunch of books and made millions of dollars because everybody in their brother is desperate. We're desperate. We really want to look beautiful and to just like Ethan Hawke naked, you know? But it can happen. And then, of course, we have people on the other side like toti fields and share Shirley with the leaders. Oh, fat is beautiful. How's toti feeling? Anybody see her labor? No. Shirley tweeters. That was her thing. Oh, fat is beautiful. Part of that whole. Oh, God. That real sick twisted thing. Big fat slabs, 225 votes. Sports talk groupies, 213. Law Cabinet Republicans, 212, right on her ass. Law Cabinet Republicans, we didn't put on there too much later. And, of course, that was Eric Spall. That's what Carlos said. Remember? I said that. And there were a hell of a zid. If we had had that on the beginning, that would have won self-hating faggots. In fact, if I were to had that on the beginning, that would have been my vote. I voted for people who, what did I vote for? I guess sports talk groupies. Oh, no. I voted for Tot Show Chronix. Big fat slabs, 225. Sports talk groupies, 213. Law Cabinet Republicans, 212. People who watch golf, 164. Tot Show Chronix, 152. Autograph pounds 147. The PETA people, the ones who want them to change the name of the city in Hamburg, New York. PETA? Yeah, those people, 114. I mean, I'm an animal lover. Oh, and by the way, speaking of animal lover, it's nice to my close personal friend, Moe. And you better, you better adopt different attitude, Mr. What? They had the QM ratings party last night? Yeah. You didn't even bond with Moe. Moe has agreed out of the generosity of his heart, mainly because he likes the charity I think. Abandoned per rescue. He's a dog person. He can't be all bands. But what you say, it's part of these grotesque things that you said. You know, back last year when he wanted them to fire your ass, if I would have just been a little bit more, you know, if you wouldn't have that other kid on the way. Can you a carl. Carlos, can you imagine a great rapport we can have with Moe at this point? That only that. But I could be sitting together the roof. There you go. Making some really big money like a George. Take off those checkered pants. But anyway, I'm always agreed to let us make a Moe keychain with some drop-ins. That's one of my favorites. I'm right there. And of course, certainly on a keychain will be. And when some others, six or seven other great ones. So thanks Moe. Those two show you. And like I said, you better lighten up a couple of notches. Okay, because we're going to have to go a co-exist here for a while. Alright. You have to be a little more enthusiastic than that, Mr. So we'll have the best of which we'll cover two years. Would you better start working on that right now? And then Moe, you know, Moe, will take your time. You know, Moe, I'm going to tell you something. If a whole world was as lazy as you are, get off your duck. Okay. Once in your life, get off your duck and put this crap about well. You know, there's nothing hurry. You guys have to show to do. Duck. Get off your duck. Right. Get with it. I can't stand these daughters who just can't get around to do anything. You know, the people at fly reel all over the radar and refer to somebody might notice that they were taking a paycheck. Get with it, Moe. Freepers 55. Gepers creepers. We really hate those creepers. If you don't know what creepers are, they're assholes. They're peeple at professionally. Go from pole to pole. They alert each other like on newsmax.com. They alert each other. Oh, you better freak this pole. Now there was load up the pole with our viewpoint. Whatever, you know, and and and distort the outcome of the pole. Now, I'm sure that there must be liberal creepers too. I'm not supposed to. But I don't see that much of them. But but the right wingers, there's psychotic. Any pole have to do with bush with gun control. Forget about it. I mean, a ho brother. They just go abeashment. They start alerting each other and they start getting the messages on their websites. And they're running around this pole and clicking it on and full 80 billion times. A Freepers 55. Computer nerds 24 and people who play golf 16. That was yesterday's pool. And since we've been moving intensively, we've got to know what. Why not do another movie intensive pull this week, right? I mean today. Sure. This is a tough one. We are having a tough time coming up with and I've got three on there. Is all we got so far. Hmm. Did you have other ones? I did, but I wanted to let people names and stuff that maybe somebody else had heard of. Oh, and this business, this Steve came business. I'm going to tell you people at the Harold and the Sun Sennel. First of all, the story is switching every five minutes. Oh, he's off the. He's off at diversity committee. First of all, that diversity committee is one guy was quoted as saying, hasn't got a guy of the intensity invented it. Number two, it's a farce. They got a little Brian Craig on the. I'm surprised they don't have Nick Lawrence on her as well. Steve and his little entourage and his buddy Marty Rubenstein, who he showed for Ronnie here on his talk show. And nobody listens to that show anyway. But at least he's getting some great publicity, which is what he's all about. And he has to do one thing about the soft floor to media. The bigger a publicity how you are, the more publicity they'll give you. It was the same with Bob Cunz. It's the same with Mr. ego. It's the make-ad difference. How wacko you are. How predictable you are. And here's the guy who you could fit his whole audience into a phone booth at cemetery village, which is about the right demographic. And it just pages and pages about, well, he's the end ward and that to be with Michael Mayo. And I can't be at, well, guess what, they don't know if they can farm for that diversity board who gives a crap. But in the meantime, the story about the Howard County Commission passing that resolution condemning the paper act and guaranteeing the freedoms of the people of the and that still has got not one more ward on either a newspaper. In fact, never did get one ward in a herald and I know it. And a son sent me a sticks of on there at 1159 on Tuesday night to make sure there was under for like one minute to lay a switch over the next day so they could bury it. Who are you? Who do you? People take your kid, huh? Anybody with an IQ big enough to read newspaper knows that they get nothing but swollen propaganda from the South Florida rags. 913 is 560 WQM. Mothers days this Sunday in the folks that Vermont Teddy Urban busy hand making some really great new bears for you. Your mom, wife and grandma, does there something extra special this year? Show them how much you appreciate them by sending an authentic Vermont teddy bear Shover C.V. Beautiful bear personalized just for her and delivered with a free card in gourmet candy and a colorful gift box. They got great bears like the spa mob bear, mom's biggest fan bear or the new queen for a day bear and who would want to be queen for at least a day anyway. That's it's your job to get a gift from the kids every year and the mother and cup said is perfect. At as many cups as you need with the names imported red on little outfits. This is a hell of a lot more creative and thoughtful and sending flowers which are dead in no time at all and these great little bears will last a lifetime. So call today 1-800-829 bear and a friendly bear counsel will help you take a rare bear just for mom so she'll know you put some real thought in your gift. You won't believe the reaction you'll get ordering is quick it's easy. Call toll free today and be sure to tell that old meal totally to call 1-800-829 bear or shop online if you like it for Montetit bear dot com. This year thank mom for all she does for you with a Vermont teddy bear 1-800-829 B-E-A-R My life and love this is for 25-60 You way can weigh yeah The baby Oh You Oh Oh Oh You're a good woman Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Will you die Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh My face is still rolling Oh Oh Oh Come sit Take it I'll walk down I'll drop this baby Oh The ground Do the same record You Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh I'm losing my with Oh Oh The baby Dango's a fat Oh Oh And I pulled it up the window Oh, I knew you'd drop the fire The night is not baby, I know you're a fool I look better by a machine of art You're a fool And I might just let it go I said, wait, we all too school My my records You're a fool, it's daily woo woo My my records go, oh my things All right, you're a fool, it's baby, but I'm your home Go ahead, drop it, we don't care 19, it's 5, 60, it's over to Q, I am Here's the poll today, which movie had the best or most shocking ending See, any movie can be good to the entire movie But a painting is bad, and it's kind of sour The experience and you're wondering, what did I just waste Like an hour and 45 minutes or two hours of watching How the ending sucks? Right, and we've only got three on list Happiness, if they could be that one Of how many people have seen that Happiness, the ending is just a P in the pants and dozing The hitter, which again, I don't think that many people have seen that Moving to the ending is a pretty bizarre And a boy in his dog What's the ending is pretty sweet If you ask me Here's a lady in Miami, hello Hi, I called you before you asked that specific question But I've got two really bad women movies Recent out Road to position, I thought, was like a Disney land version of the Godfather And sightings was so insulting to the intelligence With those guys in the rubber suits looking like aliens It was laughable I'm going to flip coin, it's so great Maybe last night I'm American history X, have you seen that? No Oh my God Good movie Very good Yeah And is it a new movie? Yeah, I think it's new, yeah Look, that new couple three years, at least Oh, amazing Oh, listen, I'm not making any more of a list Because I've got, I've got, I've got a pile up to the ceiling And I'm living room to watch now Well, it's so politically incorrect I love it, about race relations Right And of course, at the end it redeems itself And has to be politically correct But there's, you know, point to what they're saying Okay Death and Venice, you have to see that You have to see that again With Dirk Bowdoards What is it? Death and Venice Oh, death and Venice, I would never watch that again That's the most depressing, the most more Why do I have to see that again? I think it's a very strange thing Just grab the kid and kiss him on a cheek Or something or stick your tongue on his throat But we have to go through like two hours of Excruciating pain while Dirk Bowdoards Chasing this little, scrawny, queeny kid In this, through this piece of Venice And then come to find out the kid's got a boyfriend already Anyhow Oh, it's so, and then in the end he just dies They're on a beachy's right in the middle He's a daily life, you know, Dirk Bowdoards Well, believe me, he could never have been that piece of crap That was one of the most depressing movie If you're somebody's out there ready to commit suicide Right, and put their head on a rotor blade Then they definitely want to watch this first They have to see that back to back to recrym with a dream There you go Have a great day Here's a fact that says Have you ever seen death and Venice? No, don't Oh, I mean, oh, it's just morbid and depressing Make you want to do either kill somebody else or blow your brains out Back from somebody for a lot of days Says yesterday, turn the radio on my car on 515pm And guess who's jubbering and jabbering away on 940 Dennis DeCathlete Rating and raving about his favorite topic, Neil Rogers On 940 Sports, what does that mean? He's asking why Qm gets a pass when Neil calls women Bitches, his spanx, spix and black sniggers which I don't And my a columnist horcers, a panel called black people Niggers, you got the wrong talk host Dennis And the money hurricanes to her coons Dennis morning I turned on moment guilty And then that asshole Dennis is on again trying to make a correlation Between what would be like if we could bring Hitler on a radio Because there's no difference between Neil's humor And how the drones who listen to radio probably would think Hitler's stuff was funny Right, oh my god, get some help Dennis Get you some help, you know this how every now and then There'd be like a little low with these people And then they come back with a frenzy So they're even with a habit of bad week Maybe he got upset because we had those stories about the altar boys and the priest again this week Me with that said I'm off once again. Can't handle the truth, can you then this? No, if he... Anyway the hot couples contest is starting to pick up a little bit We had...we got about 10 now About And at last one there with the skinheaded guy in his lady I think that one might be a contender Indeed Anyway, I'd say I want to pick like one or start like influencing Because the people have from next Thursday Next Thursday is the deadline Again in Europe pictures the hot couple contest Just go to our website and email us a picture of yourselves And they got till Thursday may 15th week from the day And they put the pictures and then Next Thursday will put them on a website and the audience Can vote who's the hottest couple And Thursday may 22th the couple with the most votes wins Wednesday 3day 2 nights stay for 2 at the Royal Oasis Resort And Casino in a Bahamas with round trip air For unlike a rare and they're running out of it So they're there for 2 at the pizza loft And maybe can you come to the Just Ponytail even though it's not Who knows they'll be hung it on the wall And we do this each month for three months May June and Julio is what we're going to be doing What movie has the best of the most shocking ending Happyness to hit your our boy and his dog and him will end it list We're going to build it You got it Carlos? We got it Because everyone says a lot of stress and pressure on these pulls when we build it Nah Join at least in Orlando there is Join Joe Costello noona to today at the singular wildestore Look at it at 63 11 north Andrews Avenue in Cyprus Great strap by and get your free Marlins to get to the night's game and interest No and we're just into one of the trip for 2 to the major league baseball Midseason Classic and a skybox party at the pro player a pp a park Okay, all these things They just don't get the hint do they nobody care oh and speak of nobody cares How about that Minnesota wild how how how how do you pound event cover again last night five to one i'd love it Nobody cares about hockey der ratings not only in the US and ABC but the CBC ratings are way way down The National hockey league is in big trouble the hump are concerned told you so but he don't even know the reasons why But they're in big trouble deep doo doo ice god Gary bet menu idiot Here's a call for Miami hello Come on Beauty five six seven oh five sixty maybe that was Dennis's boyfriend you think He has what or his priest here's Bokie hello Hey Neil how you doing okay sir you know you're the soundtrack you got the hoist that We're on Jones No, yeah If you could you know I'm a doi doi doi doi doi doi if you could cut out no we can't five six seven oh five sixty what movie has a best of the most shocking ending of all time That's our pull question today and we invite you to add to it if you want to call make guttable sounds do it on the some of the show Okay, do you want to Mr. Ego show he needs your calls he needs the publicity Here's a call from Lake Worth hello Hey Neil, are you doing okay sir great topic. I love movies with good endings There aren't two not a list what's that I said they really aren't them. I mean, maybe there are but we just can't take him a whole bunch of them Well, I got a few that that I like I don't know if you'd like to learn Wait, let me read you the question again because when you see you've got a few That's a problem for me because what not what 20 movies had the best endings what movie had the best And most shocking ending of all time Okay, then then I would go with fight club What is it fight or fight club? Yeah, oh That would that would be my one Or any okay, thanks fight club with the brand pit I didn't see it. I wouldn't buy it. I saw the year what it was all about on the premise to me How maybe the ending was great. Oh, bother the ending was was The ending was what ruined it for me really yeah Let's see WIT news reported about our kind of commission voting on the Patriot Act also were holding a pool I wasn't we agree with the acts as Barbara sorry I can't call it versus Barbara. Thank you. Thanks Barbara Here to see again. They're sending us the list. I don't want to list. I don't lie This is why this is what screws up our effort to do these things is because we're asking it I know it's not easy always to pick one. Okay? Right right like the floor yesterday was difficult Which is why there were about four or five categories that were like a nippin tuck and side by each The usual suspects have put that on there. We got two people already said usual suspects says without question now. What was that movie? That was the Kevin Spacey To hold the two gangs it we qualify certainly I'm trying to think of our scene that probably not you would know you would have talked about it Then he's why it's not horizontal because it's memorable. It was a good movie Okay, because somebody here's got like a half a dozen how what's the point? What is the point? You silly people off there See how many movies I can name yeah I'll no better net. I'll just get this 800 page book I got it on the floor with 40 pounds by time on book and I'll just go from my hard part to a zebra You know from eight is eight just tear the pages out and feed them into the facts Which narrow it down to one? Okay, that's the idea which one had the best the most dramatic the most bizarre to wildest ending of all time usual suspects we added to it. Okay 927 at five 60 nobody QMNO talk is cheap and season through on a lot of really appealing low numbers Well, it comes right down to it. What can you really get refinanced at five percent four percent? How about 2.45 With financial group with interest rates of 2.45 percent or really is your best bet and it's rock solid too Coffin at your group right now toll free at 1 800 940 land interest rates of it all time low So why not refinance your home or buy a new home and take advantage of a sure thing and credibly low rate 2.45 percent with financial group and we'll get you amazingly low payments every month for example If you have a 200 thousand alone you pay only 786 bucks a month if you have a hundred thousand alone You pay only $393 a month so get yourself 2.45 percent financing from the financial group Callment 1 800 940 land that's financial group 1 800 940 LE and the there were equal housing lender Credit restrictions apply and rates are subject to change monthly 5.34 APR 5.OOOh So She's a bird that's being met. Cheryl Crow is a roar down high. Just singing and firewood. Cheryl Crow is a white and cold. To the village losers. Every day you can hear her whining. I'm not going to put a pie. Cheryl Crow. I couldn't even know we aren't taking votes yet on a pole. You got it, bein' a boy? I don't want to get into another big thing. It's just a fun. Somebody else here would list of a bunch of them puts the usual suspects. I'm not going to put a pie. The ending of pie is the greatest. It's bizarre, right? Well, I guess I'll put it on there. Pye. Of course the problem with this pole is we can't tell what it is otherwise you'll never go see the movie. We'll spoil it if everybody. We can't do it. Right? Exactly. I mean, you can give us, you know, just in general terms, but I mean, don't give away the ending unless you want everybody to make sure they don't watch it. You're not going to be happy and I'm not going to be happy. There's no way that any movie ever made before, since or in a future will it's just ain't going to happen. There couldn't possibly be a more hysterical, a more amazing ending than the ending in happiness. Here's a call from Kendall. Hello. Yeah, come on. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing great. Good. Good to hear that. How things are. Not the border. They're fine. Sorry, I'm going to. I love your show. I love you guys. I work in this show. Great you for time and entertaining it all. I want to add my two cents to the movie list. Mm-hmm. American beauty. Okay. I think it's got a great ending to it. You, are you going to see that? Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm asking. I'm asking George and Beater, both. Yeah, either one. The end? Sure what up. Thanks. Thanks. Good. I appreciate that. You're going to see the other beater. That's the other beater. Have a great day, pal. I've got it. I'm putting it down. I mean, this, uh, Luke Warmea, see. I'm not asking anymore. More what's the point? What? I can't be all excited about it. It had a decent ending. It wasn't like great like, uh, boy and his dog. Well, I mean, that's the one. You picked was a boy and his dog. I picked happiness. Okay. I mean, they can't. They favor everybody's going to agree with you. What do we take the polls for? To see how much they agree with me. I see. Okay. I want the audience to understand the reason we take the poll on our website. It is to see how much you ought to integrate with George. I never up until this moment. And thanks to my good friend Mark Morgan for that nice to intro. That was great. Because I've heard of see a little surprise. Oh, my gal. Huh. Keep him at our arms like. Okay. I'm a gal. But, and again, here's another list. I don't want lists. I want one. I want one. This gets really pondress. I hate when they do this. Because it tells me that they don't understand the question. Did they get it? No. The best plot twist you ever in film history has to be the ending of Psycho. What? Now, I mentioned that to you this morning that I thought because I was telling about it. Hitchcock movies is good as all of them were or most of them were. The endings were generally pretty corny. Right. Like in the rear window and north by northwest. And it was always, you know, any anchoring grant Mary's even where he's saying. And they walk off into sunset or it's Grace Kelly and the James Stewart. And everything is okay. Like the birds. I thought, what the hell is that? They're just, you know, driving away. Now, now, what was the movie where, um, oh, damn it. I just thought again, here a couple months ago. We talked about it where they were in the cave and the sun. There were sun spots. And almost everybody on a planet died. What's his name was in it from a mission impossible. Peter Graves. You never saw that movie? I'm thinking. Practically every movie like that. Where he and his family were in a cave, a hunting exploring, whatever the movie We know when it came out. It was like, uh, they've been all the, this gigantic, uh, turbulence on the sun and, uh, whatever. Right. They're not the quiet earth or something like that. No, not even close. The world according to garps is somebody. I just put them down. Okay. Yeah, whatever. You don't, you saw that? Yeah. Don't remember anything spectacular about the ending. But, uh, hey, who the hell am I? Exactly. That's, that's what a lot of people are thinking. Who the hell are you? No way out with Kevin Costner and Sean Young. The military good guy turns out to be, oops, I'm not going to be the whole thing. It says, great movie despite the cast. I don't like Kevin Costner at all, but it says, no way out. Okay. Okay. Okay. All we could end the, uh, ruin it and give the endings. Now what's this one? Uh, I, I, psycho. I'm a pun psycho on there. The ending and psycho is he sitting in a jail cell and the fly is buzzing around. And he would never, or, or, or, or, or fly. Tony Perkins. And then right there is when he reached over and tried to open up, uh, tap on his fly. Huh? And then, then, then, now that would have been a better ending than the one I had in the movie. That would have been at least a little bit exciting, you know? Plus it says, if you ever get the chance, you need to see the following movies, the insider, being John Alporeach and train spotting. I like two of those, but I don't think you will. Which two? Transpiring, I thought was great. And a being John Malkovitch was interesting, but I'm not sure if you'll, Transpiring more likely that you're seeing seeing a being as Rick Wim for a dream. Anybody see Rick Wim for a dream since we talked about it? Oh, anybody see happy? No. No. Probably not. Transpiring is not as good as Rick Wim for a dream. I really know that I can't imagine any, although I will say, if I had a separate between happiness and Rick Wim for a dream, I'd have a tough time doing it. Really? Wow. Oh, yeah. Oh, I'm telling you, you've got to get happiness. It's got all, just like Rick Wim for a dream. It's got tragedy and it's got comedy and it's got just plain total, Maroza, the pressing crap and then it's got the hysteria. I think even more so, because Rick Wim for a dream is mostly a very depressing and just keeps getting more and more depressing. So, the point where you want to boil your brains out or like in pie at the end, you want to like do the thing in your head. See, I didn't exactly say, somebody else over there did. They did what? Somebody really facts the ending of it. No, I know. So you haven't seen a movie? Not yet, but I will. Well, you want my money posted rolling his head? No, I will. Honestly, I just get waiting. Well, I don't know. It's black and white. It's good. But if you're going to see one of the two, Rick Wim for a dream is much better. Pie is okay. And you'll enjoy it because it's got the Orthodox Jewish cult in there. And they're wrapping it to fill in around their arms, the straps and the paper. I, ve, yeah, it'll bring you back. It'll bring you back some great memories of your form or count. Here's a call from Holly Woodhill. What's up, Neil? Yes, sir. This one's going to win your poll. Okay. The Shawshank Redemption. And George, I don't need to hear you mone. And you, you know what? You're here. You're the most goddamnist foring human being I've ever heard. Quit cockling. Carlos, you can do the job you're doing fine. You're going to go away. Thank you. Okay. Thanks for the call. Thanks for the call. Thanks for the call. I'm confident. George didn't know. But I was thinking, I was thinking about mone. I mean, it was a good movie, but I'll do it. Yeah, I'm lonely. You know what? Carlos is like, step right in here. Ever since ever since you were growing on American Beauty, Carlos has had a kind of like moving and full of breach here because you're so negative. Yeah. I thought you were just being negative. Carlos is more negative and a more pleasant way. No. No. He's much more negative. No. And I like I said that he's much more negative, but in a more, I don't know. In a more jovial way. Anyway, when we're going to put that pull up there, we got two, four. Now let's not put it up till about 11 o'clock. Okay. Got, are we putting his suggestion on him? Shawshan, you can mention you bet. Just because of the call. That's the one that I got. I've got it on video tape. Jason, who used to work in our sports department at QM a couple years ago. Jason gave me the tape in the everyday he would come in and watch Shawshan. Can't have a watch out and now wasn't that a prison movie? Yes. See, I'm not interested in prison movies. I just can't think of one prison movie. I've ever seen in my life that I enjoyed that I thought was good. Did there all really morbid and depressing? Was it morbid and depressing? No. Really? I mean, it had its moments of more morbidity. But it was, what did I watch for? Shindler's list or Shawshan credential? Was that why he's the one I want to watch either one of them? Oi! No more June movies. 20 to all sorry Dennis. I'm sorry I said June or Resession to say, Oh, Dennis didn't care about that. You can say, Fag, we could say a kite, I guess. Dennis wouldn't be bothered by that. Jess, calm down. Put it back in your pants. Then as you wish, steady gear. Real nervous. Everybody in town is wondering what the hell we're going to do about you. Straight jacket is a possibility. Just try to calm yourself down. Okay. I'm not going anywhere. Hey, the NLDLs keep on rolling from townway and in your parade of Halapadi at GMC. That's where you ought to be going if you want to really unbeatable deal and get treated like a human being, which is why. They've been around for over 35 years and at same great location they are legendary in South Florida. The LDL number one at Halapadi right now gets yourself 0% financing. For 60 months on every 2003 Padayak or GMC in stock. And the LDL number two gets you up to a $4,000 rebate on every $2,000, GMC in Padayak in stock. And that's where I get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 car truck in stock. And attention current in former military personnel get an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Halapadiak. Former end current military personnel. Of course, Halapadiak also got a great selection of certified pre-owned cars, person SUVs, no lemons on the lot. And if somebody else turns you down for credit, Halapadiak's the first place you ought to hit do because credit is never problem free at Halap. Even if used to work at QAM. And don't forget to stop by and test drive the old new powerful Padayak Grand Prix at Halapadiak too. Halapadiak GMC at 134-1-Soptix, he highway that's US-1 across from the falls open every day seven days a week. If you want more information on those Neil Deos called the Neil Hill Hotline toll free, it's 1-Trivalade, 534-4211. That's 1-Trivalade, 534-4211, no forget, all Neil Deos submitted to credit, ProVoltsy, D-4-D tails at Halapadiak GMC. I'm sure you'll agree with me, they really are a professional grade. We're supposed to be the 5-6-1-Suit, GMC. We're just gonna give Ricky a hold. If you blow too much, you're in trouble. The David is a Patron of Sun, the David and Fun Views. The David and Fun Rock Life Cust, We'll pay you listen and get all that buzz. We're glad it's there, this falls right in line, and it could have happened better than a time. The David and the Patron of Sun, Every day will bring you home, The David and the Patron of Sun, The David and Fun Views. I'm sure you'll get all that buzz. You'll get all that buzz. You'll get all that buzz. And it's all that buzz. I'm pretty 5-5-60, it's over to QM, which will be the best or the most shocking, bizarre ending of all time, and here's tomorrow. Arlington Road and to live in Diannele. Got him? Did you see the one of us? Nope. I need to do the eye. I'm gonna get that surprise. Arlington Road, yes, very good. Was it really? Yes, and qualifies for the poll. We're gonna let's see idea. See, and again, let me try to explain, because I do understand that we got some people out there, in case you haven't heard the show before. But we'll look away now, a little bit at IQ. And so we ask a question, and they have some of the needs to explain it to them. Not always the best movie, not always the most thrilling movie. That was the most entertaining movie, which movie had the best or most shocking ending. Because like we said before, the biggest problems with filmmakers is that they can put together a really sensational movie. In fact, some movies didn't tell if they never knew when to end it. It just goes on. And how do we end this turkey already? Well, not too bad, but how do we bring this to a conclusion? You know, just roll credits. God. You know, whatever my name is, kind of like those promos that we play on this radio station, they're getting longer and more ponders and longer, and I mean, could get this last one that we had there from the most show. What was that all about? And then the one we got for the dirty boys, there's been about two of those that sounds like they're about half of the show is on there. A clarinet's get with it, okay, you idiot. Oh, that's right after I've got tomorrow's payday. Like I said, that clarinet's is the best. Not seriously, the promos are too goddamn long. You know what I'm talking about? No. A promos was supposed to be like a short clip just a short and concise, a little tease to make people interested in my, oh, that might be interesting. Let me tune in there. Not guys just rambling on, in co-herrely about some big brush, or whatever it helps you always talking about. Good, God Almighty. And the fact that they're making excuses about that, about that book, about the Friday night thing. I've heard some of that show. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a call from Montclair, hello. Good morning. I want to say. Okay. Your racer head. Winner hands down your pants. Okay. Thanks. Your racer ready to sit down your pants. You see that? Yeah. Yeah. How many times? Three. And it doesn't have a beginning middle or end. No scene has anything to do with any other scene. How he can say that? I don't know. Most bizarre movie you'll ever see. But it doesn't have a bizarre ending. It's just bizarre. Hmm. Okay. And you've seen it? No, I haven't. Oh, I'm curious. David Lynch's first, oh, David Lynch. That's right. It's his first, it's his student film. So it makes all his other films look normal. It's his student film. You mean like a glittering holiday. A little holiday for his final exam or something. Oh, no. Who, too, to sleep strange. Okay. Let me see if I can find mine or we'll find it in my book. Just just to see what they say. Since these are suits that wrote this, he racer head. Lynch is remarkable. First feature is a true original. There's little, I told you these are suits. These are pretty suits that wrote these original. There's little in a way of a coherent story. The nervey Henry living in a sorted industrial city of Smokesteam in shadows. As forced to marry his girlfriend when she pronounces herself pregnant. He finds himself the father of an all-be-vouring in human monster. But almost like a surrealist movie. It has its own weird logic mixing black comedy concerning nuclear families in urban life, horror and sci-fi conventions and pure fantasy. Best seen is a dark nightmare about sexuality, parenthood and commitment in relationships that astounds to its expressionist sets. And photography, the startling sinister soundtrack and relentlessly imaginative fluency. Only the sequence that gives the film its name, a dream within the dream but Henry's head being locked off and turned into a pencil eraser, fails to work. And there's a small reservation for a film with so many cinematic clues. Wow, they loved it. Well, let me ask you this. If you didn't like it, why do you see it three times? I was really, really high the first two times. That's the only reason I didn't understand it because everybody else was raving about it. So I thought, all right, I'll watch it again this time of time. Sorry, I can't imagine under any circumstances watching movie three times if I didn't like it. Well, I thought maybe there's something wrong with me. I'm not understanding it. So let me watch it again. I mean, last night I'm flipping around. The hockey game was already decided. I'm flipping the channels and here's one of the movie channels is the fan with Lauren Bacal. And I watched it mainly because of the fact I hadn't seen it in years number one. And I think mainly because the guy that was stalking her, it's so good. Man, I can't think of what his name was. I was a captive audience who was a group thing. You never saw the fan? No, I mean, I always saw it a long time ago. So I forgot what the guy looks like and that. I'm not asking you what the guy looks like. What do you care what the guy looks like? I want to start getting trapped into those mysterious types that everybody's calling you back. It now here it is the fan with there were different remains of the movie. The fan. Robert De Nero and Wesley Snipes and Benicio del Toro. Why the hell did there's another movie that definitely did not need to be remade. 1981 Lauren Bacal, James Garner, Marine Stapleton. So she got bushered up pretty good in there. And what's the guy's name? Michael Bean. Is that the guy's name? Michael Bean. Kelly Bean. No, but is that his name? The one I was a stalker? Yes. How do you know that? You said you forgot who the hell a guy was? But I know about it. Five, six, six. Is he speaking in code today or something? Bina Boy is he like up to some kind of tricks? Don't forget the, I'm all Howard David of Keychain is going to be available. Now, when we're going to be able to do this stuff, how long does it take month or so? Month or so. So we're going for like some time in a summer. Do you enjoy something like that? And then we'll just leave it on our website in perpetuity. Okay. Now who's going to handle the, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. Here's the call from Hialia. Hello. Hello. Hello. Okay, sir. I don't know if I qualify as a shocking, but definitely the door is she could water. Okay. Anybody see it? Oh, God. I'm missing. I'm not, I didn't see it. I'm asking these veners if either one of our sub, the answer is no. It's definitely the door. I don't know about shocking. Okay. Well, I mean, either, uh, mixture of math. Thanks. Thank you. Jake is later. We got it on there. Got it. I heard about it. Somebody ruined it for me. It's got a twist and, well, what happened? Well, I can't tell you. Well, it's not like we're promoting people are going to go out to their blockbuster. Oh, no. And then don't go to blockbuster anyway. Get your, uh, DVD someplace else in your video. Because they edit, I never got a chance to came and write you the end of the show yesterday. That facts from somebody about how they were buying movies at blockbusters and, um, and they noticed that certain things that were like, great out the certain body parts, and they called the story and said, Oh, well, we, uh, we edit all of our movies for a best for the most enjoyable family viewing. Uh, if I want to, you'll buy a movie or when a movie, I don't want to ask whole censoring and deciding why I can see what I can't see. In fact, has not already been done? Yeah. When they give them movie to whatever rating they give it hasn't, they're already been a certain amount of censorship. Yeah. Good enough. Stuff is getting through that rating system. I might not for Schluckbuster or Schluckbuster can take all our guy name movies and stuff, I'm up there as, I'd be like that. I wouldn't go into blockbuster again if you're paid me by the second. And thank God, I don't know if they're up here or not. I don't see any blockbusters here. HMP, have you ever seen HMP store? No. Oh, huge. And there's sands which is kind of H&K coming. Because they let her run down, but the HMP is all over town and big chain. Just a selection like he wouldn't believe on two floors. With escalators, the whole deal, and just every CD, every DVD, every video that's ever been made just about a separate Edward and Bob Roberts. And you keep bringing your mind me to order those. Sorry. Here's a call from Pokéllo. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. The suggestion I had was another movie that should have never been remade. And maybe by today's standards it seems kind of like a tea trick, but I was completely blown away as a kid when I watched a planet of the age. So first time. The end of that is just, you said me over the edge. I saw, but I remember what the end of the movie was. Thank you. The end of the movie. He sees some relics from, well, he sees the statue of the movie. Everybody knows. He finds the statue of liberty. Yeah. I guess he had to be there, huh? Yeah. Anyway, the only complaint I have about yourself is you're nearly hard enough on mo. That guy is a militant temple on the face. I'm not hard enough on mo. What would you like me to do? Murder him? Well, that's the first time I've ever heard that. I'm not hard enough on the mo. My story funny. I did the guy is despicable. I'll do the limpada on and pray with you. Anyway, love your show. Got to go. Okay, everything. I see we're like lightning up on mo. Little do what we do to key chain. Take in the after we get that thing out there and sell a whole bunch of. And then we'll go back and rip them in. Huh? We're not going to lighten up a little bit. He understands the relationship. I like all of a sudden bond and never come friendly. I think it's a little bit too late for that if you catch my drift. Yeah. I already ordered my pants. I like to warm it to lime green and one leg in the other. And then the checkered ass. That's my favorite. As you'll see here again. Here's a list. Here's a list. Basic, genre-volta, Sam Jackson. Very new movie. Huh? Very new movie. I don't think many people are going to have seen that. Thone booth. Colin Feral, key for Sutherland. I can't stand key for Sutherland. He just, uh, uh, something about him. Just down there. I haven't seen it. Time will fear. Ed Norton is actually the killer. Oops. I mean, good. Sorry. Fram will fear, but Ed Norton is actually the killer. Oops. Well, I'm just reading off the page. Okay. How many movies can these people go out there by anyway? But actually, movie. Never wins the movie, right? That's the whole reason to watch the movie. Well, I see. And American Psycho? Uh, they, they, they, they, we, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. You got primal fear on there? Got it. The original Dutch version of the vanishing. Not a Hollywood remake. I've never been able to see the second time. I gave me a permanent case of claustrophobia. He is absolutely correct. The vanishing, the original Dutch version of the vanishing. I think I've seen that. Pretty sure. Surprise. 560560. So anyway, in primal fear at the end. Ha, ha, ha, ha. Ralph Norton is really the murderer. Remember, Norton? Norton. 557560 WQAM. What's a schedule for today? We got the usual schedule. Maddog at one hank is a three today from these seminal ideas. And I, I, ve. Oh, brother. Pink is going to feel like a teenager in that place. These seminals and Hollywood are going to be doing a show. 603 Marlins on direct the giants at the Marlins. 705 to see if they can extend their losing streak to six. The big. Oh, at one o'clock at what 10 o'clock and then do a Mark overnight. Come on. Work on that show, Joe. Work on that show, Joe. I'm arquit with it. Put you up a little bit. You know, mother's day is kind of this Sunday and this year is a pleasure with a gift of relaxation from the air retreat spa and wellness studio where she'll enjoy a true spa experience. The interview treats spa and wellness studios offering a great mother's day packet for just 99 bucks. Mom journey will begin at her arrival, where professional license that members will greet her with soft music, candlelight and hot tea. She'll receive a relaxing revitalizing facial, followed by a massage decided to relieve all stress and her neck back and shoulders. All of these things for just 99 bucks. The interview treats spa and wellness studios located at 7206 Riverside Driving Cross Springs right next door to the outback steakhouse. For more information call 954-34162-20 mentioned WBQAM and the first 25 people receive a freeer room of therapy, candle or organic specially soap and a soap pouch with their mother's day package. Their located in Cross Springs at 7206 Riverside Drive like I said, right next early prestigious outback steakhouse, column at 954-34162-20. Don't forget this year do something different and really enjoyable for mom with a true spa experience at the inner retreat spa and wellness studio. This is sports waiting for license. You way, yeah. The old girl. Oh, that's me, Skylos. Me and Jorge are sick. I take their place. Oh, I forget to pay open bit. Today we put them at pole. The pole will be your favorite operating system. What is your favorite operating system? Windows 87, Windows 95, Windows 98, 200 NTE, Windows XP, Commons XP, Windows Mini wöl. OnSt Yanika CLaD1, the field was distributed now. I don't do his whimbley! I hate you! I hate you too! I hate you too! Please, grenade hit me! Well, they got me there! That'll tell you, that's a preview of things to come. So where's Panktars? Talk at Enmecline, McLean? Plunk it in McLean. And I looked it up in a book, and just to make sure I was spelling it right because I did put it on there. Because he writes a whole page of Kaka which you already saw about how great it was. And for entertaining. But I'm reading a review in just the last part. Who's in this movie? The Filer. Lift Tyler. Lift Tyler. He says, of course we moved for the wound. I don't want to read the whole thing. We moved for the boy since Carlisle Miller of an easy rapport. But the plotting's fumbled. Tyler is given little to do. Scott's sidelined filmy is fudged. And McLean, the frankly upbeat last year was almost on censical. They didn't like it. They hated it. Almost non censical. Rich Panktars loved it though. Yeah, it was so so. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. What movie had the best or most shocking ending of all time? Somebody said no way out. These are the factions that you sent me earlier that I forgot about. No way out. Never saw it. Oh, we already, we already got that on right. Oh, sorry. Sorry. Excuse me. The Butler did it. That all time is scheduled. I think the Butler did it like how you're following too. Jacob. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. I haven't seen a lot of those movies on your list. This is an old movie that I've started about two years ago for the fourth time. It's real. You know, it's been in, you know, critically acclaimed. Everything. Citizen Kane, the ending of Citizen Kane. Do you remember the park where he's searching through his whole life and he becomes an old man and finally he figures out where it is and it's the slit at the end? Yeah. Yeah, other people said that George is already chuckling and torturing and making gururing sounds at the back, but I've heard that for many people. Oh, you haven't seen it? Yeah, you know, a hundred years ago, sure. Yeah. Well, I just was very surprised at the ending. I don't know. You know, he's searching through his whole life to find out what it's all about and just the stupid slit. I was, I was, yeah, exactly. I was hoping the ending would come a lot sooner than it did. Okay. All right. I'll put it down then. No, no, we're going to put it down. A lot of people would agree with you. Thanks. Okay. So, see, don't be defensive just because George has given you a hard time. So far, George, other than a boy in his dog, he don't like any of these. That's not true. Including Eve once he hasn't seen yet. Well, no, you are pretty judgmental, okay? Yeah. Excuse me. Well, if you ask Carlos, Carlos, I'm sure we're agreeing. Yeah. I see, I told you. I know he'd agree. You know, it was a good form to just incase. Well, well, we have heard that from many people before about the amazing ending. Oh, yeah. I'll be honest with you, usually, because I've tried watching it more than once over the years. I just, I'm usually in a coma before a long time. Right. We get to the ending. It was shocking. All right. That's it. That's it. I waited for that. If we were passing ending, Chinatown would Jack Nicholson. Oh, it was a good movie. I liked it a lot. I don't know if the ending was surprising. We're shocking. I, I saw it so long ago. I don't remember. About a hundred years ago. They're not understanding the question. It says a classic film with a classic ending. Classic ending. Classic ending. I'm surprising or shocking. If I can finish reading the facts, Carlos, be to one side of the head real hard once. Just once. Stay down away. Get to the eye. I'll am old green. Do you know who I am? I'm old green. I made my phone when you were going out with cheerleaders. John Houston gets his pause around the young woman produced from his incestuous rape of his daughter, done away. And Jack Nicholson is just left stunned. Forget it, Jake. It's Chinatown. It says. And you say, I like the movie. Let's put it down. Who cares? It's good movie. But I don't think it qualifies for the, you know, a shocking movie. Let's make, let's just send Eric to us. We got so far because it's going to be a big, big fat list. Okay. With it without Chinatown. With Chinatown. And don't pay the attention to George. We're just letting him, you know, blow off steam. That's all. I already wrote it down. You don't have to get defensive about it. I'm just giving him instructions on how to ignore you. Oh, he knows. Works well for me. Anyway, Jerry, but he just brings us as you peaked my interest in reclume for dream. Good. Jerry, because if you see one movie this year, that, well, two movies this year, reclume for dream and happiness of the two that you ought to see. Take a couple of pills. Purple ones, green ones. Before, during and after. I got to watch reclume for dream again today. I can't, I got, I'm just Jones and for it. Watching that once is just not enough, you know? No, it's done. I'm sorry. I'm reading taxes. For those listeners who haven't read out and bought the DVD of reclume for dream, it says in this fast. Thank you, Jerry, for all this whole schedule. It'll be shown on IFC, the independent film channel five times during this month. The first one being. Next Wednesday. May 14th to 10 p.m. Thursday, the 15th to 3 in a morning. You can tape it. I don't think too many people going to be up to 3 in a morning. In fact, maybe it's said listeners are doing marketing and watching movie. 524, what they would have to be. They're kind of calendar real quick because I can't figure that out. Saturday. Saturday, May 24, 10 p.m. Sunday to 25th will be 3.15 in a morning and then the 31st will be the following Saturday. May 31st, 12, 14 in a morning. So it would be like Friday night, Saturday morning. I'm assuming. Do you think I've seen what would show it to its entirety? Yes, my not. I've never seen them chop anything. Really? No. What would they take out of it? Nothing. That's. Oh, the such stuff. They show visual portable vision. I have to see practically. No, no, not practically. They show, I've seen, uh, portable vision there. That was basic cable. Independent film channel? Yep. So what does that mean? It's premium. Like you would say or something like they won't show certain things. Yeah? My bad. It says, I have seen it's on most cable systems and it's on direct TV. My choice for the best movie ending is already on your pull. I agree with George of one. His dog was the best movie ending ever. So, Jared is for his one for George. I agree that movie ending was great in that. The sterico. It was, uh, I think he made the right choice. Yeah. Of course, then again, I'm, you know, look at it with the John this time with Ella Wine. And I'm a dog lover anyway. Let's see, crying game and the sixth sense. That looks like two to me. And we have those on there. Six senses good, but crying game. The part that they're finding shocking is about 20 minutes into the movie. Not the end. Oh, sixth sense. Okay. Let's put that on our given one out too. Here's one that says this is only available on the HS, but it'll be released on DVD August 5th compared to all the other 80s team movies. It has a real, a very real and shocking ending. Not a happy ending like most of the 80s team movies. Yeah, who do I want to happy ending all the time? It's so predictable, you know? I mean, there's sometimes when you demand a happy ending when the audience just, which is why of course in the last, I don't know what, 10, 15 years. They've made more and more movies with different endings when you buy the DVD. Whichever ending is going to make you happy. Which is so stupid, you know? I mean, that would be like writing a book. And then, well, the last chapter in the book, we got 15 different versions depending on what kind of, what color build you're taking today. Right away, right away, the book. Yeah, if you like that ending, how about this one? Right. The last American version, 19 need to. That's what I saw it, so I don't remember how it ended. It says, sure it starts out like any other team movie of that wonderful era of the adolescent 80s, but it takes a few dips in mood all within 80 soundtracks from the time. When the main character ends up losing the girl of his dreams to a much more sexual friend, if you are making it a lump in the throat, but it's not over yet or make it a lump in his pants. For the next 30 minutes he comforts the girl when she's dumped and impregnated by the so-called friend. You get the feeling maybe they'll live quietly a graphic considering they grow so close, feeding off each other's feelings of rejection. But wait, it's still not over yet. Now it's just, huh? Now in the final five minutes of the film, there may be the staple huge party, but as our hero walks into a room, yaddy-yaddy-yaddy-kozan, I remember. Final credits roll instantly over a shock-facial, I'm not going to tell you what is. A complete down or in a pretty, a typical, okay, Ashland. So let's get that under last American urge. Got it? Got it? Got it? Okay. And we're going to get this pull up there now because we certainly got a whole crappler to these, right? Wait, you can only imagine by the end of the show probably have about 500 minutes. That's okay. Keep certain people busy, keep model-of-at-the-food-binous. Because the one thing that people can't stand to worst in the audience based on yesterday's poll is big fat slabs. People just nauseated by it. They're disgusted by it. They're revolted. These are the most pathetic creatures on the far we feel bad for them. I feel bad for me. Because all I got is this 3035 pounds desperate. I want to lose it. I can't do it. Can't stop the fat. Can't do it. I've done everything but stand on my head up and everything but do the light post-suction and the stomach stapling. I'm not going to do it in that stuff. Look what it did for Josh Friedman, by the way. stomach stapling. I think what they did was him is they cleaned out the previous 400 pounds and made way for the new 600. From what I'm here and is not correct, a new batch. Yeah, I knew, there go what I ran and ran crap again. Anyway, speaking of what we're talking about, speaking of big fat slabs, balance for life is something you're sure ought to think about. If you're frustrated and you've tried all the other diets and they just don't work for you. I've always told you not every diet is good for everybody. Everybody's different. Balance for life is working for tons of people. Old pony tailor, but it just gonna be delighted to regain your wisdom. Is of all the way he lost on balance for life? The thing that makes it the easiest is you don't have to pick anything out of them from the menu that they send you. They have two choices for each meal and that's it. You don't have to shop. You don't have to count calories or carbs. You don't have to cook or do anything except just go to your door. Open up that baby every morning and right there at your doorstep by six o'clock is your little black sack. And that's the key to lose in a weight. In your black sack, there are three delicious gourmet meals, two delicious snacks. And that's the food you'll have for the entire day and believe me by the attorney. You won't be hungry. You won't be starving. There are no perfect heat like portions like most of the other programs. Three delicious full meals with all kinds of fresh goodies in their chicken dishes and fish dishes. I would have you like like I said to get two choice of free to meal every day that you're on a program. And the weight pours off your body because it's all based on the zone diet. So here's the opportunity for you to really lose the weight of delicious and painless way with balance for life. If you've frustrated from all the other diets that have a work for you, give this one a try. Oh to yourself to do it. Here's the number to call balance for life. It's 9504 56683229. That's 9504 56683229. You'll start seeing results within days or check them out on the web if you like it. Balance for life that cost. My life and local. We are sports radio 5668. You weigh him. Oh, I'm ready. Give me the number for 911. This woman has to be gone for last bit. I was kidding. It's a big building place. It's not important right now. Do my assunance. You're the latest big Friday. I was traveling with my up to a hell of Beijing last night. All in Dr. Howard, Dr. Vying, Dr. Howard. The brain's affected all my knee's once neglected. And my wrist to my knee to taste you as with stars. It's a burning effort. Medically and burning blood. No more than it is. And some people like dead. It's not a day, they're a shock. I hope it doesn't matter my head. He's a sick man. This is where I think people come. I'm going to go. I've been jumping. Where's the regulator? There. It's being a great step. Filming of stars is the biggest in the sky. I was trinomalded far through a Norwegian-relational night. But we're safe for now. Think of this where it'll go, you know. Filming of stars. All right, we're one. Now you got the wrong number. Filming of stars. I just got a good check. I took a look over at our pool here. Eric has a little at a tour of comment that it says everybody likes a good pool now. And then he'll know a section. And note, although you're opinion does matter to us. The real reason we take these pools is to see how many of you have re-fit your perch. Oh god. You guys are going to get started again. Are you? Good. You just leave me out. Leave me out of it. I'm going to have a stroke. Okay. I want another one. Yeah, that's probably the reason we take the pools is to see how many people think that your just right or if he's full of crap. Yeah, we got so many faxes here. And I got faxes up the ass. We're going to help worse than one of our here. It is from Claudia. She says it's been a long time since I saw happiness. But I do remember the ending. Which I'm not going to use the expression you don't because we give you. Don't want to know that doesn't take anything with your scene on there. It doesn't take. It says we rented it after seeing the director or a slideswriters other film in the company of men. Well, he also did. He also was the director of welcome to the lighthouse, which somebody recommended yesterday. Says the guy really blew his line between black comedy and social commentary really well. I'm not sure if I would recommend to the company of men to you. The interesting thing is the writer of these and really disturbing the great Broadway play, which I can't remember the name of is he's a Mormon. Todd Solons, SO L-O-N-D-Z. He says, you know, the guy's where the special underwear and you tell he's really interesting guy and a great writer and Claudia says, Planet of the Apes. This is her choice. Holders up. These six senses got five votes. It just went up. Usual suspects four and it just, you know, what's the point of, and then we'll see if you agree with Georgina. I'd better you happen as does get a lot of votes and probably because not too many people have seen it, right? Right? Which doesn't prove anything other than not too many people. The popular movie is going to wind up winning this. Right. That's the problem. Here's a fact that says when I was a teenager in 76 or 7, my friends and I went to see Kerry in a pack theater, when Kerry's arm popped out of the ground at the end, oh, you know what another one is? Deliverance. Okay. Don't you remember John Voight is finally home? Uh-huh. I don't want to say what it was, but I remember. This guy's reminded me of that. Deliverance. Let's get that on there. Of course. Anyway, um, and grab the girl visiting your grave and a scene that I'll probably turn out to be a dream sequence. The entire theater, Schmidt their pants. As Luffy would say, and Daly Brasco, I think I should make my pants. You know, I think that was the only good line he had in the movie. That's why they kept repeating it. I feel bad for Al Pacino because he's so great. And it's his own choice. Sometimes people just, you know, take bad rules. And they stuff him in their suitcase or in their bag and they take him home to the condo. Based on the element of surprise, I had to give Kiri my vote for best ending. None of us saw it coming. Hey, Kiri, you got it? Got it. I'm sure I saw Kiri, but that's, uh, I guess I'm going to have to get that again, Chris. See, it's one thing about buying DVDs. What? You don't want to get Kiri. Dr. Volta and his Hade. Oh, no! I forgot. I said, I've already seen that. I did see it about 100 years ago. Best movie ending the Italian job. You ever heard that? Just came out. I don't even know what's out yet. You don't know if it's out yet. So, preview for the movies like on Monday. Well, the, so it's out now. Right. Well, somebody saw it. Somebody's obviously a movie guard. Don't start fooling you because we got somebody out there. I haven't seen most of these movies. I haven't been that movie intensive for years. Up until now with the DVDs. Right? Right? I felt a window above most of these. Oh, I don't care what any of us says. Happiness. You watch it this weekend and mark my words. You, you might even change your vote. You might even erase your head. And change your vote back from from the boy in his dog. Which I, yeah, I think I was one of the first people to wave on here about a boy in his dog. And what a great movie that was. Good call. And look at the cast in that movie. Not only Don Johnson, but what's his name was, and who died from booze. Great actor. I don't know. I'm talking about, uh, I can see him right now front me. I had Jason Robar. There you go. A lot of really good people. I'm like, it was great. In fact, that movie reminded me of the prisoner. Right? Right? Because they had that under ground bunkers society. Right. Anyway, here's what it says. Please know could you have to make a couple of drop-ins from the scene in happiness where John Loved from Saturday Night Live goes on his date in the beginning. Think of the movie. It's quite a date. It is quite a date. Movies with weird, uh, interesting endings. It says Donnie Darko and Lost Highway. We want to put either one of those down or nobody know. Never saw, uh, Donnie Darko. How I Donnie Bransco. Lost Highway was another David Lynch though, was just a strange all the way through. Okay. Well, anybody that puts that a bunch, we're going to have to light you know. We'll go to Committee on it. Paul says, isn't fun to the episode where Charlton has been says. Do you son of a bitch? When he sees the torture, the statue of Liberty sticking out of the ceremony, realizes he's still on earth. Do you son of a bitch? Do you know he doesn't say that. He says damn you, damn you all to help. Oh, where did that come from? Do you son of a bitch? When he was visiting WIOD that one day. Come on. He was kind enough to cut that for us. Oh, really? I don't remember that. Are you serious? I'm serious. I mean, I remember a few people doing things for a special life. All right. This is G Gordon Lydian. They don't come any worse than Neil Rogers. I don't remember that. And do it specifically for us. I think Mitch Lewis or one of the other guys had him in a production room and just asked him to, throw some lines down as it was. That was one of them. Well, I'm sure he don't remember it. No. And I'm sure G Gordon Lydian, Figuard Lydian's obsessed with me in the show by the way. She'd point that out to me. Really? Best surprise movie. I need to remove the sting. Says Mike chronic. I thought you weren't going to send me any more of his fases. I forgot. Oh, the sting? I forgot. Oh, that ended too. That was a good one. See, all head of the was mentioned. Charlton Heshten and right away, Georgia's Alzheimer's kicked in. How can the audience tell whether they agree with you and out of you forgot most of the guy damn movie? Here's Sean and Hollywood chronic who says, I think you're guy voting for a psycho. Not so much the prisoner of the fly scene, but the fact that he was his mother. Well, that's not the end of the movie scene. They're not getting it. That's not the end of the movie. The end of the movie is the end of the movie. Okay. The end of the movie is like the final scene. Final. Right. That's it. But that's it. Go home. Sean also suggests two films in case one is two obscure. Oh, he also says the Italian. How many like that? Be in her boy. Oh, it just down. It just down. What is wrong with you, man? For lack of me. She's Carlos. Yeah, let's be side to point. Yeah. He can just sit there and dump me up and we can keep playing. Or lack of me. She's Carlos. Yeah. I have him. You know, it's an old energy. Expend. Especially when you wave about 42 pounds. The Italian judge, Stray Michael Caine. Does he can't even steal Caine? Let's guess Steve Caine's more publicity. What do you say? Oh, put him out of front page of the newspapers. In fact, I think they heard in the Sunset a lot of just put his post on. And the time that he's on 24 hours a day on a website. Him in that homophobic body nevens, maybe they can do a two-man deal and a show too. How to apologize by the way. The Italian judge that's out now is a remake from a 1969. Ah. Starring Michael Caine. Right. A gang of gold robbers ends up with a escape van teetering on a mountain precipice with a million-in-gold bullion inkling the van toward death. Michael Caine says, listen, lads have got a smashing idea. And then, well, I'm not going to be the rest. The witness for the prosecution's during Charles Lawton and Marlena Dietrich. But we don't have anybody old enough for that, Sean. As the ending credits roll on an answer, ask the audience not to reveal to their friends the bizarre courtroom ending. I think like that. Wow, get started. Guess that must be it. Huh? Okay. Witness for the prosecutor was that by 1869, if you put a civil war, don't let me let us go. Thanks, Sean. I bet you'll see that the Eastman House in Rochester. Yeah, what would you do when you went to Rochester? You go to the Eastman House. You can't go to Don and Bob's anymore because they're out of Venice. You can't go to Vic and Irves anymore. I'm pretty- whatever happened with the Vic and Irves that was post-opened down there. Did it finally open? Huh? With the Rochester White Heights and the garbage plate and all that good stuff? Paint, seen, learn. Ah, be damned. Well, how would you see it? You live in Hollywood and Rollers old yenthus? Oh, I got some good bedtime stories too. I'm going to get bogged down this because we're going to have a list of about 7,000 movies. Go let me forget a few of these that I want to put on here. Like, Arianna Huffington, I'll tell you when she's good, she's great. And then every now and then she just drops off the deep end for some of these. She's kind of strange. But she writes some good stuff. For example, the president's 77% solution. I'm going to read a couple of bedtime stories today. I don't think I'd be the last thing I do. Don't forget join our close personal friends, Joe Costello, who used to be so damn good. Remember those days? Mm-hmm. He was really good. Well, that's what they say. Joel will be noon to two at the Singular Wireless Tour, 6311 North Andrews, Heaven and Cyprus Creek, stop by to get some free Marlon tickets to the night's game. We're just going to win a trip for two of the immediately baseball. Why can't they just say the all-star game? And a skybox party at the pro, who writes this crap, Miguel? Yes. Idiot. I'm going to give you a star. And I don't want to give a star. I'm going to impregnate him too. Huh? Come back. Better watch your uh... Back to him. Back side sweetheart. Oh yeah, well he wants to get it. I'm going to give it to him. I'm going to give everything I got. Which ain't much. What a pussy man. What a, oh, I got so many lines. I can use now but I need the job. Him and George Corso. What a match man. Ordinarily would you think the two of them had anything in all our common? Yeah. I wouldn't. What? Red next? Right wing. 27 past 10. If I see a guy like that right wing again, that's like using the end word. That's what Mr. E. M. I mean, that's so stupid. You know, if you're going to call somebody right wing, that's equivalent to calling somebody left this or liberal. Okay. That's all. Like a lot of common and offer conservative. Has nothing to do with the word. Nigger. I mean, that's just what, totally. He put it in there to get a lot of publicity. Nice going Steve. I'll work. That's all I can tell you. It worked like a charm. Got him just tons and tons of publicity. And he still won't have any audience. 28 past 10 if you weigh him. If you're in a dead end job, man. If you're working on a radio station that nobody knows where to find it on the dial. Let's got no audience. If you're like working for peanuts, here's the answer for you. Get yourself trained for a brand new high-pain computer job. And a computer industry is continuing to go through the roof. There's no end in sight. Call our friends at fast training. Get trained in just four short months. They can give you the training. You need to get yourself a really high-pain fat paycheck job. Call 1-866 fast train. They're for convenient day eating weekend classes. Check them out on the web if you're like a fast train.com. And say goodbye to your boss once and for all of those craffles you're working with. And that really meaningless job. Call fast train today. They got locations all over town. So there's body one convenient to where you live. They're in Miami, Kindle, Pemper Pines, and Fort Larderdale. And when you call fast train, tell the tide wreck is an asshole. And refuses to do anything to service this account. Imagine his name several times. Just say it over and over again. Todd wreck is an asshole. And don't forget to register at fast train. Now come to get your free American flag bumper sticker too. Call fast train today and get yourself under road or real serious job. And a career in a life. 1-866 fast train. Mom and low Alt zich is broadcasted with radio Mandarin. 2-866 Torrellan and Kapru was found at Fryambain. Check if he took you out Entre at Seattle. IV A child, … I remember as a child growing up in Wales. You couldn't keep me away from the piano. Did you say Wales? Isn't Catherine's either Jones from Wales? I think so. But I... Lord, that woman is hot. I mean, when she's pregnant, you just want to do her. Yes, and that's fine. No good. Michael Douglas could ever have begged her if he wasn't famous. I mean, come on, he's like 60 or something. Look, I thought we might discuss my work with Meatloaf Songwriter, Jim Steinman. Are you f***ing? I bet sometimes while you're in bed, but they're just lying there thinking, oh, he's f***ing... I am dangly gathering Zeta Jones. Perhaps you'd find my contribution to the Footless soundtrack worthy of your program. Yeah, yeah, yeah, footlooses, great. Good for you, Catherine. Bonnet. Hey, you were see her around, you know, in Wales. I'm not interested in Catherine's either Jones. Oh, come on. I bet even women won a piece of her. I think she holds tremendous appeal to both sexes. Bloody hell, I'm going away now! Didn't you already do that? That can 1985? Anyway, it's a big juicy shopping went look at show business tonight on its side to behind. Temperature of 560 WDC, here's Angel Hard. You put that down? Yes. When Ricky worked realises he was hired by Lucifer to find out that he had died many years ago and sold us all to the devil. I have it live on somebody else's body and the landshot is him and I'm elevated going down to hell. I groaned it, I guess, huh? Sorry, Mickey. Angel Hard. We have two taxes that both came in like almost side by each, which is very strange. Both saying the crying game for best ending. It's not the ending. It's 20 minutes into the movie. There's nothing at all about the ending. She has a penis and you find out 20 minutes into the freaking movie. Is he going to penis? Yes. You call that a penis? Well. Many people have asked me that. Seriously, we're not going to put that down, I guess. More confused people, although it does say for the best ending with exclamation points, but they just don't get it. We're not talking about in between in the middle. That part right before you get up and walk out. I'll look at that. There's necessarily the ending. Like for example, at movie talk radio that Eric Bagojan piece of crap, I think the part right before you walk out is after the opening credits start. That's the smart time to get up and walk out. I can't look at him. I watch and look at him. When you start looking at your watch, you know that the movie already blows. That's like one step away just getting up and walking out is looking at your watch. How much longer can this piece of swivel possibly last? Oh, look at this from USA today. This is terrible. Tick it on a president's family? The wine house didn't return phone calls yesterday, but the president and first lady must be reeling over Aston-Cutcher's comments about their twin daughters in the new Rolling Stone magazine. The shaggy-haired TV star tells the magazine that he met Barbara and Jenna Bush. Now 21 into part a year and a half ago, and the sisters along with a secret service agent went back to his place afterward. The bushes were underage drinking in my house when I checked outside. One of the secret service guys asked me if they'd be spending the night. I said no. I go upstairs to see another friend. I can smell the green, marijuana, watching out under his door. I open the door and there he is smoking out the bush twins on his hookah. And his hookah. But I haven't played that beast thing a long time because we're on the outs with him. Did he call her a hookah? Kutcher wasn't a father genic when they because the article didn't say what was being smoked or who was doing the smoking since spokeswoman Leslie Sloan Zelnik. Right. Right. And his hookah. Did I say, she's a hookah? She was a Freudian slut. Well whatever, I guess we'll have to play the wrong song. You know the beast is a fat tub and hopeless and we just, you know, we just give up. We throw up. We just throw ours up and here we washed ourselves clean from me. Okay. So we try to understand this. We feel real bad about it, don't we? I do. What movie had the, how about be your boy? You feel bad about the beast? Uh, yeah. There you go. No. What movie had the best or most shocking ending of all time? Sixth sense had 20 votes. Usual suspects 19, planted with your grapes eight, Shawshank redemption eight, no way out eight. American beauty seven, Chinatown for that you were pooping. I should point out you were pooping it. What I like to movie, it just didn't have a shocking ending. Arlington wrote for happiness has got three. Let's hear it. One of those votes is mine and I'm so pleased as much last American virgin three. Citizen Gaines got a couple. The racer has got a couple. One is dogs got two. So the real battle on here is between my choice and virgin choice. I got three and he's got two. Of course I've seen both movies new haven't. Right. How much of the hatred has never been votes? You think? Don't look. It's got at least one. I'm looking. It's got one. I just don't think many people saw that. They have a great great movie. All the way through. I mean you talk about a chill or you talk about bright, great acting, see Thomas Howell, work your hour, what's the six name? Jennifer Jason Lee. Right. And a really close to right all the way through. I put it in the same category only much more intense as dual. Within a sweeper that I was talking about. Very good guys chasing him with the truck. Same kind of thing. The tension just keeps building all the way through out. They just can't escape the guy when he gets the French fries. The diner that to me. I mean you talk about putting new meaning into expression finger food. It's just it's a great thing. The hitter. I'm trying to do a favor for the audience. They gave me a whole bunch of movies to go on by the DVDs. Which I did. I spent a fortune and I'm delighted. Because so far all of them have been good except for bully. And I was judged as false and be envy and be an aboy. Let's play it on Carlos. Because he was the one who really sold me on it. Oh yeah. He's got it. So I'll get lost. Didn't you both get peddle me a bill of goods on it? Hey, I was honest about why. It's suck. Okay. Was okay for you but not for me. I'm not interested in seeing ugly guys naked. No? They were not bringing them to the top of the side. No, I don't think so. I think we had a few people out there to watch the ugly guy. I mean a good looking guy's naked. And let me see it again. If you go to get Gadaka, you'll see Ethan Hawken there and naked as a jabber. You see his ass, which I don't really care about. But a lot of people out there that do that. They're really, they're so desperate. They're like the guy in an opening scene of happiness. There's that desperate. In fact, all of the people in that movie or for desperate, all you desperate people out there that could get laid and answered him. Believe me, happiness will have extra meaning for it. Because almost nobody in there can get an end. Except in the middle of the movie, Turdian Benghazara finally banged some old bag in the condo. Just yeah, just for kicks. Here's a call from sunrise, though. Well, yes sir. My personal God. How is this because of the SARS? SARS is doing great. My fever is 142. I can't wait for you to return back down south. And I'm going to read all over everybody, man. I'm going to show up in the middle of the day when they least expected and just exhale. I was thinking maybe even broke a boner behind could do a bit on that. You know, you go back down there and affect them. Everybody, you could hit that bit. I'm an infected bit. Yeah, that's not bad. In fact, that's going to be on the more Howard David of key chain I should put out. Oh, I really, really is. I'm in Texas. I'm in Texas. It's going to be on there. Absolutely. Can you imagine how that thing is going to sell? I think it's going to sell like, Hall of Eye in Manhattan. It is. It should. I listen. I got one for you and you're pulled to. Okay. I was thinking of a shocking ending when the shock me was easy writer. Peter Fonda. Well, just the ending. No, I'm not saying he was shock him just saying he was in. Yeah, I would agree with that. In fact, I just saw that a couple weeks ago on TV just to buy accident. Yeah, I was thinking, you know, even that's one that the back door of the inner boys would know about. And George says, of course. He says, of course. And crime be a boy says. Yeah, he's got you. Yeah. Have a great day, Pally. You too. See you. Easy writer, give him a list. Okay. I'm not saying that you're a great list. These are movies with a best of the most tracking ending. I'm not necessarily the best movies. See, this is part of the problem. You have separating of putting a big floodlight on the real question. Okay, I've separating the wheat from the chief. I kind of thought the ending and David does now. So wasn't too bad either. The score is court. It had a wild end. Yeah, pod that finish. We already did that on the best corner. We'll be a long time, but the problem is that in recent years, it makes the very difficult. There was nobody knows the names anymore. They have names. He said, see more butts. I mean, yeah, they do have names, but they're all for their so-day many of them. Now, the such a glut. Well, although it probably will change in next few months once the attorney general outlaws all right. Starts out, cover up the breast on the statue, and then, of course, they're going to come to your home under the Patriot Act and take a while at your porno. I just mentioned that in passing, all you ask those there at the Sun's Sentinel and the Amami Herald. I've ever talked about the time I picked up that guy. I'm on the street. This is many years ago on Viscaine Boulevard from the Amami Herald. I've ever tell you that story? No. True story. 1041 is fine. Any follow me home, and any got lost and never, never actually hooked up with him. Or probably just as well. With Mother's Day around the corner, that sounds bizarre to me. We're both down on Viscaine Boulevard. This is a way way back in the mid-70s. Cruising. Like I've had about 2.30 in a morning. Desperate. You know, and I know you're lying for that is going to be a must of it. Anyway, dial my press once and say to that Mother's Day is coming up just a few days away. It's a perfect time to repay mom who spent so many sleepless nights just pacing the floor. Wandering if you're ever going to show your ass up again. Dial my press is about the perfect mattress for you and for your mom. If it's saggy, if it's lumpy worn out, and I'm thinking about my mother. I'm thinking saggy is the word. Then pick up the phone and call that a mattress toll free at 1-800-MATTR-ES. They've got the complete line of seaweed. What is it? Sealy, sir, the King Corlan Simmons. That's what I said. And you certainly don't want mom's to think on something that you wouldn't put your ass on. So, it'll put it off on more minute, especially with time run and out. Nothing's got a bigger impact on your life each and every day than a great night's sleep. These are the only people I use and you ought to be doing the same. Now, a mattress gets more repeat and more throw customers than anybody because they know how to treat their customers and I guarantee I bet you may get a life on it. Once you buy a mattress and a mattress, you'll never go back to the old fashioned way of sluffing the showrooms and wasting time and money again. And don't forget when you do buy a mattress and a mattress, they'll set up the new one and take away the crappy old bedding for free. That is correct. Dial my press sets up the new one and takes away the old, sir, and nasty, stain worn out bedding for free. So, this mother's day had mommy sleepin like a baby on her brand new bed from a mattress. Gift you to forget to be able to in all denominations. So, call right now, toll free, 1-800 mattress, 1-800-MATTRES for dollar mattress. The easy, the intelligent way to get you a great night's sleep. And low, this is for radio-by-60. In what in the hallway have? Neil, God! This is Tom Rock-Hye, every day I leave. The intelligent Bob Hope is celebrating his 100th birthday. Recently, I sat down with the Sanctuary Inn for a retrospective animal vegetarian chili that took its toll on both of us. Bob has been a hanker ride. Pardon me. You think you'll ever perform again? Yes. Ah, it's you back here too, ah, is it true? It's true. It's true that you just sleep with the ladies with whom you work. What was in that chili, Bob? Bob, I'll give you a name. You give me a first thing, a pops-in-eat head and my right. That was my clinic. Well, I'll make it. Bob, do you give that many of your representatives? Yeah, that's just right. Alright, Bob, I realize it might be S.E. Yeah, I'm Chris, very, very. But you think you could tell us your favorite joke after over the years. Yeah, I have. Yeah, I have. Well, I'm it. I have. Well, I'm it. I have. Well, I'm it. Just right. Ah, that's what my favorite spot, very funny. This Tom Rock-Hye for Emissary News. 1040, you know what I say? It was because in all different steric and so it's that when I had a mechanism. Yeah. You didn't like it? I like it. 14 before I love to talk to you. We have to pass everything by George now to see whether it means his squeal of approval. It's about her. That's what Eric says. He says, we only take the poll to find out whether you agree with your taste is his marginal as George's. And sometimes it is something to date. It's not our fact. Let's see how happy this end of boy is dog-a-doin right now. I don't have no problem. A boy in his dog. They're tied with each. They're tied by each. Area and a hopping in rights. The president's 77% solution in the LA Times. 77% for weeks now those three little words are served as the ultimate discussion stopper. A conversational coup de gra. With the roughered up on TV talks shows are tossed across dining room tables. That magic number, the president's robust post-war job approval rating has been as effective at crawling any disagreement with abortion administrations. It's selectively velcroced foreign policies or its suicidal task cuts as a laser-graded bunkerbuster bomb. 77% the president is triumphant. 77% the president can do no wrong end of discussion end of democratic debate or so-botion his handlers, perfectly hope. Only it's not. It's just the beginning. For starters, majority's can be in very, very often have been dead wrong. For instance, McAurena held the top spot on the billboard single-stirter 14 straight weeks and a not even pointing out for the president that a majority voted against him in 2000. But let's put aside for the moment they'd ludicrousness of basing anything unincreasingly inaccurate opinion polls with their plummeting response rates, laughably small samplings, and precision-flouting margins of error, and take a closer look at the latest numbers. You'll see that the president isn't flying anywhere near his eyes Carl Roewood like as to believe. For one thing the latest newsweek poll the president's approval rating is already stumped to 65% of 12 point drops since the post-fall of Baghdad euphoria that boost him up in the devil's 7s, and even that pills in comparison with the 89% rating is father-sported after the Gulf War. The instability of the president's punitive popularity becomes even more apparent when the subject of the pulls a switch from the war and erected a flowering economy at home, only 49% of Americans improve a bushes handling of the economy, and more than half think he's not paying enough attention to the issue. This is a great problem for the White House because the majority of those pulled out of the country, set the economy as their top concern. I'm sure the team Bush wishes the rest of us were paying as little attention to the economy as he is. It's no wonder Roewood's struggling so lightly to make 2004 about little more than ticking a cockpit ready commander in chief. But being president hails a lot more than making tail-hook landings in order to be less-minute bombing runs on restaurants and mosques, or Saddam Husai ever sane might be hiding. It requires vision and leadership and ability to come up with a way to deal with 6% national unemployment that doesn't include hammering Congress to pass yet another tax cut for the rich, or repeating the word jobs close to 3,000 times in a single speech as the president did two weeks ago. But even if he put all that aside and focus exclusively on the endless war, the administration seems determined to wage, or at least determine to campaign on, the White House's reliance on pulling seems destined to blow up on all of our faces. Can you think of anything more preposterous and dangerous than determining matters of war and peace on the basis of public opinion surveys? Yet all indications are that Bush and Chief strategists row of our chronic pull watches and takers, a scary thought when you consider how consistently unreliable pulls are. Take the case of an LA Times poll conducted during the early days of the Iraq invasion. According to the survey, 50% of Americans were in favor of expanding the fighting in the Middle East to include Iran if it continued to develop nuclear weapons, impressive, and early dubious. Just a week after the LA Times headline-granting findings, a Gallup poll on the same subject came up with a widely a contradictory result, determining that a whopping 69% of Americans opposed an invasion of Iran, even if it was proved to be developing weapons of mass destruction-rating terrorists. So which was it? Or Americans gung-ho to take on Iran, or did the thoughts send a shiver up our collective spine? And what if the wolf-walses of the world had used the first numbers to convince Rho that a preamp to strike against Iran would be a good political move? Would the Gallup findings have been led the present to make an apology to call to the ruling idolisant Iran saying, sorry if I was my bad, but that's pulling for you. It's been an attacking opponent, a certain whether the public is in favor of requiring school kids to our uniforms. It's downright strange loviens to ask them whether they're in favor of attacking a sovereign nation, even if you're proof of rating is 100%. Good column by Ariana Huffington. She's usually got her thumb right on it. You'll tell me now it and she just goes off the deep end. Maybe that meant one time a month, you know? Here's a fact it says, how about the original planet of the apes? Son of it's in third place it's got 15 votes. Also, friality. I think they mean frilty, but they do mean bro. Is there really such a movie? Yeah, and it certainly qualifies. Really? Yes. I'll be damned. Well, let's spell it right without the extra, whatever the guy is, or I. FR-A-I-L-T-Y. Frialty. I can spell, maybe I don't know what tell us all about what it means most of the time by the game spell. There's something to good bedtime stories I'm going to get to because unfortunately we have many many people out there who don't have the time or certainly it's another segment of the audience we ignore. People don't have a computer. What are we thinking about, you know? We put all good bedtime stories on air and then we assume that everybody's going to read them on our website and we have an enormous number of people who do do do do, but what about people that don't have access to a computer? Screw them. Seriously. I think that's our bad. Oh, yes, me. Oh, I do like this, though. I'm just leaving two of these and taking the demo paper for some. U.S. is Halibut and Dealing Foods Operating Oil Fields. Contract much larger than previously known. Contract much larger than previously known. I just have a shouting that just in case somebody like care. The U.S. Army has revealed for the first time that a subsidiary of Halibut and company has a contract in capacity. We operation the Iraqi oilfield. The senior U.S. lawmakers said previously the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers had described the contract of an halibut and run by U.S. President Dictany from 1995 to 2000 as involving oil well firefighting. But on the May 2nd letter, we're applying to questions from senior Democratic lawmakers Henry Wexman. The Army said the contract also included an operation of facilities and distribution of products. Wexman, the top ranking Democrat in the House and representatives of a representative committee on government reform, aspirin, explanation on Tuesday. Your May 2nd letter indicates the contract is considerably broader in scope than previously known. The military program chief lieutenant general Robert Flowers. I'd be like that. And you can read it on the website. You don't have a computer. You're out of luck, like you said. We just don't have time. But it's pretty then distressing and disturbing because basically what it boils down to is the President and Cheney and all their boyfriends and wolfowits in the squad. The first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, the first year in the world, I mean, to bring in the history of the world, there has never been, I include Nazi Germany, I include the communist, anybody there has never been, a more brainwashed public than the American public is right now, as I'm sitting in my ass on his chair. Never. You talk about Gustav, as man, that's where those numbers come from. And when certain people go on the ear and they try to like cover their tracks, talking about, well, the conservatives, of course, we knew they'd support anything bush does, but I'm a liberal who supported the war, I don't want to mention no names of certain talk to her, oh, is, are you sure? Yeah, people like that, ought to be ashamed of himself, ought to hang his head and shame, I get to spy reports, I find out what's going on, who now is he kidding? Talk about trying to cover all bases, man, oh man, nobody's got an ass that big. He's trying to cover first, second, third base, and home, play with the same big fan, I'm a victim ass. Although I do understand he gained a lot of weight since he went out there and became a superstar. Now what we heard? Yeah, and so. 1056 at 560 WQAM, hey, I'll tell you, Brandy Shoes have been doing a lot of things right obviously, that's why I've been business for over 25 years, this year 2003 marks their 25th anniversary in the business, selling shoes, putting great shoes on your feet in South Florida. And one of the many great things they do is offer you the best selection anywhere. They got all the top names and a shoe business, they got rock ports. Echoes, Mufisto, Tyroland, Parks, S.A.S. Floshaam, you want it, they got it. And they got a big winchers, a winchers size is for you, but you are teeny- huh? Don't you remember that song home on the winch? We... Some incisors 6 to 15 women sizes 5 to 12 from very narrow of feet to very, very wide flat ones. You know, fat people have big fat, they have a shirk I told me before they do. And don't forget their professional sales staff to make sure you get a perfect good every time. And with over 40,000 pair of shoes and stock in their big fat 8,000 square foot mega store, you can bet almost anybody's life in the world that they got exactly what you're looking for in stock. And every week they have a special sale for you too to save EVM more money. Brandy shoes, 12 million North Federal High win, Pablo Bichol, been daily 99 every Sunday, 10 to 5. And right now they continue for the second consecutive week, this special sale at Brandy's will find a select group of women style naturalizes on sale. Take 20 to 60% off the regular price. So, a stop at a Brandy's or visit them on their website at Brandy's shoes. That's with a bunch of answers. Brandy's shoes.com. 5 at the local, this is 560. 320 yours. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. As the Osborne Sun jack has been admitted to a Southern California rehab center after admitting he was hooked to alcohol and drugs. Hidden microphone captured this family meeting. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 2-3. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. A-<|fi|>3-1. 1-2-1. Let's clap in the bottom with a bow. 2-3-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 2-3-1. 5-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-3-0. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. 1-1. 3-4-1. 1-2-1. 1-2-1. Please hurry. And any message you people do? 1-2-1. It's 11-1 at 5.60W to come to the house. It's 11-1 at 5.60W to come to the house. It's 11-1 at 5.60W to come to the house. It's 11-1 at 5.60W to come to the house. It's 11-1 at 5.60W to come to the house. It's 11-1 at 5.60W to come to the house. It's 11-1 at 5.60W to come to the house. It's 11-1 at 5.60W to come to the house. It's 11-1 at 5.60W to come to the house. It's 11-1 at 5.60W to come to the house. It's 11-1 at 5.60W to come to the house. It's 11-1 at 5.60W to come to the house. Good morning. It's 11-1 at 5.60W to come to the house. It's 11-1 at 5.60W to come to the house. It's 11-1 at 5.60W to come to the house. But it's 11-1 at 5. 60W to come to the house. It's 11-1 at 5.60W to come to the house. It's 15-2 at 8.70W to come to the house. Afterwards, I would to come here. I'll like art deer hunter. I guess you're when it. Lifeguard. Is that all you? Never saw how my peanut boys you guys are saying about it. Oh yeah, he's got your smile. So he's has to say Our full first today is what movie had the best or most shocking ending of all time Which one movie some people I noticed are trying to like give us more than one only one Test him okay keep it the light Six senses got and I guess we should read the list or night sure I've gone instead of doing that. I'll just read the votes because the list is you know Like our deer hunter and frailly we just put on it. They might not be on here yet, but they certainly will because Eric says We want to make sure to get all of George's the choices under two hundred and five votes a 6th and 44 usual suspects 28 10 at the age 20 Shawshank redemption 15 last American virgin 11 no way out 10 American beauty 10 Chinatown nine Arlington road nine fight club six the hitters got five I'm proud of that. I'm a Static tied with citizen came in primal fear as matter fact all these sueds will tell you that at least many them Well, tell you if it's not raging bull. They'll say that citizen came was the greatest movie of all time I guarantee you the hit your is 50,000 times better than citizen came any of the movies on this list Primal fear five boy and his dog for Ah, you move to head of me. Sorry take his letter for carry four happiness three happiness only three That's because nobody seen it your racer had to vanishing the vanishing original letter into world according to Garp has got two Donny dark O two pie has got one Yeah, he by puts a drill in his head again Well, I can't resist tell you that you're still in your watch movie. I mean it you see it really doesn't make any difference You see what I'm saying The movie is so bizarre that if it doesn't make any of his like when he shave all his hair off because he's got this like growth above his ear on his head And you really don't know what it is. You never do find out what it is And I guess in the end when he puts the drill through his head, they're really making any difference He's proud of the little the liver. It's got only one. Oh my god only one for deliverance Hello, it was a dream but even so Huh, right it still brings back some gruesome memories I'll be a tab man. You know what that reminds me of the Michael Douglas movie we were talking about yesterday With a bathtub scene Fatal attraction fatal attraction Yeah, see some of these movies they never died there's so many movies like that What the hell was the movie that I've seen 50,000 times in last two years? It's on every five minutes where the husband killed the the or student the his student And drowned her put the body in the lake. Oh, Michelle Fife or right and Harrison Ford right with her support Oh, man, what is the name of that flick? But I mean how many times can you kill somebody they just keep telling they be fused to die? You don't understand I mean someone was good to be a little like die already Well, yeah, I'd like to get home before midnight just die already and get the movie over And they're trying to get away and all of a sudden. I mean that they've shot them 14 times They've knocked their brains out when I got them sledgehammer and somehow they still manage to climb on a back of the guy They him truck or the car that they're trying to get away in and one last time they reach out, you know I'll actually the hit you the ending was kind of like that too like that But in a good way yeah, but then go on forever What was the name of that flick that Michelle Fife or Harrison Ford? That was pretty good. I'll do it in promos. It was on like every five minutes on TV The liver's only one tuck in a McLean one pie is got one witness with a prosecution one easy writer one angel heart Living the diner lay and the deer hunter lifeguard just are going up or what lies beneath That's it what lies beneath but I'm not going up with that on there no And another movie which oh the reincarnation of Peter Proud. I just the name of it just came into my mind with Michael Sarasin And what's your name I forgot the Jennifer O'Neill's and sounds right Who was also in the summer 42? I believe that was Jennifer O'Neill reincarnation Peter Proud did you see that? I thought and you don't agree with me the ending has to be on here Yes, I did okay. We incarnation of proud Peter. I'll Peter Proud Here's a call from the sunrise. Hello Hey, you know how you doing okay a couple things before I get to my movie Carlos brought up about a IFC And he thought that they cut movies in exactly the opposite Actually the opposite IFC is one of the few channels that will show NC 17 movies right and they also show the last temptation of Christ Which you know You're so there's some anxious to be cutting edge and I see that they will actually insert dirty seeds Just to investigate you to watch it. Yeah, I would see that when I was out of it I happened before again on With George said about Chinatown that's a great ending. I think it's getting votes and But he just waved through the dear hunter the dear hunter the ending of the movie It's not a big deal. They're sitting around singing God bloods America If you remember the movie the survivors That would be it now if he wants me to sing God plus American face to you on a G string up here. I'll do it They're in a bar sitting around singing God bloods America. I don't know what kind of shocking ending that is so I am looking Are you with any of these people anymore? What are you talking about? Well, I mean that's the ending So the movie I was gonna suggest was I don't know if you remember the else from about 1975 it was a good movie wasn't a great movie. It was called today of the locus With Donald Sutherland and Karen Black and British Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, the ending I mean there's a shocking Thing that's never I'm not gonna get into too much detail But a child is brutally killed which is something he usually don't see on screen Very shocking when you first see the movie. I mean, yeah, let's get that on there Thanks, take care see you dress to kill another Michael came over you say And he Dickinson died in the first like 20 minutes of the movie, right? I could never figure that out you know any time you see a movie we were like famous actors or actresses You get to feeling at least they're gonna there gonna be a life to limit all the movies surprise Look could afford not an at one But I don't remember how that ended I do it was it is just a typical see people are confusing just a good climatic ending with What we're asking which is shock surprise See an a got fatal attraction listed to which I don't know and probably get some votes, but I still want to do with that because it's it just refuses to end Same thing with Shawshank great movie, but if you didn't figure it out halfway through then a good luck to you Friday the 13th I Oh, yeah, he's Carlos just let me your comments to that please Now I like you better run Oh, yeah, he's Carlos team Look at this the bush administration is quietly altered regulations for the nation's leading job training program to allow faith based organizations to use sacred literature Such as vibles and they're federally funded programs Civilities heck of a say the new race rules blur the line between religion and government The change made by the US Labor Department last month could allow faith based group to use religious books as historical text or Inspireational stories for job seekers as long as organizations do not Priscilla ties or conduct prayer sessions. Oh This gets standard and the public is sitting back Oh, but it wasn't what in big ass jets boy you talk about macho Tell man Louise this fact says Okay, you see that you don't like it. Oh, I like that I guess some people didn't see that comment Oh Yeah, I'm not putting it on there. It's a two-loop war. I'm just going to be on this because I was disagreeing with some of these people Well, I mean, but you know, it's one thing to disagree with to be so damn You know, it's all try to find a middle ground here's one at then again. Here's two three No way out come closer than on their son there Shattered Tom barren's your and Bob Hoskins is that the one where Tom barren's your plays the clansman guy I don't know never saw it. Well, he's looking at both Did you see a dinner boy? Oh, no Shattered Can we say that on here because the first syllable where I think is the past tense of Schmidt Shattered here it is Tom barren's your Bob Hoskins Greta Sacky Satchy whatever your name, right? Joanne Wally Kilmer not Joanne Worley Joanne Wally summer people we never heard of and see it or be killed How do you like that? Oh, I could not feed or be killed when I was average man Yeah, whatever it is I thought he said he must be dead. He was big and fat and Jewish based on Richard Nealey's novel the classic nightmare Peterson's first American feature is as a credible and gripping thriller Using ambiguous clues and a complex flashback structure to draw some of the dark heart of an amnesiac maze Very now this is nothing we'll be able to think of it all Berenjur plays a wealthy architect whose life is shattered when he is wife Tunch over or cliff in their car emerging from a coma He has his face restructured but his memory of its crandle crash of any race When he tries to reassemble his life or the help of his wife or withdrawn Clear some pieces of the juice. How just won't fit? In the co-zon huh? I have seen it Knowing only what Berenjur knows we share a sense of disorientation vulnerability while Peterson's surefooted script and controlled direction as two Self-coaches Hommids for a good old fashioned adult entertainment. That sounds pretty good. Yeah, yeah, sounds like Are you watchable movie and the ending was good? It was good night shocking a good suspenseful movie Now what kind of an answer was that? Yes, or that the pull is what movie had the best or most shocking ending So I'm not putting it on there One of the way we talked about yesterday was the game Okay, I got him the other room haven't seen it yet. I guess I'll be the I'll be the one that'll be the one while that's what would Michael Douglas? Right I'll watch you today after lunch. I just want you to have a bigger lunch I'm just I don't know he just leaves me limp, you know These me limp. I Think one of his problems is he's like over exposed if he catch my drip. He's just been in the suit. No, sure thing now And any kind of a 14 movies a year just maybe a little bit too much just a little teeny tiny too much I'll tell you who else are like, but she also has made too many who was Sandra Bloc Oh, yeah, I may have like for a lot teeth of air. Just sweet her but too many just kind of down to 10 a.m Okay, huh? 1113 at 5.60. WKM Mother's Day is only days away in the foes of Vermont teddy bear have been busy hand making some great new bears for mom Your mom wife and grandma does there's something extra special this year show them just how much you appreciate them by sending an authentic Vermont teddy bear She'll receive a beautiful little bear personalized just for her and delivered with a free card in gourmet candy and a couple gift box It got great bears for you this year like the spa mob bear the mom's biggest fan bear or the new queen for a day bear And dad's please don't forget it's your job to get mom a gift from the kids and the mother and cubset is always a great idea It is many cubs you need with their names embroidered around little on fits It's a lot more creative and thoughtful and flowers in the last lifetime So call 1-800-829 bear and a friendly bear castle will help you tend to repair just for her So show know you put some real fun in your gift this year You won't believe the ration you'll get every time ordering is quick and easy to just lazy phone call 1-800-829 bear Or if you like shop online of a Montana bear dot com this year Thank mom for all she does for you. Well, they've remonted over one eight-hundred eight two nine V-E-A-R Be sure and tell them that old Neo-Torne Nicole Thank you baby We're still looking for my should go out here and finally at get a new tape In fact, right now if I see it this morning in my national post which is a horrible newspaper right now I see it He's uh, oh yeah, Santa may seek to foam at a civil war beaten but dangerous stolen millions could finance a long campaign of terror It says Iraq is right for a new kind of war a month after the fall of Baghdad Saddam is presenting his US and British conquerors with a familiar but still deadly threat like Osama Yamama before him Sodam may be battered and beaten and deep in hiding but he rains free and is doing his best to stir up crap Yesterday and Australia newspaper, but it times the two-day old paper courted message from Sodam the calls on Iraqi citizens the launches secret war against US and British forces Now occupying Iraq see if we had like live footage on air all the time At least you know here and there throughout today we could see what's really going on But I I finally turned off because I kept it on for about 20 minutes CNN I was watching out the corner of my eye. I didn't see no live scenes from Baghdad From Nazareia from diarrhea from any of these places Move along that to see okay Nothing going on that we all that we need to know about Anyway, this one facts compete around the beaches. I'd like to part in Donnie Brasca where they were talking about the diamonds and she said they were And they said they were faker for gazzy now. That's what Johnny Debson Don't know if I stole her but I think you spelled it there close. I was saying that for days and I after I saw Fugazzy fake Kind like I guess I was told Georgia that it is probably that Fugaz with pizza came from that we're always talking about I mean pizza Lots got it many other restaurants say I make it to Fugaz with pizza, which is not real pizza because it's Stuffed with onions and right spicy stuff. You know stuff here. I thought it was just a kind of cheese No, it is not it's Fugazzy Anyway, here's a fact that says my choice is the others than the cold kidman good choice Is it yeah good movie Really yep and good ending yes surprise Yeah, okay Yeah, it's got a time for discussion. It says seven with Brad Morgan Freeman a Kevin Spacey Let's him a box. I'm surprised they ended it that way With all that melatron but that wasn't the end of the movie No, I mean I was near the end In fact, I don't even remember what the end of the movie was I do that was it That wasn't it was that it yeah, the what's the part of me that was part of it. Well, yeah, I mean there's like another few minutes But that was right before then I Even even these guys don't understand the poll or not Is he guy? Oh, well good nice knowing you That's not the end of the movie. That's toward the end I mean if you're gonna start doing that then we're gonna have to go back to the beginning and start all over again You know because you're ripping a god with a hot dog thing with her the broad with a penis The ending scene of the movie it's all of the same scene You said there's a few more minutes and that scene that is the last scene. Okay, okay We'll put it on there for all the Brad Pitt fans out there. Okay, Morgan Freeman is 50,000 times the actor the Brad Pitt will But if somebody says seven oh yeah, that's someone with the Brad Pitt and right and Kevin Spacie is a 10,000 times low She can't decide what she is this week Once in the box it's a spot-shad I'm sorry you didn't say that did you Well, I mean you know everybody has seen that movie nobody's gonna go out and buy that It's his wife's heads in the box. I want to say I want to say Brad Pitt because I still have a soft spot in my heart From those earlier movies. He made when he looked really good Even though he still can't act. Oh, I haven't watched California that sitting in the other room. Maybe I'll watch that this week Okay, this weekend boy. It's gonna be heavy heavy heavy intensive viewing man. I got to catch up because I got so damn many in there And they'd better be good Glenn Gurthi. He is forward pay it forward Kevin Spacie. How long on him in the kid from six cents pay it forward? No. Well, whatever I'm not gonna argue with these people Well, if you don't argue with these people, I will have a list of 60,000 The movies on here. No, I say no. I haven't seen all these Be a boy obviously didn't see it. No, he says the strangest ending that I've seen has been mentioned yet was in the movie Magnolia Didn't say it He's up to what? Top cruises in the back. Well, Tom Cruise I can take relief. I mean, you know anything new that he would make I wouldn't go see but some of his older movies were okay You've been somebody teeny Bob movies you made bro. Okay. What was the one he made with all the other punk Senate with Ralph Machio and See Thomas Hall they outside. That was ended. Yes That was okay as moments wasn't a million extra resident Everybody was in everybody looked the Matt Dylan was in a two right to be vomit Matt Dylan is trying so hard is all career to be across between James Dean and Marlon Brando Anyway, it says a millions of fraud star waning from the sky does get much more bizarre than that. So I guess we don't need to see Magnolia I saw that part that was the end I don't know a must see movie that would probably enjoy even though it starts that it this stars that in centuries Petophile Woody Allen is the front from the 76. It's about McCarthy is of an Hollywood blacklist in era and our history Which thankfully could never be repeated. Oh wait never mind says Mark will circus in there Anyway Woody Allen plays a schmuck who poses a front for a blacklist and TV writer I saw that me took that was that was good. It was there's nothing to do with our poll today But hi you'd like that. Yeah, I did. I'm sorry if that's on its sarcastic I like this. It says definitely not a comedy though there are humans moments in thankfully Woody did not write or directed I hate the bachelor but have to many was the perfect choice of this rule I don't really care if he was in sex which or Petophile that doesn't really bother me just to find that can't stand looking at him. He just oh he's in neb But it was very it was a good movie, but he is a nebis. He's still nerdy. I don't know not in the nerds I just can't stand that whole genre of actors the nerdy nebis she went be you know We want to see wimpy we can check out some of the people are QA Oh yeah, she's got it. See can you imagine anything son of a wimpy than that? This fact is shocking Cats farm for skins in EU Am I responsible that is EU It is thought that tens of thousands possibly hundreds of thousands of cat and dog skins are traded in Europe each year Dog skins campaigner said that now is the time for national governments of the European Commission to act Europe it seems is a magnet for cat and dog fur cat blankets so the efficient out of say are good for rheumatism Dog pelts are often mislabeled misleadingly and sold as the fur of some exotic even mythical beast The main exporter of course is also the main exporter of SARS there's a little hint for you china God 12 to 15 adult dogs needed to make a dog fur coat up to 24 cats needed for cat fur coat They're skinning pussy's in china Since the US is banned the trade of cat and dog skins the European market is expanded A video seen by BBC correspondent Tim Frank shows one Belgian furrier displaying a blackity says was made from cats formed in Belgium What's more he says that stray cats and dogs are mounted up in skinth This would seem to contradict the assertion from the officials who help run the EU at the European Commission that there is no cat or dog firming inside you You know who's got to be really psychotic about this? Peda oh Can you even begin to imagine what those crazy bastards? Peda are gonna be saying good name they can go to Europe and deal with them for a while no thanks And sure is how don't don't let him appear Just getting cats and Canada Candidus plan to allow pop position causes US rare if this is a new story on this this is still going on Yesterday you said it old news sorry, you know what show up that's that's a message Okay from Canada too bad don't tell us how to live that's the message We're not gonna be as repressive. We're not gonna live in a stone age There'd be an stone age than a stone age and there would be a good billboard campaign Can see full-paved newspaper ads for a decriminalization of marijuana would you rather live in a stone age or the stone age? Of course you don't have that George you've already there 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless nonsense. Something strange with his log today or something really Am I in the right page and right day and a right to plan it? I'm not really too sure at this point. But as our sales department We want to welcome at what's his name cliff Chris Clint Cliff Flint Mark Peter whatever that came from Boston for these sports sales you will be around long Telly, I hear you're a good guy. He had 10 years working for like a real company and a real market Don't unpack your bags and certainly trust trust me what I tell you because we've seen him come and go People are came in here just screaming on a way out. Whatever you do pal Right, that's the best advice we can give you Because you'll be real sorry a net of last night and I don't know it's really wasted so I don't memory Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha a Yeah, we need a lot of stories about the QAM ratings party last night Yeah, all these people sitting around celebrating stuff that most of them had absolutely nothing to do with Of course I guess I just couldn't be there to share the glory in the moment. You know right the crew plow The group will owe from my good friend Moe. Hey, listen. Don't be not getting more than what he's letting us do that keychain Which is pretty damn pretty damn magnanimous especially coming from him Hey, if you're fat With the FAT or a P-H-18 a matter of height is spelled out. Big rules of oozing nasty fatty. Like they look in the decent and put in some real size clothing on. If you're diabetic or getting close to it, here's the answer. It's not stupid dangerous pills. It's not some ass-and-eye diet that you can never follow in a million years. It's balance for life. And the reason it's so simple is because they take all the figurine from the program. They do it all for you. There's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries. Just great results. The weight just melts off your body. Because it's all based on the as-own diet, which I always tell you, is very complicated, but they take care of all the complicated and important figurine out. And they deliver to your door and a black sack, you read it. That's got three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks. And it's at your door by six o'clock in the morning. They give you a menu where every week and you get to two between two choices for each meal every day that you're on the show. And I want to mention it again. All the food is fresh, delicious. Nothing is prepackered, nothing is frozen, nothing is got preservatives. None of that crap. It's all fresh ready for you to pop at a microwave and pop in your posts. So if you want to lose the weight finally, it long lasts, get on some real-sized clothing and look and feel a hell of a lot better. Like balance of for life, do it for you. Call him today at 9-5-4-5-6-8-3-2-29. 9-5-4-5-6-8-3-2-29. Or check him on that wicked worldwide web if you like it. BalanceForLife.com. "... interactive fans walked away just by a few Kayte's pants." The six lar욕诒 splits with your gun Sweden ACK. Awesome, wait a minute. Teacher's Grate, you are huge! So let's go home! No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. He said no, no, no! Now he becomes scared of surprises and lies! Oh my god, my old face, I flew in reddish purple face, I fell in the white and hate me. Oh my god, I always reddish, it must be close, I got you flew in reddish purple face. Oh my god, my arm, like a ram and now he map a lot go on. I got things on my nose, nobody knows that under my blows, I went empty-hours, but that no mean, that I'm gay. If you think my arm's a man, you ought to see my legs, I might as well keep them smoothing, shave, the show little glass, the next time I'm reddish. I can vote to a surgeon, but that cause me to give this, I would not want to walk out looking like John Rivers. Where am I? I might have the least, the fat little free, I did it on my favorite, now we're getting a form of eating. But reason I dismissed that stick and fat bastard, is because he wouldn't shove up any can't play conestity. Hey somebody call me over there, nobody calls when I ran, I ran to New York. Look at me, I'm big hit, I ain't going to go square, I'm a big don, I'm very dead. I'm fired, anyone I want, I don't care. Let's believe they make me flip my wig later, smelly green hair. I don't fight in myself, it even happens to the greens. Let's win one send you get out of here, or else we break your legs. So now I should fight a fool, life's as good as it gets. With my paladin cocktail, racing bets on the gents, who powered dice, paradise, I don't just nobody's handsome, powered dice. We're going to go go go go go go. I'll be sure that the screw gets when I get the change, but the cleavage aren't ready with my lime-green pants. I won't hesitate, I'll be calling to play, and we're just a little thought, so what I let this day. I think that's funny, what I'm not going to say was funny, I can do what I want, but the men is with loves me. Get it, I have something mouth, something you ought to know, but along this time I wanted you to be my home. Oh, you're my type pal, now I have to be, pal, pal. Who, who do you want? I'll take no for an answer tonight. But it's not you, it's your man out of the happy things. What do you want? What do you want? What do you want? What do you want? What do you want? What do you want? What do you want? What do you want? What do you want? What do you want? Oh, yeah, you should go, I lost. Okay, great. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon, 27, it'll do a QAM, rich man's wife, somebody says, and you say, never sign it. Beeners, see it? I think he'll be very good at it, though. So what does that mean? Nothing. I don't know. I'm just not putting every year and moving it was ever made on here, just because I mean there's no explanation and there is no nothing. Now, give us a little more meat than that. Now is this, do you believe this is for real? Because I didn't see the sixth sense. Yeah. And here's why, not only does it qualify, and, you know, for the pull and the questions, but it was huge everyone saw it very popular, rave reviews yet again. 301 votes, six senses, way ahead, 63 votes, usual suspects, 40. The best or most shocking ending of any movie ever. The kind of the ape's 30, Shawshank Redemption 23, no way out has got 14. China Town 13, last American Virgin 12, Fight Club 12, American Beauty 12, Arlington, Road 11, happiness 7. Ah-ha! Primal Fear 7, the hit year 7, boy in his dog, six, carry five, citizen came five, and small days after that. I will bet your life on it that if everybody in the audience would have seen happiness, it would have two million votes right now. It would have 40 trillion votes right now, everybody's seen a movie, but how many people saw it? I never heard of it until this week either. So again, the guy called yesterday, I thank him once, but I want to thank him again, because that it's just so, it's like, no other movie you've ever seen. I believe me when I tell you, and then of course the ending scene and you have to have two Alice and comes personal to your door when you're watching. I'll put him out if you're heard. Huh? I'll put a towel down. I'm telling you, if you don't roar hysterically in the last scene, then you're a bigger thunderhead than anybody ever thought you were. Here's for a lot of nail, huh? Yes sir. Okay. The kind of a new movie just goes to an identity. Have you seen that? No. Oh, it's awesome. It's a real climatic movie comes to an end. We're all shocking, and it's a great movie. Who's in it? Uh, John, please ask. And, uh, Ray, what's his name? Is it, say, Hooleda? Ray, Leo, Leo. Yeah, Ray, Leo. It's a really good movie. We're all shocking, and that's the many people who put it on there, because it's so out. You know how many? Well, that's okay. Maybe they'll go out and watch it. Thanks a lot, pal. You too. I did it. Identity. Got it down? Got it. We got it down. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Don't forget to join our good close personal friend, Jocac Stelau, who used to be a really good guy till he got married. Join Jocac from noon to two today at the Singular Wilder Stirl, located at 6311 North Andrews, Heaven and Cyprus Creek. Stop. We got some early decent stuff to give away, at least some free Marlon tickets, which, you know, big deal to the night's game with the Giants, and you can register to win trip for 2, the Major League All-Star game, the summer and the Skybox Party for 2 at PV Park. So we'll say how to Joe, and I'll ask him what's wrong with that show. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, is a call from Jacksonville, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you, too? Great. I haven't called you in years, but living up here in Jacksonville, now I did get out of the day County, but now I don't know if I'm better or worse for it up here down here. No comment about Duval County, man. The less said the better. They never met a right wing to the right of the trailer. They don't lie. They embrace the information. Well, I mean, when you look at an app and you realize it's just a part of, uh, entry. It's just part of Joe Joe. It is. It's self-djudges. What is it? Anyway, I've got a movie that I think you should go out and rent it or buy if you haven't seen it yet. It's one of the oldies, but it's got an unbelievable ending. Unbelievable ending. I said that twice. Like I've been in it. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. It's Joe with Peter Borrow and Susan Sarandon's day. Unbelievable. Okay. Have you seen it? I have heard of it. Did you like it, George? Very good. Just the ending just blows you away and knocks you yourself. Unbelievable. It's a old 70's style kind of thing like he's a rider kind of a flavor. Right. He has a bar scene, which is like an archie bunker type of thing that's the absolute funniest part of any movie. You'll pee your pants three times just watching that one scene and rewinding it and watching it over and over. No, have you seen happiness? I'm not. I'm going to get it though. Trust me. Since you've been talking about it. Because I didn't see Joe so I can't compare it. But I mean, if the ending and happiness isn't the funniest ending you've ever seen then I'd be really shocked. Well, I'm going to see it. But Joe's not a funny ending. I'll tell you. It's not a it's just an ironic like eerie ending. It's not funny at all. In fact, it would be the opposite of sad. But it's an it's awesome. You've got to see it, Neil. Okay. It's our era. I've got a rabbit this afternoon. I've got a rabbit right now. December 42. It's it's what we like. Okay. And come up to Jacksonville sometime. No thanks. I love you all here. I'm a great life, pal. I'm here where I'm safe. Thank you. Let's all go with it. Jack's. Let's not say we did. We can go up there and see Steve Nickel. Hey. Yeah. I wonder if he's still out there. I wonder if he's a. Treated out the whole marketplace. Yeah. I can't move around. Just like most of those radio programming people. They move around from town to town. See who they can get down like gypsies. Right. Exactly. Like the gypsies like the travelers. Right. Traveler. I wish. Traveler. Five six seven. Five six. Especially the ones from Texas. Hmm. Six senses got 69 votes. I just thought I mentioned that. You can look and verify. Not making that up. 69. I said it again. Just on purpose. Yeah. I said it 69. I said again. Usually suspects 41. Family. 32. Shawshank 23. Nobody else has got 20. Happiness is about eight. Happiness is eight. You know, you really should get it today. You shouldn't wait. Okay. I mean, how much is going to cost? In fact, in the voice of that. I just thought. But other bean of voice making a big box. He said, he'll go out. He'll go out. And he'll buy it for you. You got to see it. You must. And you'll sit there and you'll watch. And you'll think. This is really. This is really. This is really strange. It's. It's. It's. I can't describe it to you. It's strange. It's depressing. It's hysterically funny. It's. The biggest bunch is sad. Sad. Losers believe me. A lot of the people are audience would appreciate seeing this. It'll make them feel like better about their lives. And like I said about the other movie about the. Uh, Requiem for a dream. Mm-hm. The name of the movie definitely should be. So you think you got troubles? Am I right? That should be at least a sub pedal for that movie. Because no matter how how screwed up your life is when you finish watching that, you'll feel like you've got life. Look man. You'll be looking. You'll feel like you're on top of the world. But don't look that mirror. Oh man. Twenty-two known at five sixty w q a. Am you know, mom has always been there for us. This mother's day. She deserves the softest gift for the hardest job. This year, Pamper, her with a vagemogram. She'll receive the most luxurious pajamas. Along with free laveter batty, a gift card and a do not disturb sign. All to help the night keeps a cat box. The set of pyjama grand gift shop online at pyjama grand.com or college hole free number. One eight hundred gift PJs and the puppy choose the perfect pair. They've got brand she knows it loves like Nick and Nora, crampery and Evelyn and A Torrey made from premium favorite, like a Diffian cotton and fine silk Insiders to fit any mom from teeny and tiny to big and gigantic. Plus they have gowns, robe, slippers and great spa products as well. Send a pyjama grand is a great way to thank her and it's delivered right to her door. She'll absolutely love it and to give to you know that she's going to use and appreciate. The sister company for Montana, where she knows it and first they're quality and on Pandalivary and they're good people do business with. This mother's day send mom the softest gift for the hardest job. Just visit pyjama grand or dot com. What is it? pyjama grand.com or column tool free at 1-800 give PJs. That pyjama grand.com but do it today cause time is running out. My mind in local and we're sports when you're 5-6ing you and you a yeah. That's the f***ing way to it. Mother's love, things of color and color of my mom this mother gave. Send you the girl in the world once a broker give her a kiss. She'll back from that divorce term but she helped me pay my rent. Remember mother's day mother's day. I'll give her a hug and play for it. I'll surprise the call and raise it. They were straight and let me say let me say. Call her now. It was my school day and a total of 500 years. Thank you mom, you bail me out. Call her now. No fool, no rest for me till I was 15. I'm so old. It's 145. This is kind of cute. Lady walks into the drugstore and asks the drugstore for some arsenic. The drugstore asks, man what do you want with arsenic. Lady says to kill my husband. I can't say to any of the reasons says the drugstore is lady then reaches into a person who's out of photo of a man and woman in a compromise in position. The man is her husband and the lady is the drugist wife and shows the picture to the drugist. He looks at the photo and says, oh I didn't know he had a prescription. Here's the fact that says seven had two commercial endings. How about soil and grain, IKA Bokerburgers? Sure we put soil and grain on it. Well, somebody mentioned that before but only one per customer. So on a grain, it's on air. This fact says seven had two commercial endings. The short version showed him trying to make up his mind and the screen fades to grey and a shot is heard. It's a cool credits. They're long versions showed the shooting him being placed in a patrol car. That's what I saw. Oh that's what I always see. Yeah, I guess we put it on there. I guess it tells her it's to be on there because it's all part of the, you know, he sees the, what's in the box. And then he finally goes up and he's got to choose as he's going to shoot him as he's going to like, Oh, and he shoots him by the way. He lost her. And listen, you know, what's the point of talking about movie endings if he can't support at least the girl Lauren? At least he did that. That was good. Everyone was hoping he would. Oh yeah. Come on, grand butcher for you, dark. Yeah, he's thinking about he's like, right on the edge. He was okay and we'll be a separate one scene once in the box. Why did they do that? Why did they leave that in? You know, you know, the amount of effort that it takes to make a movie. Yeah. Well, why then the number of retakes they do on so many of the scenes. Why would they leave that in when it's so bad the directors fall off? What's in the box? I mean, you know, and of course he had no inkling. That's the point. He didn't have any idea what was in the box, did he? No. And then of course, when the guy started giving him like hints at that point, he got a little bit a little bit concerned. Like maybe his wife's head was in a box. Oh, she was going to say that. Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yep. Yes, sir. Can you hear me? I hear you, Ludenburg. I'll tell you a movie I've seen many times and it's just unbelievable. I turn on to just love that it's called Jacob Slatter. Did you hear of it? I think I saw that. What's it about? Unbelievable. I think I saw that. Unbelievable. And the ending is just unbelievable. You have to get it if you haven't seen it. Damn. That's so funny. I didn't hear of it. Timothy Robin, does it? What's it? It's just phenomenal. I mean, you just, you don't know whether it's going on now or it's flashbacks. It's unbelievable. Okay. We got to think that. Yeah. Try to get that Jacob Slatter. Thanks. OK. Lines, uh, what was it? Lines, Adrian Linn, director. Lines, chilling film bombed in the state, uh, bombed in the states. How like that? Yeah. Probably because of its origins in the murkier side of the now done to the Fiat Namore, but messy and mading, though some of it is Jacob Slatter's truly a scary film, which is never simply a war or a horror vehicle. Jacob Singer Robin's is a man whose life totters continually between past-person and future. Between reality and terrifying illusion brought on by his experiences Vietnam, where as unit was dosed with a vicious derivative of LSD to improve its killing power. Where the problem arises that this scenario is the only one alternative in life of a man who has previously shown his divorced studying and cohabiting, married and prosperous would show him or dead on a Vietnam field hospital table, but Lines getting unsillings, un-silling direction conjures up moments of horrifying hallucinogenic power from the bad trip held this protagonist. That's all that. I think I've seen it. Yeah. You haven't seen it? No. Well, it's not a list for anybody who did. We're asking them to which will we have the best of the most shocking ending, where we'll be intensive this week. I have no idea why, but it's a good way to get away from all this other depressing thing. Although, don't let me forget this one article by Matthew Angle and the British paper in the Guardian up to his usual stunts, because I think he's got his thumb right on it. In other words, the essence of it is I think we're screwed. Also, you might want to take a peek at our website today and see our deck of cards. This is great. Where did this come from? I don't even know what your website this came from, being a boy. The deck of cards? It's a good answer. Really? It's some rotten, I can't pronounce it. Right into the core, I think it's said. I think they were, don't take it personally, but they might have been talking about you. Yeah. You should guide us. Yeah. Right into the core. Wanted for looting social security trust funds taking the company to warn their false pretense, ripping up the safety net, evaluating the democracy, strangling civil rights, assaulting the new deal, being a partisan hack, pedally economic snake will perverting the fourth estate. And then we've got our own deck of cards here, which you can flip through on our website. There's Dick Cheney. He's the Ace of clubs. Carl rolled down the wrong slope. George Bush. Er, I ace of spades Cheney. A Bush is the Ace of clubs. Andy Card. He's a card. Er, he flies you down and scrawp. Mitch Daniels. Who, by the way, is resigning because we got that sooner or two. Which Daniels, little insider training, the scandal there. Oh, but he wants to run for governor. Right. Lynch Cheney, Karen Hughes, Tom Delay, Condolisa. Richard Pearl, they're all in there. It's great. It's great thing to take a few can. It's a 670560, Pond 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. 6704, usual suspects 43, 10 of the 833, Shawshang 24. I've had it 6 senses. I guess we're going to have to get that too. Maybe I'm the only first hasn't seen that. Maybe. Is it something I would like? It's okay. It's Bruce Willis. I thought I forgot to put it. Oh, I'm sorry. I got so sorry. I got so sorry. Bruce Willis. Yeah. You're telling me that it's like nine minutes till lunch. Oh, my god. You're telling Bruce Willis, isn't it? Yeah. And it's got 75 votes? Yeah. But then again, keep trying to keep in mind the question. I'm lecturing the audience, keep your eye on it. What movie had the best or most shocking ending? That does mean it was the best movie of this bunch, but it had the best ending. In fact, I'm here in a rumor is that once 6 senses ended, everybody else, to get a simultaneously said, oh, thank God, it's over. It was delighted that it was over. But you're telling me the ending was great. The movie was fine. Somebody ruined it for me, so I couldn't really enjoy it as much as everyone is supposed to do. Well, we're not going to do that. Not on that one, because obviously too many people seen it, we don't want to piss anybody off. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Here's the lady in four-laterdale. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. How are you doing? I'm fine, how are you? I'm fine. I'm fine. What life beneath? I've actually that was there in the world. It was when she was in the tub and drowning in the thing. Yeah. And it was pretty good, but it became, I think it was, you know, he escaped her about 45 times in the last couple months of the movie. Yeah, and then the crazy lady came back and they went and they truck and then the lady came back and saved herself like that. Yeah. Another movie that I like is the others. That's a really rough don't movie. It's on here. Okay. Thanks. See you. I'm going to say that movie, being a boy is called What Last Beneath. You think? I think that might be it. Well, I saw it like about 700 times. It's one of those that when it comes on and it was on all the, whatever the channel movie channels. What it comes on here and I happen to flip onto it. I just watch it. I don't know. Do you know what I mean? No. I just leave it on. That's that. And this is like they got to seem like 15 times too. Okay. And now the certainly there are just some movies that are riveting enough or they have some I don't know. You watch it and it just hits you in a certain way. And so if you happen like, I'm not seeing you go out to a movie to watch it again and pay this hit. But if it just happens to pop up, oh listen, when I come down. Oh my god. Don't forget, where's that list? Oh, did I throw it a list away? What an idea. Am I an idiot or what? I guess I am. I'm a moron. Well, I admit at least. Don't forget the international, the independent film channel, I have see. Next Wednesday 10 PM is the first viewing and somebody had sent me that whole schedule. I should make it. God, we can get it again. If we can't get it again, you are. I still feel bad. You got to see it, folks. Requiem for a dream. Ellen Burston. She is so great in there and the lovely Jared Lido. And who else is in Jennifer Colleen? Jennifer Colleen. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I'm sorry. I apologize. Jennifer Colleen's in there. I should be doing that right. I was concerned a little bit more about Jared. But he's been a stand-by. Especially after you've asked me that, you immediately, they could picture you. Huh? He looks pretty good to me. I'll tell you that. Now he's a good actor though. He really is. And he does work good. But I mean, is there something we wrong with that? Like Jennifer Colleen. She's a great actress. She's excellent. And she also happens to look pretty then good. It's a good. So is there something wrong with that? I don't think so. I mean, you know, they're ought to be a lot. Yeah, you shouldn't have. You should only have. You shouldn't have them in that. I've always said that. Uh, so I would do like, okay, don't get all sensitive against. We'd art. I'm just checking my email. Don't get the, let's not turn the fuck. Oh, there's Jared. I just clicked it off. Damn it. I just saw that his forehead is a hero. We're seeing here line Jared. Get him, Chuck Alphi or his phone number. We're receiving her line on Jared Lido. 560560, pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Pember Pines. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, uh, let's talk here. Um, I'm not sure. Pember you talked about this movie. Probably mayor. And history has. With Edward and. It was brought up earlier today. Okay. I'm sorry. I might not have been. Sorry. We didn't put it on there, but I'm trying to think of the reason why. Because it doesn't deserve to be. Oh, and Biner voice is no way. It was being very, very good movie. He says next on movie. But the ending is. Yeah. He's a little different. You're the expect. Yeah. Yeah. I think we'll put it on there because these two bozos, these two beers. You know, America, what is it American history X? Yeah. And Northern stick to Keats. There we go. It's on. Thank you. Get it on there, Biner boy. Don't give us no lip. Just get a whole day of Rick and tell him. Yeah. He's got it. And then we'll see what happens from there. American history X is that a recent movie? Uh, six years maybe. Uh, well, let's see. The movie I was Gadica last night with Ethan Nohawk. That was six years in Uma Thurman and Emasul Mac. 156 at 5. 60 W to QM. Let me tell you. Mother's Day is only Friday. It's Saturday. Three days away. See a bit of gear with it. If mom's coming to visit you. Certainly I want to sleep on Lumpy worn out mattress. That'll mattress. Got the perfect mattress for mom. If it's sagging lumpy or just worn out. Then call our good buddies at Dalmatra's at 1 800 mA TTRES. Dalmatra's got the best mattresses made in the world. They got served us, see Lee. King Kuel Simmons. They don't carry any crap. No off-brands. You sure that I want mom's to be done something that you wouldn't. So don't put it off on more minute. Nothing has a bigger impact in the way you feel every day. They're getting a great night's sleep. Dalmatra's gets more repeat and referral customers than anybody in the world. Because they treat you great. Once you buy mattress and Dalmatra's should be realized what a piece of cake it is. You'll never go back to slept around town wasting time, gas, and lots of money. Helping somebody pay for their big overhead in a showroom again. And don't forget when you buy mattress and Dalmatra's still set up the brand. Who wouldn't take away your nasty crappy embarrassing old vending for free. That's correct. Dalmatra sets up the new one takes away the old for free. So this mother's day have mommy sleep in like a baby on her brand new bed. From Dalmatra's gift certificates available all denomations too. So call right now toll free 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. That's 1-800 mattress for Dalmatra's this smart way to get you a great night's sleep. Mom, I'm out and low. This is 4-20-5-60. I'm going to do a hand. This is Dick Kenny. I like to relax my heavy bear magnet. I massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rodgers 12-1 hour. Hey, hello. This is Attorney General John Ashcroft. In my hand, I'm holding the original copy of the United States Constitution. Now this coveted parchment is the foundation of your democracy. There we go. Whoop. Well, this will have to do. Prop voted 560 WFM. Up to the most stunt rights Matthew Angle in the Guardian. This was in Tuesday, so like two days ago, sorry about that. This is how he had to hand it to the guy he swooped onto the flight deck of the west as Abraham Lincoln last week. The most spectacular entrance in the last Broadway production of Hello Dolly, and did he look in his bomber jacket quite fantastically butch. As Lincoln himself said, again, he's birded wrongly that time. No one would remember where the president said, but they'll remember the scene and his smile on the cheering soldiery in his bomber jacket and believe the George W. Bush had just defeated all those pesky irackies single-handedly. Of course, it's remotely possible that the American electorate will decide that there's some political stunts so blatantly manipulative that they're actually intolerable, but we can probably rule that one out. The use of troops as a political backdrop and clack as a fascinating one, there are presumably among the $1.4 million-million members of the US Armed Forces, people who take the not wholly uncommon view that Bush is a dangerous dog and a user for that. What happens if one of them decides he or she doesn't want to cheer their commander in chief, did they face court martial? Perhaps the problem never arose because when he had spent the last ten months on an aircraft carrier, any visitors welcome. In this case Bush was telling the troops they had to achieve their objective and could go home. One day they may even find out what that objective was. This was, after all, the world's first reverse war. The outcome was pre-determined. The reason for it will be sorted out later. The contrast between the astonishing piece of political theater televised around a planet, and another event a couple days later is so staggering it is pathetic to mention them in the same column. You know pathetic? No, please. Anti-climactic. I look to know. Nonetheless, it should be reported that the nine-dero-cratic politicians of announced they want to challenge the president next year, gathered at a college in South Carolina and debated with each other. The debate was sponsored by the ABC TV network, but it might as well have been the Yale-Skull and bones club or the Masons for all the publicity you've got. It was held at 9pm on Saturday. Despite the ABC connection only one minor local cable channel Washington showed it live, a fifth of the night was 250 affiliates broadcasted eventually, mostly Strattly Midnight, the political jockey's channel C-Span showed reruns on Sunday. The nine candidates can be divided into three equal groups. There are three no-hope doves, the former Senator Carol Mosley-Bron, the Congressman Dennis Cassinuts, and the activist of Urban L. Sharpen. There are three rather elderly hawks, Congressman Dick Hebhart who does have one idea, a health plan, Senator Joe Lieberman, so pro-war he makes Bush luck like Mahatma Gandhi, and Senator Bob Graham who stick is that we're all doomed by terrorism and Bush's asleep on a jaw. Then there are at least three who are making, if not waves, at least a few ripples, Senators John Kerry of Massachusetts and John Edwards of North Carolina, and Howard Dean the peacetake doctor and I discovered her for a month. Dean is moved into the front row by waging a tarlis and lucid campaign against the war, which is playing well with party activists. However he stepped over the edge before the debate by sounding too unenthusiastic that merely about the war, but about American strength and general even about the fall of Sodom. So he's now on the defensive against Kerry. Dean was modestly impressive actually, but someone I know who had lunch with him said it was like 90 minutes in the surgery, the man was humeralist and convinced he knew everything. The trouble with a front row is curing it, which is that they're just running on their CVs. Kerry's full name sounds like John Kerry to Vietnam veteran. He never lets anyone forget it for a second. He's covered all the best advisors, so many that he no longer seems to know what he thinks. Edwards less experience more personable is a poor Southern boh who got rich and will then need to forget that either. God was depressing. William Saffar the New York Times no-fried a Democrats yesterday quoted a dead heat between Riverman and Gibhar. The Washington Post Gailet to Lieberman. I thought that the only one of the nine who sounded lucid and compelling was sharpened, generally held to be a rogue. It's probably lucky hardly anybody watched. The real winner by a mile was the stuntman in the bomber jacket. There you go boys and girls. A little bedtime story to stir out the noon hour. Let's see, here's the facts, I just saw Donnie Brasko. It's a good film but I found this review about the film, didn't know if the real story behind the snow. It's a true story, yes. I'm reading this story of a pop-up. It says the end of the film would have been more enjoyable if I hadn't known the real story. Lefty's death and the movie was based on the real-life end of sunny black. Lefty guns were Jerry or never talked to. He upheld his twisted coat of honor. He went to friends offered to keep him out of prison. He served ten years thanks to Pistone's testimony. So I never thought he didn't get to eat and get boiled. That's a relief. We feel better. Jacob's letter says great ending. Grableweets were things as low on Palmits' current. Thank you, Lowell. Here's one that says, you ever done a segment on the subject of some of it, Lawman Bush, one members at the same time in the Carl Alco. Many, many times. Thank you, Ben and Carl Springs. We've had the Carl Alco group inside outside down. We've had a lot of articles. We have just this last week on our website. So as your email address link failed yesterday. Well, Ben, are we not too email on this show? And we've been begging for months and months. Please, please disable that link so that they know to go to our, you know, our regular stuff. Yeah, we don't too email. Just one of them things. They won't do it because it's QA and you know. We was in miracle. We got them to change one little thing on their website. Well, let's go then. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, and he's got more stuff here about the Carl Alco. Thank you, Ben, we're on with. Here's one that says, I can't believe that no one has mentioned Dr. Strange lover, how I learned to stop wearing and love the bomb. When Slimpickon's manages to connect the wires and ride a thermonuclear weapon down to a blindeak finish from the bomb bay of his damage V52, Laughing turns to shock and then back to laughing. As we'll meet again, play softly, the interplanes enveloped in a nuclear Armageddon and the laughing turns back into a vague feeling of tension. As we realize, we've just seen a plausible scenario for the inter the world. Should we put that on our Dr. Strange love? Sure, whatever. It was great. Hmm. Here's some of those great, sure. Although kind of a strange guy. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, I'm not, I'm great. I was going to say Star Wars. You know, he's your father Luke and all that. Is that on there yet? No. Oh, Star Wars for sure. Also, I kind of like to see Bush and the caucus together and their alarmion. That would be cute. That would be cute. And also, it's national team pregnancy prevention week. So, being a barber in the butt. That's all I got. I'm sure that's all he's got. That's all he's got. He's thinking about it. He's dreaming about it. Something about it. Right, though. Probably something he heard from you. Sure. He sent me, thank you to your many discreets and a seat. Don't he's a polygenic, seemingly chronic factor. Don't apologize. I should make candid. I'm, I don't know, one who should be apologizing, but I won't. Jerry's a great American. Here's the IFC schedule for our Reck room for dream. I'll keep it here and in the next Wednesday 10 PM on the independent film channel. Reck Lee and for Dream if you don't watch it, if you haven't seen it, you're really missing out. I'll tell you that right now, okay. Take it, do something with it. You'll love it. Yeah, keep it. Let's hear more of that music. I love the music is just, uh, it's integral. And of course Sarah Goldfarb. I mean, she is what Southport is all about. Yeah. With her lawn cheer. Sarah. Oh, he's going to be on television. And the one thing about that movie is just, it's like winding up on a alarm clock. Right. You just keep winding and winding and just getting, and just every time you think again, and get many more intense. And then when she's at the doctor the last time, and he's got the voice that sounds like helium because he's so amazed at it. It's just, uh, it's just great. It's like going down and he'll look out at any breaks. Just keep going back. That's right. That's right. Okay, that's all. Here's Miami, hello. I feel it. Yes, Sarah. Are you there? I'm here. Listen, here's a couple of movies for you. One called tomorrow. It's an old fap in a story. Very dark. What do you say? He says an old William Fawtoner story. Oh, oh. Someone is the Scott's Barrel Boys. Okay. Not complimented. Confidentory to the South. Oh, good. Sounds like my kind of movie. Yeah, it's a very, very good. The Scott's Barrel Story? The Scott's Barrel Boys. Oh, boys. Did you ever hear of the musician John Hammond? No. Oh, his father was a well-be-due to explore the South. But I heard I like to play the organ. Okay, play the Zorgen. Thanks. Okay, thanks. I got him both down. Thanks a lot. Tomorrow and Scott's Barrel Boys. Got him on there now? We got him. I mean, I don't know how many people saw someone. He's with the Lionel. I don't know how happy he's doing. Eight. Still sorry. You know, I'm sorry. I just, I just, I'm just, I'm just going to jump out the window right now. Well, think of the service you're doing. No one saw it, obviously. And now they will. You know, and maybe it's only me. Maybe you'll watch it and say, I'm not sure if I can do that. But, I don't think so. I really don't think so. I mean, there's so many things that you'll see in that last scene. You'll say, it was just, you'll just go to pieces. I'm telling you. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? First good. First time call it. All right. What time between here and Arizona? Whenever I'm down here, of course, I just covered you about, oh, I don't know, it's before years ago, I'm sitting on the beach and it just cracks my ass up and I'm sitting down there listening on the beach. And a couple of great things, just a couple quick stories that I happen to be listening to you when that turkey from Fox, let's go into the name Heather. Heather, you had a bitch, you know. What's she called? And you laid into her. I was jumping around the sand like my feet run far as less. You'll notice you'll notice by the way that our great local media in San Florida, I won't know where you were at the, you know, how long you were here at the time. But that story was Fox News trying to get my ass fired and then lean in on that cold kind of leaves of thing. That didn't get one word of news in the Sun's Temple and the Harold in any publication in a weekly reader, nothing in sub. It was an important night was a national story didn't get one word. But Mr. Ego goes on there for this meaningless, uh, uh, board that he's involved in their Steve Kane. And we got front page stories. Of course he's right way, I'm one of those old fashion liberals, so I'm out. You know, that was one of the reasons I called because, um, when I left your last theory, you were playing all the condolves and all that stuff. And I was just cracking up over it. We left in December and came back to mid April. Board here, that one over. You know, that's I was wondering what the colon colon polyp Junior dropped the hammer on you guys or something or what? We got the hammer dropped all right. No, okay. Dr. Hingel right on his head. But anyway, uh, I didn't see Mr. Sippy burning, but uh, perhaps you could do a rewrite and call it tele-hassy theory. Instead of instead of having a cow be the culprit, we could have maybe like the, uh, the state's head drug king can drug and set the daughter home from rehab. And we can't furlough if she drops your hot crap bite. Then likes to hold them, stay on fire and you're eating. There you go, I've packed a few of the written stories you speak. Oh, I'm sorry. Great enough. You know what you make my thought will was some of this crap about the paper that's going to slow this stuff and just keep it up. We got to get this cut this ass on fire and get moving here. I got good news for after the break. Listen carefully. You're here though the latest diversion of Condolizo, okay? I'll be on there. Okay. I mean, I have to write that and hang on or hang up. Twelve minutes past noon at five, 60 WQM. You know, talk is cheap, but it's easy to run a lot of appealing load numbers. But when it comes right down to it, what percentage can you really get refinanced at? Is it 5% as it 4%? How about 2.45% with financial group? With interest rates of 2.45% it's really your best bet and it's Rock Solid. Call financial group now at 1-800-940-land. That's financial group toll free at 1-800-940-LE and the interest rates are at all time. Loast the one I'll refinance you more by a new home and take advantage of a sure thing. And that's 2.45% fine-answer with financial group. Here's what it'll do to your monthly payments. If you have a $200,000 loan, you'll be paying just $786 per month. If you have $100,000 loan, you'll be paying just $786 per month. If you have $100,000, you'll be paying only $993 per month. So, get yourself 2.45% financing from the financial group. Call him today. They'll spend out worse. There's no obligation at all. Call 1-800-940-land. That's financial group. It's toll free. 1-800-940-LE and the clinical housing lender. APR What did they do? Deserts wanna be the most precious untuk不对 Let's get it Oh milk no lick No tricks. I'm looking on the Harold Web site and on the Sun Sentinel Web site. All I see is more updates efforts to house radio host fail and there's Mr. Ego squinting with his 48th Fony body parts. I don't see anything any more about the Broward County Commission, about the Patriot. See the reason that either paper wants to put that article in there is because of which I have it in my hand right now from yesterday. It lists the objection, at least some of the objection parts about the Patriot Act and the reason that Broward Commission directed at Resolution along with a hundred other municipalities around the country. But that isn't important enough to be a senior local newspapers. Because if they put the story in, then of course they'd have to publish some of the things about the Patriot Act that they probably would just assume you not know. Probably bad for business. It's really, it's beyond scary. This makes Joe McCarthy look like Charles by makes him look like a kindergarten kid. When it comes to censorship and repression and goose stepping. It's back, baby. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. What movie had the best or most shocking ending of all time were asking? We got about, how many we got on there, about 400? At least. Sixth sense, 90. Usually, when that's way on front of everybody. Bruce Willis-Wisen? Yeah. Oh, usual suspects 49, 10 to the hips 38. Charles Shank Redemption, 28, Chinatown, 17, American Beauty, 16, Fight Club, 15, the last of our conversion end away on each have 14. Arlington Road 12, Primal Fear 10, Jacob's latter 9, happiness 8, deliverance 8, carry 7, the hit your 7, boy in his dog's 7. I got you by one. 7, he got 6. And 6 is got 7. Well, what am I talking about? 7's got 6. That's right. The movie 7's got 6 votes. 7's got 6. 6 and 10's got 6. Easy writer. The others, witness for the prosecution angel heart, they have the locus, each have 6. World according to Garp 5, to live and die in LA for the game, the Italian job HF3, the original Dutch version of the vanishing and Donny Darko and Dior Hunter and the eraser ADTF2, Magnolia's got 1. That's impressive. 1 for Pucket and McLean, Pies got 1 reincarnation of Peter Proud, Soryland Green and Dr. Strangevlovich have 1 and no votes yet. No votes yet. For Freyald, he was at Freyald B. Identity, Lifeguard, Jacob's latter in American history, X. But there he was. That's a lot of people saw Freyald Tee but it was actually pretty good and the end was a surprise. Pucketman, you don't have Dr. Strangevlovich tomorrow or Scoutsbrabois under yet, Viener Boy. I'm sure it'll be on there any second. I don't want to get pushy but I don't want some of these people taking the trouble to call us and give their opinions and then we just shine them, you know, just ignore them like they're small potatoes. Our audience is all big potatoes. I've seen a lot of them too, believe me. Boy, sunny skies, finally it's sunny today at the beautiful day in Tio. Only a 20% chance of showers. Everybody come out of and bring lots of cash. You're a little more hate to write to those to you. You're American dollar man ain't doing too great. It's dropping like a rock. Drop it like a penny from a serious tower. Current temperature 15, sunny and 59 degrees in Toronto right now. It's beautiful. It's going to be like 6465. Or more can you want, right? Let's take a look at that CNBC before we take any more calls. I just want to take a peak. The euro is a dollar is one dollar 14. Last time I was an Amsterdam was like, uh, about even Steven in last summer. It was 92 cent the year. I'll now start with the dollar 14. Just to give an idea, the dollar's done 75 points. The next day's down 15 points, under 1500 again. Unemployment is through the roof. But other than everything's looking great, baby. Everything's wonderful. All your rich rire wringers out there, man. You got it. You got this squeeze of. Keep squeezing it. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, man. Hi, me, how are you? Great, how you doing? Good. I was just calling about the hot couple of contests. OK. I wanted you guys to be looking out for us. Our name is Amy and Aaron Cretral. And I was going to tell George. Did you see that? Yeah, he's there. That you're really going to like me. I'm going to play way cover model. My husband's a model. Real. We love your show. Yeah. All right. Yes. We're going to play. I think you're already ready. I'm going to go home. I'm going to go home. I'm sorry. Go home. I'm sorry. I said my husband's also from Toronto. Really? Yeah. Excellent. I believe. I think you may have a leg up, so to speak. We don't want to discriminate here, because their audience will vote. But as I see, I don't know what they're like. Yeah, when are these pictures coming? Don't be a tease. What are the pictures coming? Well, I can actually email you, like some instantly. If you'd like to see them now. Yeah. Yeah. What are you going to do? Contest at NeilRodgers.com. Contest? At NeilRodgers. In NeilRodgers. I think I have it. OK. Well, look forward to seeing them. Cool, though. I'll look for us. We're looking. Thanks. Thank you. There you go. And I just just calm down. Put it back in your pants, try to calm down. OK. If actually this is, they're to hump in beaner boy, you've been so excited. Oh. I mean, they were just going to get jealous. You know, you better watch it. That was a cure for that mood. Yeah. You're right. That was. That was better. It was called Peter. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60, 0, and ask you the other people that are the contest. And let me say it again. We're going to serve your hypervettelating or mine or anybody else's right. This is the way it's supposed to work in a will. It'll be up on a website starting a week from the day next Thursday, the 15. And then you guys vote on who you think is the hottest couple. And then they win the prize. The audience decides we just get one vote each. Well, I love this tour. We get a vote. But our vote is no more significant than the other 80 trillion people we have out there. So they obviously would like to go to the Bahamas. It sounds like the May. I'm surprised we don't have like hundreds of entries to be on that. I mean, well, we got a lot of very shy people out there. Oh, come on. And we also have many other people out there. But it sure hasn't stopped some of them. No. Here's a 14. Lucy, hello. 14. Yes, sir. Yeah. I got two movies. And I'm actually surprised. You just named off all the list of movies that they weren't on there. One is bodyding with Kathleen Turner. Right. Good movie. And I don't know what was surprising about that. That was a pretty surprise. I didn't see basically took over the identity of her sister, which she had killed at the end. OK. The other movie that I think is the best ending I've ever seen is somewhere in time with Christopher Reeves and Jane Seymour. Number heard in. I saw her here. I don't remember it. At some point in time, actually, it's got such a caroline. Yes. A group of people that have a car than they need one to year over it. But if you were seen an alley, you want to tell you the ending. But basically about Christopher Reeve from Superman, of course, one of his only roles that he got that wasn't like a comedy-type situation. And he basically went into this old lady at a plane right, and she gives him this coin. And then he finds out that she did. And he ends up going back and combed the finder. And it's a really strange situation on how he does it. It's not like a time machine has been. And he's going back and forth. And he's going back and forth. And he's going back and forth. And he's going back and forth. And he's going back and forth. And he's going back and forth.