Why do you question Vorelle and Jim Roe? Making fashionist menly love. I love you, I love you when you put your finger on my arms. So, hey, you have a smooth mind, you know that? Oh, thank you, love you, smooth mind. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Damn you, we're mommy-o. I'm gonna run around for you. I'm gonna run around for you. Okay, that's it. M- Okay, we go and get your hands short. You have no volume, hands hips, I really have no volume. Oh, I like it man. م представство traaayå with my money. Com transport motaiam Seigron- Greetings on You!comチャ reel lady. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. You know, screw-in and sales told me she caught yesterday after she was breathless. She said he's got the bigot for Ralph bigot balls in his pants. She's ever seen her in her life. She's online. It's 10 or two. It's 5. 60. W. W. Q. I am happy Friday to you. I'm just happy. Like I said, if we just had transmitter maintenance, that would have been good. But now we got like a real living and breathing first on there. Do you think how do you do? I heard five minutes. Yeah, I heard about five minutes too. What I heard was a movement. How's that? A major improvement. And a guy that doesn't take himself seriously. See, that's one thing I've been trying to tell you people for years. These assholes that get on the air and pontificate and they're going to like change the world on some stupid ass radio show ain't going to happen. We're in a guy named entertainment business, okay? Lighten up a little bit. Some of you assholes that take yourself too seriously. But I certainly don't want to get into personalities. Do I? No. Not on the air, off the air where we'd like to talk about mal and other people. 142 votes on yesterday's pool. What's your take on graffiti? This just isn't the right crowd for the graffiti discussion. Only six people write a 3509 of you suddenly, six people write graffiti. Or 360 now. 360 folks, almost 35% think that only six people write graffiti. I don't believe that. For a second. No. You have to be sick to like draw little due dads and, I don't know. It's just, they're a lot of doodles. Though art are a lot of people like in the office when they're bored to tears like most of our sales people, they sit around and doodle on a pad. Huh? How'd you like to have a dollar in a bank for every person who sits around doodling? Right? Right? So what's the difference? What's the goddamn difference? They're just doodling on a different thing in a different place. That's my take. I love to read it. graffiti 2016. This topic is disgusting. Where can I see some 190? I write, this is my favorite response. I write graffiti in drill drill glory holes. 126. We got a bigdy crowd out there, boys in drills. 126 people in this audience. And this answers a lot of questions you may have had about our callers over the years. Oh yeah. 126. I write graffiti and drill glory holes. I've never seen any, meaning graffiti 27. I mean, those are people who just need to get out of the house. And I love to write it, 21 out of oil over a thousand votes. George has got a problem now. He loves it. My life ain't worth living. And of course, I have very little sympathy for people who don't keep control of their pets. Yeah. My call is, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just my call. No, it's incredible thing. His poor little pomeranian. How old is it, Doc? About nine. About nine. About nine? I don't really like that. I don't really like that. You had to dog that long. Oh yeah. So here's a family petty. Let's dog out last night to do its thing. Goes back inside because the dog is, you know, Dog alone around. I can relate to that. They take their damn sweet time. They're sniffing for the right spot. And comes out and low and behold, the dog is gone. Dog, darn. Dog, gun it. And, uh, searching and driving and looking and scouring and, uh, no luck. No. The worst part of it is he just given the dog a bath. And the dog doesn't have any color or tango, but he doesn't have a, uh, micro chip. A micro chip and planted in his spectrum somewhere. Yeah, because they put it in their chest. He had just had surgery because that, uh, uh, blood kidneys that blood are stones. Yeah. So we need to special medication and food. Boy. Yeah. This is a, this is a heartbreaking story to write to the same show on. George loses his damn dog. So if anybody out there in a Hollywood area, right, sees a little pomeranian. I'm assuming it's like brown like, like brown, like a mud. He's got, uh, colored right, freshly groomed. So the hair is relatively short. With no color, no tags. Yeah. That's a George's dog. But he had a suit. Pictures will help us out. Okay, because there's nothing worse to lose in your dog. And although I don't know that because I never lost my dog. $500. I was a lot more responsible than that. I never lost my dog. I'm drinking 500 bucks. Oh, is that what it was? What? Because no, that's what I'm offering for him. I'm going to go look for it. Yeah, 500 bucks. I think you get a lot of people out there looking for that dog. If you like to just bring your whole bunch of dogs, well, we'll pick one that looks close and say, is this close enough to pacify you people? No. Here's the call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Well, what's just half of that? Did you see that? Yeah, they died. No, no, they didn't die. They just, uh, something half the one died. Let's try Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. They knew how you doing? Great. A ball for right. You think he was jobs and jeopardy for talking about Danny Boy? No, I don't. He's been talking about whatever he wants to talk about. Is he like the second god around here? Huh? He's the second god around here. So who cares? Let me say it again. He'll talk about whatever he wants to talk about. See, that's one of the problems with you people in South Florida. You know, if you think that there are people who are exempt in addition to which it's not so much the audience, but they've been conditioned to this by the sports nerds, you know, because on our radio station, especially, it's really bad. There are some people who are beyond reproach, you know what I mean? You know, like Dave wants to add, and then we used to be Jimmy's Johnson and, oh, you don't want to be knocking them. You know, because because our people generally speaking show for these people especially if they're in the dolphins organization or the hurricane. Yeah, Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy. Well, here we got a guy and he was going to open up a mouth and say whatever he really wants to say. And I say, about damn time. Just like that way, I've pinged a crap. Oh, New Rogers will never be on QAM because Wayne will never put up a, yeah, right. That was six years ago. That was the late Chris Moore, Christina Moore, talk of that crap. How long ever beyond this station? You should live so long, Christina. And you suck, by the way. I got a story that is so scary. And even though it is on our website, Most people, oh, I mean, most people don't read the stories anyway. The bedtime stories. But even those who do, they wouldn't be, see, why aren't people on the year on the news channels on the Talking Hit Channel screaming at the top of their lungs about this. And this is something happened back in February. First, I've ever read about it. Have you heard about it? What? About this story about the library computer. Not since he facts it. Not till you facts it. This is a story that's written by Susan Hildruth. Freedom to read, big brother out of our libraries in the San Francisco Chronicle yesterday. She says libraries, especially in San Francisco, have a long tradition of catering to the diverse literary needs of the people they serve, as a result libraries have become a valued source of information for individual families and civic groups. But after 9-11, the bloodline of libraries are belief in the freedom to read is being seriously undermined in the name of homeland security. In the aftermath of the terrorist bombings on New York and Washington Attorney General John Ascrop, pushed hard for the passage of the US Patriot Act, which presented drastic changes to our nation's surveillance laws and granted new intelligence gathering powers for the FBI and other agencies. As our country moored its unparalleled losses, the bill was pushed through Congress with minimal debate. The Patriot Act authorizes investigators to search a warrant for items in a library or bookstore, which can include circulation of purchasing databases, hard drives, user registration information, computers and internet files. Prior to the passage of the Patriot Act, the law required agents to provide specific evidence to show probable cause in justifying why a search was needed for a criminal investigation. Now an agent must only explain why he or she believes that the record may be related to an ongoing terrorist mortals investigation. In other words, it just make up whatever crap they want. Another troubling aspect is that the proceeding for the warrant takes place in closed court and the information sought does not have to be directly connected to a suspect in an investigation. Aside from being forced to release user records, libraries staff can't mention that a search is occurred or that items were given to the government due to a standing gag order. Therefore, our records can be taken with not explanation while we sit tongue-tied for bidden to let the general public or fellow libraries staff know when searches have occurred. Now comes this paragraph that you should embroider on your ass, okay? I want you to listen very carefully to every word in this paragraph. The US Department of Justice stated in the document released to Congress that these new powers have already been exercised in libraries across the nation. For example, a library in Santa Fe, New Mexico reported in February that a user on a library computer accessed a chat room and wrote snoring comments about President Bush. He was arrested, handcuffed, and interrogated about his writings and online usage. You understand the dispop, O'key, strike up everyone. I mean, what is there to say? God help us? A library in Santa Fe, New Mexico reported in February that a user on a library computer accessed a chat room and wrote snoring comments about President Bush. He was arrested, handcuffed, and interrogated about his writings and online usage. Read the bedtime story on our website on theorages.com. I do look at that the hairless picture of Mo. Also speaking of our website, our hot couple's contest number three is October very slow start. I guess they're waiting until we get a little closer to the deadline. Okay, sure. Maybe they're trying to find somebody to take a naked picture with. We do have one naked picture. The only problem is we don't know if it's a gang, if it's for real, if it's a party picture, we don't know what it is. Well, it's a party. There's a whole bunch of people standing around a bed and on the bed is this couple. This maybe they're hot, maybe they're not because you can't see their faces or they're, you can't see their posts. I think else it's fake. We go set as fake. Yeah, fake. I don't want to close look, but that's what he says. Based on what? What's fake about it? That it was altered. It's a fake ass. It's a stunt ass. Hmm. Maybe that's why there are no names connected to it. We do have it anyway, just email us your picture. Okay, let's do another. I'm going to update about that prize because we were talking about it yesterday. Yes, and we do have a hedonism trip as well. And what we discussed with Miguel was that the winner can choose which place they want to go to, because one one place includes airfare. The other place includes food, but no way are fair. So they can choose and then the second prize will be the other one. Okay, well, what's the one, what, what is the trip to the Bahamas? Right. The trip to hedonism in Jamaica. hedonism in Jamaica, man. Right, which includes food and stuff and drinks, but no airfare. Okay, Bahamas include their fare, but no food and drink. Okay, well, let's go through the whole thing and a little later on. I don't want to get behind again like we did yesterday and we'll wind up with like 45 minutes of breaks. Because our sales department still hasn't been made alerted. You know, I think it's the water Nazis fall. Shes online. 12 minutes after 10 is 560 W to Q about anywhere they give you the straight poop and that's pizza law. Man, Jeff Cohen has been doing it for a long, long time and he's going better than ever. In Daviel, find a my university drag right between the Griffin and 595 behind Pierwin, enforce Kitty Court of the New Armageddon, OK, with about 4 billion free parking spaces right there in front. It's so convenient you can fall in right off university and they've got delicious chicken and veal and seafood. Three different kinds of great pizza, calzone, super subs and a best-hand garlic rolls you've ever had in your life. Just dripping with garlic. Man, your fingers will smell erotic for months to come. And if the pizza law, if you won't park the bank either because the portions are gigantic, everything is cold fresh. And the prices are teeny and tiny. So you can take the whole family, the whole gang and they're over and over again for lunch for dinner for late nights next to. For take out for delivery or catering in Davy call 954 9168880. 954 9168880. The good news for us out there in West Broward is an on-plantation as a second-broward pizza law location. That's right in a corner, Navajo and sunrise behind Walgreens. Same great deals, same delicious food and the same low prices. For take out delivery and catering near call 954 3 8 2 9 9 9 5 4 3 8 9. 9 5 4 3 8 2 99. What it comes to low price delicious fresh goodies. It don't get no better than the world-flinging pizza law. Man, my life and low call. This is 4 256. 2 8 2 8. Take off those check-and-pants. You know, once was a man. I don't have an idea. Oh, this will be great. To make a gun that's scratch with flavour. Squirtle, wish it. Well, the name's stuck and soon everybody in the town. One of the pieces of a squirtle is just gone. And a big squirtle is just for big foul like you. Can it seem people crave the man's invention even more, but the mystery remains. What is in the gooey center of that gun? Ah, mouth it is. It's it. But do I feel better? Hmm. Squirtle is just the frankly unique gun. 10 17 at 5 60 WQM happy Friday to you. Sonny and 70 today in Toronto is a beautiful day here. And not probably stop ringing there by now. What didn't I. God damn timely. Jesus. God Almighty. At any rate, you know, see, this is the typical soft photo respond. Now, wouldn't you expect that finally now yesterday of course for all didn't get on a year. We had the lightning strike. Look, Christy was out of the transmitter. Didn't work out too good. And so we never got on the air. Except for our 20 minute internet show, which we've acted very ugly Jim Sarny for mentioning that in this column. Did they in the Sun Sentinel that we did a 20 minute internet show, which ever had a lot of people listen. And a lot of response on the phone. But today is this for his debut. And I come on here and I say, well, what do you think? You know, what's the, I mean, I didn't really say that. But you know, I'm thinking out. Thinking out loud. Right. Where'd you think that out loud? What do you know? What do you say? Yeah. Yeah. We've got this big change. For example, here's a facts. I mean, before I get started with today's pool and all the other good stuff and bad stuff. You know, you'd expect, but then again, this is how Florida they're just not very or forthcoming. They have nothing to say. Every line and at board should be lit up now saying, well, that was really a what a breath of fresh air or man. He really sucks or what kind of a voice is that or something. No, anything. Yes, something. And there's not one line lit on a board. There's not one call on there. What was that call you just had there? Somebody asking about the story you just read. And I told him that it'll be up in about 10 minutes. And that's something. Yeah. That's the story. And everybody's sitting back. We're like that. Watching big brother and big sister and big mama and big papa. What what a bunch of crap it is, man. You're living in a get I always used to say we were lived in a police state and that was before. But that was before this group of Nazis took over. I was in the good old days, right. That's when we were free. So to speak, relatively speaking. Anyway, here's a fast from the Palm Beach couple maker who says, Ray, for real versus Mo. Mo came around barking. See, that's nice. We talked about barking when you lost a little dog. And I'm not going to read this sick fact. That's when we said, you know, help from your dog. He's lost on most head. That's bad. Although we are getting some calls out to your people. They're looking and they want to know what the dog's name is. We didn't say it on the air. What's the dog's name? Nikki. What kind of a name is that for a dog? Short for Nicholas Copernicus because, you know, he was prosecuted by the church. No, what are you ran away? Well, we don't call him that. He ran away. Mo came around barking, showing off and spreading like a pure breed thinking he was above it all. His first move to impresses was to try to bite a couple of the smaller dogs heads off. Like yours, George, then when Anthony work, he tried to suck up to the big dog, all whimpering and sniffing and looking around asses and balls. Didn't work, Mo. Bitch. It says, how refreshing that the new dog and a blocking coming to the neighborhood with a, I'm just one of the guys attitude. Is that his attitude? Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. He's a free bit in mind, but with no color and each out of the dumpster, but he's not afraid to paler around with the pack for rail rules from the Palm Beach problem. It's the only done one show and already he rules van. That's what this guy says for rail rules. That's what the what's your name said to Dorim. Here's a call from Boca. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, me, how are you? Very good. I love for Elf. I already used to listen to him on ESPN and that's why he's a dog. And I didn't love that enjoy him that much, but since he's been all of you guys, and has a local flavor, he's just great. Yeah, and the best part about him is he doesn't stick to all the boring sports stuff. He's all over the place. He is about that. That's for sure. He's about 34% sports. The morning he'd be perfect. Right. Okay, pal. I'm going to put you down. Let me down. Have a good one. And you two, let's put everybody down. Here's our pull question for today. You're a chewing on this other thing. They're just add and out. What, what kind of people are we dealing with? You know, you ought to know. I do know by now after all of these years, but it's so depressing. It's the idea that you think, you know, I want to say something here. You know, I want to say something. I got an opinion. Not that anybody we give the crap about your opinion, but, you know, we like to pretend that we do. The whole world is listening is hinging, waiting to see your, for your take. What's your take? And you think they'd be just falling all over each other, get to the phone. Especially now that we're starting at 10, we got the new 10 to 2 thing back. Oh, we love a lot. And now that we got to re-elead in this we love my hell of a lot. I'll bring it in. I'm afraid I'm sick of it. I'm sick of it. That's the thing. I mean, how can you beat that? Right with a stick. You can beat it with a stick. But a hockey stick. Find a way. How about those dots, huh? Or do they suck? I told you. Koma, they couldn't score into an empty net. If they had like 15 guys out there and the devils had like just for door, they still couldn't score. Who is or was the most overrated celebrity of all time? Now we've done similar polls in the past. Maybe we did this exact same one, but it's been a long time. And the reason I was inspired to do this today is because of all this hoopla, Bob Hopias today and it's 100th birthday. Right. Hey, I mean, he can just barely make a sound over and over and over again. Speaking of sounds. Here's where I know this is your favorite for the list. Justin. Justin, just in Tinkerbell. Uh huh. Oh, he definitely belongs to that. Hey Justin. Bye bye. Yeah, every five minutes. Justin, Tinkerbell. Okay, anyway, who's the most overrated celebrity of all time? We got a short list to start. I'm sure that I'm not sure of anything. I'm not sure of anything. I'm thinking that maybe the audience will add to it. I'm not sure of anything to wait. This is a crowd goes, you know. We went through that whole business yesterday. The station was off the air for day in your three hours. And we somehow managed to, I don't know, put a few of the pieces back together again. But in some floatable, you're up again it. Oh, I hate to break the news to you. But you know that stuff you've fast me at the end of the show. What about those art veld people? Yes. Forget about it. Really? Oh, yeah. They want me to start my career all over again. You didn't read it carefully enough. These people. You know, they want to reinvent your Rogers and then syndicate the show to some big come. Uh, I got news for you. If I'm on the air another two years, that'll be a lot. Okay. I'm at the end. I'm not looking to start a new, uh, any new adventures. Okay. You, you get on there. Oh, right. Yeah. You, well, then tip. Listen. Yeah. You and Vina Boy, you can do a two-stick show. Anyway, who is there was the most overrated celebrity of all time? Bob Hope, Mariah Carey. Elvis Presley. That would be, uh, sacralitis to say the king. Dean Martin couldn't sing his word of a paper sack. Being cross-be. Another one. Frank Sinatra. Michael Jackson or Justin Tinkerbell. I think we've got a great start to this list. There's eight. That's a good start. And we can put like a hundred on here if we want. Because there's a lot of us, celebrities over the years have been, and I realize a lot of these are old timers. You know, like Bob Hope. Then cross-be. Snatra. Even Elvis, to a lot of, I mean, our audience ain't in Elvis. Now, what is this story? What is this thing that the Miguel must have just fetched me? This is the, uh, the contest breakdowns so that you have the details. Hot couples contest three. Winner with the most votes has the option of choosing one of two vacation trips. Choice one. Three day tonight's stay for two with the Royal Oasis resort in Casino with Bahamas with Round Trip Airfare on Lake Weren Included. And choice two. Three day tonight's stay for two at hedonism two or three in Jamaica, Mon all inclusive transfers, food, drink rat activities, and entertainment no airfare. Winner with the second most votes wins the trip. Not chosen by the first couple. I'm going to, I'm going to swoon from this. This is so complicated. Either choice one or two. And third place couple of the third most votes gets dinner for two with the pizza lock. And the only choice you'll have is from whatever's on a menu. Okay. Okay. So email us your pictures. Neorangers.com. All you hot couples out there. Mailing female, male and male, female and female. Human and subhuman. That's contest at neorangers.com. Look at the writing on this facts. I mean this is the most chronic facts you're not a bad fact. You're just chronic. Well, I think I'm burned out on South Florida. I'm just burned out on the people, you know? Yeah, you should move. No, I'm serious. I don't like go to Toronto or something. Yeah, but not for the side. It's just that these people you look at the writing like yesterday. That one Scrawley one. It was so out of control. At least I can usually read his crap. He was just so wound up yesterday. I couldn't even read this stuff. And here's one of his I know chronic facts here and you are. Absolutely correct. Where did that library article come from? I just got through Tonya came from the San Francisco Chronicle. It's on a net. It's on our website. It's on comandreams.com. It's all over the place. It's as I must go off my share. It's just a share. For fellas, a great lead in is what it says here. Great lead in. My collection of my little brother of the talent that you jerk. He's a nut all over the place. Hope George gets the doggy back. I bet his home life is sucking wind. Well, boy. That's nothing new. 1026 is 560 WQA and they're just for a nice live racing left. The footer closes the pump at a park harness meet. Pump and O park is open for live racing tonight. Tomorrow I'll be Friday and Saturday nights. First, po time, 715 general parking and admission free. Come out to pump at a park and you're the thrill of night time harness racing action. And of course you've got a simultaneous starting a new new everyday. Follow up on North America. Highlight, throw bread and harness racing as well. Also, the great players lined with a fan of the 4th floor and your sandwich in a drink in Patton's play sports lines on the 5th floor. Come up on closing weekend next weekend and you can watch and wait your on a bell Monstakes from Belmont Park in New York on Saturday June 7, week from tomorrow. Come on and see a funny son coming in a triple crown. Early bird wait to restart. Next Friday, week from day to one PM. Belmont Stakes goes off at 6pm next Saturday. Free pass performance page for the Belmont field as well waiting for you to pump an o park. The trophy at closing night June 7th is also a family fun night and fan appreciation night with free prize drawings for adult free prize wheels fins and for the kids free face painting free popcorn mini horse rides and lots more. All of these things and lots of great harness racing action waiting for you, but only four live nights left at Pompano Park it after this weekend. You'll find him a blast out of the lighting Boulevard on Powerline Road. Pompano Park horse power you can plunge on. My life and love this is portrayal by city. You wear steel. There's pretty nice big as a pop in the house. Under yellow tank top is distracting my whole train of thought. You don't let all seem to go. You should throw no risk then when you're living life. But it never's pretty nice. It's a fucking life. You don't have a piece but only the decar you see. And I'm ready to 20 grand for a minute and I'm happy to see them. You don't know what to do to see me. But you don't know if they're real or not. But it feels pretty nice. It's been a fucking life. Hey follow up on the ticker look at what I've seen out. Oh man, she got words that are melons. Stop about the words from the bees. Please don't you know what's in the go. But you don't know what they're real or not. You're a pretty nice big as a pop in the house. There's pretty nice there's pretty a pop in the house. Ha ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. 1032 at 560 WQM. Happy Friday to you. Here's a bizarre story. Do you read this about the Turpins bring couple? Couple released after arrest in fight a couple was out of jail Wednesday after they were arrested following a fight that started over how much salad the husband made for guests at their Memorial Day party. Ha ha ha ha ha. Well, their old garner was released Wednesday on $5700 bail in faces charges for resisting arrest and using a firearm while drunk. I thought that was the American F and way. Now you have to be sober. His wife's an odd. That's a Memorial Day. His wife's hand was released Tuesday on her own. The police said they were called to the home to investigate a domestic disturbance Monday evening. Police Sergeant Mike Trill told a couple of the end of arrest and regardless since he had slapped her husband repeatedly. What a pussy. When police placed his wife in handcuffs he became upset. Few minutes later, Daryl Garner was walking toward the police station. He loaded a 357 Smith and wasn't magnum in his hand. He'll say, There you go. Like I said, especially Tarpins brings were talking about. That's not even a news story. Here's one for today's pull from stuttering kill and homestead share that ugly bitch. He says, I second that emotion kill. We got sure on a pull, okay? Now that story that I read in the beginning, Oh, everybody in America should be on this. It was in the San Francisco Chronicle yesterday. It was written by Susan Hillworth who was the city library in the city of San Francisco. The whole article is now on the website. Thank you. Well, I didn't interrupt no more. The Patriot Act is what this is all about and about what's happening in the libraries and about what's in general happening to your freedoms, which Remember them? What? That was a lot of fun when we hit a few freedoms. In school or talk about them? Anyway, in the middle of this article, it says the headline on the story is Big Brother out of our libraries, freedom to read. The US Department, I'm just going to read this one short paragraph and maybe I'll read it about a hundred times today. You asked the Department of Justice stated in the document released to Congress that these new powers, meaning the Patriot Act, have already been exercised in libraries across the nation. For example, a library in Santa Fe, New Mexico reported in February that a user on a library computer accessed a chat room and wrote Snaring comments about President Bush, he was arrested, handcuffed and interrogated about his writings and online usage. How do you like them, apples? How do you like them stopping boots? What's there to say about that? Yeah, the land of the used to be free and the land of the used to be brave. The land of the scared schmittless is what it ought to be. They come in, they steal the goddamn election. They make up all kinds of lies and stories about weapons and mass destruction. Or whatever the lie of the day is to kind of guide the public so they can go in there for all their big backtale and Hallaburn all their good corporate buddies. And out of sin, oh well, there was no weapons to mass destruction. I didn't know no godfather. And now we're getting ready to go into a ran next. That's the new deal. And they just keep planning these stories in a media which just suck right along. And then this coming Monday, June 2nd, I don't know why gang by depressed. But this coming Monday, June 2nd is the day the FCC is scheduled to vote. Yeah. On the relaxation of the ownership rules, radio and the TV and newspapers. Yeah. That'll be the final nail of the coffin when three goddamn companies own every radio TV station and newspaper in America. And that's the kind of crap that's being pedal for truth as Howard Bealwood say. Then you know, you haven't got a, a Chinaman stance in a hell. Yeah. Well, at least they're not producing massive tax cuts for rich people. Right. Thank god they're not doing that. And they're not lying about how much it's going to be because it's going to be well over a trillion dollars, not 350 billion. But the public, you know, remember like that. You left this liberal. Yeah. Okay. Don't look to us to come and bat your ass out. Here's Tamarack. Hello. Good morning. Neil. How are you doing? Okay. The frequent thing to the poll. Rosie O'Fat. Rosie O'Donnell, excellent choice. And for else, I'm up and I love them taking the pot shot at Mr. Danny icon. Well, I didn't hear what he said. What do you say? I know it was when he was in New York and he went up to say a lot of day and about, you know, how we followed this correct is a group in Pittsburgh and this and that and just wanted a chat and daddy gave him a cold shoulder. Really? Yeah. So he said, I don't care how big he is. You know, if he didn't respect me, no smoke. He said he's a good ball player in this and that but as far as a person. There you go. Okay. Thanks, Kelly. Back to you. Yeah. I mean, Dan Marino has been criticized by a lot of people on the, the callers on his fourth station is over the years. And he's going to super bowl and they ripped him for this ripped him for that. So why is it that if a welcome zone? Somebody thinks he's going to get crap for a there. There are no sacred cows on the issues anymore. Okay. The gloves are off. The gloves are off. Right. Is it this moment? I'm aware of how there's problems. Oh, we got sexual. Yeah. We got a sexual condom, which are the best kind. I think. And all kinds of crap going on. You know, between these promos and this new contest deal we got going. It'll be 145 before you know it. You know. Oh, right. I'll get to do those read those a couple of times. Then that one paragraph one more time. I think it will have it looked. Look for the QAM. Look for that. Look for the QAM. The captain is what it says here. Ha ha ha ha. I think probably that means the QAM van. But it just is look for the QAM. Translator. No one will want this afternoon at Peterson Harley located just not the Vajteri road 441. Stop out of get your feet Marlins tickets for tonight's game courtesy of the real yellow pages from Bill sound. As Miguel going to be at that one I'm assuming. Yes. And if you're real nice maybe he'll let you check out his face balls. Join George after the show today from 3 to 5 of Orlando, Harley. Just south of federal highway. What is it? I'm federal just south of Oakland. Stop out of when more Marlins red tickets into your free food from Atlantic City. Go for the food because nobody wants to see the Marlins. And tomorrow from 11 to 1 George and Bino Boa. The other Bill Cybles Boulevard savings on Northwest 36 feet west of 27th of the day. Stop by for more crappy low budget QAM prizes and food from Atlantic City subs where I were mixed the difference and Scott ain't interfering anymore. Which we say. Yeah. Good news. That's one of the best. That's one of the field good stories of the year. Don't you think? Oh yeah. I feel good. Here's a Pemberg Pine. Hello. Good morning, now. Yes sir. I think for all was a great lead in. He was very entertaining and he made my morning. Okay. Thanks. All right. Bye. Yeah. Well there you go. He made his morning. Oh yeah. That's the kind of stuff we want to hear or not is the case. Maybe I'm sure there's some people not. I'm going to think he's a he's abrasive. Little gravelly maybe. You're wrong. You're wrong. He sure is different and he sure ain't no more. Oh yeah. He ain't no more. You don't take himself seriously and he's not a pompous ass that talks in a condescending way. Talks down to the audience. You know like he's a genius and he's got all the answers. I've what I'll do you know about life anyway and about a good hairpiece. And don't be saying you feel great on the day that you lost your dog. You'll let you dog get away. That was sarcasm. I've been psychotic. I am not just over the dog but over the crap that you're going to be taken all week. I can't go family. I can't go home without his mom. So what's new about that? Yeah. Nothing. Let's see. Please to on. This is it's got to be the worst facts in the history of radio. Ain't it though? This has got to be enough to make me want to just scream open up my window and scream. Oh, but I'm going to do the break first. Because I don't want to let go. So we're real quick. Yeah. Am I right? Yeah. Oh, my god. People would taste in their two shectom is what we got. Well, some of them anyway. Because most everybody also agreed. But not everybody agree. We'll be the point to have an talk show other than to make us some money. Oh, isn't that why we're here? Ah. Twenty before 11 at five 60 WQA. I'm home on our Zat. There is there anything worse on these hot, salty summer days. Then go out to take a little dip in your pool and take an peek at it. And the pool too. And finding that it's crap. It's stained its dirty and cracking and all kinds of bad stuff. Well, your pool doesn't have to be a mess. No, Mo. Call our friends at Atlantic Marseille. Atlantic Marseille specializes in refinishing pools. Really bringing them back to life. Brighter and more colorful than ever before. And now Atlantic Marseille isn't producing something new and exciting called Atlantic Blue Bright. For over 12 years at Atlantic Marseille's beautified pools with the ever popular Diamond Bright. And the makers of Diamond Bright and developed Atlantic Blue Bright exclusively for Atlantic Marseille. Atlantic Blue Bright promises leave your pool with a richer, more colorful appearance. Unmatched by anything on a market you've ever seen. In fact, it looks so great. Your friends and neighbors will be convinced you got yourself a great new pool. Licensed and insured are real construction companies. Don't forget to use full time employees, real people. Not semi-legal aliens who just hop off the banana boat. And let it Marseille to family and operate a business. Thousands of people have come to know and love and trust them. They serve date, grow, and Palm Beach counties as well. Atlantic Marseille also does expert deck renovations, custom lighting, pool heating, exotic water features too. So really enjoy every day of the summer year on back yard call Atlantic Marseille today. Tool free, 1-800-558-8883. That's 1-800-558-8883 for Atlantic Marseille. Truly your pool's best friends. Life local, this is 5-6 years. 3 years old yours. You ain't here. Who's gonna get ready to evolve? Music Music Put out some good reviews of them. We're going to wait. Showdown of 20 bucks for a movie pass of coconuts and milk keyways. Where the handful of candy, which would be doors of that mark here. Then I had a first test ticket, but how is ladies and men can beat? So you're watching during the trips. I want it and I could have earned one seat. Then I want down all the matrix. I'm flitted hell I wait for the DVD. 1046 and 560 thanks Lynn. Lynn Samuel's emailed me and alerted me to this article from Information Firing House. And regarding this same thing, about the guy that was arrested. Yeah. More information, Santa Fe Police arrested attorney for commencing made in an internet chat room. A St. John's College Library visit by a former public defender was abruptly interrupted February 13. When a city police officer arrested him about 9pm at the computer terminal he was using, handcuffed him and brought him to arrested him at the computer terminal he was using. That was him and would you shut up handcuffed him and brought him to the Santa Fe New Mexico Police Station for questioning by secret agents from Albuquerque. Andrew J. O'Connor 40 who was released for about 5 hours later said the February 16th Santa Fe New Mexican. I'm going to sue Secret Service Santa Police St. John's and everybody involved in this whole thing. According to O'Connor, the agents accused of making threatening remarks about President George W. Bush in an internet chat room, admitting he talked politics face to face in the library with the woman who was wearing a no-war with a rag button. O'Connor recalled saying that Bush is out of control, but that I'm allowed to say all that. The thing called freedom of speech he said. He also speculated that the FBI might have been observing him because of his one-time involvement in a pro-Palestinian group in border Colorado. Earlier on the same day, O'Connor was questioned officials that saying John's as well as the College of Santa Fe and Santa Fe Community College issued warnings to students and faculty that the FBI had been alerted to the presence of suspicious people on campus within the past four weeks. Concern about threats to individual privacy under the USA Patriot Act is prompted to Mexico legislators in both houses to propose resolutions urging state police not to help federal agents in fringe on civil rights. The resolutions also encourage libraries to post prominent signage warning papers that their library records are subject to federal scrutiny without their permission or knowledge. I think like that. I don't. Jesus Christ. And a public is sitting back. Oh, this guy is great. He's doing a wonderful job. Yeah, Jesus Christ. Someone who lives on his own house. Thank you. HWONTER PURPIONAL PETERS Some people said investors can be the only Tell me you've been joking a long while rambling out about what a great great movie Reckley and Per Dream is. I wasted two hours of my life on the worst Drek I've ever seen since National Born Killers. Absolutely awful. You had a car there today who I thought agreed with me when he told you the movie absolutely blew me away he had the first two words exactly right in the words of the mad dog, doo doo, poo poo kaka it really sucked. This follows George's recommendation of at close range if you want to go more Drek. But as you've said many times there's vanilla bean spec ice cream and fish food different strokes for different folks is what it says. Numbered have a stroke myself. Just read this. What are what they think? In fact you know something this is probably somebody who likes vanilla bean spec ice cream. She had like fish food myself it's got some taste. It's exciting it's delicious it'll kill you. But there are bland people out there with crappy taste who like vanilla ice cream. It's like vanilla like what was that like I can't even think of anything that's bland or vanilla ice cream can you be said boner boy? Ice cream milk. Oh. I'm trying to think of something to compare it to I can't it's just so boring. A snow comb with no syrup. Yeah. It would be like having ice cream with no flavor. I haven't spoken to anyone who's seen that movie that wasn't just blown away in a good way and also I should put out the faxes unsigned which you know I mean you could even make up a name you don't even have the balls to put your name behind it. You're a table that you're taste but your taste sucks okay and if you want to tell me that you wasted time watching Berkeley and for a dream then I would agree with you wasted your time because you're too stupid to understand what a great movie really is. And I wouldn't get or ordinarily it wouldn't get better to shape about almost any other movie because like he says we all got different taste but it's a phenomenal movie. Let's talk to like the acting is brilliant and especially for people living soft Florida man I mean that's that's where it's at that is South Florida over the fine right there in at two hours. See he agrees. You know that's the thing I love about him is he's just spastic I don't have any idea what he's saying or what he's talking about and doesn't make any different need to see he's just a spaz and the word from inside the building is I don't want to mention from Bonerboy but the word inside the building is to look at him and to watch his behavior he's just a spastic in person is he's on a air yeah. With like shaking and quaking and just hyper that's what a lot of that jacked angles do for you. Engine beam and die coke. Let's see George put up some bright orange and neon colored laws dot posters the bright colored signs really catch your eye. Hope it helps. I think that's a suggestion. Oh we're on it. Are you on it as far as the posters go yet? Anybody find Nikki yet? No. Well let's go let's find George is a little pomeranian. Okay this is depressing. Yeah I'm trying not to get to because it is Friday right and I don't want to be depressed all weekend because George is irresponsible. Yeah came a don as a good choice. Now I could happen anybody my dogs got loose a few several times over the years but the course they came right back because they know that after about five minutes I would just go back inside the house and shut the door you know something with my little dog that worked with honey. No no that that tactic work because after a while I got on to his bull crap so when he would get out because I knew he would never go more than a half a block away because he was scared crap was and so I would just shut the door and so after maybe four or five minutes I'd hear hey he'd be at the front door barking just sitting there at the front door this was too curious for it's on good is it really oh yeah I wonder where he got that huh glorious stuff on there's an excellent choice for our poll the most overrated celebrity of all time she makes me gag man and Ricky Martin she makes me gag too you know one thing about Ricky yeah that's what I'm hearing especially when she talks about her hot dates with chicks that is I mean who the hell would believe that you know she floats like a butterfly that Ricky five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty now we're going to get the new poll up there because I'm sure that we already got a whole bunch of good the choices on here they'll give me many votes I don't want to start getting all over iris case again but I will he just called wondering when when he should now now this moment and we'll add to it because this is obviously when we got the whole weekend ahead of us right got the whole weekend ahead so this is one that will you know we'll get finished up I will tie it all up by the end of the show which is to a clock now by the way a lot of people yesterday called into and I wanted to already were like squeezing it man they were excited about it you realize that we went through an entire four hours well three hours and twenty minutes once we got on here we didn't have one female color yesterday in a whole show gee that's new no I mean it's happened before but it's just it's just dawn's on me there's something really really very bizarre about the women of sunflower to the something high I can't put my finger on it and I don't want to which is a good thing for me boy what a great place to be a phag software almost as great as Toronto well the people here look a lot that I just shout out from the horses head obsessed and more what I mean time is continuing to try to well you know I guess when you get to be like almost 70 and all of a sudden you've got to you know you see your career and your life spinning me in front of your eyes and you've got to get up through your clock in a morning every day and then you go on the internet you look on our website and you see that picture oh oh oh I it wouldn't make any difference if I looked at that 400 times a day I still just crack up every time I look at it it's just it's just it's a magnificent it represents him in so many different ways you know what I mean I'm sure you do yeah here's homestead hello me oh I was a girl yes sir how you be it's gotty for all moved up the number two now you're still number one but I listen to him in California he's really a breath of fresh air and maybe this means that more hours on the way out could be five five five I can give a bye bye my party sounds great I come back to town for that oh yeah that'd be great hey did you I know you probably didn't see this but I know George Talkview there was a guy in the homestead the other day that commoner to bust of school bus naked after stealing the gallon of milk and he had the driver take him to a hospital excellent that sounds like a typical soft photo story probably need to make the newspaper no it did it made the newspaper apparently the top to rest of them there he's supposed to be was high on cocaine like I said typical soft photo story okay palmy I'm patty enjoying for hell thanks well they want to hear the side of their own voice what's wrong with that too she wanted to hear the side of your voice no he didn't as anybody else that was bad that was a layup I saw coming that was bad George did a wonderful job an even boner boy we did contributed a magnetism especially on Monday with all those tapes and drop-ins don't ever play a best of tape again no matter what they tell you okay okay seriously don't ever play one those again if they if they like once the next major holiday labor day no the fourth of July the fourth of July what's gonna be happening on the fourth of July a show I'm sure that's not like yeah take it seriously holiday right you're not gonna be working on that day not in fact you probably be still looking for your little dog oh god no I hope no I hope I hope you find this weekend nine year old dog I thought it was just like a little puppy maybe maybe it's just a boy maybe eight you know you're losing your credibility with this dog we'll fasty audience is gonna say you're irresponsible to have a dog oh it's the wife to wow no there's a 1058 at five sixty wqm here's something that's like a real president's delights a west booker where they have presents for all you fan people out there they've got all the atkins products they've got all the products in the world for low carb sugar free diets seconds and all the others and now they've got new stuff as they always do the new almond snack cakes by control carb that come in blueberry banana or classic almond each serving is only got one effect of grammar carbs or sample the life new chocolate raspberry muffled the only one if you like something to crunch on something crunchy and munchy and travel one of their three new flavors of low carb racketships so whether it's carbolite ice cream breads rolls cheesecakes, chockeys, pasta sauces or any of the other six hundred plus low carb foods you'll find them all on this one great store cause it's dedicated to you fat folks the lice of west booker and you can always try it before you're buying it they have an eligible staff and no dieting inside and not backward and forward they're open every day seven days a week 10 to 10 and create the most complete line of all I can brands products that are always 25% off all day every day. Atkins died as rated number one so head for the number one low carb sugar free store in the world the lice of west book on the northeast corner of glazed in 441 right next to Boston marketer column tool free one eight seven seven low carb check them out on the web at low carb dot com don't forget there's only one real the lice of west book and it's your official atkins retail centerional I'm talking off my blush and spiking. Yeah, that's the way he like it. He is a summer, 261. That's when I meant you pay. Yeah, we're hot and hatch on fun. And then we went all the way. And then we went all the way. He like it. Everybody grabbed my chest. And I kept it. It got off my mouth. And I spiked it. Yeah, that's the way he like it. We're getting in the boat. We're getting in the boat. We may love on every one. One time it hit me. I'm talking off my blush. I'm talking off my blush. Everybody, he like it. You're around my skirt. And I kept it. I kept it off my mouth. And spiked it. Yeah, that's the way. He like it. 11.5. 11.5. 60. 30. What about? He goes to me a day. Oh, I mean he means he means anything. To talk about somebody is pretty good. him is the painful and he just inherited Carson's gig. That's all. Other than that, how do you like him? Hade him. Marilyn Monroe, Carson, what the hell do you do daily? Is also on the DJ Valentine's on those Carson daily? Julia Roberts and Will Smith. Now here's one and they just don't get it, see? Most overrated celebrity, Jay Feedler. We're not talking sports people. Okay, got it. Uh-huh. Good. Jay Feedler. I mean, Jay tries hard. I don't want to get it with sports thing, but I will say since I'm, you know, I have an opinion on every goddamn thing. Jay Feedler tries hard. He's not a great athlete. He's not a great quarterback. He's never going to be. The dolphins are never win the Super Bowl with him a quarterback. But he tries hard. He's a he's a guy he's an over-achiever. You know, so you're giving points for that. You don't want to knock him too much. But he's not a great quarterback and ever will be. There's nothing else to say about that. He's just, you know, he's a journeyman who gives him a good shot and, uh, okay. Now what can you say? Five six seven. I think probably somebody who's anti-Somans. Okay. I don't you? Yep. Probably George wrote it. Well, George is under a lot of stress. You know, he's trying to find his damn little door. That is so bad. Yeah. That is so sad. Here's Pembroke Park, hello. Hey, Mr. Router, tell you today, sir. Okay. Good. Martha Stewart. Martha Stewart, you've a choice. That bitch. Yeah, definitely definitely overrated. Definitely overrated. And that's it, sir. Okay. Thank you. Have a great weekend. Bye. Bye. Okay. We're taking the choices for our poll. Also comments on the moversus, uh, the new lead in we got now for well on a radio who's on from eight to ten every morning. The part of the spelled bell. Let's see. Like I told you, I actually just a little tidbits to him like that. So it's a good way to like ease yourself into them as opposed to the the culture shock you get. Oh, yeah, I saw this story. Man caught on kiss camera. Rest at a reds game. A man wanted on parole violations. Return to jail after his parole officer spotted him kissing his girlfriend and live crowd shot on the scoreboard at a reds game. Hey, they always had those the kiss cams, you know, right? You've seen that even somebody hates sports like you. And then of course, when they put the couple on her to suppose to kiss in the crowd. Ah, yeah. And sometimes they don't. And of course, sometimes they put two guys on her, especially if they're worrying, you know, like, jerseys for the visiting team. Are they supposed to kiss? Well, that's the idea. And sometimes they do, which really brings them off. So I guess that'll teach him. He won't be doing that again towards game or any of place else anytime soon. Here's the chronic facts. He says I'm a lifelong moderate Republican who was terrified of this guy George W. I'm afraid of where this country's future is if he's reelected. I'm also very nervous with this online security deal. The story where I did anger and concern me, but when I heard the arrested man had former Palestinian ties, I could definitely see the justification in that. He had former the Palestinian ties. I see. Right. Well, I'm not going to follow it. Line him all up. Anybody who's a pro-Palestinian, line him all up, especially if they dare to criticize our fearless leader. Right. And we also have the stories that today, or was it yesterday with the story about the the person of interest? He's the guy who was yesterday. How fill? Was it? Stephen had feel about how they're like following him morning noon. No, it's on today's website. Yeah. Still had fill. Here it is. You were say today. Anthrax investigators tail scientists 24 seven. For 10 months Stephen Hadkel hasn't been able to go to the store. Take a walker. Be interviewed for a job without being tailed by the FBI. Hadkel 48, the only person identified publicly by the justice department as a person of interest in the investigation in the anthrax attached to years ago has been kept under 24 seven surveillance by FBI agents who haven't been subtle. They routinely follow him in several cars and trucks and they take pictures of wherever he goes. Earlier this month, Hadkel and his watchers clashed on the street in George Town, Hadkel says an FBI employee driving one of the tail vehicles ran over his foot. Washington Police gave Hadkel a ticket for walking to create a hazard. Oh god. The FBI's tactics appear to be designed to put pressure on him a former researcher at the US Army Medical Research Institute of Inflections Diseases at Ford D. Creek in Frederick, Maryland. But four law enforcement sources for major with the anthrax probe say the real reason for the round the clock surveillance is rooted in the FBI's new mission of preventing terrorism. FBI officials believe they can't risk the embarrassment of losing track of Hadkel even for a few hours and then being confronted with more anthrax attacks, he has not been charged so the FBI's got no basis to seize his passport, another reason why agents continue to tail him. I think you ought to like head out to the airport every day. Not going anywhere, just hang out. Just to aggravate them. You don't get them like all nervous and on edge. You're like a mil ton moment every day. Go with buy a ticket, cash it in. There you go. You don't have to buy a ticket. All you gotta do is take a cab of the airport and then just take a cab back home. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line on a spectacular Friday. Don't forget we got all the big doons. We got Georgia's afternoon. Three to five and four law today. I'll hurry on federal just south of open Park Boulevard. Want to climb new into one. We got Miguel at the Jefferson. What is it? Peterson? Peterson, Harley. Just south of Ivory Road on 441. Got free Marlon tickets for tonight's game. courtesy of the real yellow pages from Velsau. And then tomorrow from 111 Georgia Long with Voner Boy. We'll be out at Bill Siddles Boulevard of Savings located in Northwest 36th. Just west of 27th Avenue in Miami where they have no ID who either Georgia or Voner Boy are. Stop five for prizes and free food from the line of city subs and they do know what that is. So come on. They really please. They come and send which a guy. As someone's a guy and Georgia be the someone's a guy out there. So be sure to get there early. He'll be there 111. I could there like 1040 would be good. Here's a call from plantation. Hello. Yeah, I just like to say I love Mal. Yeah. I love the New Jersey Devil. And I love my country for getting our gas down nice and low. Okay, now how much you pan? Yeah, getting it to the nice and low. You you pan the low price for gas. I got to spig it at my house. Yeah. How do you like that? Another way of it is whatever I say I'm wrong. He's a Mr. Country. There's a no Mr. Country. Oh, oh, let's hear it. You know something. Everything that you just said it all fits in perfect. At least you're consistent. Everything that is anxious, obnoxious and unacceptable. You relate to which I think you know, look in a mirror sweetheart. Five, six, seven, five, six day and by the way, it devils. The devils will be the end of the national hockey league. Anybody who could watch the finals this year. These two games are watched in period. It's it's enough to put you in an absolute 20 year coma. awful. This is exactly what's wrong with a sport and great. Batman says, oh, there's no problem. We just make the net a little bit bigger. Right. A disgrace of disaster. You can't complain about the action because there isn't any. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Yeah, sir. I was going to ask you, um, who had the naked kisses of a great, we, uh, to go out and hide a person out of the house. You'd like to know what, after this year, you'll probably have to naked pictures on. Yeah. You guys got naked pictures of me in a billi go. No, no, no. So, you don't like him. You're the first color that doesn't like him. No, no, no, quite the opposite. Oh, by the opposite. I'm saying. So, so what does it mean? Well, for great, for great, to go out and actually hide us in one work something is a surprise. And I was saying, well, they were somebody got some naked pictures. I see. I got you. Okay. Oh, it's my first and I'm used to saying, uh, Bob Newwood is the top of my list. And also, I also mentioned real smith. There's a photo of this white jade up whatever it name. Think it, um, thickened thick tongue down one of the, uh, uh, uh, uh, cold star on the movie shoot just then. All right. Yeah. I mean, thick tongue right down it's broke. You know, the bluish softest. All right. Anyway, uh, little deep dry and the less I'm me, uh, broke. Okay. I revitted it. Wow. So, so we still have any negative votes. So, I'm fairly lucky like that. Yeah. What? Providence passed 11 at 5. 60. WQAM. Oh, look at that. What the hell is that? I just did a most bizarre thing. Well, I don't want to tell you about it. Oh, come on. Oh, on the DCS. I just, uh, I just, uh, I just accidentally hit my mouse. It's 11 13. A QM. See how the time is moving along. Real fast. Just keep giving the time before you notice another minute ahead. We got some votes on a poll. It's up. Who was there is the most overrated celebrity of all time? We got, uh, what? What? We got? Because there's a lot of zero there. 52 votes. So far, Michael Jackson 17, Justin Tinkerbell 10, Elvis 5, Rosio Donald 4, Bob Hope for I voted for him. Never said a funny line in his life. We're right. I carry four. Sanatra 4. Ricky Martin 1, Gloria Stephon 1, being cross B1, Jay Leno 1 and nobody else has any votes yet. Are we adding about new heart? Yeah. Why not? Okay. That dark eye don't like Bob Newheart. Okay. So these two pasty, two pasty white. You know, the Neil Leos keep on rollout from Tom Leeman and Joe Prieto and Helipani, GMC. They just keep rolling pump it up on out. Here's Neil the number one. It's waiting for you right now. Get zero percent financing for 60 months on every 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock. Neil, the number two, get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2000 and 3 GMC in Pontiac in stock. Let me see it again. Get you up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 or a car or truck in stock right now. An attention on you, current and former military personnel, get yourself an additional $750 rebate from your friends at hell at. And here's a Neil end of the month deal. Let's go today into tomorrow only because these last two days of May. Tom and Joe will take an additional $500 off on some of the Pontiac and GMC's most popular models but act quick like right now because this Neil deal is only good through tomorrow the end of the month. And of course, how long does always just got a spectacular unbeatable selection of certified pre-owned carstrochness UVs? And don't worry about getting turned on for credit because they're not picky like most car dealers. Even if you have marginal credit, even if you want new for well out of town, they'll still probably be able to cut your deal. Hall of Pontiac GMC 134-01 South-Tixie Highway that's US-1 across from the falls open every day seven days a week. For more info called the Neil Deal Hotline toll free, it's 1-4-8-534-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-11. Don't forget all Neil Deal submitted to credit approval, see Vita Ford details, and Hall of Pontiac GMC and believe you me, they are professional grades. I was gonna get up and find the boom, but then I got up. I was gonna go to class before I got up. Come on, you'll take it out. Hey, my child support, but then I got up. No, you went. Those are the troops support order work order's yesterday. It's simply remarkable that a single company could earn so much money from the war in Iraq says old Henry. Yeah, with his big vaults spot. I do like that. Bidians, just a coincidence. For that guy that's so happy for the low price of gas that he's got right now. Don't confuse these people with effects, man. They'll rationalize it that they'll make it come out how readily one. Five, six, seven, oh, plus he's a devil's fan. You know, about 40 of them. What do you think? Here's Delray B, Shilla. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, you know, that whole halibut thing, if you read into that article, further all those decisions were made like over a year ago. So that only confirms that this whole Iraq war was thought of way, four years ago, man, 1999. That's when the Penaque people said, done a Mac. This whole strategy. Exactly. First of all, I want to say I can grab on getting your whole Valor's back because that's not only gives me an extra hour of Bob and Tom in the morning. Yeah, it worked out quite well. Two people for your poll would have to be Larry. I mean, Jesus, that guy's, he's got no talent whatsoever. And so that's the throne. Slice the loans, everyone. These horrible. I mean, I don't think he's ever made a good movie. Yeah, people pay millions to your film. Because he's dumb and they can relate to him. Just like our president, good. I think it's a good parallel. Hey, and I have another very good file for you, and I'm hoping that you'll play it. And that is the, and I'm wondering if you've ever seen them in the same room together, that is the Brad the Booger Bell Monta doing the Dolphins fight song and for Elf. Yeah. Do you don't think that Brad the Booger sounds just like him? A little bit. Now that you listen to it. See you then, baby, up next break. And let's give it a shot. Okay. I love you. See you, pal. Bye, bye. Bye. Ever thought about that? The bills fight song? Good print. Yeah. What's that under his head under Buffalo? Uh, oh, it's under. It's under that. So we'll get to it. 25 past 11 at five 60. What sets schedule look like today? We're here to attend the two past the word. Get your sandwich boards up. Right up and down. Looking road mall up and down. A sunrise lakes get all those old fart subsets. Oh, that's why I mentioned to my name. Neal tended to Jim Manichette, Hooters and Pepper Pines, two to four this afternoon. What's out all about? It. A fortest 70 got the Humperous a whole three hours today, man. Wow. The idea is Simon for the Humper for the seven. Marlins on deck at seven 735. It's a Cincinnati Ridge and a Marlins. And then you got the, oh, I, well, this is too much clearance. I mean, between the promos and the new revised contest and this, we got no show to it like yesterday with 85 minutes breaks. U.M. baseball versus Bethoon Cookman, the NCAA regules on 790 AM Waxi, any K after the Marlin Ridge game that I'd like around 10 30 till 2 in a morning and then ESPN ready overnight. Wow. So what's the take by Joe and Mark of their shirt now is now? They haven't spoken to them since before. Well, at least they can do his, uh, get with you this weekend and go out and have to find it little dog. Yeah. No calls yet. No. No spy reports on no Nikki. No hope at the door. They're looking. Well, good. Everybody. Everybody. Thank you. Everybody over there in Hollywood. Of course, it's going to take Simonos old folks a little extra time to get started. My local weird sports video 560's UAM. The good can keep us packer in his hands. Now with days and spirits, especially when I dance in the room, there's a fun who revs much. Great, my face just fell off and pay a bit. I'm back still looting the crew. You know, oh yeah, I'm back. I'm back. You listening to my lower back. You know I'm back. I'm back. You're the king of soccer, sir. I'm gonna pay up all the rest of the dance and run after them afraid. I'll pay some back. I'm back. 1131 at 560 WQAM. Here's our poll question today. Who is or was the most overrated celebrity of all time? MJ's leading. Michael's got 22. Rosio Donald 15. We hate her like poison on his show. She makes me nauseous just in Tinkerbell 14. Elvis Presley's got 11. Tia told you he would do well because this crowd is not this is not the Elvis crowd. Although we do have some asslaming some guys out there that could slip to Grace Land by their wives and then call it on the show and tell us what a great time they had and I can't wait to go back. Oh my god, I'd be embarrassed to admit that in public. Wouldn't you? I would not. That you went to Grace Land? I wouldn't admit I was there. Oh, and actually went voluntarily. I mean, I couldn't understand if he said you were kidnapped and put in a truck of a car. And somebody slipped you up to Grace Land. Elvis has got 11. Madonna's got nine. Senators got nine. Mariah Carey 7. You know, she doesn't get the message. She's one of those people in denial. Nobody buys her albums anymore. Louise told her to take a crap and get lost. And nobody wants anything to do with that bitch and she just continues trying to make these comebacks. She can't sing for crap. She's got that one big misshapen breast in the middle of her chest and she's nauseating and she just don't get them as just kind of like Moe. Ever seen the two of them together? Mariah's got seven Carson. Davies got seven. That's a good pairing. Gloria Stephon six Bob Hope six will Smith has got four. Jay Leno's got four. I'm happy to see that Ricky Martin. She's got three. Dean Martin, being cross-be Julia Roberts, share Martha Stewart each have one. No votes yet from Maryland, Monroe or Bob Newhart. Out of 1202 votes. Oh, let's go. Go. Huh? They don't remember them. Don't remember who? See? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Do you know we still haven't had a woman call her? No. But we have had a Joe caller. What do you mean? A Joe castell will call it up here to say. They're making the best of what they got and, you know, power to the people. They're not. Is that what he said? They're making the best of what they got. Right. You all hang on to what you all know until Moe gets tired. I mean, no, but until they get more the rest of the way out the door and then they can go back to two to six. See, like I said yesterday, Joe will be the good at Tang and Boy that he is. He's like a human accordion so they can expand or contract. They can open it up and close it back. They can do two to five to the six. Whatever whatever it takes to get the job done. And you heard what for Weld did the, Jay, choral the other day when I said, when you're going to be doing six to ten, you remember that? Oh, yeah. Well, I'll be won't be long. It won't be long. They'll have the moment after the door and I guess Geldi can do the updates, which, which that at least will be respectable. The one thing about the for Weld thing, I feel so bad for them. They settled in with the beast. Why did they do that to him? If Greg is so crazy about for Weld, why did they put the beast in there with him? Make those sounds on the air, Carlos. So they could have somebody sucking his hands. I don't think for all needs that, anybody sucking his ass. He's a lot more, you know, but he's not, he's not the big boy. Yeah, he's a big boy. He's not emotional and he's not a basketball case. He doesn't have to have everybody around him sucking his ass like that. In addition, which is if the beast is an assucker, how come I didn't work so good in the early morning hours before? Well, stop stopping ask yourself that question. Here's Lauder Hill. Hello. Uh, Bobo. What was it? Clean sweet, need none of us heard it. Here's Tamarack, hello. Hello, I'm Neil. Yes sir. You know one person you need to put on the list. Who you in the teeth? Who? Queen Latifa. Oh, Queen Latifa. Need to be on the top of the list, man. Okay. Wait over it. I got a downman. See ya. Five six, you want to meet about these lists. Yeah. One thing. But we still haven't had one woman call in a day and a half on his show. A moment this day yesterday. We got the whole big lineup change. We get back to 10 to two. Oh, most of our audience are squeezing themselves and squeezing each other. Even at kid that was bragging about the low price against at the devil's fan. Man, you call that hockey. You putts. That's pathetic. That's tragic. And by the way, I hate to disappoint out. This is a team that doesn't come close. The selling out most of the regular season games and the early rounds that are playoffs, don't even sell them out. They're only right there at between New York and affiliate in the middle of about 20 million people and they just they can't pack the joint. Pretty sad. Pretty embarrassing if you asked me. Five six seven because who now wants to go watch an event that's like listening to paint dry. Here's a call from Jupiter. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Oh, hey, I could hear you. I had a couple for your lip. Okay. Now he can eminem. Lies of an LA and M&M are two magnificent choices. Yeah, they both. Mm-hmm. That's all I got. Okay. Thanks, Pally. Thank you. See ya. Yeah, Lizes, a heel-up over there. Someone is she in where she's somewhere in Italy. I don't know. She can she fell down a broker in Nick Capag and probably a little earlier. Still a neaverated or something. She's got a problem. He's not overrated but he's an overweight celebrity. Who's that? Hi, Pally. Don't tell me he's in in the fat flesh. Oh, boy. Tell her while we're off the year during the break or when you're off the year just shut your mic. Tell the story about that transaction needed. Thanks for screwing up my life. You fat turd. Anytime, buddy. Yeah, nice going. You idiot. Okay. Yeah, probably screwed up that account for the rest of your life. You're probably a little bit too much. Yeah, I'm probably gonna have to go back in a hospital. You're done. You didn't mean to. What is he babbling about? No idea. That they want to give us a bit for the hot couples contest. Get lost, fat boy. Get lost. Okay. Don't go away mad. Just go away. You fat turd. Crap you. And tell your neighbor we hate him too. Let's go to a pepper pine, hello. Yeah, if you have Bobbers tried in on that list. Nobody don't, but that's a good choice. Bobbers tried in his un-touncing a big post-big cross-eyed cross-eyed. She was better than Elliot Gourmet. That's a disgusting thought. Who got the work done to that? You know it's more disgusting than Neil. What did I review to you? 560560 pound 560 on the ATC. Not even funny anymore. He's just tragic. She tragic. The most overrated celebrity of all time, Michael Jackson 23, Justin Tinkerbell 18, Rosio Donald 17, Elvis 13, Sanatre 11, couldn't sing his way out of a paper sack in spite of what a lot of you old-farts think. He used to talk the song, never sang a song. He was just talking and schmolts it up a little bit, you know? Well he couldn't be bothered. Yeah, when he couldn't, he couldn't do it. That they couldn't be bothered. They just couldn't do it. It wasn't a singer. I heard that story. Madonna 10, Gloria S. Stefan 9, Mariah Carey, who's really scary. And they love the hate, Mariah. She's a pariah in the music world. Carson daily's got seven. Do you know anybody that likes Carson daily? No. In my life I have never, and of course remember the days back when we used to watch MTV a lot when I actually played videos? No. Yeah, you do. Of course I'm being a hard ass. Back when we had all day avoid man's and the Brittany was first to shaken it all that stuff was on our own. Oh man Carson daily, I've never encountered anybody alive even animals run for the hills when they see his ass. Blanned. Oh, a bland and then self-aggrandizing man and ego to say he makes most ego look like a pial like a ball bearing. That's what a gigantic ego trip he's on Carson daily. He's got seven votes. Look at more. Ricky Martin got six. Jay Leno's got six. Oh wait my Carson daily just hop. The thing just changed here. Of course daily's up to eight. Let's hear it. Oh, you have to eight. Jay Leno Bob Hope and Ricky Martin needs to have six. Shears got four Martha Stewart's got four. Will Smith has got four. That's called with two Fs at the end. Julia Roberts and Marilyn Monroe each have a pair. Being crossed me in D Martin one and Bob Newhart don't have any. I don't know why that dark, complexive guy said Bob Newhart. I've heard a lot of people say that about Bob. But he was right. Now I tend to agree with him. I mean, Bob Newhart way back in the, uh, I don't know, late 50s early 60s. You know, he was, uh, I don't know, he was okay. But very bland and really boring guy. If you're like real real like low key county is that effective. I had to change my vote. I vote for God damn Newhart. I'll come down with five six seven. Oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T of a rise of wireless line. There's a lot of one for your list. J. Lowe, how could we have left her off there this long? Who other so many good choice? She does have a lovely ass all 600 pounds of it. Speaking of lovely ass, we almost lost it with forever the yesterday during the time the station was off here. We were chatting Georgian. I both almost turned on him because he made some comment about Dorine. Yeah. And I thought he said she had a great ass. Well, I know I thought about that. He was talking about a rack. I'm not just talking about her having a big ass. Yeah. It's what he said. Right. But see, I've got that whole thing figured out. Yeah. He couldn't see past her breasts. Is that one of one of the rest? She's online. 1146 at five 60 WI have another name for the list which I don't dare even say it. Because I know that I'm going to get all kinds of grief for saying it. It's just my own personal opinion. Just like that smuck who didn't like uh, a wreck we impure dream. Jerry sign fell. Okay. Jerry sign fell. Put him on there. Definitely overrated. He's a great actor. I think I killed him. Yeah. Put me right over the age. That was the end of me. I mean, what is the attraction with him? Does he look good? No. Is he funny? No. Is he uh an actor? No. What is he attraction with him? Jewish? Oh, then New York Jew. And in fact, that's one of the reasons I can't stand him. He's like, he's that stereotype. You know, for the same reason a lot of people can't stand Barbara Strassen. He is like a wall. I've never said this before. He's like a walking of billboard for anti-Semitism. Jerry sign fell. Just that dripping New York Jewy kind of, you know, I'm talking about. Oh yeah. Oh. Now we're getting a battle here. Oh, look at this. Three-way battle. Who is or was the most overrated celebrity of all time? I like this. Michael Jackson, 24 votes. Rosie O'Donnell, 21. Justin Tinkerbell. Bye bye. 20. Madonna's got 13. Elvis 13. Gloria Stephon 12. Samantha's got 11 Mariah Carey's got nine Carson daily eight Bob Hope 7. J. Lennon Martha Stewart Ricky Martin's have six. Sharon will Smith has four piece. Maybe heaven four. Marilyn Monroe and Julia Roberts too. Why would they say that about for Julia Roberts? I don't know. She won an Oscar. She's adequate. I think she's a fine actress. I think she's very good. But I mean, you know, that's a big cross-be one. D Martin won. No votes yet for Bob Newhart. Larry King slides to Lone, Queen La Tifa, or Barbara Strassen. And we put J. Lone Jerry sign fell on the up. But we will. We will right away even though Bonerboys pretty upset about the sign fell thing. Do you watch that show? I mean, when it was on, did you watch it? Yeah. And you liked sign fell? Well, he was the worst one on the show. I mean, I watched the funny. And you thought that was a good show? That's all right. The story lines were good. Yeah. I mean, especially relatively, yeah. He was a funny. He wasn't funny. Everybody else was. Right. I'm going to pop a few pills now. Reds and oranges. Lose about one 30. That. That. That. That. That fact we had just had to be a ballbust. You know, that guy would have been a speck ice cream. I think. Because we got a follow-up facts that I threw in the garbage saying a lot of the same thing, but just the dripping with fake fakeness. Oh. Oh, in other words, like like we really like it. It's going to score my whole weekend. If I find out there's somebody out there that don't like some movie I like. We can't. There's a my singer. We're going to spoil a whole list of me. Five six seven. Oh, five 60. The most important thing is we find George's dog this weekend. It's important thing. It's fine with a Mickey. Little pomeranian. Little tan pomeranian. You know what pomeranians look like? Little, uh, I mean, it's got, well, you know, white underneath. I need little dog like five six seven pounds, whatever they weigh. I wish you. Pomerans are cute. And you got to find it there in Hollywood. Okay. And what we're going to do is we're going to put George's address on the website. Phone number. Phone number. Oh, picture of his house. Well, he had the impeccable gentleman. We know where you live in Hollywood by a 95 area over there, right? 95 in Sheridan. Yeah, 95 in Sheridan Street. All of take pictures of the front and the back of the house that they can find it by boat. In fact, maybe he went over there to put the balls back onto on that poster on a billboard. When it's Sheridan, 441, and maybe where he's headed right now. Is he, was he, is it a he? It's a he. Now he was big black balls. If you're looking at him from behind. Oh, no. He's still got balls. Oh, yeah. Big black balls. Black. How could a pomeranian have black balls? Yep. That's what they are. Jesus. No wonder he ran away from home. He's looking for something. Oh, well, me, that maybe he's busy right now. That's hope. Maybe he's doing the old in-out, up and down. Asmo. Here's a lady in heaven. Sure. Hello. Neil. Yes, man. Here's our first lady in two days. That's why I called you. I'm well, this is. We're three cents all the women out there. And that's all here. And never call all both of them right. And I wanted to, uh, I was going to add Jay low to your list, but you beat me to it. Um, I like to add her DNA. You'll have a. Okay. There's another one. Good one. And, um, congratulations on your time change. I hated the 9 to 1. I love the 10 to 2. Yeah, me too. And I hope George finds his dog. That's a shame. Isn't that awful? What a way to go into the weekend, huh? It is. It is. I'm sure he'll come home after he gets a little something. Right. That's probably what he's looking for. Probably. That's a little bit of a guy. He probably got that from George. Yeah. Probably. Thanks. We are. You're welcome. We are looking weekend. You too, bye. Bye. Bye, George. Take care. Thank you. You're welcome. Christina Agueler, get that bitch on here. Okay. Although I do like that new one. That beautiful. Let us song a video. Uh, the newer one is also kind of visual visual. We've got new one beside beautiful. Yeah. It's, uh, artsy, artsy, it's cool. Lookin. Well, where do you see music videos anymore? And two. Oh, I see. If I'm too shows it. Oh, no, you know what this is? I have no idea what he wants. It's much music, but they have a segment where it's called French kiss. Uh, where's we see in America, freedom kiss. Right. And these are frog videos. Can't you hear? They're speaking in frog. Okay. Oh my god. They'll probably take the shoe off the ear if they find out that we had that on. Uh, huh? Is this one of those pet and guild bits? No, this is what are you talking about? I thought it was too funny. What the hell was that? Leah, wasn't it? This is French cartoon. You do too snurling. And for those of you who are holios out there that can't get enough of it in South Florida, we've even got some anail on TV here too. Five, six, seven, oh, five makes me feel just like I'm at home, which is why I don't want to hear any more of it. 1153 at 560 W to QM, the most overrated celebrity of all time is our poll today on Ewrojo's.com. Also check out our bedtime stories and let's get those contestants in there for the third hot couples contest. Maybe we exhausted our hot couples, huh? The people that didn't win can resubmit and now that they know what kind of pictures this crowd likes. Right. That's right. Even if you look like crap, if you have like the less clothing you have under to more votes, you're going to get these. But you don't even have to show your face as long as you we don't want to see your private. Okay. I mean we'll have to do it. Just your corpals. No, seriously. Do we want to see like stark naked pictures with all the, a prime? I mean you can't break it, but I'll cover it up. The important parts. We'll do a lot of a bunch of little pumps on there and then of course there'll be some Ojama provocatorals. Oh, you got naked pictures with penises and vagina. We have the black bar. We'll put it over it. No, we won't. Probably it's 50,000. Huh? 50,000 hits a minute on our website. Well, you'll have to check it out for yourself. Michael Jackson's got 27 Justin Tinkerbell is moving past Rosie like she's staying in like she's squatting still or other tied. Michael 28 Justin Rosie 25 and those are the three contenders right now. The others are all pretenders and those are the three contenders. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. And you know what Kevin Coughner? Yeah, he bugs me. Man, that guy's got zero freaking talent like, and zero personality. He's got no pressure. It's just so he falls asleep watching his movies. So I'm going to send you the phone. Let's sleep. That's it. You're over it. And outstanding choice. And you know what? Also, definitely glorious to find. You can come in for that one and yeah, all of the other ones. Man, they won't get a vote each. But you know, in reality, the overrated person, now he's on a fit to celebrity. But I mean definitely George W Bush. I mean, thank you. I saw a rated the 30 of fine. Amen. Okay. Have a great week. We'll have life. And quit while you're head. Five, six, seven. Here's my 75 choices for the poll today. Poor the 4000 most overrated celebrities of all time. George W. He's in a separate category. Yeah. I mean, in fact, when we get to lose the most overrated dumb person of all time. Like that, with the most overrated period. See, it's sliced alone. I don't think it is an act in his case. I'm going to say that's an act. I don't think it is an act. I think he's his dumb as he comes across. He's a dullard. Well, you know, you wrote that script for Rocky. You're great. Man, my impressed. Well, but George, that's always what, you know, what it takes, whether it's music, whether it's, you know, they dream they have somebody right. That makes him great right off the bat. No. So he's going to start knocking knocking Marvin Gigg. He's dead. Yeah. He don't care. You can knock him up. See, it's one thing about somebody if they're dead. Like Elvis or Sonatra, Ripperman ass. Okay. They don't care. They're dead. And, father then, how about being cross-be. He's dead. Ripperman ass boring old, uh, troll childbe. Look at that. The phone is ringing. Must be another package, Zanne. What package could I possibly have come into the forl's package bubble head? Or yeah, for else, I'm going to have if you don't want to get our best of meal CD, I guess you can get them both. You can get forl's a package on a bubble head. Hmm. And you can sit it on the a passenger seat in your car on your way to work in a round town or be an income like padded on. Oh yeah. Yeah. Three minutes till noon at 5.60. Here's something else that you ought to pop in your post. And that's Olio Med. Olio Med Sox. Else contain the best olive oil on a planet. It's not just ordinary pedestrian olive oil. It's super concentrated. Loaded with all kinds of good stuff for you. Olio Med in your mouth. There we take it up. Reduce the risk of heart disease in high cholesterol. And there are now our 14 different Olio and formulas for much to choose. Each one containing pharmaceutical rate olive oil with vitamin minerals and herbal support specific health needs from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system. All you have to do is pick out the formulas that are right for what you're out for what Elgea. And now they have three new Olio Med formulas. One to help you sleep, one to help you control your weight and sell Q10 for your heart. Picks up up today. Why do you do when you're shopping? Pick it up at publics, records, Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Navarro's or Sedanos or a can order Olio Med online. If you want an Olio Med America.com, if you want more information about there's stupidest products call, one 866 Olio Med. It's a toll free call. One 866 6536633 for better health. Start poppin some Olio Med in your post today. Why do you burst in? Tonight, on American movie classics, we've pretty much run out of anything worth seeing. I mean, truthfully, how many movies can really be called classics? If it does an 8 tops, you got your citizen king and gone with a win on the waterfront. Maybe you walk out think of any more. So tonight, AMC presents a true classic. How Stella got a groove back? I'm totally serious. Then in 11, it's how Stella got a groove back. We're going to play twice. Other classics this week include pretty in pink, East Off, the cable guide, Zulander, glitter, Howard the Doc, French kiss that Meg Ryan will be no one soft. And Vavashap. Because now AMC stands for American movie crap. All right. I think just as a protest of that one fact, I'm going to watch it again this weekend. Good. Reckley, I'm for a drink. But anybody don't like that movie. Your taste is in your toe show. Okay. I'm begging you. Please this weekend. Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. Okay. And the other one I got to watch is, um, ravage, does that the name of it? I don't know. That wasn't one of my something like that. And what's that mad Dylan movie that begins with a B? Oh, well, was it drugstore cowboy? Yeah, yeah, brushed her cowboy. Yeah, it begins with a B. The, the born, uh, something, born identity. Okay. Just got through saying 12, 3 at 5, 60 WM, it's our noon to one hour, which is not, uh, not a big deal anymore. Used to be, we're waiting for the one to two hour. You know, yesterday I did this verse repeating just in case anybody missed it. Because then I don't want you to say I didn't warn you. I was nine days in Amsterdam. I wouldn't wish you'd on Hitler and the Iatola and Osama, your mama and Sodom over here. And now it's going to be even worse. Dutch coffee shops famous for selling cannabis are about to see business. Go up in smoke is what it says in this story. Officials have just put the finishing touches to a measure banning smoking in cannabis selling cafes. Do to get government approval soon, the law aims to protect employees of all companies from passive smoking. Any coffee shop that has employees will be affected too, said Trudy Prince, director of Dutch anti-smoking groups devoral. Although cannabis is formally illegal in Netherlands, its use in sale are tolerated under strict government conditions. Coffee shops where customers can buy a small amount of cannabis without fear of arrest are a major tourist draw. Should say, we're a major tourist draw. You can't complain about the tourist in Amsterdam now because they aren't any. Coffee shop owners were aghast. It says the whole point of going to a coffee shop is to smoke, said Arjan Ross Gams, chairman of the Union for cannabis retailers. The Netherlands boast about 800 cannabis cafes. Welcome to join an Amsterdam coffee shop. Vise with canal boat tourist trips to the flower market and of course trips to the Red Light District, which I know they didn't put in here for a place on tourist itemaries. I do like them apples, man. The world is becoming more and more repressive, more ass backward. It's enough to make your start pop and pills. Red ones, green ones, blue ones, and then you couple orange ones too. After ones they must be citrus good for the Florida economy. Right? And chewable. 560, 050, 050, 050, 050 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line are pulled today on your rages.com, who is or was. The most overrated celebrity of all time, Rosie is just moving in a first place with a big burst must because Fathboy was in her while ago. You know when my phone rang before the break, yeah, then I went out there to check it during a commercial break and there was no message on there. So that's probably Fathboy. Is behind whoever that was con. If this fat piece of turd don't stop messing with my life, don't ever call here or have anybody call here again. You piece of crap you okay? You big gigantic piece of oozing human excrement. Rosie 32, Michael's reaction 28 and just in ticker about 25. Gloria's doing a very commendable fourth. Gloria Estefan with 17. She's a local favorite. Yeah, exactly. A local despise one. Here's sunrise, hello. Yeah, I knew the one did. Yes sir. That's your best one. It all your most most like person. How about Oprah? Oprah's good. Oprah's not on the list. Not yet. Can't believe it. Well there's so many, you know. I know. I mean we were waiting for you. There you go. Have a good day. I got to get to work here. I'm going to get caught by him. Okay, thanks. He's almost going to get caught. Oprah. Oprah would be good. Let's get that bitch. Oprah on list made the billions of dollars we have no idea why. Oprah and you want to know why she's made all that money because there's a lot of stupid women in the country. I mean there's many stupid men but there's a lot of stupid women who are like sheep. In fact, Clara's was tell me that sheep are about as close as he's gotten yet to real women so far. Isn't that what he said? He was a little bit sheepish about tell me that that was bad. That was bad. You're right. 560560. The palm of God. Bad story from Vegas. Fire destroys a historic Vegas casino. I never heard of it. I guess I never heard of it. The historic casino that was once the only integrated gambling spot in Vegas and played host at Alexa's Sanby Davis Junior, Frank Sinatra and that king Cole was destroyed by fire yesterday. Three people were injured about 100 others were evacuated from apartments that were once the Mulan Rouge's casino hotel rooms. The apartments were separate from the casino and did not burn. The injured two residents in a firefighter were treated the hospital released. The Mulan Rouge about a kilometer northwest of the downtown casino district opened in 1955. It excuse me. In 1955 is the only integrated casino in Nevada. Sanatra, Cole and Davis were among the headliners who appeared in the club Rouge showroom. The casino closed after only six months, but in 1960, city and gambling was met there to officially desegregate the Vegas strip. This is a big loss for Nevada and for the African American culture said Dale Scott, chief executive of the Mulan Rouge development corpus is renovating the property and planned to be open to casino on its 50th anniversary. The long closed properties had a string of owners and renovation plans and has been a long time focus of preservationist. This month it was listed among 11 Nevada history places in danger being lost to development of the pressures. Firefighters arrived at the building north of downtown shortly after one aim to find a roof and gulf and flames the building was gutted. Oh north of downtown, what do I never seen it? I mean downtown is bad enough going to ever been downtown? Yeah, to get married to get the marriage license. You got you, you got married and Vegas are keep forgetting that. At the week, Kirk of the Heather wedding chapel. See, little did you know at that point that all these years later you would lose your little dog and that would be. Basically the end of whatever vestiges you have left whatever minimal. I can't go back. No. George can't go back anybody want to put George up for the weekend. In fact George may spend the weekend under the overpass with the venerable. I hear a better put another sheet out there. I have to kick one of the bumps up. Another pillow. I'll bring my own box. We have some here at the car. All right. That's okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 5, 60. On the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I feel I feel really bad. If I ever did some stupid thing like that, one of my dogs would have run away and just, you know, somebody gave me that once. I'm not playing all these how. Now that we got, look, now that we got the forwell. You know, I mean the other guys like small potatoes now, out of sight out of mind, then plus I don't even have to see him anymore. So we can stay stupid things like he's a problem with George. Yeah, he's stupid. And at the time we thought we thought it was joking around. Come to find out he was serious. That was, that was the beginning of planting the seeds to get your ass fired. Not only didn't that work mode, didn't your campaign against me not work, but also you're like being shoved back in the middle of the night according to Tom Jika. Well, the sudden just became a genius in the last couple of days and had some idea what's going on in the market. You're getting shoved back into the dark hours of the night times sweetheart. Won't be hearing him. No, no. Pretty soon. That's just my own, just a guess. Just thinking out loud. Because if Greg is that obsessed with forwell, then you know six to 10 can't be far behind. Although maybe five to six wouldn't be bad. You think? I mean he could be the forwell warm up show five to six day and you get up three in the morning. You drive all the way from Bokin down to Norththade. You park your explore out there and you're covered parking. You go inside. You do one hour. Gullies there. Look in your around the edges your balls. Or you go home again. I got it. He could do the updates. He could be the update guy in a forwell show. That's not bad. Forwell said you don't want him. Here's Viral Beach, hello. Hey, you. Yes, sir. For you. Listen how about Wayne Newton. Wayne Newton is outstanding. Oh, can't stand them. Speaking of Vegas. That's right. Uh, for a drink was off. Did you ever watch the movie kids? I got it in the other room, but uh, after watching that other horrible movie, what was the name of the one you guys bullied once after watch after watching bully. I don't know if I want to watch that. I never watched bully, but you got to see kids. The horror movie in the off. Okay. I got it. I watched it this weekend. All right. They get you. Thanks, Bally. So now which one of you saw kids? Carlos. And right. Now, are you 30, 13 year olds getting naked and getting AIDS and doing nasty drugs? I don't know. I thought he said it's a horror movie. It's a horrible movie. A horrible movie. Five six seven. Oh, five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Rosie's uh, another, do you believe this Rosie business? Sure. Yeah, we believe it. And of course, Rosie lives in South Florida right now along with a lot of other anxious people whom we can't stand. Michael's looking to move there. We got OJ. Slime didn't slice the little liver for a long time. Right. I tell you that. That's when you know the neighborhood is really gone south. When it gets so bad that even sliced the lone moves out, then you know you got real tourists. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Are you doing Neil? Okay. I got two of them for you. And then I got a question in a question and an answer and a song. They would have a cough. David Hasselhoff is excellent. And James lived in James Lippton. You know, like I have a problem that interviews the stars the ball do with the glass. I don't know that is. He's a small potato. He's a tiny, tiny, tiny, teeny little. You're going to do a best of this year. Right. Okay. Uh, how long was yesterday when you were on with Scottie on the internet? About 20 minutes. Can you put that on the CD? Sure. Because I know that was I heard it was a lot of cursing stuff going on there. There sure was. And uh, request. Yeah. It's possible. Joe versus Bo Griffin. Oh, yeah. Okay. Joe and Bo show. Yeah. Thanks. They can. 1213 at 560. He covered all the bases there. David Hasselhoff, very big in Germany for some reason. I guess they like his name. That must be it. Seriously, course, gay watch is big all over Europe. It has been for years, but they're obsessed with David Hasselhoff. Is he good actor? No. Does he look good anymore? What's the problem? Tell me, may I have a seat? No. No. He blows. 1213 at QA. Here's a place that will blow you away because it's so good. It's the number one Asian buffet restaurant in town. It's the Emerald Coast with three sensational locations in Pember Pine Sunrise in North Miami. They got six different soups to get you started. You can sample a couple of more all of them if you got a big appetite if you're real cow. And they've got dozens of second-le-long trays to keep you happy to keep you full and just Gazotin Pupic. New York strip made a order with the gourmets and a resizzling Asian grilled with grilled shrimp scampies dial. Jumbo scallops wrapped in bacon. Here that peanut boy wrapped in bacon. Dunginess crab in ginger and scallions and hand-carb prime ribbon beef. Sure. Look for the new Oriental chicken salad. The Emerald Coast buffet will never give you a headache. No MSG, no cornstarch, no crab. They cook all of their super duper stuff with only cholesterol free oils. And the buffet features a full salad bar, a sushi bar, and fresh-room cocktail too. And they got a full dessert bar. If you have any room left at all, try to squeeze a little in there. Okay, or like I've always told you before, take along one of those. What do they call those scoops? Those scoop things? Scoops? Like a scoop ice cream one, a pooper scooper, and scoop some in your pants. Take it home with it to dessert because I got pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings, and fresh fruit, all kinds of neat good stuff too. Emerald Coast in sunrise, you'll find them at Pine Island near 44th Street. Collins Avenue just north of 163rd north Miami Beach. And at the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke roads in Pembroke pines. So take the whole family or book your next business lunch and ride now, all-size parties are always welcome. Let our good friends and Emerald Coast do well with cooking for you. Take on delivery available too. Here's their number to call 9-5-4-57-238-22. This weekend make a real feast for the whole family or whole gang at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. Yeah, and nothing didn't fire this piece of crap. We played it all the time. I don't want to hear no one in doing it, the fashion. You said it, I didn't. See what? I said you said that were not me and I said it. You said it. That's me toasting the food. What is your problem? My problem be you. You what? I'll get getting busted you. Now don't you be looking at me. Don't you be looking at me honey. Don't look at me. Don't you know you just never got over Cleo stealing your gig. What did you say? You heard me. What did you say? I said you know who I am. I am the great bull gripping. I have you know I carry a lot of weight around here. Yeah, you carry it around here and around here and around here. I want no one who can ask fire and try. Get your weapons. It's going on. It's going on. First he takes the last roof beef that was in the lunch room. Then he's going to rip him off like that on it. All right, all right. I'm going to get you out. Come down. I'm going to get you. Everybody stand back. Stay in the family. Be careful with that. I'm going to get you out of here. What time is your show on now? On what? Twenty past noon at five sixty WQAM on a really interesting Friday is only so tuned would say very interesting. Let's see. We got the we add the I'm curious is how are Jerry signfills doing. He's got no votes. See? JLo's got no votes. Christina Aguilar has got no votes. Kevin Costas got an an offer. That's because they just got added on it. Go get me this sea. Okay. Looks like speaking as fun. You'll pick it in place. Oh yeah. Here's Del Rey. Hello. Hey. You're Neil and George. I'll. Okay. This is Neil. I actually gave George's doll. Oh good. God Neil. You're going to kill me. What happened? I let him out last night and he saved out the fence. Where is he? That's the million dollar question or the $500 question. I want him back. Which is my dog. This is the guy that gave the dog. When he was a puppy. Oh my god. What happened Neil? He got out of the fence. George. I got out of the window. I'm in Toronto. What's all the window about it? He got out of the window. Wait me. You're in Toronto. George. He got out last night. Man. I got posters everywhere. $500 reward. He's on our website. Guess what I'm doing this weekend. Nicky never came back. No. Oh man. Has he gotten out before? No. I mean once. I mean you just walked around to the front yard sniffed around. We intercepted him. Sure. Yeah. I shoot. I don't want you to feel bad but if I give you an analogy from the godfather when we're talking about poly. Oh, 40 won't see him no more. Yeah. See what I'm saying? Oh listen. George. Yeah. Got to get the dog back. No kidding. I can't go home until I do. Well, wait wait. Let me ask you something. How long ago did you give George that dog? I didn't have 60 years ago. Said it was when he was like a puppy. Yeah. Neil. I don't know if you remember me. I used to work with the marketing magic building. A real Guido with slip back here. No. No. I remember that asshole. I used to get all benefit about his parking spot. Jack. Mark. Jack. Mark. Jack. Mark. Mark. Mark. Mark. Mark. Mark's the spot. Yeah. But yeah. That's when when I'm in the church and I had the stole. He was a little psycho and I I worked all day so I didn't want him on alone and I gave him the George. Well, I think you're the one that should feel bad about it. More than George was you're the one that turned the dog over to irresponsible hands of George and his family. Yeah. Now I trust the George. I like I said. And he's a good guy. He's digging baby. The holes getting deep. You'll be halfway to China in a minute. He's been treating the dog good the best five and a half six years. But I just heard about this. I had a colon. Well, you're not there on the you're not going to get out of the house. I'm looking for myself. Please. All right. Hey, listen to me in a couple of doctors to your list. Dr. So and Dr. Ruth. Okay. Have a great day. Dr. Philadelphia. Good. Dr. Ruth. Dr. Phil Belongs on Liston. Just think I want to change my life. So this guy gave you the dog. Right. That answers a lot of questions. It was a pumpy slick pack. We know from Jack Mark's territory over there from the tragic building over there in Hollywood. How does shots came with a cage? Yeah. And he entrusted this little dog to your hands. And here it is only just a few years later. And the dog is gone. I don't know which one of you should feel worse. I think you should both feel be suicidal at this point. I feel real bad because I haven't even saw the dog. Well, you can look at the website. Is this picture on there? Yeah. Oh, I just brought one of these. He's so cute. I can't do this during the middle of the show. I'll get the press. Yeah. You know what a dog level right now. Yeah. Oh, what a little sweetie. Oh, no. Are you kidding me? I wish I was. That's Nicky. What a cute little sweet heart. Is the fact that you changed the color. You look a little like tiny. Of course, he's dead. Well, the other he got his haircut. He's got the shorter hair going. He's very similar looking to tiny. Yeah, but the pointy nose and everything. Just different color. Kind of like a bow Griffin and Joe Costillo. Yeah. Similar but different color. Well, so there's the picture on here. And there's the number to call for to be with a 500 hour reward for a Nicky. Please. We want that little dog back. By the end of the day at the lead is I'll drive to you. Yeah, George will come and pick it up. Even if you're like a stranger if you're on a with a city or a planet he'll come and check dog. Oh, you can't take George's check. Believe me. If you want you want cash on a barrel head. Don't take no check from George. Five six seven. You say that like a bounce that check. No, I didn't say you bounce the check. I'm just given them good advice. I know how much you make. How little you make. Oh, George does have a couple of appearances this weekend. So I take the check and hold it for a couple of days and speak in a take in checks and holding it for a couple of days. I would like to announce to the world for the umpteen time that watch over your money bank should only croak. Okay. Oh my god. The mistakes that these people make were where were they find these retarders that they parrot that bank? I don't know. What call me or watch over your watch over your yeah. Watch over your ass is what you ought to be watching over. They suck. They make me sick. Not like Tony's keep making mistakes over it. Oh, Tony's what? Oh, they're delivering food. Carlos had to eat. Oh, we love our friends. The Tony's at 190. Third and four-north one. Second Avenue. Huh? Am I right? Yes. See, the old mine is still. There are especially when it comes to food. Tony's just got good stuff. Tony's in North day. There are 193rd and Northwest Second Avenue for delicious pizza and all kinds of Italian goodies. And Carlos was desperate again. They don't make bacon, though. Guess what? They do? So they really make bacon at Tony's? Yeah. I'll be goddamn well the next time that I'm in town will get food from Tony's nugget like about 600 strips of bacon. Now let me ask you one more thing about making bacon. And I can't say making bacon on here because I think they're making bacon. Right. That's something about that Pacific thing back in 72 or three that they got find by the FCC. The name of that audio. It was called making bacon. But anyway, cooking bacon why do you have to have a paper plate? Oh, because they it's soaks the grease with their point. I would recommend a stack of paper towels on a regular plate. Oh, well, I could go out and just get some bacon right now. Like right after the show and I can cook up like a 4500 strips of it. A whole side of it and just suck it right down. 27 past noon at 560 WQAM. That has to leave these go away. Find the new way to attack the Pacifico home and eat your homes. Till you explode. Just like your back flat churn in ladies. Have you bite your seats on a plane? Spending your fingers that have yellow stain from each other and see your toes. After piggy poo knows. Now to be back disgusting and tasty. Oh, boy. You make the show to play with smile. They like the cows. Spadded, stancing. Things smell the pants. Oh, repulsive and biar. Your body cheese smells like the crap of. Appear it was on you pie pie head. As there need a shoe more to get into your car. Touch your chug at him. Wow. On a can squeal. On a can squeal. On a can squeal. On a can squeal. Fat lady. Live in with your numberless team. Flavor in the start of the tree between the. Let's continue. It's will be she to me. Happened up until an exposed and tasty. She's in first place in pulling away. Rose. He's got 41 votes. The most overrated celebrity of all time. Cover's a lot of territory. But with an ass like that. It's not hard. I guess. Michael Jackson 31, Justin Tickabelle 27, and Gloria Estefan, be heaven 20. Here's a lady in West Palm. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Well, a lot of things are stolen. My friend. What with Oprah and Dr. Phil. But certainly might as do it. Should be ranked as she's on there. I didn't notice her. I'm sorry. Well, I mean, it's possible that he didn't put her on her because it wouldn't be her. It wouldn't be her. It's first mistake. All of us blame being over. Oh, there she is. More and she's not. I don't see her. I didn't need her. 14 votes. She's got 14 votes. I'll see. I'm looking down at the bottom. 14 votes. That's why we're not finding her. She's already. She's moving up the ladder fast. Yeah. Well, in closing. I know what would you say? I really like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. That was great. A lady doing Eisner. Even the women now are using our drop-ins. Oh, I know. In fact, pretty soon, a woman to sell food are going to be running around going. Just like that. Here's a great story. Man arrested after coming during downtown on LA construction crane for more than eight hours. A man sees control of a construction crane towering above downtown LA for more than eight hours, rotating the cab and throwing objects at rescue teams before finally surrendering early today. Kevin Donaldson 43 was arrested around 4am after he peacefully climbed down from the cab, police said he likely faced vandalism charges. A collar reported seeing Donaldson in the crane of a construction site about a block from city hall about 730 last night. As police officers and firefighters arrived the man began hurling objects down to the ground at them. The crane is on the set of was to be the new state department of transportation building. Police said Donaldson told them he used to be a crane operator in Montana before moving to LA. He threw us before authorities cut part of the crane he dropped its hook and rotated its cab for a time. negotiate was eventually available to talk to Donaldson down. He told police that he hadn't seen his children in seven years and wanted to kill himself. his body said. Now, which one is that? Yeah, what's cut is that? 14. I will just steal your wife. Yes. You know the one I'm talking about? Oh, I know the one it is. It's this one where the guy says. That's the one. It was worth looking for. But you didn't put any index in here and I had a time like right at the time. That's okay. It was a rush drive. No problem. The most important thing is we got this. Oh. You know something that would be like criticizing spaghetti in the fall. Even though it's an American thing, it's not exciting. Right? Like criticizing the god. Right, exactly. Like critiquing the godfather and saying, oh, I wasted two and a half hours three hour whatever it is of my life. And I just want you to know. Yes. That's like that's far too. They're calls me all the time you call yesterday. What do you consider a good call? Always does exactly the same thing. I think you're good movies where there's a lot of great lines like. Like that. Yeah. But you remember the lines and what is great acting? Requiem for a dream had memorable lines. It's a little bit. I felt your brain's gone so. Yeah, they were doing a lot of lines in Requiem for a dream. Well, I guess, you know, that's probably one of those people who's in denial. It doesn't matter what myth or all the old people are all hot up on drugs and that the young people are all hot up on drugs and ever the twain show me. Except, except when it's time to like upon the TV. Five, six. That was so great when he started trying to yank the TV out of the apartment. And as she hit, she hit it like that with a chain. It was great. Nice going, Sarah. Sarah Goldfarb. I consider him, but there's a little Sarah Goldfarb in me. Make no mistake about it. She was hooked on pills. I'm hooked on sugar. I will say this. I went through an entire day yesterday. No sugar. One day, one day in a row. Do you have any idea how long it's been since I've been able to do that? No, I think since I've been back from Amsterdam Sunday, two days, what is today? Friday, two days out of five, six, two out of six ain't bad. Of course it was. It's bad. When you're addicted, how many heroin addicts do you know who goes? Two days out of six without a fix. I don't know any heroin. And I got news for you. Oh, yeah. Where are you? No, except for L. In fact, if you'd run up all your druggy friends, they could probably find your little dog at about an hour. Well, they're busy. Yeah, well, when they, in fact, you're probably on every street corner of Hollywood right now. So if you would just contact them, Tom McKee, I'll get a look out. I'm going to put her up. So by a lot of weed, start dialing them. Beeper numbers, man. Five, six, seven, oh, five. Here's another lady. I can't believe it in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. Hi, George. Well, this is the third lady. I'm hung on for an hour. Oh, right. We'll copy for a moment. Listen, I love the new line-ups. I think it's great. For real, he's a hot sketch. I love him. And George, I got all my good vibes out for your puppy. I'm also an animal lover. You will find your puppy. You will find him. Shake him or I'll come for me. Yes, I'll take two for you, darling. Yeah, it's so chicken and mail it on the door. Listen, darling. I wanted to say my car's in daily. I actually, I feel system-wise stomach when I see him. I can't do that again. I don't know why everybody loves him, but anyway, to which his own right. Exactly. My vote here besides Larry King, I, how about Carrie Lewis? Yeah, Carrie Lewis, because I'll know. Carrie Lewis, once a part of time, was funny. Oh, I, well, I never liked him. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. But I mean, we hate him now, because of the telephone stuff, because of his… What are you talking about? You know, everyone says he's a genius. They do? Well, it's every time I say that, the frog's like him. Well, that speaks for that, right? What is that, say it? Well, listen. Just be happy forever. And I got my vibes out for you, Georgie, and the puppy. Okay, sweet, sweet. Say a brahah. Say a little prayer. I'm, I'm sorry, press now that I saw that door. I mean, what thing to talk about? And it makes it kind of like impersonal, but then when you actually see it, you know, this little dog. Oh. Damn it. Let's have a, a house to house a countywide search for George's little dog. Let's get this one little thing done on the show with the last damn thing that we do. I'm friends with that loser too. Man, I know. 20, 20, feel one. Anybody missed for all on the radio's debut this morning, you missed this. That's what I put back up. I can't make it up the street up to fact. Yeah, do a reasonably poor fan point. Maybe that was a, is a meditation of dream that he was doing this. 20 till one at five 60, Q a m. 15. Now five 60 to the 2 a m.壹 minus. Ha. Mohan. Once there was this kid over, this thick his hand under his arm. He's gone down, then he turned his eyelids inside out. He drank a glass of milk from straws to cup noodles. He would have- remember- Once, when he was this kid, new, that angst, he wazcketered Mura, on the ground in Any Guide. Some fire works, there's me Rocks flowing across the long If the river he would be, man It's hamstered with a feather I think the river is a good idea I think the river is a good idea It's a very simple one It's just on American I think they're going to be tracing the computer The secret service and the FBI I'll throw for the river they vote for Jerry Sympath But I'll have the ball to put another one on there Because the same rules she inspired me with a little email I was going to mention it before because I mentioned Jay Leno Johnny Carson Right Well, I mean Johnny Carson, you're not supposed to say that No, sacralages I didn't find him funny I didn't find him entertaining I didn't find him to be a great interviewer I didn't find him to be anything But like, uh, and he was on for about 100 years He just don't, you'd ask and say that, man But I figure it's the weekend so by Monday they'll forget I said it Johnny Carson, get him on the list, boner boy Here's a lady in plantation, hello Hey, Neil Yes, man I'm a miss about because I haven't been listening Or morning but did anybody mention Anna and a co-smiss? No, is it good to come? Because there was a time when you couldn't turn on the television Without seeing her Oh, oh And then now they're given her show I mean, I don't know what her claim to fame is Except marrying an old guy Exactly, and then I don't know a carefully different thing Before she was on Rage's Michael songs Let me just say one of the things I was waiting And you were talking about, you went one whole day Without sugar, you reminded me of the scene where a Sarah goes out and sits with her friends And they go, what diet are you on? And she says, the egg and grapefruit diet And she goes, how long have you been on it? She goes all day But it's only noon Yeah, it's only noon or only one o'clock Yeah, that was great, I see But no, it's a lot, when you're addicted, you're right That's a long time All right And then you really feel it, when you're addicted to sugar You get headachey and you feel way off your feed But it's all clear too Oh gosh Well good luck to me Okay, and in the cold Thanks Okay Get around there, and in the cold Smith, you got it She's alive Fifty votes for Rosie, big fat Rosie seems to be pulling away She got off to like, you know, decent start But I guess when you're big and comes like that Before you really get rolling, you know Oh, flat, flat, that always floats To the top Flot floats So did you tell Fat Boy the story? Yeah And he said Oh, oh, seriously, what did he say? He said, what do we do to Fat's a probably? And I said nothing, go away, do not leave me alone, Fat Boy Leave me alone, quit killing me with kindness, stop interfering with my life I'm 1200 miles away, I'm enjoying life tremendously, okay? Everything is beautiful, even the SARS germs are beautiful Everything is great, just leave me alone I'd rather have a mad cow for lunch than ever deal with that cow again Go away, Fat Boy Rosie would double 50s, speaking of Fat Michael Jackson 34 Justin Tinkerbell 29 He's right on Michael's ass Gloria Stepon 21, Carson Daily 20 Madonna 19, Elvis, Presley 19, Snotchus 17 Martha Stewart 16 She's a homemaker like Omaha Maker Martha Stewart In fact, even Grace on passions can make a great tomato soup cake I bet you Martha Stewart can't do that More Tomato Tomato That's part of the insanity of the society You have to be a passion for us to appreciate that I'd like to sell it all the way Oh, Grace and some of her famous tomato soup cake Mariah Carey 15, Bob Hope 13, Ricky Martin 10, Barbara stress and 10 Jay Delino, Leno's got 9, O'BRAPE, Sharon Marilyn Monroe 7 Larry King's got 6, Will Smith, Jennifer Lopez 5 JLo, Sylvester Stallone, the old slime ice just got 5 Fills that thing, Cole What is that damn thing? Rainbow boy, but, huh? Oh, yeah, that's what's called He belongs to other donnie Okay, he's got 5, Queen Latifus got 4, sign fields got 3 Alright, New Hearts got a pair, Dean Martin 2, Julia Roberts 2 Being Crosby 2, Christina Aguilaro 1, and so far David Hasselow and Kevin Costa Between the two of them, they got the big zero Who do we put on yet? Johnny Carson and Nicole Smith and Dr. Phil Where is Dr. Phil, owner boy? I don't know, did you email this home? Yeah, well, let's get with it. Let's get with it Eric Let's move it along and over right in the middle of your lunch hour You know, this probably screwed up her metabolism when back to 10 to 2 Can you imagine now now he's gonna have to turn brunch into like an all day affair Because here's the call from for Latterdale, hello You sure? I just wanted to like let you guys know that There's gonna be like a 4 next year like the work for it That's it's called rock against bush and it's gonna be like system of the down No effects either, I don't know if you'd know that Oh right Yeah, but and it's to get in All you have to do is register the for all the young kids that you know I want to like get an voting process and it's right before the election Excellent Okay, where's it gonna be? I'm gonna be all over I've got it's gonna it's like the floor Gonna go around on the country But I mean it is gonna be in South Florida Oh yeah Great Okay, everybody got out there Mr. Pondice of course they are of course Okay, thanks Palli Thank you See you Get out registered to vote on you punks out there and vote for anybody but W let me tell you that right now if you've had your freedoms If you've had you anything Of course the market keeps soring up there. Can you explain that to me? No, I think it's a setup Do you see that today? Well, they're happy about those dividend tax breaks Is that what it is? I guess I don't know I thought maybe they were happy about the fact that the dollars were about 3 cent everywhere else now God the dollar I forgot that the dollar's up 134 points 88.45 Oh The next XF18 It's almost to 16593 Oh Don't hold your breath. Okay. Don't get too carried away Do you want to have a good time with your money? Take a debate Take it to Atlantic City Take it to Pompano Park this weekend Take it and have a great time with it Do not give it to me church Here's a call from Jupiter. Hello I think that was bad for one It's not just like Fat Boys evil twin 5670560 We haven't had one negative to recall on on for also far I think like that. That's surprising Yeah, actually for this crowd For this crowd and especially considering he's so out of the ordinary To say the very least I mean he's just one and a trillion He is different. He is a trip. He's a piece of work. He's bizarre. He's strange. He's spastic Spastic I think is the word the best describes for real Spastic I can listen to my little brother I'm a talented you chair Now let me ask you what is that? That was a call that he got So it's part of the forl drugs Oh I see 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T line Here's Del Ray Beach hello Neil Yes sir Hey I'm calling about the movie I I wouldn't crazy about it my wife didn't like it either But I think what the crazy is about is the cinematography of it That's really great We talked about a wrecking for a dream Yes What did you like about it I was just pondered You know it was just going on and on and on But you know the cinematography was great on it I mean the way they just went into the scene It was really Good I wouldn't say it was a great movie I wouldn't put it up there with a godfather I'm a 10 best movies of all time I'd like to have a poll on that People who saw it You would think it was on it Well be a real kid of a poll with that Because I guarantee 95% of the people in the audience never saw it We we could do a mini poll on that Yeah Yeah I just care to see if it's just me or if it's just you know Is it a really great movie Because I you know I didn't think it was great I thought it was good But I didn't think it was great I thought it was sensational In fact I watched it twice in two days I was so blown away by I could wait to get it because you talked about it But you know what the next one of my list is happiness I can't run itself Why not? Is it in round? I checked blockbuster from Point into a boat Every blockbuster on the internet And they don't have it I'll let you my copy Yeah if you come down to Hollywood and find your Just dog Hill at your half his copy Well I think I'm just gonna order that one I'm on that DVD club thing Cause it's ordering go for it Do it all about I hope you liked that one I don't want to be over too I think I'm going to be over there Okay pal I didn't like half I didn't like a record for a dream I don't get it Was it pondress? Wasn't slow No I mean quite quite the counter Right that's the whole thing It started out fast It started out fast And just kept getting faster and faster You had was spinning by the time you got about two Thirs of the way through it And then the last time that Harry started that needle in the Zara I mean at that point You were just you were you were you Yeah ready to have like an anyrism Your brain was about to ready to That's blood Well maybe we'll hear some of you We just don't get a lot of response from these bastards You know we go on a year we talk about movies I mean we had a lot of response about that And the movie pulls but in terms of specific movies There gotta be a lot of people that love that movie I just I for the life of me I don't get it Everyone I know Even vulnerable like that You know his taste is in his toes usually Although he liked bully too That's I felt And kids How's science field doing on a pole Let's get a bunch of votes for a science field on there Shall we? He sucks Dr. Fildon have any enough What's with that? 370 8 votes and Dr. Fildon have any yet? Come on Come on people Johnny Carson got one already I told you It's one of those and I just don't get it I don't understand it It's like her boss granderson W ABC New York He was there for about 600 years And he was there You want her why? Because he was there He got in early he got in He was like one of the pioneers And he just stayed there forever Carl the Suez on WBC and Boston And if we're talking about radio same thing I mean he was about as dry as sandpaper But they were just there for a long long time And the same with Carson What about Ed McMan He's a small potatoes I think he's rated exactly right Nobody takes a serious light Yeah Nobody considers him a real whatever Except the show Let's have a drinking contest between Ed McMan and Farell It's coming up Monday morning 8 to 10 I got some old PDs I want to throw into that contest Yeah Any names? Steve Dickle Harry Valentine Here's live 10 Hello Deal with Avenue Yes sir Well they have Carl and Ed moving You sound like a student or an electrical asshole Do you really? Great The movie was great You saw it? Yes sir I saw it mother's day That's a good day to see it Just be glad you sure wasn't your mother Yeah Yeah, yeah was great man Live in a question Neil Oh, Colin's vow for your poll Colin foul Okay He's foul Yeah, he has the ears I think he's highly overrated On your best office here in Neil Yeah I'm going to have the George Bush Mr. Don President, you know Don't you know? Yeah, that's right Absolutely And you got to have I'm not going to have a blunt telling what to do But He was destruction Oh, no question about it I get 10 CDs And soon I'm out Those people will be back to back side by e. Everyone can't pay me Thank you Thanks Have you got your part? He should hear this President dumb poop Was on the best of 2001 Oh Not that we can't put it on there again But let's put it on there again For all time say My And local Your sports video 566 You We The water To two hours Don't lie All the heartburn Don't go Every time I see Don't go That free car And if you win So Don't go Don't go All My TV Oh, he's president Oh Republic and bustle this And in our kingdom Thank you This idiot I don't know why They won't want to tell But no easy There's no job That I can pour you With President's up Shit Oh Oh Fuck Oh What I get to And go Don't go Don't fall And get to We go Hold it Hold it Hold it Hold it If you want this Don't go Don't go If you're struggling Stupid Don't go Don't go And this Don't get rich Get Don't go Easy Be better Lovers than me He's president Oh You don't care What it does You got to meet And buy her from drugs Oh No You and I And what else Be better We've got a great leader With President's up Oh, we're fine We're fine We're fine We're fine We're fine One, two, three, five, sixty WM, they're charging We wanted two hours Don't forget to mad dog Cuda 4, hang 4 to 7 And we got that Marlon crab And of course we got you M.A. Regitals On Oasis 790 It's 699 There's just too much stuff on her I can't deal with it George after the show today 3 to 5 The staff noted for Lauderdale Harley on federal highway Just south of open park Boulevard stop by to win Marlon tickets Red Marlon's red tickets And enjoy free food From Atlantic City subs I'm assuming that's for a nice game Guy it Exactly And when you're there You can commissurate with George about his little lost dog To or better yet you can bring him that You can bring his little dog There or maybe one It looks just like him And then tomorrow 111 George and Boner Boa I mean it will be out of Bill Siddles Boulevard of Savings Where they still have no idea who George is He's been here a whole bunch of times at least 30 Me w w I'll tell you Located at Northwest 36 Regents west of 27 Haven't mind me stop by for prizes Food from Atlantic City subs In Hollywood where You know the rest I'm just gonna ready to do a big belson Just kind of cuts stuck in midstream And don't forget to hot couples Contest 3 The pictures are pouring in for that night We have any today Well beside that one No we have no more than that No Maybe this thing is over Maybe we pushed it too far You know we just don't have any hot couples out there We got pretty good prizes You're a first prize for the hottest couple of whoever joins his time Is either one of these 3D 2 night stay for 2 with the Royal Races Resort and Casino in Bahamas Including round trip airfare on Lake Rair Or 3D 2 night stay for 2 at hedonism 2 or 3 in Jamaica All inclusive transfers drink Food gratuity entertainment nowhere for an at one And then third place couple gets dinner for 2 with the pizza log Just go to neroragers.com e-mail us Your app pictures And then on June 16 Is number we decided money is a June 16 Yes The pictures will go up on a web Voters can vote for their favorite There'll be up there for week and then the following Monday June 23 Couple of the most votes wins for second and third get prizes Pretty simple You can be in a full state address Whatever whatever you might be 560705050 and then of course the fourth place when it gets one of our graces tonight as soup cakes Here's plantation hello Hello Yes sir Yes, how you doing man I think I'm two most overrated people one bottle from you two And off duty Two marvelous choices Yeah, they're the most overrated people on the planet Even all like you two with a guy man He needs to stay out of politics He needs to stay out of my face he makes me sick Okay pal thanks Bono and puffed itty get him on nero Okay p-ditty He kind of went down in our book after he shot reges 567 got a lot of open lines out of a son and one to two hour And these people realize that we're on Monday to have a lot of money Not long time That's gonna take us a while The guy see we jerk the audience around We move the show tonight to one for reasons I mean, don't say anybody with a brain A show that's been on 10 to two for about 50 million years Everybody's in the habit everybody's happy We're kicking ass we're doing just great And now we gotta make a huge turn again Because Greg is spastic Maybe that's why he's got such an affinity for Raffawell Because spastic is his middle name All Raffawell is funny and Greg is Raffawell Raffawell is funny, let's put it that way, let's funny 567-0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Raffawell's fun And when you call you'll have the honor of speaking to Bona Boy I think that Bona Boy would like to have produced the Feral Show Good thing he's done a call right now Oh good You don't think? It was important What do you mean by that? I don't know, he's probably still talking Oh, one of those Yep Here's Carl Springs, hello Neil, yes Hey, that's going on How you doing pal? Okay, really quickly I saw Requiem And I don't know what the hell that's factored And that phone call guy is I'm got there getting it The text is full of intellect It's depressing to me when I hear stuff Oh, it is, it's terrible, especially in the movie See it's Sarah Let me, did you get the Steve momentum momentum yet? Yeah, a moment when I haven't watched that yet Either I got a guy Oh, you got to see that, you don't love it Really? Excellent movie, very good You'll see it a few times actually Are you serious? No, yeah Are you sure? Positive I think it was Georgia told me I'll never get past the first 15 minutes No, it wasn't me with some collar or some facts Oh, somebody told me I'll never get past the first 15 minutes of a mental Well, screw him too Okay Uh, that's it, I'm out Okay, thanks, pal Thanks I got a lot of viewing to do this weekend I got to watch the mental Glengarachio Glengarachio Glengarachio Glengarachio Glengarachio I got to watch your Requiem for a pill again And what's the fourth one? The mental The mental And kids Oh, here comes the risk Oh, this is the part that drives me up the wall Oh, we got another winner Oh Choose by Sarah Oh, yeah, and kids more frantic and more frantic and more wound up and more just out of control And then of course, do you see? Oh, just seen in the end Yeah, we're the two friends from our building The tool is as good as visitor in the mental institution And she's got like the shirt right here Like totally spaced out has no clue what planet she's on And then the two were lady friends are sitting on on the bus bench crying their eyes out Pretty sad Yeah, we're going to throw a new people out there Don't be pop in too many multi colored pills all at the same time No matter how many George fries the sun you I don't sell pills And you take it everything I see you get so defensive, okay? I buy them Jesus, God, if I said if I said that you were bone and boner boy I mean you get all the defensive bone and boner boy Did you repeat that? Like a louder? Who is or was the most operated celebrity all the time? That's our poll question today Don't be picking on George on the day that is dog ran away, okay? Jesus Christ is a traumatic thing I can only imagine if tiny would have there are a witty either one of them Well, I'm winning I would have cared tiny In You have no idea how many times especially the little one And of course you write the little ones their sneaky they crawl under the fence they find away, you know And they get loose and they just want to traumatize you If my possible he might be within a couple blocks away Right next door or something you think laughing at us know You don't know well why not? I don't know what to think be a little more optimistic Okay, yeah, right In fact he's probably over there at the and I OD All right, yeah, he's probably sitting on my Disney's lap right now Oh god, what a thought Who is or was the most overrated artist of all time did we get Bono and Puff Ditty on there? Yes Who would pass those along to Eric who's just shoveling down Smors bars Oh, do you know that I don't want to talk about score I might do something terrible this weekend Cause I'm gonna be watching all the movies Yeah, don't do it those clandike bars would score a candy and I'm don't eat score anymore I love I love I don't know how I did that because you know in the past when I wanted to sugar fix I go into like the Amaco station You know right and I guess up and I go in son I get like one heat bar and one score bar because they're very similar they're almost the same right But a little bit different English toffee Yeah, and I and that would satisfy me and it was never like I was hooked on them But it was just something that would tie me over And those are good value because you get to pick those out of your teeth all day long. Oh, yeah, and of course all depending on where you stick it back them But then for some strange reason I know what it was when I find the score bites And of course now another thing did the Reese's pieces thing that was the beginning of that and now it's a nightmare Now they got like Hershey's bites and score bites and bite this and bite that you know And then then I discovered that Bryers made that score ice cream and now all of a sudden I find a climb like makes a score climb like bar So it's like some goddamn sugar conspiracy out there's like they're trying to get me, you know, Jesus Christ. Yeah Rosie's got 61 votes Michael Jackson 35 just in Tinkerbell 29. Hey Justin everybody hates you Bye bye, including Brittany. She finally so much. You look like Glory a step on 25 Carson daily 25 in fact Brittany came out in public in the inquire She said that just I only had a stunt penis Stutter Carson daily 25 he's doing well and I'm pleased to see that because he blows Franks and after 21 Elvis 21 I like those Frankie and Elvis duets See the thing just topped all over the place Madonna 20 Mariah Carey who is really scary is that with Martha Stewart and Bob Hope 17 maybe the three of them can make a tomato soup cake a Barbara Streisand 14 Ricky Martin 13 offer whose delayed edition We apologize for that she's human up to least. She's got 11 she'll be a contender Larry King and Jay Leonard together with 10 sharewood nine Merlin role with eight and the others are small potatoes Now I mean they've challenged up it was the summer of 1962 I was working as a White House intern for the Kennedy administration But days of Camelon why do these included filing answering phones delivering documents and pulling the president slap tapping It was a very exciting time in my life I was 19 years old and never knew what would happen from day to day One day for instance I might be asked to escort highly salassy into the over-lawless the next day Maybe I'd be asked to zip up Jay Edgar Hoover's floral pattern dress and a post full on the presidential lap tapping I also remember being asked to make president Kennedy comfortable when he finished his daily swim It was my job to bring him his towel his flip flops and then young countless feet old and pull the lap tapping But the mood and the White House changed later that year with the Cuban missile crisis during that time president Kennedy didn't think about sex Till after nine in the morning Right forearm began to look like pap eyes and I had to have my blouse sleeves let out from a groom for my Taffy puller I remember one memory very vividly The president and I were alone in the residence watching Beverly Hill, Billy's he was naked from the waist down And was calling me L.E. May as I pulled the lap tapping But two weeks following that experience president Kennedy asked that I wear a rope as a belt It feels so good to finally have the secret out and to let my grandchildren know I was a White House fool At least now they know I grandma's right forearm So damn freaking massive One nineteen so independent film channel has got right now and of course the Canadian schedule is different for what you get there But they got a movie that I wasted my time watching last night Yeah, two and a half hour movie and of course you never watch it because it's really very faggy movie number one when that's about 90% of it and number two it's Canadian movie No night is too long Never heard of it You don't want to hear of it I mean it was okay And it was about these two college roommates and at least we thought they were gay and we're having an affair it were lovers And then the one goes off on a cruise and the one falls in love with his woman And gets into this wild affair with his married woman and she goes back to Vancouver and And the end was like Like that at the end I 11 30 last night I said to myself what the dog the dog is I beg your pardon. We found the dog You found the dog Oh my god, what a this program has got power like somebody called we haven't actually seen it yet, but somebody called Oh, are you and they're coming by are you sure they're bringing it by the station? No, the house somebody we're all five number on the way to the home When you post us up all over the neighborhood where did they find sorry I'm having a two conversations at once around the phone They found him or at a nearby convenient store Oh, maybe he was going out for like a snack he was dumpster diving. He was going out for late night snack like Carlos Yeah, don't hey listen Nick you don't be none of Carlisves, child Be knew we'll be starving all week. I'll know I don't think there's too much bacon in the dumpster. I'll be having dog this week and if that's We really rush maybe not that one. I'll Listen if I could have kept the urns for my two dogs you could certainly have had some of that. Thank you everyone involved. Yeah, thanks Everybody who helped us find George is dog what a great oh, you like oh, yeah Well We're doing what sugar I want to tell you I want to see now that you found the dog I Made myself so sick and Amsterdam because it was such a rotten time in a rain to read the eating crap, you know I felt like Peter Clayton. I ate so much crap And I had I see one good thing about getting sick about having something that's not life threatening But that's very a band is that at least if you have it the first time and you survive it when it comes back the next time You're not like oh, I'm gonna I'm dying over here. You see what I'm saying right So like if you have grrrr or you have irritable bowel which of course I have all these things being fat and diabetic and old But man, I just messed up my kishki's eating all of this sugar and of course what did I eat chocolate and nuts? What are the first the worst two things you can eat for irritable bowel syndrome chocolate and nuts not the kind you're thinking of either believe me Oh, did I so so the last day someday when we left there I was my side was aching and now Cuz I've been on good behavioral week now. I feel pretty good about like 99 percent So this weekend do I dare I can't do it Now see I put some of the audio from this movie, but I know you'll have to dump it tell me what I'm saying Okay, sorry one night. Yeah, see there you go Cuz every other word is after this and I'm the course right now they're doing it. He's a hump in him, but I mean you don't want to see this movie No, I just too long. I mean the this plot is fine And he loses the card that had a redress in Vancouver and he goes there and he can't find her and he thinks he's killed his boyfriend And he turns out that he's still alive and other turns out the boyfriend his sister was the broadie fellow love with Ready for that. Oh, thanks for the warning No, you're not gonna watch this movie. I wouldn't watch it on a bet. There should be a little symbol no night is too long If that's ever on the independent film channel by you just to say El Paso don't watch it horrible on the American I have say Yes, right now they're showing Barton think oh and this isn't this weekend I think it's tomorrow night that the Sarah's on again, recommend for dream. There you go The guy wanted us to take the pool. We'll take a 1215 a.m tonight. Oh tonight at 1250 right after midnight tonight 1215 an a.m Following American history acts, so double feature double whanning so you can watch him you can tape him and then over the weekend at your leisure You can watch your recommend for a dream One of the most brilliantly made movies in history I don't give a flying crap. Well, anybody says believe me I've seen a couple of movies in my life. I've been around a block one's your twice. I mean, I'll be an expert But let's face it who really isn't expert. She's watching who's an expert on ice cream You know, that's stupid. There's no such thing as an expert Roger Ebert is an expert on both He's an asshole is what he is and a flamer he's a flaming asshole. You notice that too, huh? Oh, God, he makes me puke and I don't want again. I don't want to be old wish any bad health on anybody Fuh hey, man, that's him. What could it have been him instead of the other one? That's my point. We like Jean Cisco. Jean Cisco was America's kind of guy Roger Ebert. She's not anybody's kind of girl And Jean wasn't a suit either. He liked just good right movie. That's right. He had good taste Roger Ebert He's a real suit, but of course if there's like any young boys in the movie he likes Yeah, of course I can relate to that. Well not a young boys. I mean, I got to be like, you know, 16. What's wrong with that? What did I say? And then movie kids with them. I'm not going to waste my time watching that. I got too many important fish to fry this week. And I have time to watch a bunch of 13 year old punks, especially if they're ugly, you know, And of course 13 year old. I mean, see Carlos, I think he's trying to tell us something Here's Carl Springs, hello. Pretty good sir. You know, we've been talking about trying to get rid of W. We need to start doing us getting behind our boy Bobby Graham. I'm behind the man. I love him. People are talking about this guy's got the best resumes. You only got was the balls. I'm all a Democrat to talk about why. Bush doing up. We got a good story on our website this weekend. I'll be mentioning that it's called where to how is it about how Graham is the only Democrat that's got the balls. Took me about four hours to find it. It'll be up in two seconds. What do you mean by that? None of the searches was putting it up. I found it. You find me found the story. Like I said, it'll be on there. The rest of the guys seem like they're running scared. Graham is the only one step forward saying that. The only thing that are really saying anything are Howard Dean and Bob Graham to the only two that are really saying anything at all. That's sure. Don't move. You can get these people fired up. The guys been here for 30 years. I might die. Well, here it is. Graham leads charge against Bush and inquiry. Other shy from saying President covered up evidence. I got to write here. It's on our website. I got a from most overrated. Okay. How about Colin Farrell? Guys, the biggest piece of crap. Colin Feral. You're the guy from our phone up. That crappy movie phone booth that was just out. Didn't see it. Didn't call that in. Nobody called that in. Nobody else reported it. Don't start hyperventilating just because we find your dog George. Okay. We put on our pal. Thanks. Yeah. He's right. That black guy didn't know how to pronounce it. He said Colin Feral, Feral, whatever. No, he didn't. He did. You could have been pulled up. I didn't hear it. I was told no. He was talking about Colin Powell. That's what he said. Oh, it's Colin's bowels or something like that. Is what he said? I don't know. I see without Colin Feral. Very overrated. I have no idea who that is. Have I ever seen him? He's made two movies recently and I'm sure you didn't see either one. Ah, I feel better now. Oh, unbelievable. They won't forget it. They're dating Tyson. And there was nobody. Then two or three. We've all this problems. What do they see? It's all depressing. Nothing, wonderful. You're... I'm dating Tyson. I'm not. I'm like with the young money. Why do you have this way? I wish I would. We're all up to date. It's funny. When they leave you and jam to stay. Here's two and laundry. And dropping some. But in a prison. And there's no world to go. Rectom. They end each other's home. They're all above him. They're dating Tyson. 133, 560 WCM. My passion city so angry about his rape conviction. 11 years ago. Now that he wants to rape his accuser and her mother now. And Yamama. In a TV interview, skids were broadcast last night. Somehow I missed that. I saw a bunch of... Was a lot more entertaining than no one had as too long. But anyway, the former overweight boxing champion Peter Displayn that he was innocent of raping beauty, pageant contestant Desiway Washington in 1991, in an Indianapolis hotel room. I just hate her guts. He said she put me in that state where I don't know. I really wish I did now, but I really do want to rape her and her mama. If they hadn't bleached him so goddamn much. It actually would have been a pretty slaps funny interview. Are you saw? Yeah. Why the hell would you be watching that? It came on and the remote was, I don't know, three feet away. Was this before after you lost the dog before? Oh, that's probably what the dog ran away. And you wanted to know why? Because it was on Fox. Tyson was convicted the 1992 sentence of Sissius and Prisonster of Three Years before being released on parole. He made the comments during interview in Miami Beach, Florida with Fox News anchor, Greta Van Sustron, the ugly one. Oh, it's speaking of people with bad nose jobs and face job. Oh, my God. Have you ever seen Suhara on CNBC? No. Ah. Ah. I guarantee if you flipped across there and you saw her, you'd recognize she's been under a long time. She had a nose job. And it looks, you know how we have the most picture on our website. Right? That's what it looks like. Somebody has artificially pasted a grouch on nose without the glasses in the mustache on her post. Hey, maybe it's too late now, sweetheart. Too late to get the old nose back. I mean, she looks like a man. I mean, I thought she was ever great looking to begin with. She was okay. She was like a human being. Now she looks like a, a broad with a bad nose job. Suhara on the gambling channel. Graham leads charge against Bush and inquiry. U.S. Senator bomb Graham says the Bush administration's faded to release documents regarding the 2001 terrorist attacks is 10 him onto a cover up, but his democratic presidential rivals aren't so sure or so ballsy. The rest of the democratic field supports releasing more information, but stop short of accusing the administration of trying to conceal lapses that could have prevented the devastating attacks of 9.11. I'm not prepared to reach that conclusion, said Senator Julie remain of Connecticut. When asked about Graham's charges during a visit to Iowa earlier this week, if it goes on much longer, I think we'll all have to ask, what are they covering up? Iraq was a distraction from the war on terror Graham said were less secure and not more secure at a labor event in Des Moines. The terrorists have regenerated and the president now is attempting to cover up the facts. Graham says he wants to Bush administration to declassify everything, except sensitive national security information contained in the report of the Joaquin Wreshal investigation he helped to lead. For more than 10 months the committee looked in detail at the actions of the CIA and the FBI prior to 9.11. To learn what could be done to stop future terrorist activity in the story goes on. It will be on our website momentarily. Is it on there? It's already on there. It's already on there. There's a button. A boy harder work. Oh, he's doing it. 5.670560. We're asking to who is or was the most overrated celebrity of all time. Rosie O'Donnell. She is an illegal. Oh, for your own 65 for you, Rosie. You silly fat. Thank you. Michael Jackson 38. Justin think about 31. No penis. Gloria Steph and in fact, I bet you Gloria Steph has got a bigger penis than just in thinker. What you think? Oh, last Camille. No contest. Gloria Steph on 29. Elvis and Carson David tied with 26. I why couldn't Elvis still be alive? Well, Franks and Alfred Madonna 22. Bob Hope 19. You know, that would that would be an excellent pool. I don't know how you do that. But of partners or people who are comparable and one has died and the other one is alive, you know, right? Like Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis. Right. See what I mean? Wouldn't it be better if Dean Martin was still well? Um, although the way Jerry looks lately, I don't think it's going to be. Bob Hope 19. Thanks for the memory. Hey, Bob, you're, you suck. Oprah 18 Martha Stewart 18, Mariah Scary 17, Barbara Skyson. I think she's a little bit cocky. She's got 15 Ricky Martin 13 Larry King 13. Earl Ricky Martin's cocky too. Share and Jay Lenovich have 10 Jerry Seinfelds got nine. I love it. Yeah, I love it. I'm excited. You're happy to see that. I'm excited. Jerry Seinfeld and Will Smith and Anna Col Smith each have nine. Joe both my ass. Freepers. Marilyn Monroe H and Jay Lowe's got seven. Dr. Phil and Queen Latifa tied at six. Slice the loans. Got five. Judy Roberts 14 Martin three. Being cross B 2. Johnny Carson's got a couple already. Good. Bob Newhart to Christina Aguilara Kevin Costa and David Hasselhorth. Each have one. Everybody's got at least one. Oh, that's unusual in it. Yeah. 469 votes. That's pretty unusual. Generally by this time, I'm going to show. We got some, you know, that don't have any yet. Now, did we leave anybody? How about Colin Ferrell? I don't see him on there yet. I don't see Bono or Puff Danyon or yet. Not that I want to start getting pushy with Eric because once he starts showing in and God damn breakfast cross sandwiches with bacon and cheese and egg. His cholesterol goes shooting up like a rocket. Fort Lauderdale, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Yeah. Sounds like me. Okay, but he listened. A long time listener. First time caller. Excellent. I want to explain one thing. I said you a resume of George W yesterday. Did you got it? Get it by chance? A resume? Of George W. In the mudlary. Three day. Those things over the past. The TAS today afternoon. No. The joke right away. Three pages. Oh. Yes. If you. You've seen it. If you get a chance to read it, please do. Okay. Okay. You give you the biggest kick you ever got in many, many moons. Well, I get a lot of kicks. I'll say that then. Okay. Thanks, how. Thanks. Okay. Okay. How come you didn't affect that? And it's just a joke. So George is doggy. In case you were like out of the room taking a dump or something. We found George is dog and it's still alive. Still cute. Now are you positive? I mean, you have obviously had. We don't have the dog in our hands yet, but they've had a conversation. The lady saw the one at poster and was a lady. Okay. Because you know, some guy might be a wise guy. The lady's organization here by convenience store. Like two thirty in the morning last night. Really? And saw the poster today and called and said, Well, I know that she was hanging out of the dog for you. Right. She was holding it. She was holding it. She was holding it. I hope she even feed it. Nothing. I'm sure one meal of whatever ain't going to kill it. What do you think it was even dumpster? The restrictive diet is, you know, there's things that he can't eat. No, no, wait a minute. He was in the dumpster? No, that's a joke. Then what time are you talking about Boner boy? I really thought he was in the dumpster. He was a teason. No, no, he. No, see, nights when it rains. No, no, no, I see your laugh. When you sleep on to the overpass, a night's when it rains like the last week. It's been brutal. Uh, Bina Boy has to happen that I'm still in close to this. I'd like to say. So there you go. If he would have effected if Nikki would have been a right part of town, he could have been a night's night old Bina Boy. I saw him. I think it'll go. This is five, six. Welcome all in. Welcome all your time. You, you. I'm. Be afraid. Be very afraid. Hello. I, sir. Oh, yes. Mouse. Oh, Mr. Mouse. Good morning, I'm on your side. I'm not good, I, sir. Oh, you're not feeling well, sir. I'm watching the television. The ABC 50 year reunion special? Oh, what an amazing special. What a night to remember. Yeah, night to remember for you. How many times were you on camera? I counted 75. Oh, it was really? It was all about you. You make well, maniac. You've only been with a company. I don't know. Ten years or whatever. And you run it into the toilet. What did you think of my speech, sir? I thought it was terrible. You're awful. Why did Mike give the speech? Well, sir, since I am the president and CEO of the company, I thought it was. Yeah, I'm idiot. Well, we did have some major talent. We had joints of Volta Tim Allen. Jim Allen. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. We went flee. All luncher. It's about 10 per second. It's about 10 per second. No, Volk. Who was that? No, no one. It's just help you. You're saying about Tim Allen? That, that are not the remakes. No, no, no, no. He called him sick today. Oh, that's- I got paperwork up to my fate ears. It's remixes. Hold him on. No, no, sir. I am on and every month. Yes, sir. Put on on a phone. Three with straight, three with straight, three with straight. Stop that person. Oh, boss. What'd you say? Hello. What'd you call him? Who's this? What do you mean who's this? Ha ha ha ha. How you doing, boss? Can I get you call, I hear boss? Who's your boss? Who's your boss? You're my boss. I'm your boss. We're you, boss? Yeah. Why aren't you here today? You called in sick. I'm taking some lost time. You know, like, siblings, does an army? Well, PD Blue. Lost time. You're working here, Ramus. I've done tons of things for you. I paid for your rehab, didn't I? I've been meeting it talking about that, boss. I've got you off a quiet, Ramus. I need a little reflection, boss. Okay, what, Ramus? I'm almost done here, boss. What are you doing over there? What is it, Kuzi? It's a beautiful, boss. Put them at home, maniac, on. Hold on. Are you, is it? Sir. Ah, Jal, Kuzi. Well, it's been very stressful these days, you know, with the false schedule and everything get ready. I've been very stressed. You don't need a Jal Kuzi in your office. You're terrible. What stress? Oh, really, really, really, really, really. How do we have to Malham? Well, Tim Allen. A major stress. You're terrible. What stress? Well, Tim Allen, a major star for the company. Thank you. You're a star. He hasn't even had a show for years. I mean, sure. First of all, what's funny at all, the neighborhood of the Fangon. You couldn't see his face. And Tim Allen, maybe all of us proved. Hmm. The running noises, but come on. Well, he is Santa Claus. I mean, two hits. Santa Claus movie. What? What? Fire him? Fire him? Fire. Fire. I'm trying to tell him. But I can't speak. Fire. Tim. Tell Ramus. I'm talking to him. I'm talking to him. I'm talking to him. Remus? Mr. Mouse is talking to you. He's funny, Santa. I'm no doctor. I can't even read. Not doctor. I'm forgetting. Fun to lose, Earth. What a wonderful day. We found George's dog. Oh, we saw my lady. That's a good news. Okay. We accomplished something really productive today. I'll know we had nothing to do with it. Apparently, if she saw your thing, the post-aliener or orange posters, I little piece of advice for you. Don't be a bathing your dog and letting it out without its collar and tag on it. Yeah. Just a little piece of advice and don't have any, you know, slivers or cracks in your fence and, um, I mean, that's never going to be perfect. Little dogs always find some devious way, but at least know that you got the collar on the tag on it in the future. Just a little piece of advice. Sound. Good plan. Yeah. I'm going to be a little bit nervous. For a waterdale, hello. Yes, sir. Uh, not the jaguar, the whole wrecking with a dream thing. Yeah. Can you see them moving through the attraction? No. Don't see it? No? You're going to check it out. It's got like a whole bunch of those, like, pretty boy. Those got some stuff at the heaven and all these people. And they play these, like, screwed up roles. It's like, uh, I don't know how to explain. It's like, five different stories at all compared to one. It's really messed up. Oh, right. I'm going to get it today. Awesome. I don't know. I'm going to kind of flick. Thanks, pal. Thanks, pal. Rules of attraction. Are you seeing it? I saw a part of it. It did have good looking people in it. Well, there you go. That's exactly what we like. I said, even if they had their clothes on. Let's take a call from, uh, what is it? Davy. Hello. Wayne Newton. He's on there. At least he's supposed to be on there, but now that you mentioned it, He should be number one. He's most overrated. Thank you. Thank you. And the Mickey Rock must underrated. Okay. Thank you. Well, seriously, Mickey Wayne Newton never got on there. We was somebody called a man. Thank you. Profusely, this last call or whoever whatever you are. I have wrote it down. It's right here. I wrote it down. We all wrote it down. It's up to course for certain people. It was right after Oprah was Wayne Newton. I'm on my list right between Oprah and David Hasseloff between Iraq and a hard place. Oh, he's got the hard day. He's got the whole weekend. Yeah, he got the whole weekend to catch up. Wayne Newton certainly ought to be on there. Although the Humper says that he puts on a hell of a show in Vegas. I don't know. What he's talking about when he says that. What do you think I'm talking about? What do you think? Huh? Maybe him or saw a different show. What does that mean? Like a private show. Yeah, I guess that was a favor. Okay, because I'm going to say it's getting close to lunchtime for me. I've eaten nothing all day. I've worked up a really healthy appetite as a growing old man and you're just talking about Wayne anything will wait Newton beneath the neck. Nice to be on a puke. Here's the lady implementation. Hello. Hi. Yes, man? I'm really nervous. Please. This is what I was in congratulations to George for finding his dog. Right. And down to questions for you. of this list of movies that's on your website anywhere? You know, I'm glad you mentioned that because we were supposed to do that before one of a occasion when I came back, I noticed that it's conspicuously missing. Our website is great, but then never made it on there. Right. Right. And it seems every caller keeps talking about the same 10 movies over and over again. Right. You know, I mean, let's have some new recommendations. That is how we think it's talked about. We got rules of attraction. Have you seen that? No, I have not seen that. There's one. We got to check out this weekend. Yes. Yes. Definitely. And to say, you know, we're going to the movie kids. If you can movie bully, the guy who played the gangster, the one who knew all about how to commit the murder and everything. Right. Right. He plays one of the roles in kids. Yeah. Kids is not a real documentary. It's all actors. Right. So he plays a, what's his name? Telly. One of the kids in kids. I hated bully. I mean, it was the biggest waste of time of my life. It was just awful. It was like Kitty porn. Wasn't it? I mean, No, it was, it was just crap. It was just gratuitous violence. And he acting was awful. It was just, there was no point to it. Even though it was a true story. And supposedly the hook that we were supposed to be excited about. It was in happening, Florida. You know, happened in, uh, or was it in Westwood? Westwood? And Hollywood. It happened before it was an existed. So that's the thing. How do you like that? Yeah. How do you like that? Probably what it changed. Probably what it changed the name of that part of it. Yeah. Well, thank you for that. Okay. Thanks, we are. Right. I forgot to ask you if you saw a room for a dream. Don't forget we're going to be taking a mini pool before our regular pool on Monday. I mean, that's not going to qualify as a regular pool for a whole day because they're just starting off people who've seen it. 1215 night. Right after midnight tonight on a, uh, uh, IFC independent film channel. Why, why are they so reluctant? Why? I mean, they can tape it. They can't tape it. Please do yourself a favor. We're begging you. You love it. Here's coconut creak, hello. Hi, how could you have this fall without Carol Chattis? I mean, Carol Chattis? Well, the rated celebrity and and then while we're talking about actresses, a close second, the queen of post-nasal drip, Murrow Street. She only does one axis, civil. Okay. I like Carol Chattis. I'll give you Carol Chattis. How's that? Okay, thanks. Yeah, get Carol Chattis on there. Oh, she does have a nice hairdo. What is she about 150 something like that? Yeah. Wow. Yes, she, you know, in fact, it's interesting. He should mention that because she's got their real shrill sound, you know? Yeah. You see, now you're going to have you ever seen Carol Chattis with a... I think this guy just uncovered a secret of QAM. Scott Ferrell is Carol Chattis. How do you like that? Yeah, what? Ha ha ha ha. We're at least in those Carol Chattis. She's all lying. Anyway, Rosie is just run in a way. She is a, she's smothering the packs, so to speak. And that's another disgusting thought, where to lunchtime. Rosie's got 70 votes. Michael Jackson 39, just in Tickabell 34. Maybe that's a good pull from money. Who would you least like to have sit on your face? Oh, I hate you, no, no. We're supposed to be in 5C4. You a, M. That's good. Rosie, I'll download. Can't believe she's gay. You're a big fan of the double, you and me, yeah. Rosie, I'll download. It must be rude. For all of these years you've claimed in the time, rooms. Suddenly you must realize we knew it. Honestly, it's not that big a shock. If you were rich, you might learn where to do it. Oh, the, the, a, a crock. For falls in me. Rosie, I'll download. Give a fall alive. Now I hope, ladies and ladies, and Missy like a, Oh, I, Hey, don't forget the set noon 3 to 5. Go buying, congratulate George and finding his little dog. I'll show you a picture. 3 to find the set noon a 4-loaded, he'll hardly. On federal highway, just south of open, staff out of wood, Marlon Reds, Tickabell and free food from Atlantic City, Subbeds and Amanda Dogg is next in the Hank at 4. Right, right, right. The weather's so unficed. Don't you weigh out the planet in 4-loaded. Put them out, let's go.