Don't do the noise. Cindy, I told you not to buy my eyes now! Mr. Mouse, you snap on that eyes, sir. Oh no, nothing, sir, how are you? I'm not good. Oh no, what's wrong, now, sir? I want my balls turned black. Sure, your balls? My basket ball, my garage, it froze, it turned black! Oh, that's terrible, sir. I'm a big basket baller. Harble. Take the call, Eisner. What, what calls, sir? Dinner, Eisner. I'm gonna pay for she's getting a little more. Well, she's separated. There's some kind of a straight hair eyes there. She wants me to fix you, it's just a prey to make the move on the big guy. But, sir, what all do we respect? You're a mouse. Hey! Don't tell me I know I'm a mouse. I'm hot, though. She wants me, I can tell. You're my pinbiser. Okay, okay, sir, I'll make the... Oh, hang on a minute. Please! Hey, nice! I am so sick and I'm so hungry. But still not things, that's so hard. Any more Japanese do do do do do do do do do? Happy song no. It doesn't make me happy, it makes me want a strange old you. Eisner? Hey, yes, sir. I do want to tell you one good thing you're doing. Okay. I talked to you for America, Idol. You're finally put the song on the map with that thing. Wait a go, Eisner. Well, sir, that's actually the fox network. Don't correct me, I mean. Don't correct me, Isner. Reemers? What are you doing Reemers? Get A-Boss of Plamous Simple! Don't play the simple club on the fall Reemers! Rex, temperate, didn't you have to hand-boss? It's Disney Land, and it's terrible! That's right, they need Meebos! Don't play a simple again Reemers! Iser? Yeah, yes, sir. What are we running? Well, sorry, he got the Bachelor. Oh, that's right. That's stupid firestein kid with that pool peat and grin. No, no, no, sir. It's a firestone. I know. Yes, sir. Don't you correct me. What's his name? What's his name? Firestein. No, you went in and firestone! Do you want to know the name of a Bachelor? Oh, I'm... Heaven's Slakes of what's his information? I have to wait about Peter Jennings. Well, what about Peter? So he's doing a fine job. Oh, that was a good one. Reemers? I swear to God. I will take your hand. Between my white glove hands and appreciate. I both are. I'm under a little strip. What's the man in Nick and Durham Pass? See that? The Nick and Durham Pass. Shut smoking ball. You don't smoke Reemers? And Reemers. Get out of here, you moron. I hear. Yes, sir. Well, Mr. Jennings is doing a fine job. Peter Jennings is terrible. He's French. Well, actually, sir, he's Canadian. Oh, I... Oh, I said... Yes. I tell you about correct to me. Oh, but... What is Peter Jennings? Sip. He's French. No, you moron. He's Canadian. TCA, Gorbarn Network. You don't even know what he does. Why do I keep you around, Eisner? I don't know. Why, Eisner? I don't know. You are... Say it. Killing me? No, I'm not. And get all of it. Try to get me on a bachelor's shelf. Sir, you're married, Mous. Hey, Eisner. Yes? I don't want a marium. I don't want to date those 25 girls. I just want to stop them. Okay. Reemers. Good. 105, 5, 60, W.K. I'm happy Thursday, too. So if you think that's cute, yeah. Wait to see passions today. Anybody that's a passions person, even look for it. If you just stay an occasional viewer. Today is the one must see episode. You know how there's some like serial shows or soaps or whatever it is. Right? There's one episode in your lifetime that you must see it. As Judin Crane and Rebecca and Holontourage, Gwen, they're the Boosborens. Oh, yeah, Dan. I'm fine. I just, I really love being freckled on. Yeah, I just want to fucking start. What the f***? You're a f***ing virgin. You f***ing you. The f***ing you. Look at this f***ing room. I'm a s***ing. When they're the f***ing room. Oh, f***ing lose it, Dad. All right, we have the furniture f***ing stain proof. Very easy to clean up. What? Oh, believe me. Just watch. What? Oh, no. No f***ing, bloody pants again. It's a two-gannabee tube. Got to see Paxon today to a clock NBC on the channel six. Fourteen hundred and almost fifteen hundred votes on a polio yesterday. Shocking in it. No. Why not? It's a good pole. The most dangerous proof. Well, we've done this before. The most dangerous person in the world today. And look at that. We got like, just printed it out and they're this pouring in. How many have we gotten now? Fourteen ninety two. That was a good year. Was it? George W. Bush 589. Almost 40% the most dangerous person in the world. Osama, if alive, been laden hundred ninety three. Well, Howard David had very good moeyes moving back up. He started to tail off a little bit. Well, Howard David at 130. Hundred and about. About thirty man. Kim Jong-il 112, Richard Pro 96, Paul Wolfowitz 94. Dick Cheney, if alive 92. And of course, who the hell knows? We almost never see him. John Aschroff 67. John Rumsfield 39. I don't know what it is, but this audience just, maybe they just took a shine to him or something. They like his press kinds. Is that what it is? They like that great sense of humor when he drops little lines like. And tracks. Ariel Shuron 33. I'm pace off, no less. Oh, hey. Who prepared Murdoch 32 and saw them if alive, who's saying's only got 11. Right. Out of about 1500 vote. Pretty heavy duty on the poor yesterday. We got another great pull for today. Thanks to a listener for a fact in the suggestion in yesterday. It will take suggestions from you. I wear all those lines, Ryan. I have no idea. Maybe they're just phone checkin. Line checkin. QA, I'm line check. Dave. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. How you doing? Good. Red and paper. This is going to be the first lesbian kiss on all my children. Next week. Oh, my God. Wow. Yeah. About that. I've got time to eat out. I'm watching too. So sorry. But. There's not this done. Is she late on all about that yet? Because she does. She'll have it banned at UM. You can be damn sure that. A milestone in daytime televisors. I think she might like to be under receiving end. Oh, no. I think I'm going to take a peek at it with the hell. Sure. Why not? Koochi Koochi. It could be Susan Luchi. Actually, it's Susan Luchi's daughter in the show. Where are you? Yes. Susan and her daughter going to be doing it. My God. It's. I read the. It's in the. She already came out. She is a lesbian. So. Yeah. I guess it's going to be no big deal for her. Whatever. You never know. Okay. Thanks for the good news. That's pretty exciting. The W and George bush stands for. That's our poll today. The W and George W bush stands for. And we got some suggestions here already that we made in somebody else made. Wonderful. See, I tried to balance this out. But there aren't that many. Uh, no, seriously. There aren't that many positive words. It begins with W. Right. Oh, I didn't really think about it. Wretched. Wreckless. And I put the W in like parentheses on that because we're going to work about spelling. Wreckless with the W. W are longer. Wasted. Worped. Worst or worthless. You're writing down worst and worthless. You got to know. I got it. No. How about wacky. Wacky. Yeah. Rounds with a wacky. That's not what it's about. Oh, speaking of that. We got a lot of all of. We got stuff today. I would strongly urge. Yeah. And that would be it. Yeah. Just. I'll just do it. I'll just do it. You know, I don't understand why people are calling. I haven't said anything yet. You know, what is that all about? Maybe they have to weigh in. Hey. They have our meals. For. Yeah, it's me, too. What can I do for you? Hey, how you doing? Well, two things. I just saw your billboard. I'm talking to you. Can't you hear the call. My God. You are extremely ugly. Yes. right I do know that. Have you seen the other people at work on QAM? No, never have. Well I'm lovely compared to them so what is that? This why they didn't put their pictures in their billboards because is only as I am I look great compared to them. I mean, look somebody else. You don't want to turn me off but I said no let me call up. Can you? Do you want to get any level on this call or not? Carl? There you go. I wanted to be here every one of the shots we allowed. I don't want to hear you're waiting in the background. I don't have any level go ahead. Continue with your attack. No, I'm not attacking or you but I'm ugly. What do you look like? What do you look like? Oh, it's kind of matter of how look like you're the celebrity guy. You know, I look like hell too. So what are you getting on a billboards somewhere? You know, I'm not lovely like Dan Rather or like Larry King or David Letterman J. Let oh, there's a good looking guy. Get out of here. You idiot. Good looking right. Like handsome. We're looking guy. We're important. We will have a pretty face for a little. Don't much in more Howard David. They tried put Moza put on his billboard but the piecekip phone. Okay, now see, I mean, let's get to one or two at least serious things. Obviously the audience has got a bug up. There has not good. I like that. I'll speak in a dangerous bugs. Yeah. The dangerous strains of cholera black fever HIV polio and hepatitis may have been lost during the postwar looting of Iraq's key disease control facility ABC News has learned this morning. The US military is where they may be used as weapons. An exclusive report on ABC News Good Morning America, Brian Ross Viel that scientists did bag that Central Public Health Laboratory are worried that an unknown number of viruses have been stolen. They say looters took refrigerators full of the deadly viruses Friday but they're not sure exactly what's missing. They're in containers. All of these things taken together. cholera aids in black fever one unidentified Iraqi woman told Ross. Not just one or a couple, not just two or three. Of the worst of possible things in a world but all of these things. Ross says US Marine showed up at the facility today. US sources are concerned that polio and hepatitis may have been stolen in addition to other viruses that may not be reflected in the official records in bag dad Ross said the Iraqi scientists say they have no idea who took the material. They don't know whether it was swept up in a looting rampage or taken by somebody who knew what they had. There is great concern and anger from the director of the lab about the failure of the US event of looting. God are we doing a good job, you know what? Between the library and between the museum and now the hospitals. The Americans shouldn't just protect or here comes the key line of the whole story. The Americans shouldn't just protect a ministry of oil. They should put it all the general public health services. The lambs directed to Ross. The written sign outside now reads an Arabic stay away extremely dangerous. Live is polluted with viruses Ross said there have been no reports of illnesses yet and the greatest danger maybe it'll looter who took it in the wrong hands however could be a potent weapon. Very important weapon. So I guess if we're concerned about finding weapons of mass destruction maybe somebody else found some. Yeah. Not that we want to get a by nervous. We got the SARS to worry about. Now here we got the Nile virus we're worried about everybody's panic. You know we got the big holidays coming up too much mingling going on. All of the best news is that no more waiters in the push and no more drinking in the communal wine at least not for the time being up here because what if they give you the wait for a light with tongs? Only the altar boys can receive it in their mouth. 913 at 560 WQM here's some great deals from our good close personal buddies Tom Lamin and Joe Prieto at Halipani at GMC listen carefully put your ear right up to your radio and turn it up as loud as it'll go. Nile deal number one get 0% financing for 60 months on every potty acro GMC and stock. Nile deal number two get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new GMC and potty acro stock that is correct get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new car truck and stock. And Nile deal number three if you're currently a GMS part least just smart by customer and Travis Heavy Blazer, old's provide or GMC Jimmy by you were least a new potty acro GMC get an extra $1,000 off the price. Stop by Halipani test drive the all new and exciting and powerful potty acro and free too. Halipani at GMC you can't get a better deal you can't do business with people of free too better. There are 134 or 166 highway that's you want to cross from the falls and the good news is whenever you're ready to shop there when you for you because they're open every day seven days a week. If you want more information on these great Nile deals call the Nile deal hotline toll free 1 triple 8 5 3 4 4 4 4 2 11 that's 1 triple 8 5 3 4 4 4 2 11 and no forget all Nile deal submitted to credit approval CD for the tails make no mistake about an hell of potty ac GMC is professional grades. This is 5 60 3 years old yours. You we are. Beyond God. Warning we have mercilessly taken a following material out of context without endorsement or permission from those depicted is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible. We hope we reach that goal or at least major like Dr. Philly's on daily. I'm not even remotely qualified. Oh I didn't know that. Expect cycle be able and buzzword with no meaning and no purpose. Let's go to your calls for Dr. Philly. Sure. Does down Ohio? Hello. Hi. How are you? Fine. Okay guys, what's the question? Yeah, I've been married about three months and my wife and I just had our first little argument. And what do you think I should do Dr. Philly? I think pull the trigger on the voice real quickly. No, no, no, no. It was a minor argument over at 30 days. Don't allow yourself to be held emotional hostage. You can get a divorce by default. Carter's little Georgia for Dr. Philly. Hi. I was wondering if I'm a little short on my rant money. Is it okay if I take the collection play at church? Yes. Like a fraud. You need to step out of it. Okay. Atlanta. Hello. Dr. Philly. Are you high? Prementously high. I'm 17 at 5. 60. Happy Thursday too. If you're a good close personal friends of QAmen from us too. And happy pace off and happy. What do we say about good Friday? How about we shouldn't be working on it? That's good. Shouldn't be a holiday tomorrow? That would make it a good Friday. As a matter of fact, let's take a look at the schedule and see if any of our people are taking off for good Friday. So you know, but you took off for a pace off. Pass over just not that kind of a holiday. Right. It's an eating holiday. Oh look at that. What is that all about? The Humphor is off tonight where we got Joseph Gacky between three and seven. You think the Humphor is taking off for a good Friday? Is that could that possibly what that's right? Possibly. Oh my! Oh my! Oh my! Oh my! Oh we're sure you got a lot of Joseph Gacky lately. So I wouldn't be too optimistic for when that book comes out month and clearance. I wouldn't be too a whole my hopes up too high. Got some two pieces of great news for the one guy that called yesterday. Can't you see anything good about this war? Well, this isn't really good about the war because there is nothing good about the war, but and if you notice that kid Ali about how he's now like a superstar. Sure. He's under he newscast and thank goodness he's doing so good. Lucky. Oh brother. Just tears your guts up. And keep in mind he's one of the ones who turned out better off better off. I maybe. Terrorism threat level drops from orange to yellow. With the war and Iraq seemingly near and end the Bush administration lowered the official terrorism threat level today. Meaning yesterday. Top administration hates how the decision to reduce the perceived threat yellow for more. It was based on several factors. Maybe it was based on the or rally factor. They include the military progress in Iraq and assessments by intelligence analyst that the chatter in terrorist circles has subsided. Lot less chatter. You notice that? Nope. Oh yeah, just put your head out the window. You don't hear that. What do you see here? Yeah. Chatter. Nevertheless, announcing the lower threat level, the secretary of Homeland Security, Tom Rigid, warned against complacency. We must be vigilant and alert to the possibility that al-Qaeda most sympathetic to their cause, as well as former Iraqi regime state agents and affiliated organizations may attempt to conduct attacks against the US or interest abroad, Mr. Rigid said. By the way, speaking of organizations, how about the spokesman? What are I talking to the sweep? They got the broom shot and Brian Marie's mighty duck swept the redwayage last night, four games in a row. Nice going, Brian VM. Too bad all you phony redwaying fans in South Florida. Lease lost in overtime. Third overtime. Any bell for made 70 to stops. Of course, the three he led in were put here, but nobody's going to talk about those. They'll say, wow, wasn't he great after he led in the first two really bad goals? And I'll say, yeah, he was great. But didn't he rate? Nothing's perfect. So there you go. We're back to yellow. So everybody's are stand down just a little bit. Okay, you want to stand down? Okay, don't you love that expression? Yeah, what does that mean? The only military for the saying that I like better than stand down is, you like that one lot there. Oh yeah. Speaking of that, let's have a big who all for the big catch. Sodoms have rather the five of clubs, five of spades? Which one is it? Five of clubs like I said. You want special forces of captured Sodom whose veins have rather a senior former Iraqi government figure in the late night swoop in Baghdad. The snatch came as intelligent sources revealed that several key former Iraqi officials may still be hiding inside Iraq. Are you facts about me, crap? Yes. Wow. Must be important stuff because my facts machine, my facts machine just made these big clunky. In fact, it's still the one it must be really heavy to do this stuff. Oh, that's a kind of good thing. Might in the same pizza is the WD for what me worry. Right. I think we ought to put that on there. Don't add it. Are you adding it? I'm adding it. What me worry? What come on me worry? I like that. Although let me say it again. Don't ever call them Alfred. You know what again. I think you're going to apology to Alfred if you do that. That's been my consent feet. Not that. Let's see George White stupid man on our microwave bush says J and Tampa. Oh, what's going on over there in West Coast? We got people in Tampa and St. Pete. We might even start getting some response from South Florida pretty soon. Don't go crazy. Aw, you never know. Tampa St. Pete. Okay, Lutz will be calling next. So anyway, this is a set of clubs. I mean, the five. The five are clubs. Bizarron, Abraham, Hassan, Altik, Kitri. Altik, Riti. If you haven't. South and South rather than former senior presidential advisor was captured by a team of special forces by US Marines, Brigadier General Vincent Brooks told a press briefing in Qatar today. But there's a sad as little piece of bad news. What the other I do with it? About how they couldn't find all that all that important documentation. Did I print that out? Yeah, I see. I totally. I've got too much stuff here. Too much stuff. No, seriously. I've got 45,000 different things here today. I can't keep track of any of it. There was all that stuff. All these important documents and somehow and these big houses that they rated and they were all laying around like Sonam's all his little black book and all of his girlfriends and wives and head hunchos and terrorist connections etc. By the way, that Abu Abu Abbas Malpateh is. If we have time, we go talk about that. Abu Abbas. Oh, but that's the proof. We're going to be disconnected with terror. Guess what? Abu Abbas. Oh, the world is buying that. Let me stir. Got a very good shot up. Big story here from the BBC. Carlos slap him on the side of the head. Okay. He is already. It's not even 930. He had already out of control. God did we have a good time last week. Anyway, somebody mentioned Tim Robbins and the speech that he gave to National Press Club and it's on our website. Is that on our already Carlos? No, very soon. Like I said, it'll be on our website very, very shortly. I don't know what your problem is. Only a fact is 600 bedtime stories today. You have to be right on top of that, man. And I have the transcript of the speech, which is I think a little bit too long to be the whole thing on here. Don't you? Well, I really don't care what you think. But I'm there's a couple of pages here that I am going to get to. A lot of reading that a lot of bedtime stories. I don't know some people get upset about that because we don't get as many of the really good calls. And we don't know what to freaking bad. As the booze boards said on the on passions or they will say today too. I'm bad, okay? It's just you have to see it. And then of course the clowns are going crazy too. And what's his name? Charlie. She's she's banging the uh, blonde dolls. So to speak. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. No, I have a wish. Week or wait. Wank or no, wait. No, we're wanted here. Week is good. I like week. I like that one. Yeah, I like. I like. I like to. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. I'll tell you one thing. It's getting a little scary up here. If it's not the sorry, it's the uh, the West Now virus. And then there's all the go. I'm going to be throwing them wifers around. Wow, tomorrow's a good day to stay in, you know? Are we up the day to stay inside? WQAM? Woody? WQAM? Witty? Witty? Warmonger? That's a good one. We already got Warmonger. Witty? Yeah. Warmonger and white bread. I think white bread's not too bad, actually. Yeah, there you go. And uh, I have about a Jennifer Lopez George with Carmen Lowe. That was great. I loved it. I loved it in the car. It was great. Okay, see you. You're watching J. Lowe now. It was on South Park. They were making a perfect turn. Oh, J. Lowe has invaded South Park. Oh, they shredded her. Are you fucking carrying me? No, it was hysterical. Okay, I've been enjoying it. It wasn't as good as passions with the Abu's born. I guarantee if you saw it, you'd craft your pants. I'm telling you right now. But you won't watch it for your hard ends. I'll put that up on you. Yeah. You just very narrow in your scope. You stick to the same tried and true South Park's of Pranos. Anything be as with an S, you know? That's pretty much it. Yeah. A lot of sharo. Right. I'm telling you, you, uh, forget it. Because Sheridan begins with an S. Okay. So, Barbara. Oh, that begins with an S too, see? Right up your alley. Are we going to get that new pool on there? I don't want to start pushing these guys. But we can't read it. I'm re-faxing it for the third time. He can't read it. I got to go over it. Oh, you have to think of me. You have to be joking me. Would you like me to facts it to him from here on a fact machine that really works? You know, what's that? It would be a bad idea. That wouldn't be a bad idea at all. Well, guess what? I'm not, uh, we're the hell's his number. I'm not going to possibly. Oh, I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll call it. We'll just read it again. Okay. See, we did that. We started slow. Yeah. The W and George W bush stands for and then we got to list here. Wonderful. Wretched reckless with a W. We don't. Don't worry about our spelling. We'll do whatever we want. We're longer. Wasted, warped, worst, worthless. What me worry, week or white bread. As he ain't no andchromama. Uh, he don't even know no andchromama. Five six seven. Oh, five six the palm five is he going to be able to get that or should I facts your tombs here? It's like facts it now. It's on its way. You are factoring it? Yes. Because we got all these short breaks today. What's going on with that sales department? I'm not getting any new copy from these people. I don't want to start up again with them. But, uh, they're like, are they all on vacation too? I don't know. Are they like on pace off? Good Friday and the rest of the year vacation is that what the deal is a QA and Jesus Christ man. Instead of wasting your time coming and hooking with me there in a morning or car, uh, whatever their name is, muffin clearance, go back to the sales department and jump up and down. Hop on a man. We're going to be out of Venice pretty soon if they don't get with it. What a bunch of losers. Let's get some new copy from you losers back there too. Don't get me started about fat boy. Oh, out of BS artist he is. Hey, pal, I'm going to get you that great new band. I'm going to do that. Bye bye. Just stay away from a fat boy. Okay, don't ever call me again. Ever. I will tell you about a great one of our sponsors. Don't let's brand these shoes. They've been on the show for a long time because and I've been in business for a long time. This is their 2050 in business in South Florida. A lot of other shoes to earth probably doesn'ts and dozens and hundreds of coming gone during that period of time. But the reason brand is just to learn this because they have an unbeatable combination for it. A fantastic selection of men's home and famous brands. Choose the best in the world rock ports. Echoes, ma fistow timelom carts, S.A.S. floor shine, everyday low prices, special sales every week and great sales holes for we knew how to treat your right and get your perfect fit every time. So if you want to get your feet in the shoes that you really love, this is the place to do what brand is a great place to shop for shoes of all kinds for men and women. Of course, they got all the sizes. Men 6 to 15 women's 5 to 12 and wits from the very very narrow to the very big embarrassingly wide like a duck. Brandy shoes to rate 1290 North federal highway in pop at a beach open daily 90 line. Sunday's 10 till 5 and all this week at Brandy's. Don't forget it's a great time to buy S.A.S. shoes. Take 20% off all men's women's S.A.S. styles. Be sure to visit Brandy's shoes on the web at Brandy's shoes.com off we got off this Instagram and we're turning it hanging over your eyes. You'll look like you have a clue. American, amazing new legacy. All right. I'm 31 at 560 WC. Here's what it says. The lowering of the tear alert is nothing but a political move to show that there was a benefit to the WC and prove the tear risk length. Okay. Whatever that means. No, I think that now we got the war under control. It's to say, I guess what it's all over and then we do a great job and everybody's safe again. It's okay to come stick one leg out from underneath the bed. You post sticking out too far because then the SARS might get you or something else. This affects about the pull for whatever this is week. Did you look at this? Yeah. Palm Beach troublemakers is sorry for your wrecking your brain over New Daily Pool. So what about this one 25 years ago? The movie network accurately predicted what the world will be like today. What movie do you think most accurately depict in life in 2028? Will most accurately depict? It says, what movie do you think will most accurately depict life in 2000? What did I say? Most accurately depicted. We used to slap him on the other side of the head now for me. Please Carlos. Here's some obvious starters and suggestions. A million years BC sleeper escape from the York planet of the Apes Road Warrior in Swailand Green. I mean I appreciate the effort there but I think it's kind of weak. I like it, you like it? It's a good idea. I think it sucks. I'll tell you what I'll save it for next time you're on. Okay. So look at a calendar now. What is next year? So Tim Robbins writes or he didn't actually write this. This was the transcript of the speech he gave to the National Press Club a couple of days ago. As a matter of fact, it was two days ago on Tuesday. I'm not going to read the whole thing like I said it's too long but he's with the concept has always been a popular target. I remember when Columbine high school shooting happened President Clinton criticized Hollywood for contributing to this terrible tragedy this is we were dropping bombs over Kosovo. Could the violent actions of our leaders contribute so out of the violent fantasies of our teenagers or is this all just Hollywood and rock and roll? I remember reading at the time that one of the shooters had tried to enlist to fight the real war a week before I acted out his war and real life at Columbine, I talked about this in the press at the time and curiously nobody accused me of being unpatriotic for criticizing Clinton. In fact the same radio patriots that call us traitors today engaged in daily personal attacks on their present during the war in Kosovo. Today prominent politicians who've decried violence in movies the blame Hollywood as if you will recently voted to give our current president to power to unleash real violence in our current war they want us to stop the fictional violence but are okay with the real kind. And these same people that tolerate the real violence of war don't want to see the result of it on the nightly news unlike the rest of the world our news coverage of this war remains sanitized without a glimpse of the blood and go and flick to the upon our soldiers or the women and children in Iraq. Violence is a concept and abstraction it's very strange. As we applaud the heart-aged realism of the opening battle scene of saving private Ryan we cringe the thought of seeing the same on the nightly news we're told it would be we were our told it would be pornographic we want no part of reality in real life we demand that war be painstakingly realized on the screen but that war remain imagined and conceptualized in real life. In the midst of all this madness where is the political opposition where all the Democrats gone long time passing long time ago. With apologies to Robert Burd I have to say it's pretty embarrassing to live in a country where a 5-foot-one comedian has more guts and most politicians. We need leaders not pragmatist that cowardly for the spinsones of former entertainment journalists we need leaders who can understand the constitution congressmen who don't in a moment of fear advocate the most important power directed to clear war out to the executive branch and please can we please stop the congressional sing-alongs. In this time when a citizen we applaud the liberation of a country as it lives in fear of its own freedom when an administration official releases an attack at questioning the patriotism of a legless Vietnam veteran running for Congress when people all over the country fear reprisal if they use their right to free speech it's time to get angry it's time to get fierce and it doesn't take much to shift the tide my 11-year-old nephew was shot kid who never talks in class stood up to his history teacher was questioning Susan's patriotism that's my aunt you're talking about stop it and the stunt teacher backtracks and began stammering compliments in embarrassment. Sports writers across the country reacted with such overwhelming fury at the Hall of Fame that the president of the Hall of Fame admitted he made a mistake and majorly baseball this about any connection to the actions of the Hall's president a boy can be stopped and so can a mob it takes one person with courage in a resolute voice. The journalist in this country can battle back at those who would rewrite our constitution in patriot act too or patriot the sequel as you'd call it in Hollywood. We're counting on you to star in that movie journalists can insist that they not to use his publicist by the administration the next white house correspondent to be called on by a reflicer should defer their question to the back of the room to the banished journalist do juror and any instance of intimidation to free speech should be battled against any acquiescence or intimidation at this point will only lead to more intimidation you have the elected and not an awesome responsibility and an awesome power the fate of discourse to help the republic is in your hands whether you're right on the left or on the right this is your time that us and you have chosen. We lay the continuance of our democracy on your desks and count on your pens to be my dear millions are watching and waiting in mute frustration and hope hoping for someone to defend the spirit letter of our constitution and to defy the intimidation that's visited upon his daily in the name of national security and warped notions of patriotism. Our ability to disagree in our inherent right to question our leaders and criticize the rations define who we are to allow those rights to be taken away out of fear to punish people for their beliefs to limit access in the news media to differing opinions is to acknowledge our democracies defeat. These are challenging times there's a wave of hate that seeks to divide us right and lift pro-war and anti-war and the name of my 11 year old nephew and all the other unreported victims of this hostile and unproductive environment of fear let us try to find our common ground as a nation let us celebrate this grand and glorious experiment that survived for 127 years to do so we must honor and fight vigilantly for the things that unite us like freedom the first amendment and yes baseball. So Tim Robbins for the National Press for our enthusiasm. I've gone Tim I've gone baby because you are a little bit correct. How do you like that? I like that a lot. I'd like to I might read it like 45 foot or maybe not quite 45 maybe only. 21 until 10 a Q a m. You're a bad. Yes I am. We'll argue just her. The news today I asked you out you said no way. The week ends here. I'm alone. I'm horny now. I grab my phone with all my old friends. You're hand in a close air. Up and down. You think God for the rest of the world would come on over. I'm 43 at 5.60 WQM happy a pass over happy a good Easter happy Easter happy uh one else. That's a good Easter good Easter well that's but tomorrow's good Friday and a good Easter and a good good. All the same polycrap. I don't say that you can't say that. I just did because it's true. Here's a good one from Dave and Lakeland weasel. Let's get that on there. What do you say? I like it. Wish I could change by vote. All over you apologize to the one who died on Moes 4head. But that is a weasel in it. Let's grab or a durable Muscratch. He's doing a Muscratch ramble. I could just see that. Can't you see it? Moes doing a Muscratch ramble right in this video. They're with guilty uh playing the flute. Here's Stuttaring Giller home. It says George Wasting taxpayers money bush. It's a little bit uh unlike untidy yeah. Oh thanks for any wise Stuttaring Giller. I want to piecekinda Stuttaring Steve that calls a Mosho every morning along with one and Lou. Here's an interesting piece from the UK mirror newspaper. US pay off army leaders. Many of Saddam's top military hedge bin were secretly pay off and airlifted to save havens by US special forces as Baghdad fellow was claimed last night. The double dealing Republican guard leader Mahir Sufi on order his division laid down their arms after the US agreed to take him by Apache helicopter to a secret location. I phone is ringing again you know what that means. Booker Brian's dismount either. I'll die. Iraqi troops around Baghdad had sought to wait before the US advanced dumping huge caches of arms and the streets behind them. Details of the CIA's dealings were kept confidential as the Iraqi capital fell for fear of reprisals against Saddam loyalists as other negotiations took place. A military source that US Central Command and Qatar said yesterday the fact that the coalition was able to make these deals not we took bad bet with surprising ease. Now you're starting to understand why they went in there with like nobody there. Yes virtually no organized opposition. They cut some deals you know. I'm not how many bucks they had a pay to get these generals to a coal S. The U of the W and George Bush stands for we got the pull up there already. Workless 13. Wonderful nine. Woo out of 44. We got nine who say wonderful. Man a warm longer for white bread three. Reckless with the W three. Warp three. Worst three. Wretched appear. What me worry too. That's what I voted. Wasted two and length doesn't have any yet. You can't call the president of Wankania. Unless his name was Bubba. No, it's seriously just like Tim Robbins says when Clinton was in there and who is being just excoriated not only for his sex life but every every time he farted it wasn't the right flavor and he made up every kind of story under the sun. I mean it would just just brutalizing me guy who basically and I'm never stole a freight train like Michael Moore said he did a lot of crap to do make no mistake about it. His hands were mighty dirty when he left but nonetheless everything is relative. But the point being that we got eight million different sarcastic, caustic satires on Bubba in here was there ever a complaint was there ever a complaint about the jocelyn elders bit. Oh no. And last time I checked he's a hell of a lot darker than condolisa. But boy once you start messing with this crowd man with the ghost peppers we have taken control of the country in a bloodless cool well was bloodless to less business happened right then it's a different story it's a horse of it in color. Now we're going to get you off the air we're going to because they want they want one voice they want Fox News on all and they want clear channel on all radio and Fox News on all TV stations and that'll be it that's it that's all you need to know all spin all day unfair unbalanced tilted far to the right so far that your TV like your TV would look like the leanies how our pizza. And I'm saying you'd have to like put supports on it on the right sides we didn't tilt over. Yeah I think we're being freaked by the way. Are we? Why do you say that because wonderful just passed from like nine to seventeen. That but you understand there's 65 oats on here and 51 of them are there see there's only one positive category. Carlos slapping like on a forehead now. Yeah that'll do it. Why is it that you're so slow since you came back I think North Carolina kind of slows you down what does a lot where you did come up with something good all you came up with a stir from ABC that was very good because I didn't know none of them about the botchallism in the color we're on the HIV and the the uh oh. Now we're too busy are gardening the oil ministry we don't have time to wear about all these other things. Oh there's something very very wrong something really smells bad. I didn't see 60 minutes too much now I was watching hockey I'm so sorry but you said the Dan rather actually I did a couple of things yet they did a little warnings we warn you the pictures you're about to see your little because they were talking about the mop up operation so they went into a hospital and how they don't have supplies and here's all the children with the uh blown up faces and no eyes uh etc Well long overdue of course now that's all things over where I guess it may be a little bit late although it's something to think about for next time next time yeah next time like Siri the W and George W voice dance for worthless 15 wonderful 14 that's 21 and a half percent so you see at least 78 and a half percent don't say so wonderful. If there's some other positive ones be feel free to my uh call them in I have no problem with that but I couldn't think of any other positive one W is just a strange initial for a strange guy uh war manga 11 worst 7 w 6 war 6 reckless with the W 5 let me worry 4 white bread 4 wasted 3 and wank still don't have any no wank I'd like the mad dog no wank W 2 I am yeah hi hi how you doing uh 5 my onion it sounds just like you I've got a positive one for W great on the wagon yeah but that starts with a uh oh yeah well but you know and then also of course seriously will he headed will he headed will he w h o l like role will he he headed you mean like James will he you know like thick cotton headed okay thanks and also yes I think it's absolutely astonishing that they would be uh guardian even now astonishing is it's predictable guardian the oil feels instead they're well they were ignoring 5 thousand year old uh treasures in this cradle of civilization in museums it's just so predictable of that uh like Tom Rumsfeld said who's going to worry about a few broken pots yeah okay hang in there you two right we's all in and we still get any votes oh we did we impo we's all on your yet don't start pushing Eric now he's having a very very stressful morning because you didn't fact him very clear but Joe was only our good buddy from Rothoff is a plaza gonna bring us a toner for down here yes he is and that's something how I have so much better equipment and so much more update all my supplies up here in Toronto even though I'm not a QAM that's probably the reason when you think of it you have two a toner standing by just in case in their nice sub brand new box I have a whole case and what's this really good thanks paper I don't I'll tell you I don't they have a special item when I coat or order it I want to make you feel like you know inferior even though that place is yeah oh it's at a bottom of my garbage thing here one moment please oh it's a hammer mill okay remember arrived your hammer used to drive at the meadows oh yeah no hammer mill and then it was quirky handle used to drive cold Sunday a Jackson harness raceway five six seven oh five sixty let's do some harness racing talk and then we recap the a 72 shots that had been built for stop last night in triple over time and the three greases that he lived in there was more grease on those goals than your fine even crazy john ever saw the little red caboose whatever happened whatever I don't want to go into it because I'm gonna start with the sales people again we have no information we have no idea who got PD Lenny's accounts we have no idea what those going on in nice gone screw and cheese too there's still try to kind of scrape our ass above the floor back there after that drug I said Marlon came later than I couple weeks ago she's still out of it W2QAM I look what I just did QAM hello hi Neil yes man I think the W's stand for what do I do next daddy or what do I do next dick no I don't doesn't he always work when he has a speech like what what do we see next yeah you're doing the headlights look I call it yeah I'm so glad you read the tin robins thing because I happen to see it on six hands right and it was too long of course to send you but I mean he was phenomenal and I'll tell you if they had more stickers like that you know he's really right if we had a movement yeah he has nothing we're having a lot of movement not the kind of looking for to speak out I also want to say to you you know um the chimpanzee what her name all precious precious now so far um the guy to place the weeds hasn't had any scenes with precious oh wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait he's here today but yes today he could barely keep a straight face did notice but today it's gonna be even better because I see the day ahead of you yeah today precious is looking up the back of his shirt and checking out his back dome and Hank Hank comes in and says I think he uh I think he's got something for you precious and he's good yeah but you're not hitting anybody right now Hank what do you say thank you so stupid it is going to become a police yeah exactly I'll put right in with that screw yeah like who's who we could so I knew that woman was going to be another norma yeah and Charlie didn't you almost fall fall off here it's the first episode she was in did you almost fall off your chair when she said something about I'm going to be your friend Beth and her mother goes under her breath that's what they say in Provincedown yeah yeah I'm going to tell you I want you to call me tomorrow because if you see it today I guarantee you better have two changes of underwear Hank standing by I want God I have to go out but I have to tape it tape please but I'll tell you the after I mean he could not keep a straight face yeah and if you imagine how many times they have to retake those things but I think the girl the play best was already used to it because she would be like real serious and he'd have this smirk on his face like and and I'll please audience if you've never watched passions before especially today if you've got to watch it one time in your lifetime today is today with the booze-borens try to have the most suggested remarks it is great yeah time all right yeah here's one George wrong-headed bush what do you think wrong-headed weep weep wrongful I mean they're trying wittler maybe this isn't such a good pull suggestion I like whittlers is good whittlers that's not bad whittlers gotta come up with something positive come on because wonderful is like wonderful number one now is wonderful and if we ever had that thing in here again which I'm sure it's not in here anymore whatever happened to that thing what thing it disappeared the stand freebird thing where he says oh no we never had the one he says wonderful wonderful we have G that it was a warlotset it was in there it did disappear and I know how and the world's are one disappeared too something really strange going on here at QM maybe we're being sensitive anything it's possible I remember playing it if we had anybody let me just tell you this if we had anybody in a market who actually really wrote other than some bitches of being a DJ on live 100 again or some silly thing like jick or wrote a defunot of his column this morning but if if if ham or Glenn Garvin of course is a real right wing or anyway or a Ken back to his visiting a sports lady now if there was anybody in a market wrote about radio that whole story about condolisa and fox news and the whole all that stuff that went down that was a major story in local broadcasting of this past year there wasn't one word written about it and of course God forbid anybody should write about the chilling effect that's going on how about how and right wingers are trying to get all the rest of us off the year now we don't want to write about that because we don't want to give that fat fat any more publicity don't even mention my name if you want i'm not looking for publicity it's not going to help especially now we got the nifty billboards up but my report on it but uh you know and and this is what you do with because most of the people were writing about all the stuff just like Glenn Garvin you read his stuff in a hero and he starts pedaling his right wing bullcraft two right there when a guy damn instead on the editorial page is he's editor analyzing on a guy damn uh people page which supposed to be fluff so like I said good luck to myself and now I'll just hear the TV presents I like the information of a sir Camel Fuka and we are this close to defeating the great infidel americans once again they are not even in our act they're not even close to back then they have not gotten closer than 100 miles to back oh you see I would happen to the lights um probably just someone with a gas grill it didn't look at that right or something nothing to worry about nothing to worry about back that is safe as we the army of the great sabamos and our hero protect you more boring that's not gone fire that you hear that is fire cracker that is crazy uh we we celebrate Chinese two year crazy Chinese people here in fact that uh not too worry you are safe me I know that the large vehicle passing by with a gunfire behind me they look like a american tank the really um ice cream truck some bitch getting on the helicopter oh yeah okay tight going home I got you these you know it's big enough good night you can hold on a little fire we've mentioned bad I'll tell you that 10 out of two or five sixty wdqm the US campaign to the sir massiri are prompted a hospital response from Iran and Egypt yesterday with both suggesting Washington is doing Israel's bidding and it's going comfort with the mask is ready for that yep I think the Syrians were pretty clever actually to come up with a deal in the u.n security council short off put a resolution in there to get rid of all weapons of mass destruction in the Middle East of course that would include not just Israel and Egypt and Syria and Iraq and Iran but also Indian Pakistan you think they're giving up them noo I don't think so I think Israel's given up their 200 noo don't think so but Israel says he's thinking about it I'm thinking about to them settlements you know we says he'll let you know after pace off speaking of religious crazy people like him pedigons preacher earth's Muslims in a move angered the angry some Muslims the pedigons good Friday service will be offered by an evangelical preacher who dubbed Islam very evil and wicked last year and army spokesman says irrelevably small number of Muslims at the Pentagon felt the invitation was inappropriate because of Reverend Franklin Graham's past anti-Islamic comments but Lieutenant Colonel Ryan Yanthis says Christians at the Pentagon at astrograim and the Pentagon tries to accommodate the worship needs of all religious groups. Yes, you know that separate Muslims services are scheduled let the Pentagon the same day because Friday is the Islamic Sabbath Graham was heavily criticized for calling Islam a very evil and wicked religion in an interview with NBC not long after the terrorist attacks on the American Washington he wrote in a subsequent Wall Street Journal column they doesn't believe Muslims are evil people because of their faith but I decretting the evil he said that's been done in the name of Islam or any other faith including Christianity said why don't you sure a lot of that you know man I believe it's my responsibility to speak out against the terrible deeds that are committed as result of Islamic teaching he wrote singly singly after repressive treatment of women and the absence of religious expression in some Muslim countries you know thank god that the Catholic Church is all those women priests right right in fact not that we want to get into like a pissing contest but over the centuries throughout history in course Islam's been around a very very long time but throughout history which religion has a massacre the most innocent people good question which religion has made more people an offer that they couldn't refuse Christianity oh he also said that the persecution of a elimination of non-Muslims has been a cornerstone of Islam conquest and rules for centuries and it's been made other comments attacking Muslim for lack of religious tolerance what a guy Graham son of famed evangelist Billy Graham recently sparked fresh anger with plants this and Christian relief workers into Iraq when it war ends that's right we're gonna go over there and all those townheads all those impidels will convert them well bring them to Jesus baby can you imagine the money they can the dinars they can break in they can sit around have some good dinars together you did see that now they want to put the mercenaries in here because they said the dinars worthless right now why is that why is it worthless because of cause of us Samaritan's purse the really phagency handed by Graham is poised whereby shelter water medical assistance inside Iraq as soon as military clearance is available as American and ally troops roll into Iraq Samaritan's purse has a well equipped team already on the ground in the Middle East ready to help thousands of suffering families in the name of Jesus Christ these demon on a group's website says holy cow the was in the said that he that was bad so you gotta no matter what you say bad attendia well it's close close by Jesus Christ also that some Muslim groups believe Graham has ulterior motives given his past viewpoints people are suspicious about his real aim which could be to take advantage of a situation which people are desperate said hold on Hassan a spokesman for the council on american is lunar relations in Washington they'll have food on one hand in a Bible the christian Bible and the other a spokesman for Graham's group said religious issues might be raised we do not not deny the name of Christ can isics of Samaritan's first told new house new service Jesus Christ right we believe in sharing him indeed in world word we will be who we are right a bunch of intolerant by wing uh... glam will be who we are and will never change that's for danger the w and George bush stands for wonderful wretched reckless warmonger wasted warp worst worthless what may worry weak white bread weasel or whittless and we can add to and I'm sure we will don't you think we ought to we got to get some positive ones well I don't know many other ones yet but I'm sure we got a hundred eighty five votes and worthless is number one with forty w q i m yes sir yes it sounds like it to me yes i thank you very much i am a much time but i just was wanting a meal had noticed that i had a total of the sun's been all today in the connection of that tell with this administration and the regular administration and the right should also yeah i he he noticed that already yes sir okay thank you very much is a great i had a total of five long yeah we had that on days ago about your choice in back tell him but nevertheless sun's time will get around with sooner later better late than ever what about wicked why don't we have that on there good quick it was it was said that in the movie fame what was your name uh... marino marino marino yeah who used to be on the twenty five thousand dollar payment all the time right marino why let you book a brand squeeze himself now squeezing his kneecaps well chicken neck what do you call that wicked remember that was that was a great movie fame great all right surprise ray all right i thought was good one to go to an effort that school anyway lee Roy she was good five five six seven all five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty and t and Verizon wireless line w q a m new uh yes sir uh how about the wacko what is it uh how about uh George record whacko and we shouldn't bring him because the guy can't help his or retard but the ambassador has a boss cheney cheney has a boss the old companies the old company hello boss the military industry complex run by good yeah i have a boss too he is one this called a bantula oh here you go here's hector's got one w w for winner there you got to have a few positive ones on here looks like we stacked the deck we know what would we ever do that yeah what is what it is winner good that on your right away come on let's get that on your Eric put on that goddamn croissant which would bacon and cheese oh I do like though i haven't had one of those in years although the good news is we have plenty of burger kings up here well what and McDonald's and subway Kentucky fry pizza pizza huh what else do you want and we also have a great rock just almond brittle and this is a turtle i'm not eating okay and of course tomorrow's the big way in me and the beast will see who's doing well and who's not doing so well i'm telling you right now if he doesn't get with it and i'm not given any of that food defathport that boy you can blow it out to your faddle ass okay just don't throw it in that building good but uh there must be somebody else in the building if if the beast is gonna screw us over on that because balance for life is great they've been very nice to us and huh there must be somebody else in this building okay i said there must be the common thing i think there are but turn man yeah who'd be delightful the little candidates for a balance for life because the beast has really been screwed off like we're not fooling anybody anymore okay oh you know he gets on a scale he's then it's a doctor scale remember what i bought there we first came to qa for a doctor scale at the great expense to me for like about 300 bucks and you can't lean you can't tilt on it you can't it doesn't lie it's got to wait on it remember the weight yeah i remember Doug wait he ain't no Chris Wells and our on kids started with a hockey stuff again look what Chris Wells did to show you your zero how about that two barons in Dallas oh sorry five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eighteen and two oh and here's an article that's kind of interesting by Neil McCay and the Sunday here old not the US not the money real a secret blueprint for you as global domination reveals that president Bush and his cabinet were planning a pre-meditated sack on iraq to secure regime change even before he took power in January 2001 so all of this horsecraft about weapons advanced destruction and about all of the other excuses of which there were so many it changed from day to day from week to week in fact what's wrong with that week oh we already got that on a w a k yes the blueprint uncovered by the Sunday here for the creation of a global tax americana was drawn up for Dick Cheney now vice president Donald Rumsfeld defense secretary Paul Wolfowitz Rumsfeld's deputy George W. Bush's younger brother Jeb and Louis Limey Cheney's chief of staff the document entitled rebuilding America's defenses strategies forces and resources for a new century was written in September 2000 by the Neil conservative think tank project for the new work in century pinack and there it is again just keeps rearing it's ugly head you know the plan shows Bush's cabinet intended to take military control of a Gulf region whether or not said on who's in was in power it says the United States has for decades to play a more permanent role in the Gulf regional security of course you know what they got in the Gulf oil while on the umresol conflict of the rack provides the immediate justification to need for a substantial american force president ago transcends the issue of the regime of sottam Hussein the pinack documents supports a blueprint from a tending global US preeminence precluding the rise of a great power rival and shaping the international security order in line with american principles and interest the american grand strategy must be advanced for as far as into the future as possible reports is it also calls for the west of fight in decisively win multiple simultaneous major theater wars is a core mission i'm gonna continue the is after the break i am going to read a whole lot of these because they're all on our website to important just to stop right there you know important the read is interrupted not good i stopped there on a uh website by the way curlis he's got that the tim robins speech is already on there and the pinack article is up there too i's gone there's two pinack articles in here today two pinacks for the price of one find me some peanuts and crack the director remember that the director used to say that what we sure must carry carry on uh that's when baseball really went in the crap or once he died stand up straight come on problem it's oh that was yet there was a wrong movie stand up straight remember that godfather you're gonna talk about it come on go you have $2,000 more on a credit card if so listen very clearly i thought you were in the saw dedicated consumer let me try it again you have $2,000 more on a credit card if so listen I've dedicated consumer counseling will help you it'll cost you nothing dedicated is a nonprofit company that will contact the companies you owe money to and they can cut your payments in half call 1-800-4-0-debt that's 1-800-4-1-1-1-1-0-D-E-B-T dedicated will help your interest rate eliminate late fees and save your credit and it costs you nothing not a the bank pays dedicated you pay zipo so if you're tired of battling all that credit card debt called dedicated right now 1-800-1-4-1-1-0-0-0-debt that's D-E-B-T call on fide out on dedicated help you have you got nothing lose if you just had it with credit card debt high interest rates and late fees give dedicated consumer counseling a try let them handle it all for you call dedicated now 1-800-4-0-debt and please keep in mind this will cost you 0 call 1-800-4-0-debt for dedicated consumer counseling double you want to top of insane eat and so no one will back up hard to tell if one is foreign saying when it was the starting to attack us double you have to finish that high at life that is losing his patience order the troops to go give up their lives for the world big is cast a shot the fide sign at all costs white triathlete life that will be lost can't buy it there's more important things to do what the hell they're wrong with you  you after five quad tallest rival six yet for your court is it? I find in peace from another he's the oldest because he works for chahan strong great you in that technique some sport fort from all around the world of dr cute You're a functiony, we charge The fight sign at all costs, why try it? The fight that will be lost, can't fight it There's more important things to do What the hell is wrong with you Oh, you're welcome, double you once you win May you today, that the decision is reaching Double you just as it's ain't as you say You put somebody in the jail All right Oh my god Ten nineteen at five sixty wqam Anyway, go down to say the start of the Sunday hero About the P&A document The report describes American Armed Forces of Broad as the camera We're on the new American Frontier The P&A group reports an earlier document written by Wolfowitz and Libby That said, the US must discourage advanced Investing destinations from challenging our leadership Or even aspiring to a larger regional or global rural Rule The P&A group report also refers to key allies such as the UK is the most effective An efficient means of exercising American global leadership The scabs peacekeeping mission says demanding American political leadership Rather than that of the United Nations Reveals worries in the administration that Europe could rival the USA Says even should sought unpassed from the scene Vases in Saudi Arabia and Kuwait Will remain permanently despite the domestic opposition This fact has got a good point This fact has got a good point This fact has got a good point This is Neil by now I'm sure here were a fellow stance on the war Okay, anyway, I was letting the enemy start to talk Same back about Michael Moore Now if he had some more legitimate to say about him like maybe some dirt Some sort of research news or rhetoric But all he could come up with were insults to his weight He could have some people with the argument Resort to attacking their opponents Yeah, we noticed that on a show That was all I feel could say was that he was so bad Are you sure? Also said that he heard Michael Moore's blitz was going through it and for him Filters turned into real antelopes So we're proud to connect that to the police Yeah, that's the deal we're all supposed to go to the state But it's not as old as a very very a teeny tiny number A loss from a host to coach from Pilla Coat Post just a little fell out We said I'm no respect for people who sell out You know, it was that can't go with it Just he wasn't starving Yeah, listen he could just continually doing his or she didn't you know He's his only voices But he was not all of a sudden turning into a tell him to hunt you But hey, that's what's here channel one s baby. That's what's here channel one s baby. That's what's that We all have to be cruisetters for the one It Out of the pool come on the double you enjoyed your double your voice lands for one to full 50 Oh, it's wonderful 100 Workless 44 work from on griff 48 from what me wait 26 We're at least 17 wasted well white bread 11 Reginald 10 warped nine reckless any Back eight not that you can do a little bit better to be about one is out seven seven way But with with the sixth weasel it for wicked both one wag one and Where is the god? What you can say what regard of production because you did lose the election US Ron catches worse stands and screw any pressure like I'm doing some of those shows You're going to bed that's from storage, but you know what to bend it. I just did we just got a lot of good today And a lot of people out there won't have a time or a declaration of the website and a lot of people out there People about you think I'm gonna compete with all Compiled you'll be killed man But Would you speak in Oh I I didn't want to know what time is it? You should be rack main for machines right But Gwen I've got three things. Worm? Worm? Worm? And whores go? And whores the through one? Oh, for the oil company. I like that, that's it. Yeah, okay. Thank you, sir. Okay, thank you. Everybody likes the whore. Oh, yeah, get that on your whore, okay? Oh, you can't call a president of whore, why don't I? It's a lot nicer than most of the stuff that Bubba was called. Right. He was a county pickle liberal southern rednecky horny toad, whatever. Really something to watch the double standards. These people have, they just ripped him and asked him, pillar to post. All they could just non stop. But not the shoes on the other foot. We got this dumber when it is dangerous to see his middle initial ought to be d. Not W because d is like dumb and dangerous like I've been told you for like a long, long time. Dumb but dangerous dumb. Not just smart dumb, like Fredo, but like dumb dangerous. And there is a difference. Speak in a Fredo, by the way. That's one of those that's a drop in that I never play for example. Thank you, man. Thanks, that's smart. I like everybody. Like dumb. I'm smart. And I want to play. Okay, you can just see, no, can't you see, W is sitting around. There's pop a bush on a one side. There is, there is Martha Washington, aka Barbara bush on the other side. There's Jeb sitting across the room. There's Neil bush and his nasty divorce wife on the other side. And there is W saying, You can't handle things on the other side. I like everybody. Like dumb. I'm smart. And I want this. I know when you bring up. You go for my life. You go for my life. You ask Frogcant or I can do the break. Well, I'm getting carried away here. Don't let me forget. Don't forget. This is from the British newspaper The Guardian. US TV Network Wishlist. US Broadcast is Worst Dance Under scrutiny. And it's about time, maybe. It's a lie. It's over about time. I think just none of that. We ought to hear a little from the BBC right now. Just a. Harry rain around, especially on the west side of Canada. Initially, Venice. We push into that. Well, the BBC is doing that. Well, it was. You want to do it today. Hey, I'll tell you about a great place. You can get away from all the agree for the world and enjoy yourself. Just immerse yourself in a fantastic feast. And that's the Emerald Coast. Chinese buffet. There are a lot of other Chinese buffet's pop up on every street corner. Don't be fooled by them. Don't waste your time and money. Because Emerald Coast makes sure that everything is fresh and crunchy and delicious. They've had an unbeatable variety. Six different kinds of soups. Dozens of certain amount trays. They've got Oriental surf and turf on weekends. And every day they have near strip made order in their gourmet center. Resesling Asian grilled, featuring all kinds of great things like teriyaki steak and shrimp. Chicken seafood, hand carved, prime rib. And the Emerald Coast will never leave you with a headache because they don't use any crap. No MSG, no cornstarch. And they cook all of their fine cuisine only with cholesterol free oils. And buffet at the Emerald Coast features a full salad bar, a big one, a new sushi bar and fresh shrimp cocktail too. And more good news, Emerald Coast famous lobster fest is back featuring lobster thermators and lobster bisc as well. Bring yourself a big hearty appetite and just shovel some dessert in your post too because they got a great dessert bar, featuring pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream and all your favorite toppings fresh fruit. Be sure and check out the No Oriental chicken salad at the Emerald Coast too. Like I said, three locations in South Florida. They're in sunrise on Pinell at a 44th street. There are on Collins Avenue, just north of 163rd North Miami Beach and at the intersection of the Mingle and Pembroke roads in Pembroke Pines. They've set reservations, take on delivery available as well. So if you really want to pick out during the holidays or any time, you head for the Emerald Coast called 950-457-23822 for more information. 950-457-23822 for the World Famous Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. 9!! and pset the first mobile news conference. The most popular month of 2013 is proposal it's so long for a new menu, no profits. Next week, today, we'll find out more of wonder-thankless people from World Famous part of the first place we hatched in microwave socket. The first date we'll find the cardigan is in  use. I'll search for separatedied cleanedzoids. It's a mission to get rid of the car car or an 1980 car highway traffic and the monitor's made drive without consuming the car, and the vehicle and the car will make everything bigger and bigger. And wait. Oh the hard burn, you turned and go go Every time I see From the home home home Every heart in him which No, no, no, no, no, no My TV He's president of Republic and muscle And in our kingdom and in India I don't know why They won't want to die But no, he's here First world of it for you With president of the f**k Oh, what I get to know No, no, no, no, no, no, no And get to we know what it's called One, here you want this Don't go, no, no, no, no, no If it's rubbish, you'll be me Don't go, go, go, go And this drug gets rich here Don't go, don't go, easy then Don't worry, then me He's president of the f**k You don't care what it's called You got to me and buy her from drugs That handfuls of the prison My whole head Don't put the message for you, without a header We've got his right leader here With president' f**k Rely the h**k 1033 at 560 WCWM and we didn't meet him here Or it is War puts mordoc on top This is an even better story than I had here. It said, this is a very, this is by Andrew Gumball in the New Zealand, Harold. It's a very good time to be alive if your Rupert Murdoch. He's just realized his long-held ambition to break into the US satellite television market by the market leader, direct TV after three years of torturous negotiations with its own original motors. His cable news channel, Fox News, is commodity a rat war stronger than ever. Having overtaken CNN with its hot blood and rabble-rousing style and differential approach to the Bush administration's every move, it came out as the top-rated cable station news are non-news, and 36 of the top 40 timeslot from March 31 to April 6 perhaps more significantly and maybe transforming the way Americans get their news in times of crisis. Murdoch's long-running campaign to deregulate the media landscape could soon come to fruition in the US thanks to the FCC and its chairman, Michael Powell. As early as June Powell's second son of CUS Secretary of State Colin Powell intends to loosen or possibly dismantle entirely to a cornerstones of US media regulation, a ban on cross-ownership between newspapers and television in the same market and a ban on anyone entity controlling access to more than 35% of the national television audience. But I just tell you before. That's where it's going. Powell is keeping his exact intention secret which is upsetting powerful senators and prompting calls for a proper public debate before any decisions are made. It may be that Murdoch having relieved newscorps' coffers of $6.6 million for direct TV is not in the best financial position that they can meet the advantage of more relaxed ownership rules. But the US has become an extremely congenial place for Murdoch. His agenda seems to fit hand in glove without a demonstration and he seems to be on a role that others struggle are struggling to replicate. Anyway the other of column here by Annie Lawson and the Guardian. Group reverse fox network is among the US media giants accused of tearing its work coverage to create favor with Michael Powell. The George Bush appointed Chairman of America's media regulator who was facing mounting pressure to scrap media ownership rules. Foss together with network heavyweight CBS and NBC is pressing the US FCC to dump rules that provide a TV broadcast to affroning another network or radio TV station and newspaper in the same market. Under the existing one we already did that. The Center for Digital Democracy and On-Provid Agency in the US that promotes diversity and digital media believes news organizations in the US have a serious conflict of interest when it comes to reporting the policies of the Bush administration. Mr. Murdoch has been criticized for imposing his pro-war stance on all newscorporational media outlets. Like the New York Post by the way. His on-priorled support for President Bush has also raised eyebrows about his timing of his purchase of direct TV. It is likely that decisions about how to cover the war on Iraq especially on television may be tempered by concern not to alienate the White House at Jeffrey Chester the Center's executive director. These media giant stand-and-make untold billions of the FCC safeguard our eliminated or weakened. You following this? Yeah. You're wondering whether they're all do stepping in a line? Mr. Chester accused the US media of adopting a narrow-minded commercial mindset reflected by their failure to effectively analyze and criticize the Iraq War policy ahead of an impending ruling by the FCC on the media ownership regime. And I'll go as well. Just pass that along for your information. Just like that. And Congress, they're all sitting back there, you know what they're finger up each other's comb but. Wopass, I do like that one a lot of putting that on a roll. I'm like the way they spell it. I'm spellin' WHUP-ASS Wopass. That good one? Got it. George Wopass, Bush, baby. Let's whop some ass. And there's some other ones on here, can we? Wako, do we have Wako? No, no, no. I said it earlier. Yeah, I think. Well, I had Senator. Are you pardon? You guys did have it. I wrote on the list and I said it to Eric. Maybe he didn't know. We had a Wako? All right, put it on Eric. Wako, don't be less of these guys. Just put it on there. Okay, follow orders. Dr. Goodwill be near soldier. Wako. Weener, did we put weener on there? Not yet. I like weener. That's what I heard. Wofel, Wofel's good. These are all good on this list. This is pretty good list to ever sent us in. We'll fill in and we can be gone. So what do we got now? Well, I'll take a look at it. Five, six, seven, oh, but we got a heavy plate today, baby. A heavy plate. God, lots and lots of stuff. And I realize I'm changing the world here, right? No, I'm doing the best I can. And little tiny Miami with all those mosquitoes, the size of bowling balls. Although at least we don't got no, do they have it? What? The, whatever that diseases I was talking about before not SARS, what's the other thing? No virus. Well, let's not a virus. Do not much of that there, right? I haven't heard. A few dead cats, but hey. I'll probably tighten our relations with the Chinese. WQAM. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes. I just got back in a couple. Conpower Sun is ahead of the SEC. Yeah, Michael Powell, right? Chairman of the SEC. And what was the job before that got his job? I'm a year-per-din? Why was his job before his father got that job? McDonald's. Climb through. Drive through. Good luck, you pal. Yeah. This guy's a little bit slow to catch up. He's a fine's very amusing. Yeah. Michael Powell is the son of Secretary of State Colin Powell. He is the Chairman of the SEC. He is one of a handful of powerful people in this company to solve whether we can say crap or not on the year. And let me see it again. I'm better whisperer because, you can't say it no more. Don't say that in half. Stop it. Throw on you people. Yeah. There you go. We said crap three times, Michael. Michael, Michael, motorcycle. So that's why I pretty much you got America speaking with one voice. That's why you got some justified people. I don't want to mention no name. Are you sure? Yeah. Who are like goose stepping in line? Feverously, hysterically, fading over backward doing like summer salts, turning into a human pretzel. They're generating so hard to try to like goose step in a line. And especially if they have anything to do with cheap channel I mean, I, you know, something as much as beastly we all know about visely and about Greg and about this screw-up company which it is. And the fact they don't like to pay anybody on time, but but can't say too many good things about them, but you know what the best thing about them is? What? They're not clear channel. Well. So I want to kiss the counter here and I don't want to say nothing good about Norma Kim because then he'll be calling me. And don't call me up here in Norma. You really bug me man. You drive me nuts. You're depressing. You're a permanent downer. Fah, fah, fah, fah, fah, just get out of here. If I want to hear bop-a-bap-a-gang, I have room or call. At least you know is hockey. But at least I kissed the ground that I'd decided to sign this deal as opposed to that the packs and thing which would have been sold over to cheap channel. Oh. Back in the arms of Pete Boulder, we're getting an aircraft of our business on lunatics over there. David Ross. I wonder if he's can't eat any of the antirross. That's a good point. Rosanna Dana, you know. Surprise me. I'm sure he had related to Walter Ross. Or Red Ross. 24, 11 at 560 WQM. If you're tired of flipping hamburgers and McDonald's, if you're in a really dead end job and you're sick and tired of working for peanuts. If you have nothing but the shells left at the end of the week, here's the answer for you. Get you a new high-paying computer job. Get trained for it by calling our good friends at fast train. This isn't the best. This is the real thing. Call 1-866 fast train. Fast train offers you convenient day, evening and weekend classes and in just four short months, they can have you trained and ready to go in a computer career where you can make a big fat paycheck each and every payday. By the way, payday the 25th clearance. Check fast train out of the web at fastrain.com. But better yet, give them a call because fast trains all over town is about to be one near by you. There in my emique Kindle Pember Pines for a lot of the day. Register at fast train.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker and wave that baby proudly in the breeze until they see you doing it. Pick up that phone and call fast train. Say goodbye to your boss and your crappy dead end job and start having a real life and a real fat income call 1-866 fast train. Live at local this is 5-6-1. The radio is on your top. You win. You got out of the UK. Where the bag is. You're. Oh my god. Every guy can change the news. We never yellow my head. They got to play. They got to play tonight. But if you name it by. Which we need. And we have no problem with you. Like a yellow light. We have a yellow light. Can't explain. What these white people win. With the dead of the tent. Hey, hey, don't run away. One can jump down to the lake. Have a yellow light tonight. Something they catch a fire. We have a yellow light. Of the light every time they pay. They're you are going on. We have a yellow light. Of the light every time they pay. You do understand the reason that we have this whole morning light system in the first places. Because it's a perpetual way to keep us involved in and psychologically glued to the concept of war. We're a perpetual war. I thought it was just stuff in nonsense. No. It's it's part of the a sci-op steel here. Psychological. A control of the American public. Like that word. Yeah, sci-op. Science and Cyclops. Said we could one I'd most remain. We can't go to the public. But anyway, that's what it's all about. Because we have to be concerned about that. So in the back of our mind, some people in the front of their mind, maybe in the middle of what used to be their mind. Like me. I mean, it's always we're always conscious of this. Well, we're in a perpetual state of war. Just like James Wolsey says, we're in WWE 4 and it's going to go on for the foreseeable future. So all of us are dead. So therefore, whatever they do, this this prepares us for whatever the hell they're going to do it excuses us. So we look the other way. And naturally, of course, manipulate those poor results and manipulate. Oh, and I want to tell you something that might want to rip a real ass. I want to tell you right now, you know, Lou Dobbs on CNN who used to be on CNBC, you know, Lou Dobbs. He's an asshole. I want to tell you right now, I was so pissed off last night. I emailed them, which is only the second time my life ever done it, emailing CNN. And I'm not that it makes any difference because they're not going to respond. They never do. But I just had to get off my chest. He had Bill Schneiderrunner to got the poster from CNN who's a good guy. He gives it to hear the numbers. You know, about pop abusions, a support after a Gulf War one was 98. 86% and this one at 73% and it's not as high and any shows the breakdown upon Republicans and Democrats. And our Democrats top abusions had like 80% and this bush has only got 60%. And Bill Schneider goes on to talk about these facted this bush is much more divisive and much more a right wing politically. And Yadiyadiyadiyadiyan since they once had you got on the berth first day has been that way. And as a result, the most Democrats have got a tremendous disdain for him. The Lou Dobbs mean while continues trying to reinterpret the results and trying to get Bill Schneider to say something different. And he's saying, well, but you do realize that 60% of Democrats, especially at a time when I mean Bill Clinton was elected by only 43% and we had Ross Peroback then a 60% is still a very impressive number. And Bill Schneider says yes, but the number isn't going to last very long is that it will be my prediction because of the fact that now that we're back to the nuts and bolts, the economy and all these other issues, the domestic issues, that's going to come to the forefront just like with pop of it and Lou Dobbs just relentless. Well, but you know, I'm one of those people looks at the glasses half full rather than half empty. And I'm thinking to myself, don't you understand what you're saying? Yeah, he does. Don't you understand what you're saying? You're saying that if his approval ratings are higher somehow that you like that better and it's good for America. I mean, how blatant can you be? Why did you just put a guy then bush buffer a sticker on your forehead? Lou, you idiot? Got all mighty. He's an asshole. Who of course is part of that whole charade again of the, you know, the gambling network business? A dollar a dollar a dollar, you know, buy some stock rhymes with Schluck. Oh, brother. I just, I was fooling at the mouth. I was just so rabid. He's he's done that before, but this was way over the top. And I'll give Bill Schneider credit to his credit. He's just kept repeating the same thing. He said, well, you know, he said you can call whatever you want, but he says I believe very strongly that these numbers will come down significantly with the passage of time. And Lou did not want to hear that. His eyes, they're rolling around like a pinball machine. Somebody wants to know if we had the article about the Peenack on our website, yes, we do. Thank you for your facts. And also we have another article on the project, which is even better, but much too long. Way too long for me to read on here, but I will read a couple of paragraphs. So it's going to be a taste from information clearinghouse. The project for the New American Century says information clearinghouse by the way, and the other logo is news you won't find on CNN. And they are. Especially when an asshole Lou Dobbs is in, who's almost as bad as Wolf Blitzkrieg. I said, and in fact, in my email to CNN, I said, only Wolf Blitzkrieg, and I spelled it though. Only Wolf Blitzkrieg, it seems Lou Dobbs in his enthusiasm to suck up to the bushmongers, the bush, whatever I call it. The project for the New American Century, this is an article by William Rivers Pit, that was written February 25th of this year. It is, no. New York Times bestselling author of two books, War on Iraq, and the greatest submission is silence. Okay? He's a high school teacher in Boston, Mass. He says, the people versus the powerful is the oldest story in human history. No pun in history of the powerful wielded so much control. And no pun in history is the active and informed involvement of the people all of them did more absolutely required. And he is, the project for the New American Century, or Peanack, is a Washington based think tank rated 1997. Above all else, Peanack desires and demands one thing. The establishment of a global American empire to bend the will of all nations. They chafet the idea that the United States, the last remaining superpower, does not do more by way of economic and military force to bring the rest of the world under the umbrella of a new socio-economic tax-americana. Remember what I called it before we're going to export democracy then what they wanted or not right? The fundamental essence of Peanacks ideology can be found in a white paper produced in September of 2000, entitled to be building America's defenses strategy forces and resources for new century, which is what it talks about in that other article. In it, Peanack outlines what is required of America to create the global empire they envision. According to Peanack, America must reposition permanently based forces to Southern Europe, Southeast Asia and the Middle East. Modernize US forces, including enhancing our fighter aircraft submarine and surface fleet capabilities, developing to play a global missile defense system and develop a strategic dominance of space, Star Wars, there's a trillion dollars again, controlling international commons of cyberspace and increased defense spending to a minimum of 3.8% of growth domestic product up from a 3% currently spent. And it goes on for pages on it like you can read it on a website the project for New American century by William Rivers kit, a relation to Mickey Rivers or Brad Pitt. Here's another good one for our pull, Raffle with the W. Raffle as in Ratham but with the W. That's our pull today on neorodges.com. We don't take too many pulls on his show, but. Okay, can we don't hear from him anymore? Well, I haven't taken a lot of calls today. And you know what to bet? The W. and George W. Bush stands for wonderful 62. Ah, it's a mahaia man's like smelling your own gas into your shower. Hmm. You know, you never really want to come out. You just want to stand there. You're crazy. Wonderful 62 worthless 53. Warmonger 43. What me worry 41 again we apologize to Alfredi and the people that mad magazine. They deserve better. Worst 20. Reckless 14. Wasted 13. Weasel 13. Wank 12 wank. Whitebread 12 warped 11. We don't have warped under twice doing. I confused my wasted with warped wireless 11. Wretched 10. Wank 126. Winner 5. Well, there's the other part of winner 5. Winner 1 or winner. I wonder which just it wouldn't that the 5 just has on the Supreme Court that. Yeah, the side of the election that must be the 5 of the voted winner. 4, 4, 4, 4. Now what Lincoln said right there. Katie's bird. Uh, wicked 4. I guess we're just changing it. Wopass already got 3. I like Wopass. Warm 1, Winner 1 and Wofel 9 yet. But I guarantee your Wofel will move in there. Give me some stiff competition. Let's see. What we got on the agenda today. We got the mad dog at 1. But a short show for the mad dog today. Oh, right. Till 230 because we got the Marlins game. Maybe the Marlins. Did they play anybody be said to call these in the braves ever? Oh, I don't think so. That's about it. Marlins on Dreck had 230 followed by the Marlins at the fill least 305. I guess the final game in that series is about time. Herkhoon Hotline at 630 the big. Oh, Orlando else here. We'll have a jingle for him. Remember the C.K.L.W. The big 8. Yeah. We got to have one of those big. No, not that. Oh, that was just a Freudian slip Orlando. Orlando. Orlando else. Gary at 730 after her Koon Hotline. Any K tend to too with a gambling talk, GA and Joe Markovernite. And then of course in the morning it's our close personal pizons. Baby the squeaky one guilty. And his good post personal buddy. His mentor. Hey, go up those check it pants. A mole myster. Fred some of those calls on the most show this morning. He's right. He don't get any crank calls. Oh, in fact we we urge you to call on how we're doing. Okay. Because he when I'm there I never see any calls on his board. So what if a good calls or crank calls or whatever day are we urge you to call him to communicate so he'll feel loved and wanted. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. Who you call? He'll. Roger. This is me. This is old Neil. Oh sorry. Pick it up. Don't be sorry. I'm just doing screenless lately because we feel like it is more so. I'm sorry. I couldn't forgive all of the cell phone. Let's see control TV. Of course. Not cable. Not cable only over the year TV. Well, how come they're letting them get away with a bullshmit on on TV, but not on the radio. On where? Channel 10 in white PD Blue. They're doing that in white PD Blue. Yes sir. And we're going to check on it. We're going to check on it right away. That is a polishman. It has been doing it this the whole season. I mean they started with an off air character that said it's not yet heard it. But I said I had to be wrong. But then and that's a network show. Yes. Yes. That's not a cable. I mean that's been doing it with the shield and now it's lucky. But that's channel fan. You're right. Well, at the very least I'm going to start saying she, I anyway. Okay. She, I. Okay. The file is a no. Thanks for a good news. See there you go double standard and why PD Blue on CBS. I see it here from the CBS guy. I because this guy just out of them. They're saying volgement on here. See in the news shows. Although they don't do that very much in the US. They even bleep that out. Here on the CBS. See them. Is they could have left the statue and they couldn't have left. I don't be talking about this. And on the BBC. Forget about it. I mean it's in here all the time. They just leave all the words in. But only for just a few minutes. I guess they don't say it for too long. There's in somebody might hear it. And it must double stance all over the place. You know, this I've said it for years. Nobody ever wanted to agree with me. They think I'm too radical. The idea of the FCC as the word police. It was never invented for that. The FCC was created by the federal government to regulate the technical aspect of broad castations. So everyone would have a chance. So everybody would have an opportunity for the signal to be heard. And it's a lot of different situations to like where it is. Nobody would in would jam their signal. Nobody would like put too much power on here. If you got a you know, license for a 5,000 lot station. He wouldn't crank up 50,000 watts. All would be nice. But you know, that's that's what it was for. And nothing to do with content. Right. The FCC has got no business. But in the 50s and in the 60s. As well as like Jesse Humbs is about the right wing lunatics. They decided to like sick the FCC on broadcasters. So that we can have. And then of course it all blew up in 72 or three would a George Carlin WBA. I think. Yep. With a 70 rewards. And then the FCC decided they were going to be the word police. And don't you dare whatever you do. Don't you dare say any words that we decide arbitrarily. Our bad words like mother and all those other ones too. Like you and those. That's another reason to watch passions today and watch the abuse boards, man. Worth a price of your mission. 10 57 at 560 WQM where we swear a lot. We're going to be here early on. We're supposed to be in 560. Oh, you a M. Who might mention my name to rise, Master Curry. George. What what what what what. I would have another list that we had long list. There were a couple of good ones on air. World beater and wrong doors. Since we can't make it evil. The list is said don't start with a W. That's per world beater and wrong door. And whitey. And what what? Can you get a what what? No. I doubt it. 5670560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Don't forget go to our website near rungies.com. There's about what. How many of you have bedtime stories on your day? About 30 man. WQM. Hello. Yes sir. You'd like to speak to Neil? Speaking. Oh, Neil. How about the W standing for where my heart? I like that a lot. You have because he's a Nazi rat bastard. Right. Okay. Okay. See you. W-E-R-M-A-C-H-T. Vermaust. I like it a lot. You feel like it. Whether you want to or not. We have this. Hey, you got it? Vermaust? Vermaust. Just in time for Paisach baby. Vermaust. George Vermaust. Bush. The goose tip is you hear them boots marching up and down. All over town. And a alienarossa was added in. The ship was even important stuff. The tech and report cases. And here in Beijing have found some decisions that mean that some cases are... Don't you think we're out in the lead Hong Kong? Like, you know, of course we have to know. There are troops that have to wear those heavy duty protective outfits. The lead patient. Cruise missiles, thank you. Yeah. You were that the SARS outfit over there in Hong Kong. Lunatics. WQM. Yes sir. How you doing sir? I'm doing excellent. Good. Good to hear that. Listen, I bought the W. I don't know if anybody's called this in before our weapons of mass destruction. Who are you? Yeah. Also, I wanted to comment on the... The color color of the alert system. Yes sir. I reminds me a little bit of something I learned in my classes over at FIU about Pavlov in the condition response. Absolutely. Every time you put the orange on your head you got to put your lip and shut up because of her. And like you say, you step in line. But, actually, I don't know who the hell we're going to get up in there. But, somebody else and I know more than four. If I were to say, you know how to do that. Thanks. No more than four. And we need to get most name in on that bumper stare. No more than four. Or maybe no more in O4. Okay. Because that would kill two birds who are on stone. So to speak. No more for fo. Weapons of mass destruction. George weapons of mass destruction boge. It's a little bit long but we'll have to find a way to do that. Or because how can you... how can you not have that? Right. Huh? That is perfect. I'm as pleased as punch about that one. George weapons of mass destruction boge. And we found it yet? No. But that's because they moved them all over to Syria. Let's go get them. The bastards. Well, they did have some diseases and test tubes and what? And then by the time we get to Syria they'll have moved them all to Egypt. Look out man. Yeah. Hot potato. Right. And then by the time we get to Egypt they'll have moved them all to Saudi Arabia. Now we're getting a little bit warmer. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. WPQ, I am. How you doing? Okay. You know, I don't know why you say that moody doesn't have any calls. Shelby calls. To make them call calls. Yeah. Why in little Havana calls. Stuttering Steve. Stuttering Steve. Right. You know, you should be a shabby yourself. He's got plenty of calls. And then you know, must have got diaries. And look. And Lou. You know, that's two months ago. Last time you like fell out of bed last month. You know, this morning it's, you know, it's amazing. Some guy calls him up at 10 after 7. And it just starts wailing into him about how he's always criticizing David Jackson. I heard it. That was amazing. That was amazing. And at the very end he closes it off with the classic. And the only thing that I went out of the day was the day was the day. I was great. And I was great. And you, too. And see, unfortunately, there's a post to chuckling a little bit. It's always the indignant. And just like when I was down at that one day when he was putting out at Fony Act and Pretending he was talking to me or whatever he was doing. And I'm out there and they hallway with guilty and he comes up. And then I said, I forget what we're talking about. And I said, yeah, even though there's even food here for guilty and he gave me that look like again, never lighten up. Always pretend to take it super seriously. Always act like you offended and the just be a heart. And the just be a heart as man, more heart as Howard. We got him like kek Waltz. Exactly. That's right. At least Jack Waltz. Just to show he wasn't a heart hardly a guy. Right. I don't think Mo was gonna do that. I'm sure that. God, almighty. 560560, palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I don't get how many day go get any walk, grease ball, come by, come out on the one one. What am I going to do? Make you drink and you start a stupid thing. That's a good point. Good segue there. WQAM. QAM. Speaking sir. How about wezo? Uh, do we already have wezo? We have. We got a wezo and tank it out on most headlifts. It's got 17 votes. It's doing well. Thank you sir. Good. Yeah, wezo's doing well. It's resting. Right on top of Mo's dome on the chrome dome. Wonderful. 66 worthless 61 a warm on your 48. What may worry 46. Boy, no 7. Dulse and real good lately. It's just like worst 22. Must be that good Canadian air. Maybe it's that's sorry. Worst 22. Widless 18. Wezo 17, which he just said. Uh, reckless 16. And I realize, you know, no correctness on the spelling. And we put a W in front of it. W wasted and rewank 14 14 wanks. Would that movie? No. War 12, white bread 12, wretched 10. Waco 8. Wicked 7. Hor 7. Now you can't call the president of Horkayman. Okay, like I said, Hor 7. Winner 6, whip ass 5. Warful and weener 2. Warm 1. And wrathful and whiny. And what? And what? World leader and wrongdoer and weapons. Best 13 just went on her. 402 votes. Not too shabby. This is a little hobby today. Just keep your office streets. Especially during pace off. So what do you guys eat in for pace off today? Anything special in your own bread? Jeff ring any of that massive pizza? I sure wish. How about that. Musta, please. That's you. Seriously, how come you bring in that stuff? You could talk her on it. What's wrong with that, man? What's wrong with you, pony tail? Hey, girls. I'm going to be a couple of times. Hey, call them up and get you some of that massive pizza and muscle as on you for pace off. You're going to make it the one time of year. It's good stuff. You know that. I do. And I'll sit here and listen. You guys eat. Because I got a weigh in. I'm, again, one more warning for the beast. If you don't even waste your time coming into Marff, you're going to be, if you're not doing anything. If you're not like doing it, just get lost. My patience room. I saw him just before I left. There's matter of fact several days ago. You know what you look like? I give up. A tub. The war according to Fox. Here's another in a series. This is from TomPain.com. Sharon Vasco produced this piece and Michael Ryan a former correspondent editor for Time and Publications. Who's covered conflicts in her island, Granada, Grenada, Panama, so the Southeast Asia as well as the first Gulf War. Gallatin, Gateway, Montana. Do you know where that is? Nope. Need to do it. It's in Montana. It ain't, maybe it's near Shelby. Roads. This is how learned a lot about journalism while I was traveling in Montana this month. In the Boseman Daily Chronicle, one morning I went and up at Peace by columnist Tamara Hall who Gushed over a Navy sea-lux-assized to secure an Iraqi port. I watched the remarkable maneuver on folding on Fox News, she wrote, I was overwhelmed by the heroism of our Consultors and the efficiency of the American military. Fair enough. Then she complained that NBC did not cover this particular story. Instead, the reporter complained that President Bush wasn't watching the war on television, she wrote, his arrogance motivated me to push the remote button. CBS didn't cover the story Hall went on. Instead, Dan Radder blathered the overwhelming majority of American people have now swung around behind the American soldiers. Radder was well aware that support from military action had remained above 70 percent for months before the start of Operation Iraqi Freedom. His dishonesty motivated me to push the remote button. ABC and CNN fear equally poorly in her judgment. The mainstream pressies every opportunity to portray military victories in a negative way she wrote, they speculate and manipulate and he reculate. This was only the most coherent and unspoken expression of a sentiment I heard in my travels. The pervasiveness of Fox News and he's got news in quotes as a definer of popular opinion has never been more apparent than during this war. According to a TV guide, Paul Fox News shepherds Smith tied to leave beats of the cable anchors including CNN's air and brown in popularity. Young, ribbon, good looking, Smith seemed to have become the voice of the Bush war for most of America and Fox News view of the world has been adopted by much of the nation. It comes as no surprise that there are conservatives in the big-sky country of Montana, although the copper miners unionized you more than a century ago and people still remember Joe Hill. But the fact that in some places I stayed wild driving through the state I couldn't find CNN and in a few places couldn't even find all the broadcast networks was a surprise. Yet Fox News was always there. In the opening day of this war coined the LA Times and average of 4.4 million Americans got their news from Fox 3.7 million in get information from CNN just 1.9 million in from MSNBC. In his book Harvard and the Unibom were the Montana author and former philosopher Professor Alston Chase documents how a series of myths and misrepresentations about the trouble life of Ted Kazinsky worked their way from one reported to another until after numerous news broadcasts and newspapers stories fiction started to be accepted as fact. National Networks quoted national papers quoting national magazines until the legend became more interesting than the news in this war Fox News has created the legend will be tied networks that try to report the news. Along the Idaho border I fell into a conversation with two men who were expressing the kind of attitude the polls tell us most Americans feel they were intelligence successful local businessmen mature people who didn't seem like warmongers, but when the subject of the war came up they spoke with an unmovable conviction. We've got to get that guy one of them said he's a bad guy. We've got to wipe him out said the other. These were not rednix, but responsible people community leaders the sort of citizens whose sponsor how a cleanups and fundraisers for local hospital. They had no question about the correctness of the war. As we talked in a quite serviceable stake in burger place I couldn't help but notice what was on the TV at the end of the room. Fox News. The same Fox News that was playing in the lobby of the hotel I stayed in in Bill grade Montana the same Fox News that was playing in the lounge of the hotel I stayed in south of Boseman. The Fox News philosophy had permeated not just the media but the culture my heart sank when a young woman a member of a feminist art collective commented I think we need to do this when we spoke about the war. Fox News has become the engine that drives the legend heroism on questioning patriotism and valor and during do are the order of the day ask whether the war is justified if progress is stalled if civilians are dying and you are if Miss Hollis to believe arrogant and manipulative. In middle America George Bush may be running the war, but Fox News is writing the script says Michael Ryan Lathontley and that kind. That's a good line George Bush may be running the war, but Fox News is writing the script. 1113 at 560 WQA and if you ever thought about getting you a wireless phone like most smart people do, I'll show you how. Because you know how valuable it is to keep in touch with your business associates during the day as well as being connected with your family at all times. Don't postpone it another minute get it done today just call wireless city a team of a authorized dealer called now tool free at one triple eight two to one eighty eighty and wireless city will deliver today to your home or business a brand new wireless phone ready for you to be using. Wireless city a team of a authorized dealer can offer you service plans perfect for you like their new 39 99 plan with 600 whenever minutes and unlimited weekends. Call wireless city now one eight eight two to one eighty eighty call today and get you the new small size Nokia 3390 with vibrating call alert and hands free just call one eight eight eight two to one eighty eighty service agreement required. See printed materials a authorized representative at wireless city for limited and completed tales wireless city is your team of a authorized dealer call him today one triple eight two to one. I do you know I'm strong because I was all wrong thing one eight one triple eight two to one eighty eighty. I know this is for you guys. You way. Come and listen to my story about a man named. The Harvard graduate here in Voices in his head and then one day he was feeling kind of weird. He moved to Montana and flew himself a beard. Crazy that is cycle path strange. Well the first thing you know to begin to prove. Can folks said jazz has to you to bomber do. Said California's where the trials on a piece. So they're loaded up the shack in. We can't believe. Exhibit a jury board. Where's. His lawyer says that says the craziest. If you don't believe in just read his manifest. Well now it's time to sing about it. And his defense, he would like to thank you folks for paying the expense. You're all invited back again to disco Calle T, to buy the first edition of his autobiography. Soon to be a movie, HBO. Jerry Springer. Okay, no step on me again. 11-18, get out of here. At 5-6-2-Q, here's a couple of fanczes, including one with the venom. Look at the handwriting on here. Yeah, it's like about 110. Cronic. Is it? Yeah. Well, we'll get to it. Here's what it says if your listeners to your station are sport holes, why it's supporters of our pressurary for your device, bush holes. Or just assholes. Mike Oxland thinks Bush is a wussy. I don't know about that. We, we'd Mike work on it. I got another one I want to put on there. Okay. Want to be dictator. All right. I'm not pan, huh? What do you mean want to be? He ain't yet. He's working on it. He hasn't completed it yet. We're still planning on other election next year. We haven't called it off. Yeah, you think. Have and I said that haven't I predicted that? And if we work to these people, there would not be another election next year. That's what I've said. Uh-huh. Wonder boy as then you always wonder what he's going to do next. That's cute, but I don't think so. Cute. Now let's get to this facts. And let's learn what it's all about. And we'll preface it by saying, come on, baby. Come play with these titties. What you'll understand at the end. You sound desperate when you use Tim Robbins to justify your anti-gulf war to ideology. I sound desperate. I don't think I'm desperate at all. I think I'm in pretty good company. In his pathetic rant Robbins accuses a Southern talk show host of encouraging his listeners to murder war protesters. We both know what this is low to crap. Well, I still have the original story over here. And I did read the entire thing as opposed to some people. And as a thought-see, where is it? Do you hear it? I've teach you in another nephew school as far as to wearing a t-shirt with a peace sign on it. And a friend of the family tells the listening to the radio down south as the talk radio host calls for the murder of a prominent anti-war activist. I don't doubt that for one moment, knowing the venom in these psychosis that comes from right-wing talk radio, which is most a talk radio, don't doubt it for a second. So even the sumits below the crap I'm not buying it. I have a feeling that whoever wrote this squarely appringing on here, he's probably the one that's got a real crap-trip problem. It's just like most Hollywood actors left or right, Robbins is an emotional basketball case and can't stand to be held accountable for his feature behavior boo-hoo. Well, what does that mean? I have no idea. I can't stand to be held accountable. It sounds to me like he's standing here for what he believes in and just repeating the same thing again. Your anti-war position is as extreme as a rally's pro-war position, neither is that interesting to hear day after day after day. And add breast and you and your parrot George could be mistaken for Randy Rhodes. Come on, baby. Come play with these titties. And it's interesting. They've spelled roads two different ways. Neither one of them even close to me. Right? Ha ha ha. So add some breast. Come on, baby. Come play with these titties. I'm playing with one right now as a matter of fact, the squeezy ones. Nobody would call me Randy yet. Somebody did say I lived in. Ha ha ha. That's just closest I got. Somebody said I was pretty Randy. Hmm. Don't forget to booze horns on passions this afternoon to a clock on NBC 6. It's a must see show today, the all-time best passion episode. Even if you don't like the show, if you haven't watched it before, you must see it. Even if only to see Julian Crain was Ozzy Osborne best. And the scene starts out where he's trying to put a, he's trying to put a garbage bag in a wastepast of mines and winds of stuck head first in a wastepast. It's a beautiful thing. WQAM. New. New. Yes, sir. Does it sound like me? How about we taught it? Ha ha ha. I like that. That's the winner. And what fun likes it too. Thank you. Hey, it's late. I'll be coming off. Well, no, I mean, you got to be quick with me. You know, man, I got a quick finger. Are you like we targeted? Yeah, let's go. I'd like you cut him off by the way. Why? I think he was going to say, what did I ever do to you? I think that was a. No, Carlos, now you know the guy. First of all, he always calls online nine. And secondly, that guy's got like a deeper more, he's almost like the whispering guy. The guy would have, then this guy was neck guy. This was a good guy. No one like so many people in our fine audience hate you like poison. No wonder the week that you run vacation, they were like dancing in each other's pants. They were like squeezing it all week long. You've got to like lighten up a little bit. You're always assuming the worst, okay? Well, just keep in mind my philosophy, okay? Prepare for the best and expect the worst. I mean, I hear how I'm spelling it. W EE-TAR-DED. We targeted. That was excellent. I love it. Oh, I wish we'd had that earlier. I'd have hoated for it. We targeted. Stuff to make me want to play some number of fudbits. I didn't want to have it. 560-50, 560, pound-560 on a yell. And by the way, this big deal about Abu Abbas and he's supposed to be the link to terrorism. Well, the BBC says, uh, no, it's not a serious everybody else. Seen several stories about this. Abu Abbas is a throwback to an earlier generation of Palestinian fighters who carried out spectacular attacks of hijacking around the world of drug tensioned their cause. His capture is being used by the West's evidence that Iraq was harboring international terrorist. His fate presumably prolonged imprisonment despite Palestinian demands that he'd be said free. We'll be an example to others in the current climate post 9-11. Also the Italians want him. They want to make him an referee can't refuse for the killing laurel. Turning our blind eye to anyone who has a record like his and his group did murder an elderly disabled man is not an option for US administration, but he's not quite the big catchy Americans are seeking. His arrest is a piece of unfinished business and not a break to an war on terror declared by President Bush. He's not the link between Iraq and Al Qaeda which Washington has been seeking to establish he comes from a different era. Abu Abbas ended up in Baghdad because there was nowhere else for this aging militant or terrorist leader to go. He and his kind of an partly overtaken by the New Zellots from Al Qaeda Hamas and Islamic Jihad who are motivated by religion as well as nationalism. Even Israel allowed him in and out of Gaza a few years ago as it accepted that he'd given a violence and was supporting the Oslo peace process. Israel couldn't prosecute him under the terms of the Oslo Accords anyway. Oh wait, I don't, I won't confuse us. See that's another thing about these fascists we have in there. No matter what treaty it is that we've signed or entered the whole rest of the world as we don't do treaties. We don't do treaties. Another Palestinian Abu Nidal, the most famous in his day for Acts of extremist violence in the manner we checked in any settlement with Israel, also ended up in Baghdad. He was found shot dead there last year. The weather by his own hand as the Iraqi suggested or fans of the Iraqis themselves for some reason was never clear. Abu Abbas was from a time when the West Bank and Gaza were wholly under Israeli control and Palestinians could not carry out the tax inside Israel very easily. Instead they resorted to action internationally across the Israeli borders. The Palestinian liberation front which of Oslo was a little known fact even at the time, but it was quite often daring and once he was hanged gliders to get into Israel from Lebanon. In its most notorious action, the hijacking of the line of a killie lure on the Mediterranean 85 is now mainly rumored for the murder of Leon Klinghau for an overly disabled New York Jew who was shot in his wheelchair and thrown overboard. Oh, Abu Abbas made an apology of source later saying the shooting had been a mistake. Give me President Bush to make an apology to little Ali. You think? I'll hold my breath. Anyway, the murder did great damage to the Palestinian cause internationally was one of the events which eventually grew with the Palestinians to change their tactics and open talks with Israel about a two-state solution. What will become of him is not immediately clear, he'll presumably be sent for justice to Italy. I can't, I just can't restrain myself, okay. Justice, we must go to the current opening. Well, I must be a, who's in Italy, hangin' out, where he was sentenced to five lifetimes in absentia. The attack ends at let him go when he was fighter planes forced down an Egyptian aircraft in which he was traveling after the hijack ended. They were forced to make a man's after widespread protest, so even a let him go. The days of those kinds of quiet releases by government-sikking aboard holding on the inconvenient prisoners are over. Says this article by Paul Reynolds, BBC News Online, how do you like that? Well, I'm a small potato, as nothing to do with Al Qaeda, as nothing to do with international terrorism today, but you believe whatever you want to believe, okay? And you want to know why? Cause they reported it breathlessly on Fox. As whole, hey asshole. At 5.60 WQAM, we just can't seem to get the morning show right, so once again, we softly advise about our crackhead chicken often salted, and we apologize for that too. And now, 5.60 WQAM proudly presents the Morgan David show. One and more? That's a good question. I know who I am. Morgan David? Yeah, that's good, you say. I forgot who I was. If what you name again, tell you. No, tell me. But you can call me, tell me. I'm in this dish. Fox. Look. What a baker. Two-shopies. Stop. Take it back. I want fish Nova. That's all. That's all. Get that out of here. And while you're out, get me coffee. I got a punch card full here for school, can't I get a free cup. Devil, wait a minute. I'll eat the both of the talk about sports. Oh yeah. I'll have a tell you about the time I had lunch with Joe Peppotone. No. How about that? How he can shuffle board team. They don't have that no more. I'm a big friend. Since they got rid of the rocket board, she's on Carlin's Avenue. Oh, it's a good thing I bought the normal Jean rules. Oh, oh. I'll see the card. Yes. Bracken, man. Cracken, man. I got you. Crack, right here. Bam. What was that? I flip my wig. Pew. It smells bad in here like totes. That's a very nice remote from the festival flea market. Sounds good to me. Yeah, they got a lot of nice matches there. Oh, okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Hey, let's go. Can you smell the vacation? Oh. Happy a pays off y'all. And it's 11.30 at five. 16 also to Lynn. Lynn, even though she's in Vegas, still can't get off the email thing. And she just does a subsets with a show. She says, she likes to call W. President death. Also says, having a great time leaving this afternoon didn't want anybody but eight like a pig. That's the way to do it sweetheart. When it not work it off, this is a grotesque story about the empire. I'm sure you saw this being the worst fan that you wanted. This is sick. Yeah, again in Chicago, no less. A fan came out of the stands during two minutes, getting between the Ross and a white socks. And a tack for space on par last Diaz. Security and players came to Diaz's aid and the fan was quickly taken away. Immediately after Carlos Lee flat out to write to Andy eighth inning. The fan ran out of the field and tried to tackle Diaz. Rapping his arms around the empire's legs. Kind of like precious was doing to Luis on passions. It was the first appearance by the Ross and Chicago since Coach Tom Gambo was pummeled by a father and son who came out of the stands last September. Now certainly you remember that story. I do. I remember this one. Those two Yahoo Rednecks. Oh, daddy and his young clone. Three times earlier Tuesday, night the game was delayed when fans ran on the field before being tackled by security guards. U.S. Senator Field, formerly called Kamiski Park will host the All-Star Game July 15. That's on promising. Before the game, Gambo had tried to downplay as we turned to the field where he was attacked a month ago. I haven't really given it a thought. He says lightning doesn't strike twice. A wrap. Yeah. That's what Luke Christie said too. Wow. Oh, there you go. Just the totally out of control of all the empires that I could have picked to attack. There's so many fat overweight. Yeah. Empires that are out of shape. That guy's a Marine Corps reservist. Who was the upper who died with a heart attack? John McWiz the John McSury. That sounds familiar. Remember that a couple years ago? Yeah, right over here. Collapsed at home played before again. I mean, he was a good on par too, but he waited about 800 pounds. And then who's the big fat black-compires? He's still working? I don't want to see him. I don't want to see him. Kind of system to make him lose weight before he could have put her in system? What the hell was his name? The big fat black-compire. Who waited about four. And then he lost a bunch of weight and then I think he gained it back. I think he was like a darker complex darker version of the beast. What the hell was his name? See, this is bad when you remember that. Although I do remember Francis O. Here in mildered, oh, miliar. Miled guitar was German beetle. And were German beetle? No. I knew. He was the eighth beetle. You better get with him, Mr. You don't know your harness drivers for cramp. You better start studying on his stuff. You probably think Rosemary, oh, myster is a home, more myster. I'll get a book. Yeah, get a book. Dick Feinberg alone at two. He gave it a little instruction. It's called the Ali by Harness School of Life. Hey, Chevron, Texas goes to company that some people love to hate. And recent years, protestors have figured that the world industry giant for range of perceived defenses ranging from human rights abuses in Nigeria to World Contamination and Ecuador to refine repolution enrichment. Now, Chevron, Texas, go ahead and add the war in Iraq to a list of complaints. Several hundred demonstrators decided on the firm's San Ramon headquarters. Monday to accuse the company of encouraging the Westwood tax item was seen as the way to gain access to his nation's vast oil fields. And we are guard-grating that oil ministry with everybody's life, but the rest of the stuff include, in case you missed the beginning of the show, I don't want to get you nervous. But there's a whole bunch of toxic stuff. Whole bunch of crap that disappeared from that big laboratory, laboratory. Maybe Bella Lagosi was over there. You know, that's another thing about that video. A channel I got. I don't know if they got to wear Rogers thing on her be they. What? Hmm. You're a patient. Can find the wall loaded with hundreds. Look at that. Don't worry kid there, Dinar is there with crap. And what is land order? And we can take it on the drive and movie channel. And Dracula is a schnobie. No him. He almost got maximum kill. There you go. Say. Too bad you don't have the good thing. Oh, you don't have the CBC. You don't even have the BBC on your crappy, uh, direct TV. But of course now they're rubber murder codes. Oh, yeah. And you have his fox. Every channel now in direct TV is going to be fox. Anyway, Chevron texted us. No contrast to drone or rack, but the protests are going to leave the firm as sure to get them himself. So was, his Bush's National Security Advisor previously served on Chevron's Texture Gold Board. The company even named a ship after Rice before she joined administration once she arrived in Washington, the ship raised some eyebrows in Chevron Texture Gold took her name off the tanker tank. There was nobody wanted to ride on the old con Belize. They were pretty good to get seasick. Five, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. The W. and George W. Bush stands for that's our pull question today. 468 votes so far the W. stands for wonderful 75. Ah, he's wonderful. Look at Breath of Fresh Year. That's only 16%. Worthless 69, warm on 58. Let me worry 51. Worst 24, whittless 23, weasel 20. Weasel, reckless 18 with the W. W. 15, W. 15, 15, W. W. 11, weasel 12, horror 12, 12, whores. Make a dozen. W. 11, W. W. W. 9, winner seven, winner, that's the other good one. Now what do we have 16% and that's the one for so 17.4% choose the two really positive ones we have on her and I'd be glad to put a lot more positive ones but nobody's calling them in. Weapons of mass destruction for want to be dictator for weiner two, wrongdoer pair, worm two, wolf two, what what one, world beater one, vermos one, raffle and whitties still ain't got none, vermos to do better than that. Come on you guys can do a lot better than that on the vermos side. Okay, get them hip boots on baby. At this. Yeah. You're out of the same. That's been in there too long. 23 till noon we got to mad dog a brief appearance a cameo by the mad dog. They wanted to 30 because we got Marlon's baseball. Marlon's in the field of the movie and fill his. I want to tip my head to the 10th of a lightning. Ice gong boys in Washington last night. They went to an rural Washington after blowing the first two with home. They had one in Washington since before. Frank Mahabhlich was a baby. I think it's good that we got at least a real hockey team in the state of Florida. You know what? Yeah sure is not the panthers. I just mentioned that in passing that series is tied to a piece. I think the I think the lightning have to momentum now. They got to mo they got to mo when they're going to go on a win it. That's what I'm saying. The big shocker of course one of his odd shockers but I St. Louis up on Vancouver. Three games to one Vancouver just went and doubt they crap right out. Man, they just ruled over. But the big shocker detroit they're done by by way winds. Bye bye. See ya. Ryan Murray and the anti-mighty duck sweep the the way wings. Man it was incredible. Four in a row against Detroit. How much money you could have made on that? About 30 man. Yeah about 30 grand more than you making about two years more than Carlos makes in life time. But Carlos is doing a great job and I have a feeling that when I come back to town at Erick's going to have a big fact check that it reward Carlos for the great job. He's doing a really maintaining our great website. Who's taking for my shirt so sexy in her? Ow. I'm too sexy for that webbid. Who's sexy for that webbid? That webbid. Letting get it. I want to hinder. I hunt laments. I kill my little thing in the forest. I'm on my own. I hunt laments. I kill my little thing in the forest. I'm too sexy for my voice. Too sexy for my voice. I put forward in my wife. I'm too sexy for this forest. See there we've very quiet. I'm hunting webbid. I'm a hunter. I hunt webbid. I do my little thing in the forest. I'm a hunter. I hunt webbid. I'm a lifeless thing in the forest. I'm too sexy for that webbid. That brought me dark. Are you talking about me? Ooh yes. I'm going to bless you when you use you for swippers. I saw you are a metlipid. And you're going to put that gun down. Let me go before you hurt somebody. Ask the wolfies to your widow hairball. I can be a guinea guinea guinea guinea guinea. So the reason I played eye-puffle on Pablo there before that was because you see who died? No. John Paul Gettie. Multi-bid in there. One of the richest men in the world he's dead. Didn't even know he was sick. Think that money's been doing many good anymore? Probably not. Probably not. Now if we to protest your wacky is going to play about Americans right in a way. And New York Times, well we'll get to that. We don't want to do too many bad times to risk as I like to show a little bit too informative. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18. We don't want to be too informative especially on the first full day of peace off right? Right. How long does this madness go on anyway this pass over bed? You tell me. And we got good Friday tomorrow. Easter Sunday. Get all those little eggs. Oh you know what I do like and you're just poison poison. And I noticed Kentucky fried a song like Big Buckets Up and I have no idea what it has to do with the chicken. It was a Cadbury eggs. Oh yeah. Oh. I could eat those and of course I don't want to say who my house keeps going out and buying them and leaving them around for me. Need like pounds of them because they're going to kill me but I can't stop eating those. You know how many I can eat before you even start stopping and short. Yeah. And then I start giving a second wind. You know the ones I'm talking about. I do they're great. They're great. Oh, dangerous. Like how old is that? Yeah. There's a lot of crazy about the marshmallow rabbits and all that I can look out that. The small Cadbury eggs. Yeah. Which of course they certainly have here. No, no, no, no, no, no. No. Not for me. I can't be doing that anytime soon. I'll tell you that. Yeah. Thank you so much, Miss Andrews. How's Brian Andrews doing? He's fine. So the great news is Rick Sanchez coming back to tell me the tale between his leg. Right. Yeah. What a surprise. Why we would think that before MSNBC would have hired him because they were desperate anyway. They got like nobody watching. But when you think that they would have watched some of his work from channel 7 and realize that he was a supercellious hyperventilating clown, I thought that's what they wanted. Who squats over the map? Well, didn't work out too well. Now they're moving on the other direction. Now they got that good right wing or Joe Scarborough on their night. Oh, have you ever seen him? No. Don't. And what ever happened to Jerry Knoxman? That big huge guy that was like sweating up his thermo 8600 pounds. Jerry Knoxman with the bald head. I give up. That was on the head. I don't get that. No wonder nobody watches that thing. Although I did play somebody audio this morning. You thought it was the CBC. She was asking some pretty balls. He questions there. They're going to get her ass over at that broad. It's she's on a rolloff. She's good. But they're going to nail her ass if they find out that she's questioning a third question. This effort of ours is glorious. Freedom effort of the US. I don't know. Eric Donald rum spelled him company. See the reason the audience don't dislike him that much. Is he's he's funny? Yeah. Just like here, my hearing was a blast at a party. W to Q a m. Don't talk the nail. Speaking sir. Deal. Yes I am. You have a great one for you. The way that the W represents for me. Okay. Why? That's not bad. Why? I like it. That's okay. I got a nail. Thanks. I mean, it doesn't work on our pool, but I do like that. Why? I don't feel like it. I was a great. It's good. I think you're pretty. Jackie Bales. I was Jackie Bales. Yeah, it was. Well, how do you remember that? Because I was there because she did it because I heard Rick Sances. Well, you said about him when he's, say Rick sucks in Jackie Bales. Five six seven. Five six seven. Five six. Five six. The only AT&T. Probably we're talking about Rick Riley when you said that. And I work saying right. That'd be a good pull question. Who did George just like more Rick Riley or Rick Sances? Huh? I only had one conversation with Rick Sances. Yeah. He was a big fan of mine. I don't remember you used to run around with his Sony Walkman. Listening to me. Then he started driving. You should have stuck to run it around Rick and not driving because you'd drive and could have, you know, kept that guy alive. If you would have been driving normal. Of course he probably would have run into him anyway. You know, probably would have hit him with his Walkman and given the guy, can's, hey, how's Dr. Bob? Do we don't hear any more about that? No. Anybody got any info? Any updates on poor Dr. Bob Ackens? Who was in a coma after Fawn and that's a horrible story. 72 years old and pretty good health considering. Considering all that meat and fat and he falls down and sits on a sidewalk and hits his head on the New York Ice several days ago. A couple of weeks now, I guess. He's been in a coma. Maybe he'll make a miraculous recovery. Now, if you think they're probably feeding, I'm sure the feeding him intervenously. Obviously, that's the only way. You think, you know what I'm going to say? No, no, no carbs. No. 560, 050, 50, pound 560 on the AT&T and that's to your lie. I apologize for saying that. Don't I? No. Even he would have a sense of humor about it. Sure. If he could. WQIN. Welcome, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? I'm doing great. So glad to hear you get off that, getting off that bush and getting onto some hockey talk. Mm-hmm. There was a little pun fit in there somewhere. Yeah, right. I just, actually, I was listening to you talk about Ackens. I think what happened is right after they announced that the Ackens cult there circled the wagons. And they stopped giving out updates on that story. But it's pretty wild that that happens as often as it does. I mean, a lot of people, certainly down here, might not be aware of how often older folks do slip up north and end up in the hospital for that. Are you picking on me again after my fall and Amsterdam a couple of years ago? I don't know. I didn't even know about it. Oh, yeah. Broke a hand in my wrist. I didn't fall on my head, though. Thank goodness. Well, see, Amsterdam, everybody falls down. I'm not sure if you can find by the people. They have those cobblestone streets. I was right. Old fashioned. And unless you're really, and of course, in Amsterdam, it's hard to watch where you're going because there's a lot of distractions. So bike's flying all over the place. The bikes and those people under windows of all varieties and shapes and whatever. That don't grow. A lot of distractions. So I fell right on my, but at least I broke my phone with my hands. I'm assuming he would probably have a briefcase in his hand or something so he couldn't break the fall. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I've died. But here, right. We haven't heard another word about that. It's a deep dark secret. I've been living as a teenager up there. I'll tell you, I just wanted to say hello to my buddy Quieson who I've been spoken to a long time ago to the great job when you were away. And the other thing there is regarding the hockey playoffs watching that game last night. I mean, three over time. The hitting was vicious. Yeah, right from the beginning. All right from the time Tucker said on your main. Exactly. I was just about to say that. And did you see him? He was on the ground. Yeah. Rowan acquiesced. I was rolling around. Totally. I don't care what. And I know, see, the thing of bothers me up here for all the gung-ho hockey fans. I believe in the city is crazy. Yeah. But, you know, Bel for an even dawn cherry last night. Well, I, you know, look at what a great athlete he is. And he's all prepared. And everybody love a bad one and like that. And then the second period starts after coaches, court and referee try to make excuses. And he lets another greasy one in front of an impossible angle. And I was too nothing. That was. I don't care if he made 170 to say you can't in a playoff slid in a couple of greasy goals like that. The Leafs should have won in regulation two nothing. They'd have a strangle hole on the series. But just keep in mind back to last night. He led him to and even the winning goal by wrecking. He got a piece of it. But I've been. It's in the net. Let's everybody go home. That was terrible. Look what happened to Kojo last night with Detroit. He led in that goal. Oh, right. Yeah. That kid. Krob through in from the corner. He was already on his knees when it went in the upper corner. That'll teach him. That's what they get for swapping goal. Right. So, you know, anyway, I'm just saying it's been a great series. That's far of various games around the league. And I'm sure we're hearing lots of a discussion about it on QA. I'm on our sports day. I don't go to QA. I'm from my hockey talk. But I'll tell you something. It's been a great time so far. And I'm looking forward to the next couple of months. My favorite time of the year. And how about those lightning, man? I know. What's up with that? There are course. I like them. I think they're going to win that series. Oh, by the way. Have you noticed how need of Meyer and a few of the expanters have been playing in their series for the Tevergrate. And Stu Barnes for now is have a great day. We don't want to go down that road again. Okay. Well, let's see him no more. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. I remember those days of taxing, you know. Yeah. And Rick Rally would come on on the afternoon. Rick and suds. And people would call up Rick and say, who's this Chris Wells guy must be awful. Important because that's all Neil talks about. Yeah. And they were right. They were right. And of course, you kept pushing me do more more hockey talk. Can't book and remember to be a guest on show. You stopped more hockey talk. Yeah, because now we don't do it anymore. It's a highly unlikely you ever get that free lunch. Oh, yeah. It was right on the verge. WQAM. Neil. Yes sir. Good morning. How you doing? I'm doing good. How you? Neil, I'm doing good after last night. I'm a big choir fan. What a game, huh? Oh, so sorry. I mean, I'm so sorry you won. You know, it wasn't great game though. I had no question about it. You know, they could not be on the house to take you this. Not only in Belford, it didn't two terrible goals in a marginal third one. But if you're going to be in a Stanley Cup playoffs, you don't get ten shots in two periods. And what the, or no, I'm sorry, they got ten shots in regulation in the first three Purs. How do you go to win a game with ten shots? You're right for two of them went in. Exactly. There you go. Well, you know, what as a goalie, it's hard for him to stay sharp. You're getting ten shots in a game. He's cold. I mean, you know, then you come to come to me. I think he's a choker, Jack Manic. I think that if they be taking a lot more shots, they'd be kicking his ass. And you've seen it throughout the series. I mean, at overtime, he was just like Belford. They were great. But during a regulation, they just got to get more shots on. The series that we're making makes us save. It's weird. I mean, he's just over the place. Yeah. Well, I mean, he had a great year, great say percentage. And, and Kenny Johnson hit the post and like before, you know, the overtime the other night. So that's the other way. And these are great games. That's not Kenny Johnson. What's that kids name? That's not Kenny Johnson. That's he plays on. Kenny Johnson. Kenny. Yeah. Don't say Kenny. Yeah. We got too many. Yonsons. Too many. Okay. Good luck to you, sir. Next season, but not any more this year. You're going to be there. George for the game five. I got my tickets. Hacking it in Canada. 5 6 7 0 5 6. You were getting pretty hockey intensive now. I like a playoff's going on. You never know it by listening to QMS. Especially on a morning show because he thinks hockey sucks. He's a bosom man. They're talking football this morning on a mo show. They're talking about junior's say out. And they're talking football. Oh my god. Woo. The aroma was whampton right through this board here. I had to go out and get some Mr. Clean. Good. Got all my the football in the middle of April. Oh, no. Don't forget what's coming up this weekend. Is it on the schedule? Set. I'm sure it is. Saturday April 19. I don't see it. Did I miss it? Is it not this week? I once the draft show. The whole of that. I don't know. What would you mean you don't know? Man, I don't know something. Take the football. Where is the big NFL draft show that most supposedly is full of crap because he's a pussy. And guilty and mad dog going to be there. I thought it was this weekend. I don't see it. I thought you were right. Now that you mentioned that part. Yeah. I was almost positive that we're talking about this Saturday. Mean the draft show. I don't see nothing on my schedule. Don't tell me Clarence could have made another mistake. Oh, God. Clarence. Next Saturday. Oh, next Saturday. Well, that should be on my schedule for next week. There it is. Saturday April 26. So we got a whole week we're pre. So we don't have to do it to all my football talk. Got it. I mean, the middle of April. What's the temperature there, Dave? About 30 Celsius. About. Yeah. Howard David Jimmandich at the mall also Orlando went off in Scant, Josie and D.B. and D.B.J. Dominary Junior Chouas as it's the big draft day thing. Next Saturday April 26. The week from the Saturday. And it says right on here how our David and Jimmandich will be. This all is posturing. I'll bet you your life and Carlos is too. That he'll be there. Okay. Okay. Only for your sake. I hope we didn't hear me saying that. Let him 50 seven at five. Yeah, he might just consider. Three minutes till noon at 2 a.m. Do you have $2,000 more in credit on a credit card? If so, please listen to this. Dedicated consumer counseling will help you to cost you nothing zero. Dedicated is a nonprofit company. They'll contact the companies you will money to and it can help you out by cutting those payments. You have to make in half. Call 1-800-4-Node. That's 1-800-N-4 and the letters. N-O-D-E-B-T. Dedicated will help lower your interest rate. Limit 8-Lave fees and save your credit and cost you nothing. The bank pays Dedicated you pay zero. So if you're tired of battling credit card debt called Dedicated today, 1-800-N-4-Node. Call and find out how Dedicated can help you. You've got nothing to lose. If you've had it with credit card debt, high interest rates and late fees, do yourself a humongous favor. Give Dedicated consumer counseling a trial. Handle it all for you from there. Calm now 1-800-4-Node. It costs you nothing. 1-800-N-O-D-E-B-T. For Dedicated Consumer Counseling. And low. This is 4-3-05-16. It will humong. Hey, I'm frao, iliana, Ross, ladenon. And I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla as with soap-nate from jewels. And listening to the new roll cake. I'm gonna need to hour. Take aint. Pfft. Pfft. Pfft. Pfft. Pfft. Pfft. Pfft. Pfft. Pfft. Pfft. I'm singing this song and I'm feeling kinda sad. I got my smile from home, but my chicken for my dad. I've got a body like a driving range mad. When it's cold outside, use my nits to hang out. I can blow in your ear and give you a lap dance, but you won't notice me to get some implants. I need a guy who ain't got issues like feeling up a chest and find in tissues. Guys, I'm cute. This am pretty. I'm not alone. You need your pity. I've got a nice ass and for like a kiss to eat. But I can't get a man. Because I got no titties. I don't know titties. There's wonder of growth. It's something I can't afford. When you lay on me, you'll swear you're an a diving board. When I turn to love and I started to give you. I've seen my personal personnes on blue couchs Anti radiators. I'd talllly liked his socks and my pants and she fell into a war. It sounds just gems, but no troubles. I think I can clearly see those heads. It's crazy. I can escape into here because I can do it again. But I can't get a man. Because I'mouts with him. I got no tea Krabble to a five 60. I love that thing. I don't think you'd ever play it so I better do it myself If you ever play it yeah, come on. Has he ever played that Carlos? Hello Baghdad didn't follow was handed over this also information throughing house from the Pacific news service. I'm not gonna read it not too many bedtime stories Arabic media are speculating with a safka Arabic for a secret deal was arranged between the US and the Bath regime to hand over Baghdad Although nobody can pinpoint the exact terms. There are three clear outcomes first. The lives of many American British forces as well as most senior bath officials were spared Second, Baghdad itself didn't turn in the blood bath widely anticipated by military experts and third the war was shortened dramatically saving the region especially Saudi Arabia from catastrophic consequences See we're doing two out of three wasn't bad, but once we got to the fact that we saved Saudi Arabia from catastrophic consequences that was unfortunate in my humble opinion If it gets my drift Well, we got some good stuff on there today, you know, this this may be the all-time award winner. It just gets better every day Oh, and it is a good website that's murking shimt.com Not only has it got the t-shirts and a mugs and all of us stuff, but verse them good articles on there including the one by area and a hopping did I forget to say that to you Which one? I don't have anything for Mariana hopping to where you calm down The one where the headline is a victory aside the invasion was a bad idea I didn't see it this morning. I'll send it tomorrow. I was it was in my pile, but as you saw it were so damn many of my just I forgot about it Starts out by saying the Bible tells us that pride goeth before the fall in Iraq it came throughout after it From the moment that statue of Sodom who's saying hit the ground the mood around the rum spill campfire has been all high fives I told you so as an endless preddling about the speedy fall of Baghdad is proof that those will pose the invasion of Iraq were dead wrong What other nonsense she says in fact a speedy fall of Baghdad proves the anti-war movement was dead right the whole pretext for our unilateral charge into Iraq was that the American people were an imminent danger from Hussein and his mighty war machine What it turns out that far from being on the verge of destroying Western civilization who's saying in this 21st century Nazis couldn't even muster a half-hearted defense in their own capital Well, that a good start up. I'll save that. I don't know how it's good. I'll save that And also to one by Tim Robbins. Let's have put that on there about a hundred times just a piss off that craggy old jackass who can't spell and writes with that real horrible handwriting like that real super arthritic handwriting I think your time is limited pal. I could be wrong about that, but I think your time is limited five six seven. Oh five sixty upon five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line The W. George W. Bush stands for we've got about Hundred choices on air five hundred and thirty four votes. What is it stand for? Wonderful eighty four fifteen point seven percent wonderful Remember Johnny Mathis wonderful wonderful. Oh, yeah, and then there was Lawrence. Well, I want a full monofot matter Uh-huh. Marley that's George W. Who is wonderful 84 votes worthless 76 Warmonger 63 what me worry 57 and that's a big drop down to worst 26 weasel 25 whittless 24 reckless with a w 18 wank 16 wankers Wasted 16 white bread 14 worked 13 horror and we targeted have 13 as we targeted like we Tina Wretched 11 wanko 10 wopas 9 weiner eight wicked and weapons of mass destruction seven weapons of mass destruction A lot of be dictator six vermacht for I don't think they understand what that means you're not a scrub vermacht for a wrong door three warm three weiner two world meter two A warfold to whitey one what what one and wrathful none yet out of five hundred thirty seven votes Not too many really positive ones but I wish maybe before going to clock eleven a bunch of more positive choices for the top Here's another great article. I found on smirkingchimp.com by Mark more for this is definitely on our thing right Is it a prayer for George W? I just give a little tea so people go to our website and read these you says What might the universe have to say to shrub right now hint in an exactly fan mail? George hey universe here great eternal karmic engine of all that ever wasn't will be everywhere everywhere for all time yati yati yati We're just thing I've been fighting this nasty rash you see this itchy painful scabby thing very unusual uncookable annoying as hell As you might imagine not sleeping well tea taste funny Divine timeless luminous glow is flickering like a bad bulb haven't seen anything like this since oh the crusades of the Salem witch trials or names so weird This is a good article. I probably should be the whole thing But I will because it's very very long and I would be the end of this show They'd all be turned over to rush to here. Let's have today building hell of a Clinton kill fifty two innocent people and a bunch of little children were named and wounded by Bill Clinton Right now we're probably killed a few two day Because one thing that air being good right wing or nose is that all of us liberals in our square time. What do we do kill some people sure Kill some good time and kill some people some undesirables WQAM Bill yes sir. How you doing doing good? You know what gets to me first we go into Afghanistan Yeah, and we go into our rack Today's a go to jerk off Admiral for the Navy Jeffrey Gilbert comes out and he says oh I'm not responsible for Uncle chicken wax We're all shrugging over here. Yeah, I don't know what it was but we liked it five six seven Five six the pound five six the 180 and Verizon line WQAM Yes, man, is this a George? No, if this is Neil. Do we need to talk to George? Oh, Neil. Hi. Yeah This is the clock alone ladies Great knees. I just wanted to say happy pass over and I wanted to talk to George. I wanted to ask me something go ahead He's listening. Oh George. Hi. My name is Judy and I'm the niece of the great Yeah, we're all here together. Oh, okay. Oh, okay. Oh, I'm going to the clock on my right Okay, actually another one of our great needs is just getting married in Barbados And I was wondering if if you guys had any tape for any single her voice that I could take with me down there When he's going well it's me Me ten I'll try to get out and then George could put together a little cassette couldn't get George. Of course I could those drop in the whole She went That's a token. Yes, it's a Thanks for calling when Neil puts you on hold you can give your particulars to Carlos. Oh, I know. Here was something else you did Oh, yeah, I remember that. Yeah, I have the station page. Okay, hang on and George will do it for you. Okay, great. Take care. Have a good holiday. I didn't realize we had that. Have the station page. Oh, yeah. Oh, we sure miss her. She was great. Yes, she was five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T And the information about the Marlos line on a great Thursday man. It's a good Friday What are we going to do tomorrow? Should we do like a frivolous show something a little lighthearted for the holidays We don't want to like the guy said even a hockey tuck in his case was a good reprieved amount too much of this George W. Bush stuff too much of this war talk too much of this liberal whatever Well, that would be wonderful and it would go with the moths of pizza that we're getting tomorrow. Are you really? Yes, we are. Well, let me know how it is W. K. W. M. George. Yes, sir. Oh, I just don't count seven. A doctor. I can die. No, come on. John Doctor, I just I just turn on channel seven. That's his this is Reverend Jones. Hello. Channel seven said Dr. Racken. Is this Reverend Jones? I'm on it now and they have some other story going on right now How are we going to find out about this? That was Reverend Jones. That was some goofball. Was it? It could have been. Could very well have been. But I'm trying to determine which channel seven said anything. Would you believe it? No, no, so Well, wait till we get it from a responsible news source and not the Reverend Jones like Fox News. There you go Like Fox News then we'll know although the Fox News locally is channel seven in it. Yeah, yes What's not is it? Yeah, it is. I thought the curidge scene in the headlines is something in between the regular owners. Who the hell knows? I don't know. I don't care. Okay. All I know is that we don't have Fox News up here And you know how would them and then it includes you to Mr. All spin all day. Whatever happened at John Gibson. Don't see that clown anymore. He's probably waiting for you. Oh, Jay to kill some more people. W to Q a m. No, I'm doing pretty good sir. No, you said something yesterday. I had a call up and make sure that's not what you meant. I mean, whatever I said whatever I said, I meant it and I forgot though. You don't you don't mean to suggest that this country or any country should be held hostage the prior For a policy decisions that it made you can correct or incorrect. What was that mean? No, I know you said that I said something and you don't think I'm in. What did I say? You said it was incorrect for us to go to war with the rack because of our prior affiliations with the rack. That then is what I said at all. I never said that. That's the answer that we brought him up during the first place. That is why we were the ones that kept him in the morning. The hostage to fire incorrect for a party. Oh, sir. Please spare me the pain. That is so stupid. That is so idiotic That is so idiotic. How many times have you seen the photos of rumble that are shaking hands with them and Right over the stories about how a burden doing business with him just in last five years stopped the volonio. Okay, sir wasn't the point you were making and he knows it. Of course not, but again twisting and manipulating the words and because we had And addition of which of course with this administration you do have a point because any previous treaties any previous foreign policy Everything goes down out the window you went small potatoes let him come in and help feed some people Do a little bit of cleanup work, but not too much because we don't want them in a way what we have in mind Who are you kidding man? So what's the story with the doctor? I can Carlos found out that he's still I know that I haven't found anything. No, nothing about that anywhere. Yeah, this guy that was Reverend Jones That was a crank that was some jackass that was definitely Reverend Jones and by the way Reverend Jones if you're listening You're gay Pressured of fines when and we go to this last scholar pressure to find weapons mounts. This is an embossed and globe another one of those little county pincorags A month after the outbreak of war arms control Specialists and former UN weapons inspectors are increasingly critical of the Bush administration for Australia I'm sorry to interrupt Yeah, especially clinic received all the best attention he could possibly have had plenty he died. We have a doctor Yeah, what is that on a foxness? All you put a new thing I was flipping in there. Oh, no, he put Fox news on the ownership So Carlos you'll be sitting in another chair tomorrow Here Sunday I told you not to bother me Mr. Mouse, are you snapping at eyes there? Oh, no nothing. Sir. How are you? I'm not good. Oh, no. Oh, what's wrong now sir? I want my ball turned black. Sure your ball. My basket ball like a rod it froze a turn black. Oh That's terrible. Oh, a big basketballer. Harble. Take the call, is there? What what what calls? Jennifer Gardner. I read my paper. She's getting another horse. Well, she's separated. There's some kind of straight Air either she wants me. I think she was just afraid to make the move on the big guy, but sir with all do respect You're you're a mouse hey Tell me I'm almost I'm hot though. She wants me. I can tell you my Timbizer. Okay, okay, sir. I'll make the call hang on a minute Queeness I am Sorry, Mr. Not things that's wrong anyone's every door does every yet Doesn't make me happy It makes me want a strange on you I sir. Hey, yes, sir. I do want to tell you one good thing you're doing. Okay, I talk to you for a make a little You're finally put this on the map with that thing Oh, wait a go, I sir. Well, sir. That's actually the fox network. Don't correct me, I sir Remus what are you doing? Get any balls of play with simple Don't play the simple car on the phone, Raymas. Rex, isn't it? It did me land fan is terrible. That's right. They need me, Bob Don't play a civil again, Remus Is there? Yes, sir. What are we running? Well, sir. We've got the bachelor. Oh, that's right That's stupid firestein kid with that pool peaton grin. Then the no sir. It's a firestone. I know Yes, sir don't you correct me What's his name? What's his name? Firestein Oh, you went in it firestone. You live another name of a bachelor Oh, I'm heaven safe. What's his information? I have to wait about Peter Jennings What about Peter? So you're doing a fine job I swear I God I will take your hand between my white glove hands and Shit I'm under a little strip What's the man in nick of Durham pass? See that the nick of Durham pass That's smoking ball you don't smoke remiss And record Get out of here you moron I sir. Yes sir. Well, Mr. Jennings is doing a fine job Peter Jennings is terrible He's French Well, actually sorry's Canadian Oh, I sir Why did I tell you about correct me? What is Peter Jennings? Sip He's French Now you moron is Canadian TC anchor by network you don't even know what he does why don't I keep you around Isner I don't know why I know I don't know you are Say it You mean telling me and you know what try to get me on a bachelor shelf Sir, you're married mouse. Hey, I sir. Yes. I don't want a mariam I don't want to date those 25 girls I just want to stop them I'm Green Funny pass no, and I see I don't waste my time with fox news because if they reported I wouldn't believe it anyway I went to the Boston here or the Boston World website they had it Boston dot com which is always like up to date Doc Greckens proponent of low carb diet plan dies at 72 Now you have always talked about my psychic powers on his show Where did that come from out of the blue Did I start talking about talking about where were they come from? I don't know No, seriously, where I pulled that out of my ass Where did that come from just in the midst of a collar and uh, I don't know how we got out of that I said do we ever hear any more about that? What I want to have a guy was talking about how they've gathered around to protect what here's the story Dr. Robert C. Atkins who's and he was uh, you know you didn't like him, but I he was nice to me You didn't like him because you didn't pay any attention to What are you talking about? No opinion on him. That's what those people said at that point you didn't like Dr. Bob But at the period when we saw about eight million books he paid as much attention to me as I paid to him none none Right, well, that's because you're not fat right so what do you need the acting I died for you? Because eating lots of pizza tomorrow. He's sitting there shoveling food and you're put started by dieting You're like the freaking beast you're like a smaller slumber very good at being much dieting. Oh my god I'm walking over there hold on yeah, get in that chair. Okay, see one thing about George. He's not fat now. He's never been fat Oh, he's a little gyka in the funny look. Oh, that's him He's talking about diet doctors anyway could pick it up. I'm a good friend Dr. Bob, but I was trying to say is Dr. Robert Hacens is best selling low-carb high protein diet was dismissed as nutritional Folly for years, but was recently validated in some research died today as folksman city was 72 See it it's just struck me. How do you like that out of nowhere man? This is And you know who I'm starting to get visions about out loud. You want to know though? Don't say no. I was just had a vision about Do do do do do do he Atkins died at New York wild Cornell medical center and was surrounded by his wife and close friends said Richard Rothstein spokesman said Atkins suffered as if you're head into your own you who's gonna be really distraught Who's already psychotic I give up here's a hint Las Vegas Viva. Oh, yeah I'm looking to do for living now I'm looking to have been looking at atkins diet things but it was cruises for a long time and of course Dr. Bob not that the Face man isn't around all of them sure that the People are probably atkins program will keep it going but it'll never be the same without the face man Right the name will go on Atkins suffered as if your head injury a parade after falling on an icy sidewalk while walking to work last April He was hospital hospitalized for cardiac arrest Which he said was related to an infection of the heart now related to the diet Atkins first advocated his unorthodox weight loss plan which emphasizes meat eggs and cheese and Discourages bread rice and fruit in his 1970 to book Dr. Rackens died revolution Its publication came at a time when the medical establishment was encouraging a low fat high carb diet Which is why so many people died prematurely by the way the following year the AMA dismissed atkins diet is nutritional Folly and Congress summoned him to Capitol Hill to defend the plan Leverling it potentially dangerous the AMA said the diets unscientific underpinning was naive and biochemically incorrect It's scolded the books publishers for promoting bizarre concept of nutrition and dieting right despite this His books sold 15 million copies and millions of people tried the diet atkins philosophy Injured a resurgence in the mid 1990s with Dr. Rackens new diet revolution Which sold more than 10 million copies worldwide and spent five years on the year times best seller list But criticism of the diet lingered with many arguing and could affect kidney function Raise cholesterol levels and the private diet of important nutrients Atkins said no study showed that people with normal kidney function develop problems because of a high protein diet And never gave into his detractors the fending his plan at the American dieted Because association is convention in 2000 atkins quipped. I'm very happy to be here not as happy as Daniel in the Lions then This year his approach was vindicated and part by the very medical community that's scorned him In February some half doesn't study show that people on the atkins dad lost weight without compromising their health The study showed that atkins dieters cardiovascular risk factors no raw cholesterol profiles change for the better Let me read that again the study showed that atkins dad is cardiovascular risk factors and overall cholesterol profile change for the better fact that at that Still many of the researchers were reluctant to recommend the atkins diet saying a large new study now The way could settle lingering questions of its long term effects and this thing goes on and on and on about the diet to this and you can eat that et cetera It does say to Atkins the key dietary relevant and obesity was carbohydrates He argued that makes susceptible people pump out too much insulin which internal encourages and to put on fat and least if nothing else On that he is So rest in peace doctor Bob okay and speaking of that or just what I'm gonna have for lunch now good doctorackens are no carb lunch bacon cheeseburger now We I don't want to do I can cook that up right here. I want to go out in the community doing nice restaurant hit me a nice I want to go into a nice crowded restaurant where I can get some sars. Oh no I don't all you people thought there's no worry about that there's nothing in the greater community yet all of They're really worried about this weekend with all the Easter in the air all these Congress at least people congregating yeah in greeting and eating They're a little bit concerned about that So if I just do lock all the doors from the inside and stay in for next several weeks Fat man Susan McDonald's over non-higher Bridge for Connecticut a Federal judge has refused to dismiss a lawsuit against McDonald's filed by a new haven man who claims he wasn't hired because he's overweight Now you talk about the popcorn a kettle black they they fired this guy because he's fat now what restaurant chain in the world It makes people fat or anyone else even think of Mickey D's baby make death Joseph Connor is filed a lawsuit last year against the fence food chain claiming that it discriminated against him In violation of the Americans with the Civilized Act and the Connecticut fair employment practices act Connor who weighs 420 pounds The McDonald's violated the laws when we garden him is morbidly obese and refused to hire him based on that perception Further religious is obese BCD is a disability and the restaurant chain violated the C F E P A by deliberately non-hiring him U.S. District judge step on underhill concluded Connor must be given the opportunity to prove that he's protected at law McDonald's had argued that obesity except in special cases where the obesity is due to a physiological disorder is not a physical Within the meaning of the I think they got a lot of God damn you're okay Plugin up people's arteries making people fat given all these kids diabetes and if early age and they don't want to hurt us Got because he's a big telecrack shame on him. He'd be a good posture child from again 1226 speaking to your health by the way here's a good product. I'm popping in every day All you might help my blood pressure tremendously in a short period of time. I can do the same for you can do wonders All you med softials contain pharmaceutical rate olive oil. It's not just your ordinary olive oil like you get out of a bottle from the store It is super concentrated little with all kinds of health benefits for you all your might every day Can not produce the risk of heart disease and the high cholesterol plus there are 14 different Older-made formulas from which to choose each one combining the best olive oil that money can buy with vitamins Minimal's herbal's the support specific health needs from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system and by the way Skippy, I don't have any more from my blood pressure up here. I'm running out real quick about another couple of days worth just a hint Because who once he got me down there? There's still down there. Oh, I just mentioned in case Skippy wants to be on top of things as opposed to some of our other sales people Just to cut the olive-made formulas that are right for you and what you need now there are three brand new Older-made formulas when to help you sleep. What a happy control at disgusting sickly weight and cook you 10 for your heart Pick up some older-made today. It's all over town more more people talking about it and pop in it pick it up at Public's records well greens whole food markets No vars and sedanners order it online if you like older-made America dot com if you want to get all the info about their great products and what they can do for you Call 1 866 Oryoman that's 1 866 653663 gets them oldie went today and for better health start pop it in your push right away Don't have a penis. I've never had one. I swear coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story We take a good hard stiff look into start-up. He looked exactly like John Lennon He sounded exactly like John Lennon Not surprising since John Lennon and sperm help create him He was Julian Lennon I never really wanted to be a successful as me dad Which worked out since how f***in well wasn't Julian Lennon grew up in the shadow of a famous father But luckily, there was someone else to blame for his own lack of real success. Yoko. That's right Yoko oh no. Let's blame her Everyone else does well everything yoko's fault isn't it? I mean that's what all told me Paul McCartney composed hate you to 1968 to ease young Julian into accepting his father's new weird ass bride Since then McCartney has had a hold on Julian Lennon that some say is unhealthy Just listen to this phone conversation recorded last month for inside the behind Are you Julian could you put my name first and all the songs your roast? You know sorry to McCartney Lennon instead of Lennon McCartney? Uh Paul you didn't write those songs with me Well, I know but I'm time to get to you know Conclusion you know Oh Well, I guess that's all right since I was born into privilege and I've never had to struggle a day in me life I guess I'm not smart enough to see that I'm being horribly manipulated by you right So I love the papers don't open shall I yeah? Great Yeah Julian if you remember the eighties you probably were there It's a big juicy sobbing with look at show business tonight on inside about happy a great pull question Who sucks worse? Yoko on or Julian Lennon, but that's a tough one Speaking of Julian by the way, don't forget to say must see episode of passions today I'll make it fun. I just I really love being Your You You have to really see it to appreciate it of course George won't watch because I'm gonna tape it make sure I watch tape And I watch if watching this episode of the day doesn't entice you to watch it again Plus Sharon's on her to blonde. It's on it and it can be time, but I'll tape it and watch it When I can I'm gonna tape it you're gonna be home by two. I'm gonna make a phone call make a beeline make a phone call To the house and have like your daughter tape because crystals busy When I what never kissed Crystal watch this so far and she don't watch NBC watch the bold and beautiful and CBS. Oh, they hold in a beautiful. Oh, and that's another show is a guiding light what's going on there with Alan is getting drugbed by what's your name By Alex all the show is I'm gonna headache just thinking about it anyway poor doctor rankings Let's have a lot of tribute to Dr Bob we invite everybody who lost weight on the weekends and those of you got really sick from it to call in right now W to Q a M Q a L you're sorry That is correct I thank you it'll take a load up my mind thanks a big load Eric rig wait about 455 pounds so can wet five six seven and of course I don't want to go back into with 2D pressing that John McSherry thing I mean around there in the middle of summertime it's 150 degrees in the shade There's sweat and up a storm, you know, and these yeah so many of them are in such bad shape right Yeah, sir Happy Easter now and happy she was And you know, I ordered that The Comcast you know the Comcast and I got that major league in these packets like 130 bucks for all the baseball games I got the hockey free and I was watching Right over time game last Yeah, I saw I seen it yeah, oh, what a game yeah, yeah, it's a miracle I need the guys who played that game can still walk Oh, man, you know a little bit is the rest of Colo penalties or nothing, you know They let him play it was great the answer let him play I was just want to tell you that I got that I was the baseball package and I got the hockey like I'll give them a real sport as a bonus for free So I heard a guy call yesterday want to know how to get the game any just quarter of Comcast Go out and find you a good package right okay golly skull pali thanks golly skull I don't know what anybody says I don't care if he made 472 says three greasy rolls in air any Any any three greasers god Never say when I go to win arms all hemp for six greasers How's Wayne do it by the way he's fine? I Hear that if you make the right offer he and Hudson both will oh whip you on nice progress. That's why hot five W to Q a M Hudson's got a white hot He's got a red one. W to Q a M Yes, sir. I got one for the W Okay Reckdom I like that W are E C C That's great It can be taken many ways. Yeah, well, we don't we don't want to talk about it We can stick a hyphen in there RE W are E K will spell it like goofy W are E K dash T. U M Reckdom I love that. Well, it's a good thing we squeezed that in before the end of the show Reckdom. Yeah, oh Man I'm losing it. I think we get an inquire and maybe I've got a lot of like that Sorry, oh, we're gonna some cities are gonna spray pesticides We got the SARS we got a word about west now virus. We're set to to monitor for this Yeah, monitor yes, but I'm just wondering is the health system itself I don't want to listen to this every day to get you like panicky, you know Just a few people cropping over here and a few over there and just keep them away from all the rest of us. That's all we want I'll we'll say this if anybody starts coughing or like we're like a son of a bitch I think we're gonna fix line five. I mean not that we have a lack of calls we've had a ton of calls, but are they ever gonna fix it or is it just a joke? No, they're not gonna fix it. Come into Q a M Around hole. Yeah, we don't play that game. WQ. I am Yes, sir Doing sensational You know I want to call That you know are good friends from Robert Ackens He passed away today. No Yes, I just heard it on CM MSNBC news Robert Ackens the die guy Excuse me. Yes, did Robert Ackens from the Ackens die? Yes, or he passed away day and you're taught to go well. Thanks for the bad news. We'll check it out. Thank you better check that out get out. Okay. All right Man, I'll tell you where to hold we'd be without this audience so we'd have no clue what was going on in the world and then that one guy And you kept saying oh that's just a crank as Reverend Joe You know that guy was he was watching channel seven yeah, which is good enough reason to doubt it Rick said now Rick senses is not coming back to seven was that the word of course he was with MSNBC MSNBC is contract with NBC's we're gonna be channel six alleged that was the word come back to channel six this time. Oh my god wow You think the people of China on Emmys are good buddy Joe Rosalmy working with Rick's snatches what a match made in purgatory that is huh Woo Wait until he comes back and works on the same newscast Would Joe Rose got a big hard on wow haha 22 to 1 in five sixty double Q a M I think we're getting a little goofy now. I don't know what it is Sorry well, it's better getting all the price about talk to Bob because me it wasn't a shock because we already you know Once you went into the coma once things started going like south real bad. Yeah We had a feeling that it wasn't gonna be a real good end I bet you're a good buddy Bob Lincoln shows up on on these days soon They're looking for some free plugs on you. You'll be drowning as sorrow's right now. I'm sure. You think so? 22 till 1 a QA and we got the mad one to 230. Some Arlan's baseball at 230 the humpers off today. Which is a good thing because now he can get his urinary track all straightened out again. Was he upset that I mentioned that? He didn't say. I didn't run into him afterwards. Oh, I hate you don't care. He can handle it. I mean, what's the video with urinary track infection? Lodly, I mean, lot of guys get that. My mouth is getting those all the time. Oh, yeah. They're the thought. Hey, speaking of that, if you got a problem on top of your head like the mole mice, do you hear the answer for you? Charles Ophiari, just one easy name that's our need to think of. Charles Ophiari, because he's the hair guy. He's been in business for a coonzeige for a year. How many years he's been around? About 30 minutes. Of that is correct. Work it with the famous and then not so famous. And everybody who signs up with Charlie gets his natural hairline system has nothing to lose but the ball spot because here's how it works. After 30 days, you get this guarantee. If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, we're not getting laid at least 15, 20, 30, 40 times a day. The point works is to about ready to fall off. Like my lung. Charlie will give you a full refund. No, I'm getting choked up about this. I say it. Call the day, take advantage of your Neo Rogers 200 hour discount by mentioning my name. What am I getting out of? Probably in here, Bob. Huh? I think it's Charles. Oh, it's just that he takes a sip. Not just a little off-road in the throat. You know what is? It's a change of climate. Yeah. Well, maybe three here on what day was it? Tuesday? Hmm. 83. Yesterday the high was like 46. And today it's 41. And then back in the 60s out of week. Anyway, get some hair from Chuck Alphyr. He's the guy because the hair you get from him looks like it's going out of your scalp. Like the real thing. As opposed to a mousey book and piece on the top of your head or a holes in your head. So instead of people laugh at you, they'll say, damn, you look pretty good. A lot better and younger you ever thought you could again. Call Chuck Alphyr, a ton that old Neo told you to call toll free. 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413 or check out his website. If you like it, Charles Alphyr.com. Get a great look ahead of here once again from Chuck Alphyr. You're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who It's Lego ieridas from love. It's the believe. We have our Go and you have my Self is Anthony Steal points now the I'm so damn bad. Who the hell is this such a thing? Oh, what the f***? What the f***? What the f***? What the f***? You must be quiet in the middle of this episode. That's not the time to leave the yard of the team. Okay, we point the same gun at the same 100-0. I can't wait until he has the newsquest. Oh, she's like a Saturday Saturday. We out of time. We got the girl. F***. Well, 44-5-60WQ-M. Look at how they just changed the forecast, baby. Oh no. 52 tomorrow and then sunny on Saturday and 18-18-16-66. And 21 on Sunday, baby. 70. All right. Priestess Sunday. That's the Lord Worse and Mysterious Ways. Oh, I guess he wasn't watching over Dr. Bob. You know, good Jewish boy. Dr. Bob at the end of the case you missed it. Didn't we hear that he just passed away? Who? WQ-M. Hello. Yes. Who is these Jewish? No, it's Neil. That's coincide. How about your pardon? Dr. Atkinside. Dr. Robert Atkinside. Dr. Robert Atkinside. Yes. Oh, my God. What did this happen? Good morning. Okay. Thanks for the bad news. Mm-hmm. Do you hear that? What? Sorry. Listen. He wouldn't care at this point. Oh, no. Who's in a coma for several days? I mean, that's my philosophy. But once you did, whatever they say about you, we didn't make too much difference anymore. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. Did you hear that? Who? WQ-M. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello. You like one? Yes. Okay. He said he likes it. He likes talking to people they can't get a phone at works. WQ-M. WQ-M. WQ-M. WQ-M. Mommy? Did you know that's very great? Yeah. WQ-M. WQ-M. Hello? Yes, sir. Uh, you? Me? Yes, I am. Oh, okay. I have to turn my radio down. Please. There's a meal. This is your number one swatch of call-up, uh, fans. Yeah. I remember, I always give you different doom and things I told you about to grow the same, uh, over that song. Um, Suven, Riley, or whatever Suven, whatever name was. Kind of Lisa. I just can't do blushing, but on the series, no. Uh, you guys perform a great service because Flawner has no news, man, on the radio. Uh-huh. I work for a company where Dr. Ack is mother, stays at the retirement home. And it was through your show when I heard about his accident. I was able to tell the people that I worked for. And he informed her mother, man. So now I have to be the, the bare of bad news. Oh, yeah. So, um, really sad. Well, how old is his mother? She's still around? Yes, she is. Yes, she's, uh, a little nagging. Yeah, I think she's 92. Wow. Yeah. So, you know, this is just, just, just, man. Well, good luck to you, man. Break it real gently, you know? You can do it. All right. I'll put it in your capable hands. Okay, thanks. Better him than us, right? Oh, well, I'll break it to a lady and a nursing home is 92. The doctor, Bob, did you hear what happened? Who? If David was in, uh, what now? Well, what is that? If W was in George? What? I'm reading the pool. Oh, you're a little bit. The W in George W. Boy stands for wonderful 91. He's wonderful. I said, oh, no, when I worked at Jano and Palm Beach, many, many years ago, doing talk. And we used to have what is, well, of course, even there, there were like some, we had the Dracula lady with her biting comments. And then we had this one old bag from Palm Beach. And she said, oh, isn't it wonderful? It's just a wonderful. So she became the wonderful lady. Anyway, George is just, W to that is not you. 91 votes. He's wonderful. 14.6% out to good. Worthless 81, warm on. Gars 72, what may worry, 61. Weasel 30. Whittless 28. Worst 28. We targeted 25. W. 19 and wasted 19. Wank 16 wanks. 10 to see only four that song 16 wanks? No. White bread and want to be dictator 16, Warp 15. Four 14. Winner 13. Wretched 12. Wopass 12. Wuppance of mass destruction 11. That's George W. George, Wuppance of mass destruction. Bush 11. Wank O. 10. Wicked 7. Vermos 6. I like saying that. Vermos. Wrong to or 5. Warm 3. Welfles 3. World meter 3. Winner 2. Rathal 1. Y. 1. And what? 1. He's got one. 1. Which is a buddy. He's got a lot. Everybody wants a lot. What? Only manages. He's 11 to 1. A QAM. R. R. Wank 16. Wank 16. Wank 16. Wank 16. Wank 16. Wank 16. Wank 16. Wank 16. Wank 16. Wank 16. Wank 16. Wank 16. Wank 16. Wank 14. Wank 15. Wank 15. Shin 3. Wank 16. Wank 16. Wank 16. Just last two, Wank 16. Wank 16. Wank 16. Wank 16. Wank 16. Wank 32. Wank 18. Wank 14. It's 14. Assault Damard 2. Wank 15. I wonder sometimes what it's all about. You know, 1253 and 560, WKM, not a bad day here today. Gonna be beautiful here on a weekend. Stay inside, don't lock the doors if you're anywhere in this neck of the woods because they're stuck going on out there. And of course, by you they're keeping it quiet. Have you ever seen it? Yeah. It is there. But I keep it in very quiet now because they don't want you to nervous. So if the terrorists don't catch you, then maybe the SARS will. And if it's not that, then maybe the Boofo toes and somebody will get you. I'll let Luke guys. So I'm looking at the crawl on CBC news and guess who died? That'll fire. I'm going to get some tributes to Dr. Bob and before we run out of time today. Don't you think? We have an at console or two, at least. We do. Atkins squirts. I think. The atkins squirts? And they were going to play on a day that he dies. God is that in bad taste. But he wouldn't mind. I got this one. I got this one. I got this one. I got this one. Who? I did that. I did you do me do this. And it curves to the doww. And it rolls to the fives, but my three two thut folks get blown away. I can't believe you're good in you But she's fine But she's my baby And now I have a big red ring But the boy that she's cute I just lost my love I can't stop you I'm not a baby I'm not a baby Bad taste Flaming on George I don't want to play the thing You're on heart, didn't you? Are you? I heard bitten Oh yeah, this is going to be Watch Give it a QIN They knew Yes, George Wah, wah, wah That one too bad Too late for that though I want to add no more on that thing Okay, enough is enough I thought we get some ferries to Dr. Racken Some people lost a ton of weight I want to say he was a great guy And every store of freight train And thanks to him, I'm still alive Something like that Just something nice I know what's inside of me you are It's in life WQAM Dr. Atkins showed me Showed me what I could be In fact, he showed me my penis No, somebody had a find it for you WQAM Yeah, hi I joined that journey from work to WIRD Oh no Oh my god, I'll blind my attack Talk about being blind-sotted Holy moly, a blind my attack You're out of here, you lunatic Oh my god, don't go away, man Just go away And at the Johnny's been thinking about him Collecting the money on that smoking suit How many days ago did I have that? I'll talk about it a later reaction Turned me Can I get a blind crap about Johnny's been now? Okay, you civilen My my my The more things change around here The more they stay, the freakin' same Blind freakin' my Yeah, he doesn't like that name I'm like I said blind-moth Will be exploded To dominate people killed With the gas that we sold him First time a grister nation And the only one that's going Now more blood will be spilled To get that oil going Forget about Korea The news they're toasting has a right way His drilling it over and over and to our hip That a rag has some Memphis of Memphis structure Three thousand people killed Our now forgotten, let's exploit him Instead, ain't their soil to be caught Going after some time to play Kato's summer There's no longer mention of the name It lot is, but no it's a good sardine I'll be in complacent Believe in every word of this part Tell it with a station That controls us by fear Through leading our manipulation And the right way His drilling it over and over and to our hip That a rag has some Memphis of Memphis structure The loss of civil rights is a price that we're paying We're all suspects now, not the ash property I have nothing to hide Table talkers all are say isn't I know idiot, Kato don't ask Any reservation Out of broke metal ends We're a denial, they just hold machines Much lost and have a burden and scoped With no objection at all Till the crackdown have the balls and the right way We're feeling it over and over and over To our parade waspens I rag as a whip in the past The structure The film would yell like me Only I rag as a whip in the past The structure We find it in the up-knows Oh How about those alchidatized We find those yet? No, oh How about some old polka dot blue ties? Anyway, it was real bad about Dr. Bob and started to fact that George is trying to make light of it Because George is hard bit in asshole What he is, and George? What's your point? I said cut the crap Hey the mad dogs coming up next We got Marlon's baseball this afternoon Bye bye The weather's so unclicative So you can wear it I am in four larges