Did any of them have her one-spig grades? How many coats did I come in? He hated the tan foot bad, but he said Paul these he hates him worse Who's tan foot? He was the tan foot and he was the president of U.M. What would you do if your name was tan footing? Cut it off. I would just be I would just ruin my day I'd be tap dancing. Oh speaking of tap dancing. I hear that Moe is on the case of sternum are booking to be in town for a week Yeah, like I believe that and you're gonna have to go and play golf with him No, we could give him company. What kind of crap is that? It's a middle of the summertime even a cockroaches have bailed out for the summer And this man's got a week vacation He went off with me anymore. He got all the answers. He wanted out of me the first time when I was hitting on 12 year olds on his course That's right. You heard me correct. I heard it. I saw some chick playing out in her backyard with no clothes on I didn't care old she was You see he could the one reason he's hanging around all week as he's monitoring now. Feversly. He can't do it when he's out of town I want the monitor all the other shows while he's in tuck as if anybody mentions his name He will be calling in Your job is a vacation Plus you got him so paranoid now And we've been talking about you back and up and doing six to ten if he hasn't dearly Because it's kind of like a wally pif thing. You know, lo me your glove that kind of a deal If I did your show for the rest of the summer Everyone would be doomed. I'd probably take everyone's job. I'm not to get everyone who are their lives evil Are you you can do six to two? That sounds good to me. I can do like all day for all in the old We can just find there longer the checks keep coming and I'll just do a cameo once in a while I don't have any ego anymore. I just show up once in a great while get to check you do bedtime stories Then it seemed like their checks come once a month. I'm around this place Maybe just cuz the microphone smell like ass in the beginning in the beginning it's a little bit slow to like it's You catch up takes about six months You wouldn't even sit in the studio would you because it smells like ass. No, I would not especially knowing that most been squeezing his bag on a chair I wouldn't get anywhere near it. It's actually it's smell better when they let us eat in here Did did you see the the dancing dwarf mole on our website? Yes, I did that's a lovely thing Man, no for a guide. It's pushing 70 he has got energy that's just the never-and he's like an occasion Honey, I swear to God George looks like somebody had given him five animus since nine this morning He needed four or five anyways He went on sick today what we're gonna do is we're gonna have people calling rip his ass all day, which is good He's not here. I think Carlos is on age and George looks like he's got stars and like AIDS Uh-huh, he's dying many all these things. Yeah beard on one side of his face today That's how sick he was he shaved one side and he came in with the other one full That's right though you came in dead last in our pool What which really ordinarily would be good? The pool is the last thing I want to hear about him your larger show is the last thing sports winning hands down And you were dead last only 27 votes out of almost 17 hundred which is good Except the fact that by now I'd have thought you to piss a lot more people off than that Yeah, I'm just starting to piss people off I'm gonna win you got to work on it. I haven't even brought out my big gun jet I'm saying I'm going to another Maryland's game tonight. I'm sure that'll excite you. Oh Yeah, I heard about that. Yeah anybody want Marlin tickets we're gonna be giving him way the day for four hours Tonight is my one-off cop-off What I top off tonight It's hot you got a pair Hey there listen tonight is right here my pieces are slots I'm gonna keep this great face. He's laughing because he's not with his head. It's a you're only on for two hours And when you when you buy the last hour and a half would give it away Marlin tickets That's a piece of cake you're in show them well your question or everyone that calls up now Asking for tickets to the this is what we play now every time we hear someone call you are one pathetic loser That's really fun Have a lousy day and you hear you're done I'm not you know I should come in there with a bees but my gas is so bad. I had veal cutlets last night I'm against smell it dude. I think it fast the to jam and his pup a key can smell I think I did this morning was I farted on clearance his leg Although he did say that Paul these being a big fat tub smells a lot worse than he does I know if that's true or not cause I never met Paul these but he said he smells a lot worse than the beast Yeah, my only question is is any my any football player ever graduated? No Just if you can now if you could ask that question today what the average are you not in some chain? You again is that what you're doing? Not gonna jack factory the best thing that's happened at that school in the last five years Is not a shale of a finally cut off that hedge on her head Here's what your assignment is today. I want to drive have you ever been to you? I'm going to put my slutty meces the West Bombie chairboard. I want to clock Here's your assignment after you pick them up drive down Dixie Highway and try to find you of him if you can find University of Miami He'll give you a brownie points You'll never find I don't even know our coral gables It's what the head University of Miami doesn't exist. It doesn't it's just a football team There's no university there. No dormitories. There's no classrooms There's nobody who lives on campus. There's Mark Light Stadium. There's the athletic building and then there's They paid a baseball coach a million dollars. He's living in a freaking the president's house Yeah, I mean my god He's probably hanging over there with sister Jean the Marlins manager probably makes 50 grand They gotta go and I make some going to get our breaks in sky and allows you today. See yeah These says Bro And grateful that you would see me today. Yeah, me I most value defend for what reason do you bother me today? I want a station that I'm low What is thePlantra Reserve Cirque et's? It's a me man a buried mean man. Do you want it to be mine boy? He just said you not do have I know about the things I mean So good boy and the boy is for? The toy and the boy Where let's be? then I'm not a genius! Yeah! Okay, well, Ben do about time with some sesame seed, friends! What are you talking? Yeah, but the tuna was dead, didn't you? Not a dimension. And I'm talking. My joint is gonna be here. I'm feeling better. I'm not mo! I'm giving you a mo! I'm just filling it into the amboca bride. Oh, the bride! I must have got confused with you, you know? It looked like a noise. Yeah, that does, doesn't it? So, where's mo? Well, he knows Gildy put a contract out on him, so he's siding out at school, goodness. Yeah, and he's using Claire as for a human shoe. I know that, Gildy. Come on, let's go. I gotta dab the soap for the cat's paw. Okay, to the love bum! My punch card is full of the jewelry like another kippie-kothi. Yes. Thank you, you are. No, Claire, what do you say we blow this box down? For a little sport, hold the school's you to the doomsday. I really should get him backwards. Oh, don't say it like that. You know, I guess sports. I think sports. Sports. I don't want sports. No women, just a men. Yes. Give me a little bit. Oh, I got it. Then, digs up, Paul. I'll be hurting. Now, what about it? I need to show you, can say, ginger. Take off the pink chicken skin. Hey, everybody. Oh, this is great for me. Oh, my God. Yeah, it's dark. I'm like just, hunches. I'm in fun, man. Oh, this is the perfect time. You little assay. What are you doing outwagon fighting shields? Well, my wife likes it so much. Are you always dressed like this now? She's a little girl. You like it, you're better than me. Sports. Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. I'm a little girl. I'm a little boy. I'm a little boy. I'm a little boy. 10 past 10 at 5. 60 W to come. 10 past 10. It's almost break time already. I like that. That what we'll do is we'll keep for all until 10. 30 every morning from now on. I'm just back up to our three breaks. Then we're going to back to back. Sign by each. 17 at all in a beast. Are you seeing there? Yep. I want you to take back some of those terrible things you said about Paul D's. They're going to kick your ass off those baseball broadcasts. They're going to kick you right under the guy named University. It'll be person and on granted. They won't let you waddle under the field anymore. He said Paul D's was a big fat tub of crap. Who smells like to jam and said that University mommy was a jack factory. I heard you with Ferrell this morning. Come on. Here he's got nothing to say. I heard what you were saying. 1700 votes. I was just out sick today. That's why the beast is sitting in George's chair which I hope you got something a liner under your ass. Please. No. A cushion. No cushion. Nothing. Come on. Have clearance bring in a little wippy cushion. Put it on the chair. I'm sure when I come back to town, I'm sure it's how I'm on be sitting on a chair that you're smelly smugble leading the asses over and with God. So George is home to sick today. So we're going to invite people to call in and rip George an ass all day and tell us why they hate him. Now that's that's bad. Not bad when that being bad taste. No. Because he won't be listening anyway. He's home sick as a dog. We need a bad shape. He showed up this morning and then just was mone and grown and he looked horrible. He looked like death boiled over. But being the trooper that he is he actually, you know, put his little ass in the studio for a few minutes hoping he could do it. Couldn't cut it. So we got the beanie boy on one side and the beast on the other side. Probably the order and a few lunches wouldn't surprise me. What better do the break than we'll do the result yesterday. As all the ins today's poll will give you today's poll. We got our paragraph from my Hillary's book, a sentence or two. So that movie last night Bob Roberts would Tim Robbins and Susan Serrandon and Gorvidal and a bunch of other people. Do you see Bob Roberts? No. Must see. Must see, especially now. Everybody in America should be forced to watch that movie right now. It is out. I think standing. Great movie. Bob Roberts. Nobody there saw, though. No. Get with it. Bob and its past 10 at 5.60 WQM. It's the new Rogers 4th of July. Blowouts. I'll go in on this week from Tom Loon and Joe Prater. All the good people at Hell at Party AGMC. Here's Neil Deal number one. Get yourself 0% financing for 60. Did I mention that buddy hack it? By the way. I didn't mention that yet, which is the reason that I've played that damn bit. Buddy hack it, Stead. Neil Deal number one at Hell. It gets 0% financing for 60 months on every 2003 Party. The OLD number two. Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC in Potiac and Stock. Attention current and former military personnel. Get yourself an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Hell. Neil Deal number three. Least the new 2004 Grand Prix GT1 is a little as 289 bucks a month. It's a 36 month lease our friends at Hell. What do you all buy the tails? Neil Deal number four. Get an additional 500 bucks off some of the most popular GMC models. Including the on-voi you cut and Denali now through the July 4th weekend. Plus a GMC toolkit was supplies last. And right now at how you can test drive vehicle for 24 hours. That's correct. You can take it home. Take it to work. Take it to where it had you're going. From our friends at Hell at Potiac GMC. You'll find them at 134.01. Satxie Highway. That's on US when across from the falls. Open every day seven days a week. For more information on those Neil Deal's call our hotline. Tool free at 1 Tribal 8. 5344211. That's 1 8 8 8 53442. All Neil Deal submitted to credit approval. See our buddies at Hell at 4 details. Hall at Potiac GMC who be professional grade. And low. This is 42560. You're going to weigh him. Your gosh. First there was a big man. Then X-Men 2. Now there's a new team of superheroes who are shouting out against. You're on your own. Alright. Tool Rettsmen. Starring Patrick Stewart as their telepathic leader. I am Popeye Sop. I'm Popeye Sop. And I can read your back. I'm at mine. Hugh Jackman as Wolverine. I have receptible web claws and a metal book window skeleton. Look at that. And Hallie Mary as Scutter. Stop it. This is the name of a lot. Tool Rettsmen. They're fearsome. They're powerful. They're kind of embarrassing to be around. Thank you to X-Men for saving my life. Tool Valkyrie. What's this? Tool Rettsmen. Rated PG for. Puh! Going. That's 17 at 560WQ and we got 1714 votes on yesterday's poll. What a pretty goddamn big. If you ask me. By the way, buddy hack it died before we do that. Were you worthy to die? You die? If I could you ever see the beast and buddy hack it together? Hmm. Be a something to think about. Same person, I think. Vettron comedian Buddy Hackett. A talk show staple is career stretch from the early days of TV to such features as the Lovebug and Little Mermaid. Has died as family said today? Hackett was 79. Was found earlier in the day. It is Malibu Beach House's uncenty tool local LAMedia outlets. It says the cause of the death was out immediately. No, you don't know what I think was beast. What? Oh, oh. It's just something to think about. I think he died from fat all 79's not bad for a tub like he was. He was pretty fat. Buddy Hackett's feature credits also included the 1963 ensemble comedy. It's a mad, mad, mad, mad, mad world. Recently, co-starred an action. A critically acclaimed but short-lived TV series that set a rise to Hollywood. And it goes on about he was in this. It was in that. Everything's duckie in 62. The music man. The lovebug. The hit Disney cartoon Little Mermaid, which hack it played the voice of. Skuddle Lucie, go introduce to new generation of fans in 1989 and brought the role back up in years later when a directive video sequel. Buddy Hackett is dead at 89 at the time. Whatever. What a drop of like flies aren't they? Cats and Hepburn. Gregory Peck. Buddy Hackett. The beast. I'm Tonya. Lusomoi. Tubby. Lusomoi. If you didn't steal my food, I would. I wouldn't even dignify that with a response. 1720 votes on the yesterday's poll. The last thing I want to hear about. Or here on the new Roger show is. Starting from bottom to top. For real, they love for real. 27 votes. I'll all like I told him. That's a good sign but there's something missing there because if you. If you really do in the fool job that you should be doing you piss a lot more people off than that. You know what I'm saying? But that's right. You're not going to say anything because you're on a chill. 27 votes for for a lonely 1.5%. QAM office politics only 48. Wait on your near the bottom. Movies only 69. It's spite of that a little bit of fewer we had a couple of weeks ago. They love it. Color 72. That was a late edition but the college past movies. 72 people that want to hear no colors on this show. Music 88 to heat my music. Politics 90. Religion 93. Now all of those are like about 5% or less. Now we moved up to the real contenders things that they don't want to hear or hear about on this program. Absolutely. Whole Howard David at 1951. You know how George passed. Molecular. Like he was staying still. They definitely has the the for George. Yeah and we'll find out today. We're going to give them the opportunity because George is home sick and I guarantee he's so sick. He's not listening. There's no chance that he's listening to the show today. He's home with a hot water bottle and a vix and did this with his head. Stuff under the pillow. There's no way he's listening to the show. So feel free to call in and explain why George even beat out mole. That's amazing to me. Mole Howard David at 1951. George 203. And George was a late edition. Remember was the last 15 minutes or so we added like two or three categories. One damn George 203 started from nowhere and then like a runaway freight train passed mole like he was a Sending still. George 203. Hockey 228. Eating ass 270 for another George specialty and sports winning hands down a landslide sports even I want to hear it on the show of 238. Parent to top set. Good. Odee cut you off. Or not that upset yet. No, we're just as ready to say about that. Clarence cut him off. I'm seriously that picture of the two of you. That is that the caption of that picture should be pure bliss. I mean you both have to look on your face of the most unbelievable satisfaction. We enjoy each other. Do you really? Back to him. Okay, let's get back speaking of ass. Let's get back to hell of his book just briefly. Let me read a sentence or two. For on page two already. If this rate in a few years. Not third man. We'll be done with this book. We don't want to overwhelm you with it because it's pretty damn boring. Hillary says, I'm still amazed at how my mother emerged from her lonely early life as such an affectionate and level headed woman. She was born in Chicago in 1919, her father Edwin John Hall of Juniors as Chicago firefighter and his wife, Delam Murray, was one of nine children from a family of French Canadian, Scottish and Native American ancestry. My maternal grandparents were certainly not ready for parenthood. Delah essentially abandoned my mother, which he was only three or four, leaving her alone for days on end with meal tickets to use at a restaurant near their fostery. Walk up a permanent Chicago south side. Edwin paid sporadic attention to her better at bringing the occasional gift like a large doll wanted a carnival than it providing any kind of home life. I'm stopping right there, okay? And that more than enough to keep us on the end of our seats. I'm stopping right there. Pretty little yellow and then I'm okay. We're almost done with page two of the Hillary book. It blows. Please do yourselves a favor. You know who are buying that book? The same silly women who sit around watching Oprah. There are those that people buying the Hillary book. There are no men, no real men buying the Hillary book. I bought it only because I know how bad this audience wants to hear it. Okay, let's get to today's poll. Let's start building this so soccer and then also quit. I'm amazed we don't have every line with up people on a rip George and ass. See, they'll do it on the poll, but they're afraid to tell us why. What it is about George that they don't like, that they dislike so much intensely. I hear the poll today which actor or actress would cause you absolutely not to see a movie that they're in. Here's the list we have so far. Sandra Bullock, Will Smith, Leo de Caprio, Robert Downey Jr. Christian Slater, Millani Griffith. That was a yours, Viner. He's on the phone. What do you mean he's on the phone? Don't answer those calls. I'll get to them. With who would want? Sure. You put Millani Griffith on there, right? Patrick Swazie and Wuppy Goldberg. The only inspiration was I was channel surfing here this morning on my movie channels and there was a movie with Wuppy Goldberg and Ted Danson who I believe is her husband. Aren't they married? No. They were called out for a while. They're married. They're in Idaho. What do you mean by that? Because he's white and she's got to be a lot. He has no personalities. Get a bad wig. Yeah. What do you use to work on a show where the guy had no personality and a bad wig? Look what it did for you. Got you elevated all the way up to the for real show. Anyway, let's go. Let's go. Don't start interrupting, man. You are really. You are getting a little out of control. That's what that's your. That's the problem with you. A little bit out of control over the top. It comes in like a hurricane. Oh. Which actor actor now you got one for the list based? I'm thinking. Okay. Which actor actress would cause you absolutely not to see movie. In other words, if you heard about the movie and thought, well, maybe it might be something I'm interested and then you found out this person was in it. You would just absolutely not go. Sandra Bullock will smith Leo to Camprio. I would I I may have to change my vote on this to Leo. Robert Downey Jr. Christian Slater Melanie Griffith Patrick Swazie Wuppie Goldberg. That's what we have so far. Now that call it's on hold and Miami is online six. I just mention it. Here's Miami. Hello. Georgia the city of intellectual. The whispering guy. A.K.A. the same as send this. You know, we discovered yesterday. It's a little slow on the uptake that we've got about six colors. We've got about six colors. And each one of them does like 15 different voices. That's a different stick, you know. Why are you so negative? Why are you so hostile? And then we got the whispering guy that we just had. And then we got we're tired. That guy. And each one of them does like a whole they have a whole repertoire. Which is pretty amazing. Pretty pond. Which they have no life. God. Come to the Q.A.M. You're like to get on the air. You're on right now, sir. Yeah. You said you wanted to watch your origins. Why? Because like George. Right. Give me one funny thing that guy has said since he's. And I'm waiting. When did we say he was funny? I'm just saying he's not entertaining. Part of his entertainment being funny. You make some people laugh. Right. Doesn't make anyone laugh. It's really interesting. No. We didn't office. Pulling our office. Top five radio personalities on your station. One. Yeah. Number two. Neil Rogers. Yeah. Number three. Well, number four ready for this. The big go. And the big go. Wow. Number five. Goldberg. Have a good one. Okay. Thanks. Okay. We're having X. Huh? Where was Howard on the pole? Moved and make it. Well, I was number two behind the mad dog. Oh, right. So I feel really honored with that. For now, number three. Goldberg. Who lost this first name? Now, let's see. What's the schedule today? It's the first. What's the day by the way? Happy Canada day to all of us. We got the mad dog at two. Humphrey in the studio at four. And we got another one of those Marlin games. See, not only they, not the not playing the last place team, but the playing team was number. They got the brave. So you know, they're going to win these games. Most of them. Like last night. Braves at the Marlins. It's another for Rell Knight. More free tickets tonight. Several five. Any key follows the baseball game to a Mark overnight. No, I forget the good news is you might want to get up early for this. No, Mo. For the next week. He's on vacation. No, Mo. See, got guilty solo tomorrow. And I bet you somebody we know is real happy about that. Twenty. Twenty seven past ten at five sixty WQM. Your hate station. We just hate everybody. And they all hate us. And that's what makes it so much fun. See, George ain't funny. And he's not entertaining. And he's not interesting. But I think he's pretty good. But now you've been here to about Laman. It's a rush and how laminated wood flooring from Laman. It's a rush is the easy low maintenance alternative to expensive natural wood flooring. Laman. Laman's a rush is the best place for you to find laminated wood flooring from all the top names. Peridot, Pergaro Wilson art, Uniflore and Quickstep. If you have all the top names all installed by Pergos certified installers, here's another good reason why I got to be installing. Laman is our us stuff right now. Their prices will positively floor you right now. You can get there some special for just nineteen hundred ninety five bucks. That is correct. Just nineteen hundred ninety five bucks for up to three hundred eighty square feet of beautiful. Lamanated wood flooring at this positively. Absolutely. On the light like I said, in Lamanates arouse will match any legitimate written offer to. For a free and home estimate called Lamanates arouse toll free. Tell them that crusty ancient Neil told you call one eight seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six. What could be easier? Freak carpet disposal. Freak furniture moving at twenty five year warranty. And years and eons of beautiful easy care Lamanate wood flooring. Call Lamanates arouse today toll free one eight seven seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six. Five six is five six. Three of those yours. You. You. This one. See that all you people know. How a stone or spear. Oh. You know. We are high. We ask them out. You're going to have so glorious. And the kingdom is curious. So I ask them out. We can't. But the people are so long to buzz. The my friends. The love of the pot every day. Even now we just can't stop one day. We even took up for the top. For the big bad who does say. I plant my seeds. See. For my weed weed. We. We should. Free. We. We. I plant my seeds. See. For my weed weed weed. For my bones. There's me. It's my. That's my. Baby. That's my. The. I love when I smoke the. Just like you can. I get. That. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. Yeah. I. The. Okay. In. Yeah. It's the. The. Yeah. Oh. And. I. I. God. And. But. And. Okay see I figured if I played that to the beat. Maybe we can like, listen if you will story. Yeah this morning I'm gonna stand for you. I'm gonna hear it inside story. What do you want to know about your days on the motial? I don't think you want to know about your story. You will really? This is like a tell-all. This is like a new operation. Okay this is a beast tell-all day. Oh okay now why is if that he can't you ask off that show? Uh because I wasn't focusing my full attention on him. Yeah. He needs a lot of attention. You weren't servicing him sufficiently? No it was during football season. I had a lot of stuff to do and I had a lot of work to do and he didn't like that. And you also, unprofessional. And I basically disagree with how he did things. Listen. Well like we would have a guest. You know I would line up a guest that he wanted me to go in the air. And he would be on hold. And instead of going to the guest you, let's go to a joe and a mobile. Really? Like take a collar before he went to a guest. That sounds really unprofessional to me. Yeah well. Anything else? Don't stop now. I'm sure there's more. I've been trying for months to squeeze this crap out of you and you're like, you know, always that lip sealed. You have nothing to lose. Now you're off a show. You're not gonna be going back on. Yeah I know. Plus of course all the horrible things you used to do. You could even, you can't even imagine. The body, give us a clue. What would the t's give us a clue such as what things we can say on the ear? No there's nothing he said can be sound there. Now you see on a one hand if we take the cue from yesterday's pool on one hand. A very large number almost as much as George said they don't want to hear about more how we're David on the show. But on the other hand, way down near the bottom of things that they we need to do. And that's all right. And you know, I'm going to go to a show. But on the other hand, way down near the bottom of things that they we need to do on here about inside QA and politics. So what happens to be involving with him? I guess they'll overlook that. See what I'm saying? 25 early votes on his pool, which act your actress would cause you absolutely not to see movie they're in. What if he Goldberg 11? I have no problem with that. I might have voted for her except she's all we're got 13 now. Like I said, Leo de Caprio, he got my vote nine. He gives me the willys. I can't stand even looking at him. Will Smith five, Patrick Swazy three, Robert Downey, Jr's got a pair, Sandra Bullock's got to. I, that bothers me. I think she's cute. I mean, the movie she is in a lot of more like two, a little two cute, see, you know what I mean? But she is okay. She's cute. She was in a good movie two weeks. I was pretty good with two grand. In fact, she was even in a good movie with Ben Affleck, which I can't stand him either. But what was the name of that movie? Was that 28 days? 28 days? No, it wasn't. Wasn't he in train spotting? Wasn't he in the bowl? I didn't see that movie. Good. Don't ever see that. No, anybody that eats as much as you do. Although, you know, it might be a new diet. You might want to try it. The new diet, watching train spotting. Just before you're ready to eat. About five minutes in when you get to the scene where he, where he, I don't want to go into it. He has this repository. What is this an open, a repository? Is that what it is? Right. And well, he gets the urge and he goes in this real dive. This bar with a filthiest toilet we ever seen in your life. And he goes in and takes a look at it and is ready to just gag. But he's got to go so bad. He sits down. Empty's everything out. And now he remembers as you've got to walk away that he's lost his opium anima, his, uh, repository. Is in the bowl. Well, I'll leave it to your imagination. Okay, at that point is when I stop watching. Michael Parase got one, which George mentioned that I didn't even it was on her yet and Christian's flavor has none out of our first 35 votes. People who win a movie if you found out they weren't, you just wouldn't go see it. I think I have one. Go ahead. Frantr Escher. But she doesn't do movies, does she? The name? Oh, she doesn't. Oh, she's so, no. No wonder he kicked you off that show. You're, you're, we're doing one thing and you're like, at a whole, this isn't TV. Okay, I agree with you. She makes me gag. But she's not a, she doesn't do movies, Frantr Escher. She's the freaking nanny. Eddie Murphy. You hate Eddie Murphy then. Now he's like, Mr. Family man. I don't see that. Eddie Murphy. A guy like you who goes a big U.M. football supporter doesn't like Eddie Murphy. A lot of the brothers are going to take a personal exception to that. So the V's votes for Eddie Murphy will add that one on there. We're just building this as we go. Okay, because I'm sure there'll be many. And we're also fighting. By the way, the guy that caught from his office that took the poll. Do you know how many people run the office? How about this Tim? Just him. Yeah, we took a poll in your office. And the mad dog was number one. You were number two. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT. We're doing screenless because V no boys got many, many stories to put on our website today. By the way, everybody be sure to check out dancing dwarf mo. He is just loaded with energy and never stops. He just keeps on going and going. Takes a look and keeps on. WQAM. Hello? Yes, man. Nice to meet you. You're speaking to him. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Now, maybe would be forces of nature. I think the one would be an asslock and stand or pull it. No, that was kind of a cute movie. I don't think she's too bad. But one person I can't stand is Madonna. I don't know what it is. Yeah. But he's a slut. And if they put George in movies, I probably won't watch those. Yeah. I mean, I'm sorry. I mean, he's a good guy and everything. But to listen to him is like, like, it's a good sleep. I was listening to him. He's a little coma inducing is what you can. Yeah, I don't. I mean, I'm looking forward to Tuesdays and Thursdays and summer. Ah, the rest of the time I have to tune out. Do you really? Unfortunately. Yeah. But don't you feel bad saying that knowing that he's really very, very sick. Yeah. Yeah,�. Kind of choses and a different kind of feeling when it came to change, I think cheering could be only smell. He felt sorry. He felt sorry when they came into the customized room. No way. Talking about healing. Oh, I got a story of the verse. Tamam. Huh, I still can't take it back. But Šiamomade character. Okay. But also if I could go back, a couple more months. I'll try getting in, and then let's take it into account for the rail Thank you. We're gonna send for a lot there this afternoon. That's what we'd are. I have a great holiday. Bye-bye. It's Canada Day here. Oh! We're having a great time, eh? Let's see how much sliced the long junk revolve to two more good ones. You put these on? Who's the entourage of this now? How many of them? That's right. No, I'm good. Well, that's good. You've got a lot to compensate for it. Last couple of weeks. You've got a lot of tracks to cover up. Slice the long junk revolve to two excellent choices. Sally Field is good. I'm not a big Sally Field fan. Adam Stannians? Who's that? I have no idea. Anybody know who that is? How about Adam Sandler? Adam Sandler is a good one. I can't stand Adam Sandler. Which again leaves me out. See, I guess that's custom in old fart. He's not funny. He's dumb and he's just an idiot. He's just the movies he's in a wrong stupid. Stupid. Now let's get Adam Sandler, Rhiner, and Kiana Reeves is a good choice. Adam Stannians, who's the one you've been standing? It's a Stannians. Who is that? Stannians. I don't know. Well, I don't know. Put them on there. Just because somebody put it on a list. Well, I've a list of 50,000 if we do that. Let's see, George probably would have known that Ted Dances married to Mary Steenberg in the Beast's Deboot of Common Knowledge. Yeah, but Ted Dances was gone with Wopy Goldberg. Seriously. They were in a movie together. But I don't think they were gone on there. You're wrong. You're wrong. They were doing something. They at least showed it to each other. That's when they started going out when they did that movie together. But anyway, he's married to Mary Steenberg. And by the way, he makes me sick too, Ted Dances. I don't know what his story. I can't stand. Let's see. Here's one that says George is a femme. He's a limpo imp and has a gay accent. I thought we already transcended that a long time ago. He does sound like a flag on a year. It's not quite a big thing. In fact, I sound. That's why George George's to be produced to show us because he makes me sound so much more macho. Same reason their Clarences hanging out with the, I mean, the beast's hanging out with Clarence. Because by comparison, you seem so damn booked, you know. If you look at Clarences face and I picture the two of you on our website, he looks, he looks like he is just in fact, I swear. I saw him in a parade that says Sunday, right here in Toronto. Had to be him. Was waving his palm palms. He had his little ear and mouth put on. He was, he was cute as could be. She can his little vacuum in a year. He was just in here. We were bonding. Were you really? Yeah. How was it? It was George. Or it quick, but good. 10, 4, 10, 4, he won. Seriously, look at that picture. Look at the expression on his face. If he doesn't look, he looks even greater than a bishop from a palm beat that they sent up to Boston. Who looks like he's going to float away. He looks like a screemer. This bishop. Did you see his piss? She's a real lady. That one. Any of how malleys that his name? Oh, malleys. They're all name O'Malley and Sullivan and whatever. 10, 42 at 5, 60, WQM. Let me tell you about a place where you're going to find some great food, very low prices and big fresh delicious portions. I know you got to know it's the pizza law. Pizza law is legendary and so forth. They've been around a very, very long time. And I go on stronger than ever because the food is consistently great. That's one of the things that impresses me about a good restaurant. It's not good on Monday and media. Around Thursday and maybe okay on Sunday. It's the same great good stuff every day of the week. No matter when you go in. And they're open for lunch, dinner, late night snacks in both Broward locations. The original Broward spot is on University, drive between Griffin and 595. Right beyond Perworn imports and kitty corn with the normal to look at a. And you'll find delicious Italian goodies. Whatever you like, they got chicken dishes and meal and seafood. Three different kinds of fantastic pizzas. So that'll best around anywhere. Calzone, super subs, garlic rolls just dripping with garlic, all your favorite pasta dishes and lots more to. For take out delivery and catering call in the day v nine five four nine one six eighty eight eighty nine five four nine one six eighty now the same great deals the same delicious food waiting for you out by me in plantation. Long overdue and was probably a good joint. Pizza law is on a corner of Navajo and sunrise right behind Walgreens call nine five four three eight two ninety nine three eight two ninety nine for a great snack or delicious meal anytime. Take the whole gang to the world flaming pizza law. Julia. What's L. S. Kornul of a Q. M. So I play around the golf with Modi other day. And the go to his house to pick him up. I only been the most house once. Let me put it this way. Yeah, it's not exactly a house. It's a century village condo in North Boca right off Lions Road, it can really blow about unit thirteen or two and the thirteen four. Uh, well, well, all the look in the abandoned shuffleboy. Go. Oh, well, what could he have paid for that? 30 grand. Oh, well, well, well, he invited me up. So I knock and he yells for me to come in. And I get this. He was sitting at the dining room table under an autograph picture of himself sitting at the dining room table with another picture of himself in that picture. What a graph of himself sitting at a dining room table. He's not a serious train. I'm in sharecropping. It looked like the set on magic game. I had old people cheesy smell. You know, they tried to cover it up with that. What had called a Prince match of Valley. I'm going to steal stinks like that cheesy Valley. That's it. Well, you should see all the panties. He had an adopt dress. I draw it. There will cover a no-pick as a lo-janko-be. Who the hell do you think you are? My personal piece, why don't you air? What do you think you're going to put some more on me? Well, I got those for you, pal. You got to get up pretty early in the morning and put one over on me. Even early in now. Oh, I'm trying to help. Someone pull this. Putting my hands, but it'll. Let's go. taking looking these pants. Oh, look at this one. Prolares. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, OK. All the crap you can unwrap, all the slime, all the time. That'solutely. That's 48.5.60. WRM, I'm thinking about this whole deal, you know, at a summer schedule coming up. And as long as we're unleashing in Georgia's narrative thing. Yeah. We ought to talk about this on a year, I mean, I did mention it and that they were Just hamming and hoeing and well, maybe for L.A.D. a couple hours one day a week or maybe every day He would like do do noon Monday Wednesday and Friday that he's that I'm not there and back and forth and on and on finally yesterday I thought we had this thing resolved Because evidently he was looking for a little more cash. I really don't know what the real story is because I can't get it out of anybody Me certainly not gonna he's not that stupid that he's gonna volunteer to do it for free Because one thing you've all discovered everybody that works there a QA and if you volunteer do something for free You're never gonna get paid for it right Miguel see see Never gonna get paid expect you keep volunteering just like the Reinsid But anyway, what does she do it in the mirror range does anybody know? She gets us free stuff. He sidechased Miguel up and down a hall. What does she do? Let's see look at this here's a good one from Richard Cranium When I even see a preview with Adam Sandor I run from the theater's streaming and puking Get Adam Sandor on her he makes me nauseous and the people who watch his movies make me really sick too a lot of whom are the sports nerds to listen to the sports shows on QAM Let's see please vote Hillary's book because if she sells more than a million Tucker Carlson's promised eat issues on cross-friessa I would tune in see that When Catherine Hepburn was interviewed by a Diane Surrier recently and asked about her belief on the afterlife He basically said when you're dead your dead nice gone Kate have a nice rest Here's our Dallas chronic facts. Who says you have to watch Adam Sandor and punch drunk love a great great movie I normally can't stand his movies, but this one is nothing like the rest you love this movie It's as weird as Magnolia and his beautiful is wrecking per dream I couldn't believe that the Oscars look past this movie was nothing like I've ever seen it's the last facts I'll send for a while All right, so I don't want to become chronic it was critically-flavie says Bacho in Dallas. I beg your pardon punch drunk love. Yeah. What what does that mean critically a clean? What what does that mean? That means that it was supposed to be one of the best in the pit of films to come out Wait wait get back to what we're gonna do here on Monday Wednesday and Friday starting next week since it's already Tuesday And the app hours that be a QM keep drag and air feed. I really don't know what actually happened there Now there are a lot of concerns that we have we know that everybody loves for real right and They probably would like a ghost the numbers up a little bit more than what George and so many people hate George like poison But on the other hand see the way I look at it is this if he's gonna lose the station His license let him do it on his own show you know I'm saying After all these years that I put an I don't want it to be known that the station lost their license on something that happened during my watch you follow to Can't drum yeah, it's it's a condom So that's one thing to think about the other thing is he's a sweet as a sports show Now if he filled in a show obviously he wouldn't be talking about sports and given way Marlon tickets I would hope but on the other side of the coin if he wasn't talking about sports Then he'd be talking about certainly ass right Oh my right for other things yeah, he would have not not not other things Why me ass is a general topic? I'm not just talking about a body part I'm just talking about ass in terms of definitely a TNA so if he's on here talking TNA again in his show God only knows where that's gonna lead so I really don't know what's gonna happen. I thought we had it settled yesterday But I'm a little bit concerned because the audience that pull me to guess the the hate level against George is so great You follow what I'm saying? Not a personal thing. It's business it definitely is not personal we like George every now and then But the audience just seems to be repulsed and grossed out and tuned out Which we don't want to do even though it is the summer book and everybody claims we don't care about the summer book But believe me they do 5670560 pound 560 on a AT&T line What actor actress would you would cause you not to see a movie if they were in it? What they goberg 37 can we talk about Ross the people? I love getting you to a alcohol. Why do I cause they're your dealers? Okay, so now obviously you like them. No seriously. I can't look at them now that doesn't make me a racist But it's just you're not supposed to talk about these things. I find it physically I can't look at it. You don't like reds And especially like the eras the they roster Drug dealers in Amsterdam. They look like they haven't had a bath before Jesus was a baby That was part of the religion it's the spirituality god Maybe they're afraid if they grab the soap they might drop it that could be part of it Or here's another one I don't think this is a movie guy though is it John Witter? I guess he's done a few movies Yeah, I can't stay in John Witter. I think he floats two by the way Any time I see a movie or TV show that has a minute I immediately change it out. He makes money in show business. How he does it is beyond me Honorable mentioned Bruce Willis who I can only watch if I know he dies in the film It's good. Yeah, they both belong on their John Witter and Bruce Willis I would have voted for Bruce Willis had I not had so many other good choices Here's one it's got not a see again. Why are you sitting me long lists long lists long list? I'm a watch long list tick one sorry Oh, was this yours? No, I but I sent that to you. Well, don't know if they're give me a whole bunch of no need to waste that my thanks paper Anyway, we'll be Goldberg 37. We wouldn't watch him over with her and I would agree with that Leo to Capio 26 Patrick Sleazy 14 Will Smith 13 Sandra Bullock 11. I I feel bad about that But then again, that's why we asked the pull the question is to find out what the people think that what I think and I'm Sanver five Robert out of junior five Michael per A four Why is Michael per A so disturbing he was an Eddie and the cruisers? I don't even know who he is You didn't see any in the cruisers? Yeah, so he was Eddie the main guy. What else he was been in though? How big are you pardon what else has he been in to virtual sites? I didn't see he's not bad They don't like him. He's a frog. Maybe that's why they hate him Slice the loan for Sally in the field to Ted Danson to Melanie Griffith one Eddie Murphy's one at yours Christian Slater one in John Riffo to a none Christians later in John or hold Yeah, but they'll get some Building a tremendous list which is one of the reason a lot of us don't see as many movies as we would like Although at least at least when you go into your DVD story and you got a great selection there You can avoid like to play oh that one's in there sorry not buying it don't forget Bob Roberts must see 567.0560 pound-fant-alienine caution of observed WQAM There he is. What I tell you see I know now just by the number of the line that's ring I know exactly who it is WQAM Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir I think of the long-time you're listening Mickey Rork and Sam Elliott Okay, he has outside of Barfly which was Pretty decent movie Mickey Rork was in I can't stand a watchman anything Yeah, he makes me nauseous. Just hearing his voice makes me sick and awesome God and after the plastic surgery even looked better Anyway, how you can today and thanks a lot, Pally I don't come from a place with somebody says My I'm gonna walk away okay. I don't know maybe you're from the different planet Okay Mickey 567.0560 pound five 60 on a AT&T and T and Verizon Wireless line Maybe we'll hear from somebody who likes George on the air today if you think no one or two come on you can do it He needs your support. He's sick. He ain't feeling good. WQAM Hey, you yes, sir. How are you? Great This is a mobile kungyo in less pub and I can't all right I can't go through the day without listening to you and for L Actually, my name's two names for your list. Okay. Kato Reeves Kano Reeves, right and Julia Roberts Julia Roberts overrated But she actually if he was in a movie you wouldn't go see it. Yep. I'll be damned I haven't seen anything but the one that she was with With her husband sleeping with the enemy. Yeah, you didn't like that movie Hey, I was all right I think you I think you're probably wrong his side Oh, yeah, that would be all right. Yeah, you're rooting for him. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally. All right, back. Have a great day He likes Neil and Scott. So I'm thinking that Scott ought to be filling in for me. I'm under Wednesday and Fridays don't you Sounds a good idea and George be the I don't know. I mean, Clarence and I had a little chat yesterday, but again that was before you Pleasured Clarence, so he was in kind of a surly mood Squirtch court, but once you and he had a little interlude in the afternoon he might have like loosened up a little bit so to speak He might be feeling a little bit different about Scott. I don't know. I mean, the see the problem is that Don't volunteer to do something unless you really want to do it. You know, don't don't give us the big T's if he wants to Do some filling it would certainly help the ratings. There's no question about that. He could salvage for us a really good summer book But on the other side of the coin They're probably gonna have to pay him. You think they want to pay somebody extra probably not Knowing the way they operate or maybe they can just give him some extra Marlin tickets 567 0560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line. I see a gigantic crowd just a little over 11000 an ounce Were you the game last night beast? I was actually and now how many people really were there? I don't know 6000 maybe 7000 maybe and you know since this is America's team that's in town right now that some of those people were like mole for example Were brave spans So we're talking maybe there were 5600 Marlin fans here last night against the first place team Marlins are now back to 500 again. He'd been playing pretty damn good. They those exciting games with a red socks over the weekend Nobody cares. I just mention that in passing nobody cares 1058 at 560 WQM for years. I've been telling you about a really good product. I'm taking it myself now and you ought to be doing the same It's called olio med olio med soft shells contain the best olive oil you've ever even heard of that you've dreamed of it's not just a ordinary olive oil It's super concentrated loader with health benefits Olio med in your pussy every day can reproduce the risk of heart disease high cholesterol and all sorts of bad things plus there are 14 different Oryumet formulas that you can choose from each one combining the best olive oil going with vitamins and minerals and herbal So support specific needs from your bones to your blood pressure which is the one I'm taking to your immune system Just pick the formulas that are right for what you need now. There are three brand new olio med formulas One to help you sleep. What a happy control your weight and so cute 10 for your heart pick up some olio Med while you're doing you shoppened a day because it's basically in stores all over town pick it up at public's Echards Walgreens whole food markets and a virus in Sadamos or you can order it online if you like it Olio med america dot com if you want more info on these great products and what they can do for you and where to stick them call toll free one eight six six olio med That's one eight six six six six five three sixty six thirty three don't forget for better health start poppin some olio med in your push right away youポ Huawei Father Be here I You're gonna save that when it comes to your bag as they bake your board that tray Right wing Nazi Republic in mother Well, just ain't enough just have rock feeling the airways with hate me the radio was permeated with the lights Dr. Lauraville, Andrew and Michael Reagan They call the clear channel cost are clearly out to make the message clear are you sure the right wing Nazi Republican mother That roll right wing Nazi Republican mother Or all the table talking it is to go to get any Matter married to whatever they are told to believe and worship George is there king Right wing Nazi Republican mother Well The Democrat who crap their pants like a child that is scary booby A very much color who should go home and shut up, but he don't have a clue what he's doing The Democrats have a death wish when it comes to the sky and you go they will run and you can color them done If they run jolly, they're mine Right wing Nazi Republican mother They're all right wing Nazi Republican mother Who get a dignity if it is a them that's getting a juicy horror Just remember what I said when it comes to your back They make you bored that train Right wing Nazi Republican mother They're all right wing Nazi Republican mother They're all the table talking to the Democratic Party at five sixty will be just run away with okay I just can't stand looking at her and I think a lot of people share that you know See one thing about my philosophy is if you really want acceptance you know minorities are always screaming Oh everybody's picking on me. Nobody wants us to be equal But if you want me to like you or like even tolerate you don't look like a freak You know it's like a lot of these screamers that were in these gay pride parades over the weekend and believe you me I got some idea what that's all about and the ones that are really just missing it like kind of clearance looks in that picture beast Tell me about you have a little bit By the way, I was just in the kitchen Yes, and there's a sign on both sort of machines that says clean cans before drinking Woo What does that tell you? Maybe the mung from most bags like proliferating it to the air and it's like seeping it to everything now You have to like wash off the top of the can unless you get some of the mung on your lips I think they think that you touched the machines when you're back here and you give them the you know I see I didn't realize you were talking about me Maybe there's some sars on somebody's can Braccombe like a course or something on his can or hearing to you that like his brain Now this thing you just facts me for what is this from New York, New York, New York, what is that a magazine? No idea some asshole in fact whoever said this to me is an asshole Michael I don't want to read your last name on a year asshole Requiem for a dream Mr. Cranky is the name of the guy that reviews this so the fact that his name is Mr. Cranky tells me probably doesn't like anything His review of Requiem for a dream which I wouldn't waste my time reading because it's one of the best movies ever saw in my life Just about I would say 95% of the people who have seen it that I've talked to on and off the show agree with me It's just fabulous. I can't find the unedited version of the word does got it because I gave it to him when I was there. I mean the movie Hey, I'm loaded to you, but be sure and I washed it off But anyways, his Aaron oski's movie illuminates an issue was any person with an IQ bigger than her shoe size already knows. Oh well So in other words, there has to be something new and revealing I'd love to know what movie that was that gave us an insight into something that we never knew anything about Well, which movie was that like the godfather godfather must also be crappy because it illuminates the mob Which we never knew anything about the mob did we but a stupid mr. Cranky hey Michael take mr. Cranky and go out and do a little hanky panky Okay, we're little spanky Well, you're wanky. God that's sad Like everything here. It's like people say well, I didn't like it because it wasn't realistic Well whoever said that any movie was realistic or like TV like soap operas are realistic whoever said that God, what about your assholes? It's called entertainment It's either entertaining interesting riveting amusing something but entertaining 560560 pound like all of the things that George evidently is not Now why are they picking on him so bad? I guarantee before this show ended to somebody will call in and say we can't wait to your George on Monday You watch Are you thinking he's too sick to call? W to Q I am Everyone on you. Yes sir I was going there. All right Just a little bit you guys doing trans music and amazing again I'm gonna run I hear you cutting your you're cutting it and I've been hearing it all morning Yeah Yeah Yeah, first I thought it was a radio but then I got it Running a limited number of watts today I'm sure the man Cause it's your life Yeah, it's the first to do live we don't want to spend too much money We know there's nobody in town so we cut the wattage down A deal. I get it. Get it. It's no three questions. Yeah I I have a great day. Have a great time doing it 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQAM Could I take the nail please speaking Oh, no Oh, how are you doing? Great Good Oh my god couple for you. That I can't spend Martin Mort Chris Rock Chris Rock I'd rather speak a pencil than my eye Okay, okay now Any comments on George? Profileman Oh You're in my mind I know that George have a good weekend Okay I mean, at least he got right to the point and be around a bush Here's a facts from Sam who says Steven Sigal he's the worst actor on the face of the planet My possibly be gay he runs like a woman I've had a lot of like a vote like Clarence We get all of these on there of course Okay John Claude Van Damme. Yeah, he makes me I mean Well, I can't imagine that would watch him movie he's in all the way. I have seen movies he's in so what does that mean? Anyway, his thick is Heinz accent wouldn't line readings An noticeable lack of humor and irony mark him is one of the world's worst actors and you are I'm so really correct Thank you, Sam and Kendall you got your thumb right on it. I have one to add now. Now here's one at bothers me a lot Steve and Key West says and especially for guy and Key West to be sadness bothers me greatly What about Freddy Prince Jr? He's never been anything but teenage swill. Why I happen to like his teenage swill I like Freddy Prince While we're at it how about his wife Sarah Michelle Geller There's a whole group of these young Hollywood people make nothing but garbage Ryan Philippe What was wrong with Ryan Philippe in the gun movie? Well, what does that movie? Way of the gun. I must write that a couple lines. There's a damn good movie And he switt his phone the whole gang from Scooby do summer catch down to me, etc So Stephen Key West he can't stand these people I grew and you respect for I grew and you respect for right for leap after way of the gun Now it was a good movie and he was good in it. I have one The rock The rock is in movies. Yeah, unfortunately. Oh, and he used to play football at UM some of that Oh, another UM on UM Jack Factory. That's what the beast calls it now I'm so proud of the beast this more. It's one of these we let him come in and fill in for a six George today's because he finally came out of the closet the beginning of a rail show and admitted that Paul these a Fact-tub a crap and at UM is nothing more than a junk factory and that nobody ever grabbed no football play ever graduated from that school And they call it some ten you for good reason. Nice go on beast. We're proud of you Plus you don't want to be on those games with the Zagaki anyway, did you? Isn't the embarrassment fact you're just unbelievable? Oh my oh my humiliating and degrading. He's very exciting. He's an exciting guy on old penis face 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line which actor actress would cause you to absolutely not see him We'll be if you find out there in it. We'll be goldburg 50 Leo to capital 37 Patrick's ways he's 17 will Smith 17 Sandra Bullock 13 I'm just as mad about that. It's ruined my day Adam Sandra 11 Slice the low nine Robert down a junior eight Melanie Griffith five Michael per A five what he got against poor Michael per A Oh, he's a frog said dance and four Bruce Willis just went on and he's already got three Sally feel three Eddie Murphy to Mickey work to hey, how you doing Mickey he listens Christian Slater one John Ritter one John provol to one can or Reeves has got one, but nobody can find it yet same Elliott and Judy Robert don't have any yet Junior Roberts I think it's it's like a new thing people like picking on her. I think it's a personal thing But as far as the an actress I'm okay, so maybe she's overrated, but she's still been some pretty good movies. You don't think sleep over the enemy was a good movie? I thought it was a damn good movie. I thought it was chillin She was also in that other one which was the attorney that I think she wants some kind of academy. I don't know if it was an Academy award. What was the name of that Aaron Brock? Aaron Brock was it? I didn't see that Aaron Brock a bitch. That was a pretty good movie. She did great at that movie. Didn't he play for the Washington camps? Five six seven don't be doing how hockey talk now. That was one of the worst things on yesterday's pool was pretty revealing pool. I thought that was one of the we had on over 1700 votes They said the things that we don't ever want to hear past your lips is about sports Definitely including hockey was number three. What was number two? Am I gonna have to dig that out of the Schmidt can again? What was number two? Sports Soarge Now George was fourth I think was hockey was third. What the hell was number two? Well, well come up with it. I'm sure that Eric will probably like give your buzz. Five six seven oh five six George was up there though. He was like in the top five him and Mo. I'll tell you something we want to talk about right now That is your barbecue because the fourth of July is just a couple of days away now like three to be exact and And barbecue's glorious find everything for barbecue and that you could ever want to then some It about the largest range of great Weber grill's and accessories starting with the Weber smokey Joe portable charcoal grill for under 28 bucks It's the perfect grill for any July fourth or other picnic and nobody can beat barbecue's the lowest incredible unbeatable amazing selection of top quality grill They carry a full line of grill's including the top names Weber Viking Jenny or Braille made a lot of exclusive grill's that you won't find no place else like turbo barbershift Barbershift and cook on captain cook all at the guaranteed lowest prices right now take advantage of no payment same as cash financing until January 2004 on a pro credit at barbecue's galore this week take on the amazing three burner cook on grill a barbecue's galore exclusive This one comes with a host of great features that you would normally only find on much more expensive grills like 42,000 powerful BTUs Porsland coat of cast iron burners and cooking grills and a generous 625 square inch cooking area You absolutely won't find another grill like it for the price now just 249 bucks and only at barbecue's galore perfect for your July fourth And like I said, all your other summer cookouts to don't forget barbecue's lures America's best barbecue store They got it all with stores in plantation on university drive in a fountain shopping center call nine five four four two three fourteen And it cross brings on the corner sample in rock island roads call them there at nine five four seven five seven sixty six sixty eight everything out of the sunny need for barbecue in this one from in the store barbecues galore Why We're sports radio five sixty two a God King come p And now let's got this training turned my diaper brown I'm just trying to keep these in Layin' my key back and go big Selling my clothes and my fingers And wonder why they smell this way Like j-thrin on I'm a chimpanzee I'm not as mighty as joy on But maybe lands like me Hey hey I got fucking hot I'm all Harry and Brown I got some irritation To pull my diaper down Harry knows I'm your friend name There's been ever thought All the fun we didn't have it Provin' our junior low man 117 at 5.60 I'm gonna be the best one for George Today sitting in his chair I think in the noon to one hour I'm gonna get a segment where the Beast describes Moe picking Dingo Gary's out of his window Every morning in front of the entire stand You don't want to be a- that might be a- what? You don't want to know about that What do you mean I don't want to know about it? I mean it's so disgusting But it's a true story In other words, we're all in just make it up No, it's definitely true Yeah Digging just everywhere Every in another region you can possibly get to That man had his hands And then of course when somebody would come in That he hadn't seen in a while would reach out And extend a hand of friendship Here's what it says No freaking contest Tom Arnold That's UCF Kenny one of our regular fighters Get him on there Tom Arnold is nauseating Here's Maria who says I'm starting to get nervous about having me here For Ralph and I many hours a day When George isn't pushing assating He's pretty entertaining That's what Maria says There's one Anyway, she says the happy candidate And I've got two actors for your list Andy Garcia boring very monotone Wake me up when a movie is over Andy Garcia deserve it to be honest Especially after that routine he pulled in front of a alien eat those house And number two, I don't know who this is Haley Joel Osmond Is that spell that he got in there You know the guy that was in six senses Said I see dead people the little kid So I have creepy little kid looks like a mini man Is that really how his name Osmond? Yeah, something like that Haley Joel Osmond Okay Get it on We'll get to many votes I mean after a homie movies disease is he in? About thirty man Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T in Verizon wireless line What's your take George or Farelder fill in for Neil on Monday Wednesday's in Friday's Dirty Next week It's still open, you know QAM We can change your mind at a moment's notice Just like that morning show, you know What would you rather have? Would you rather have Farelder and six to ten? Yeah, that's what I'm thinking You know something It's just dawned on me. What a bunch of losers we got went on that joint I said the last thing I said to clearance yesterday since he does a sports show And the audience loves Fareld Why not when because I had I had looked at this schedule Because I see on here now guilty or without motormarl I said when when mogos on vacation why not have him a move back up there and do a couple hours with guilty And then do a eight to ten doesn't that make sense? Of course I mean that's that's a no brainer That's a given and then of course it's like while he pippin' Lou Garigio Just never give you your position back, you know You just don't come back from vacation. Sit on the bench Oh Ha ha ha ha ha No but don't you think that's a great idea? What is wrong with these people clearance and muffled is wrong with you guys Well, you know it's wrong with clearance He's still healing up from the beasts that work at the tax I'm a homo But at any rate I think that's a fabulous idea Joldy with the forrells six to eight and forrells all 08 to 10 What's not to like then what about your show then? What about our show? Well, I'm not I'm not leaving till like I mean I'm doing tomorrow and Thursday Well, when is mogun in back? Oh, you mean he's coming back? I didn't say on a year, you know the says that when he's coming back I didn't say when's he gonna be back on a year Hey listen five to six for him for a guy his age I think five to six is plenty He can be the forrell and guilty warmup guy What an hour that would be a power pack a power fact hour the likes of which you never hide? He could cram all of his chronic scenario he could get richy from board. He could get that what's that who the old guy what's his name? The one who what is it one? That's that's the one he could have him on here getting a Steve stuttering Steve all those chronics on that one hour If he'd be magnificent hour Just that's something to think about tough and clear and so can't believe they dropped the ball on this there's so worried Now that they give me back ten and two and gave us back where we belong in our regular time slot that they were trying to dick around with us Don't worry about us. We're doing just fine. Take a look at the website now. We're getting like 80 billion hits a day even a beast ain't take it that many hits every day But start gooseen up that morning show and here's the perfect opportunity to slide that guy right in there I'm gonna I'm getting up early tomorrow just I want to hear him I want to hear him on there at six an a m W Q a m No, yes, sir The Baldwin brothers like any I see Huh any of them are you but I'm not sure which ones are the Baldwin brothers because Alec Baldwin is not one of the Baldwin brothers Alex No, Alex is not one of the Baldwin brothers Sure, he is Alex even Billy and the other guy there's another one You put Paulie's core on the lift yeah, and And he's all we'll see him no more any of the friends Okay, thanks whatever he just said any any any like you give me one name and like any of these and any of those Yeah, we'd like some specific names of the good. Oh, probably wants to hear him no one no five six seven Five sixty pound five sixty only none of the beast did you see what's the part of time in America? No did not see that Then I guess you wouldn't be impressed by the fact that the name of the guy that runs the Adilly Who is buddies with all the members of this gang his name was fat mo I just mentioned that in passing W Q a m Well, yes, sir Neil got a good morning good morning to you. I have a suggestion for the poll. Okay, George would actually feel it pretty good for my thank you The biggest void of personality on the planet Kevin Couser. Oh, I love it good choice Okay, thanks so I can I say one more thing. Yes, George if you can hear me don't throw pot at home It's nice and aggravate your call. I'm going to try to open up the repository. Okay. Thanks. Oh Don't want to change body beast. It's just not for you. Not for anybody It's only for really really really super sick drug use like George and the what's his name beiner boy It's a good movie just got to get paid. It's not a great movie. It's not a great movie. I don't want to see some guy fishing around with his hand in the bull Try to find his guy named opium repository. Sorry. Didn't even make it to the part where he dives into the bull Here's the fact that says George is great on his own if that's the way it is, but I think for Alan George could be a very interesting match Yeah, as matter it says both seem to be deviance what he means seam are around the same age and it seems for all maybe into eating ass as well I think you are so really correct. That's a good fact. Somebody who's very perspicacious In addition to which George could do his for well voice, which I think is it's hard to tell him apart Yeah, let's keep working on it. Okay, but I still stay start out tomorrow with getting a forl on her with guilty How much a guilty would like that or not how how low's to get along The president day for what I hear. No, not asking you. I'm asking the beast. He's he does a forl show He's not saying anything. This is he there. I'm right here and you have nothing to say about that. Yeah, they get going fun. Oh, go to get very upset in the morning at about 802 because you know, mo likes to keep the crossover going for like an extra 10 minutes and goly just gets up and leaves. I'm going to do that crossover. Goly just leaves because he says first of all, Jellies never involved in that. He doesn't have to pay. If they're not paying, I'm not staying. So when Mo wants to stay in actually 10 minutes, goly said they're not paying for this. I'm leaving nice gone. Good thinking less work more pace. He's caught on. But of course, Mo, he's trying to stretch it out because he realizes by that time most people are waking somebody might actually hear him. Somebody says Mel Gibson, good choice, excellent and Charlton, Heston. Again, picking on a guy, just like they're picking on George Wannies down. You son of a good choice, Charlton. Look how this all is crap. Craft foods. What is this? Said it would take steps like capping portion sizes and for what is this about? You're just vaccine me like pages with no identification of what LAR. Marketing fatty and sugary late in foods at Children's been a hot button. She was obesity concerns have come to the forefront. Thanks a lot, Big. And expert if there ever was one. Oh, here's one Brendan Fraser the mummy. It says he sucks pretty boy. No talent ass wife says fill in mudgate. Get him on there. Brendan Fraser. I don't think he's all that pretty either. If you ask me and I should know who's good of that Jewish boys school movie. Actually, that was a good movie. Let's still put him on there. I mean, this guy's intent on having his choice. But that was a good movie. What was the one that would Charlton has to before Charlton has to? Yeah, it's on the floor. I got to see you on. You know, I love my little brother the floor. Just a minute. What I do is I throw him on the floor. And then I'm doing the break as soon as the break comes up. I pick him up and throw my trash bag. I'm pretty organized here. I wasn't. No, I get some. It's a whipsom was on that list. But we're not going to have you not got that. Well, I think that's it. Now gives the nice gun air beast excellent. Don't watch screen spotting. Okay. You'll thank me. Somebody will thank me for warning. Don't listen to that pervert. Here's one from Avi. Oh, to wondering, Jew. Can't any ask. We can't stand you, Avi. It says by far the worst parade. This guy just hates George. And he can't even spell his name right. It spells it with a G. The worst personality under radio is your very own George Rodriguez. He's the most. An untie not anti untie. Untie, somatic person. It's the ways untie. Like most of his kind. If he give him a walkie talkie, he'll be giving tickets at MIA. I promise I'll never listen to these on. Good. That's another reason to have George. I'll give you where to this professional Jew. Possible voice, Avi. Okay. Have a good one. And don't lose your repository. 27 past 11 at 560 W to QAM. If you in a really dead end job, if you're sick and tired of working for peanuts and not having two nickels to rub together, here might be the answer for. Especially if college is too expensive and takes too long and you can't play football. So you can't get into UM. If you could afford 10 bucks a month to commit yourself three nights a week for four months fast train, can up you achieve your new high pain computer career. That's correct. Just 10 bucks a month on three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify. So call them today and get yourself out of that rut that you're in. Call a fast train at 1 866 fast train. And of course like we keep telling you, I loved it. I want the locations exactly are, but of course that would be a little bit too much work for Todd wreck. So we won't put this in a copy. Todd, you still suck. With four locations all over town is bound to be a fast train nearby use. So calm toll free at 1 866 fast train. Talk with the train career counselor. They're off the day evening weekend schedules. Dub placement hands on training to pick up your thing right now and call fast train at 1 866 fast train. And don't forget fast trains defer payment is valid for a year regular payments apply their after. Whether you're a high school student on summer break right now somebody underpaid it and job working for virtually free or just looking to increase. You're not worth call fast train and get yourself on a road or real career and a real paycheck. 1 866 fast train or check them on the wicked worldwide web at fast train.com. My life and local. This is for train you'll buy six. You wait two a.m. Where of exploding balls coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. They were a very weird band. But they were from Canada. So there you go. They were crash test dummies. I never thought I could get in a music channel back then growing up in Winnipeg. There weren't many places there. Oh, right there. This interview's over. What the hell inside the behinds cameras kept rolling as an array George W. Bush dressed in some half-assed uniform. Which suggested that he himself had actually fought in the war storm into our studios. Winnipeg huh. That's in Canadian. Lots of French people in Canadian ain't there. Well as a matter of fact, Winnipeg does have the largest French speaking population in the Western part of Canada. But I don't see how that shot up with your French talk. But I'm speaking English. That's how you fool us. Lazy French people. What they ever do for us. Oh, they helped you win a couple of awards. Gave you the statue of liberty. They're bunch of losers. They don't even shower. And their women don't shave their honor arms. Damn, I wish they had some oil. I'd bomb their franchises. Look, Mr. Bush, I'm with the crash test dummies. We're just trying to do an interview here. Then another thing. The name of your band is now the Freedom Dummies. We don't even have the word French in our name, eh? It's close enough. Freedom Dummies. You hear me? Whatever, eh. The crash test. I mean the Freedom Dummies. If you don't like it, tough luck. It's a big juicy shopping wait. Look at show business tonight. On inside the vine. 1133 at 560, the involvement brothers have nothing to do with Alec Baldwin. Alex is one of the Baldwin brothers. We've been through this 80 billion times. Why don't we just put the Baldwin brothers in. Okay. Got it. Got it. Oh, because Alec Baldwin's a great actor. And I want to like it. Get him lumped in there. Because he's got nothing to do with them. He is not one of them. He was great in Glendiery Glen Ross. And a lot of other good movies. Got it? Yes. Wuppy Goldberg's 61, Leo to Camprio 43, Will Smith, has got 20. Let's give away some Marlon tickets. Patrick Swazie 18, Adam Sandler 15, Sandra Bullock 15, The C Sandler Bullock, side by each of Adam Sandler brings a tear to my eye. Twice the loan 14, John Claude Goddam is got 10. Robert Downey Jr. 8, Ted Hanson 7, and Julie Robert, Downhill from their single digits. WQAM. Yeah. Alec Baldwin is definitely one of the brothers. No, he's not. Yes, he is. Alec Baldwin is one of the Baldwin brothers. Yes, he is. Get out of here. Okay. If you say so, I'm going to the brothers. I thought he'd be very true to us. And you're telling me Alec Baldwin is not a good actor? Oh, he's a great actor. Okay. But I'm just saying he's one of the brothers. I'll be here. First one to make it big, he made on some nighttime soap opera. Well, like I said, he's the only one who can act. Yeah, that's for sure. Okay, thanks. Right. See. Like I said, I just get through saying that that Alec Baldwin is one of the, No, I was sure we've been through that before and he wasn't. Well, whatever. So, like I said, cross that thing out, okay. Cross that damn thing out. Baldwin brothers, my Fed S. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. 1, give me 1, okay. Which actor actress would cause you absolutely not to see a movie that they're in? I noticed the George Conversation is quite a downward, is either a good or a bad thing. I guess they just basically gave up. Don't give up. You never know what that'll this outfit's going to do. In fact, mold might just actually come into our after hearing all this today. And you know he's listening. No, I'm not sure. I think I'll postpone that vacation because I heard they're going to stick for well and there. Now, you just know that he's going to be crap in his pants more than usual. I'm thinking about the fact that being a little more insecure than usual not only they back him up an hour, but just knowing that they're priming for well to be doing 6 to 10. He's going to be like having wild explosive bowel movements about that. I thought he was going to be here until like 2012. Who's that? Well, how old? 2012? I don't know. I mean, he's going to work till he's 90. Is that what you're trying to say? He's going to croak on a year. And I can see this this fast. You don't know about this. This one because he doesn't put his name on or anywhere. The one that says telephonetics. This is Tim pots. We don't do Tim pots. He's just a chronic no life. Troy says the mirror side of Richard gear, whether without his goddamn durable, makes me run away from movie screen at top speed. I wish he would take his Buddhism bullshit and go to Tabeton die. Also, I hope Mr. Cranky dies and Mo. Have a nice day, Troy. And back at you, Troy. I've been a lot of people dying lately. But he hack it died over the weekend. And Katherine Hepburn, who was overrated no matter what. I mean, as a person, she was fine. She was very nice and yati adi adi. But I'm sorry, not in the Katherine Hepburn as an actress. And who else does that and Greg, we peck who was great. Here's what it says for Talonus and disgusting. How about Jelo? That's a good one. How come it took so long to get that bitch on it? Oh, I was watching. Oh, they showed clips from one of her. 85 movies she made with been a f-like and nobody still believes that whole deal. I have never seen anything so wouldn't in my life. I mean, are they kidn anybody? No. And they wonder why they don't release half of her crappy even in the movie theaters because they don't know what he's going to go to see it. Jelo, get that bitch on there. Nicholas Cage. And the most loads of all time Matthew McGonahee. What does he have? There's a whole bunch of stuff I'm trying to think of something up. You are- You are. I got the tool of you there who are usually- T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T. What the hell are they here? One, two, three. How many seconds go by before I get a respond? I've 3 demand. Jesus, let's get with it. I know it's the dorms of the summertime. But you're slow as molasses. Let's go. Let's, uh, snap out of your dorms, man. Clarence tired me out this morning. Oh, is that it? God. I know it's not from talking too much on a feral show because you know anybody get towards an edge by now. I mean, once it gets to be 10 o'clock, I'm serious if I never said anything he could be going to 10 to 45 no problem at all. Pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, it's a it's dynamite. So we're pretty Nicholas Cage of the list. Yes, a lot of people can't stand him. I don't like him. The page, we to put the, I don't, I don't care. I mean, I'm not saying I've seen plenty of movies he's been in, but as far as do I like him as an actor? I just, there's something we pulse him about him. Highly overrated. I did you know that Alec Baldwin is one of the Baldwin brothers? The 560, 50560. The same thing happens every time because this happened at least twice before that we got into this whole thing about all of those Alec sinners, Alec and there's a smart Alec and all of a, nobody cares. Okay. Believe me, please. WQAM. QAM. Hey, yeah, sir. I like to speak to Neil. You're speaking to him. Oh, Neil, oh, yeah. Pretty good. Thank you. Thanks so much, eh? Okay. Listen, I like to put in Barbara, Dry Fan. Oh, yes. Oh, thank you. Thank you so much as an yenple. Barbara, Dry Fan, Cross-eyed bitch. Now I will say years ago I did watch him movie but only because Michael Cersan was in, I did like Michael Cersan a lot. Remember, we'll see the name of the Michael Cersan movie with what's your name? Jennifer O'Neill. Who with the what? Err, maybe in connection with Peter Proud. You ever saw that? Though, okay, in connection with Peter Proud. Anyway, it was called for Pete Sake was the name of the movie Michael Cersan and Barbara Dry Fan. And I put up with her cross-eyed, antics and her whole obnoxious just because he was in it. But the yenple. Speaking of the dolphins, our day Joseph talked to Yenple Green. Who was that simple in bitch? No idea. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 was some bitch. I think I'm channeled some of those braids from Greco Dry, some simple in bitch. Wumpy Goldberg, 62 in Leo to Capio, 44 and nobody else is even close. Well, Smith is a diss, I'm glad I didn't vote for Will. If it hadn't been for Leo being called in this reminder yesterday, I would have voted for Leo because I like being up there near the top, like the beast. I like being up on top. I'm like clearance. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon line. 20 till noon at QAN. And my life and love all this is for 20, 5, 60. You and who A.N. Well, the crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time. You got an inside wall street in. Now she's gone and paid for it. Broker says she lied. She's so mean-minded. Facing lots of time. We're so excited. We're taking our cubs. 20 years won't be enough. Drives the roughest stripes. Send her to sing sing for the end of life. That would be a good thing for Mother. Feel it you far inside your training. And the set you away all are gone. We're laughing so hard that we're shaking. But you stop with the day or mother. With you had everything but you smiled in. You'll send you away all my love. You'll be sharing the stain and the stint on it. With your sound, please. Maybe that's why I can't relate to this. Because I never seen him in nothing. Can you tell me what they've been in? I can't separate them. I've seen them all but I don't can't tell one from the other. But he's been in a lot of big-time movies. No, I had a problem when I know. But stint will steal my cant tell a part. So don't be lumping Alec Baldwin and I will want to be brothers. Don't lump him in there. We'll have you ever seen the Louis Bailetel with polysure. Which one was that? I don't know. Tell us one of the ball wins. I don't know which one. I don't know where the time we get going on this. Anybody mentions his name. We get bogged down. It kills some hours. Let's keep it up. Here's a fact from ABN who says, Can't stand Gina Gurshon. Oh, it says, got her on there. He said, he has. Gurshon, G-E-R-S-H-O-1. I have no idea who that is. Who is she? No idea. Okay. Anyway, this is some bad news. Florida's taken sides in the long running debate over the medical necessity of circumcision. It's joined the opposition. Beginning today, the procedure is no longer covered by Medicaid in Florida except in limited cases. Oh, that means a Medicaid mom who wants her newborn circumcised will have to find some other way to pay for it. While those with private health insurance will generally find a procedure is covered if you pardon that expression. It's a cost saving step lawmakers say, You have to spend Medicaid dollars on medically necessary services that represent a Frank Farkus, a St. Pete Republican advice chamber of the House of Committee on Health and Appropriations on a professional guy. Research suggests circumcision is done more often for cultural or religious reasons Farkus said. It really was a no brainer he said. The changes expected to save the state 2.3 million bucks a year. In the past four years, Medicaid paid $5.8 million from a $45,000 circumcision's in Florida. Medicaid will continue to cover the procedure in the case of injury or problems. Circumcision involves the removal of all our part of the force get a penis. It's a religious ritual in Judaism and Islam proponents say it helps prevent disease, but opponents say the risk are high for a little return for a sma. That's what I got a small return. So there you go. It's a Goish about what are you looking at tell you. That said, and that's basically like the state of Florida standing up and saying, Hey, all you're using your Muslims out there, Cox, a hoist, you know. Take your circumcised penis elsewhere. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I can actually say that for the first time we got three people on this show today all circumcised. Right? Yes, sir. That could be a first. Can we take a jibbles in the sink? He's tried. WQA. That was an occurrence without sick. QAM. Yes, sir. Yes, I am. I'm doing pretty good. Pretty good, Bob. When you're going to slide the rest of my TV to Las Vegas with us. I'm not. Yes. I got someone to play a pro. Absolutely an excellent choice. Bob, I'll stand. He makes me, I wish he'd turn into a fly again. I can't stand that son of bitch. Right. You know how many times I want to hit him in the face with a baseball bat? But third man. You can't make me take it. See in the overhead compartment Bob, take care. Merkin Airlines. I mean, with all due respect to Bob, I would fly Merkin Airlines if they paid me by the mile. Oh, keep going at the air can of the yesterday. That's a good news of whether or not to me. I've never seen a pilot. Yes, they ratified that deal. It was a little shaky last week. Is there Canada continues hanging on by a thread? Don't do it, boys. Don't go out of business. Please. Not until they stick my ass in the ground anyway. Because the only alternative I'll have to nonstop from here to my knee will then be American Airlines. Oh, I'm afraid worse than death. That's certainly. They just can't get their act together. Air v flight that I've ever flown with him. And you just see it in the terminal at my A.A. It just chaos. Just all kinds of people running around. There's no uh, nothing organized. It almost looks like most of the flights to Europe, you know? Most of the European Airlines, they're like K.L.M. They're great once they get you into plane. Once they get in the air, this sensational. But in terms of getting of boarding process, like Alathe, Either the way, it's just total chaos. Just a bunch of wheels just running around. Not going to each other down. It's brutal. I would not watch him moving with him in it. That's how nauseating he just uh, Oh, now the original movie to fly was with Vincent Price. Remember that? No. Actually. Yep. That was pretty good. And they came along with Jeff Goldbum and I thought, What's the only way we could make him look better? And that's the term into a fly. During the entire motion picture, I sat there with my fly swatter poised. I didn't watch it. So about 10 seconds of it, I saw that he was in, Bye-bye. We were in right along. There's a lot of me. You know, it may be maybe people on Hollywood should figure this out. But they're just certain they should have like cue scores, like they do on television, for actors and actresses. And find out that somebody that are really low cue score. Most people are revolted and nauseaed by him. Maybe we don't want to see them too much. WCWAM? Yeah, might you pull it off at all? Yes sir. Okay. Stephen Baldwin was the one in bio dome and he could also make sure this. He was also vulnerable in the first place. So we'll be fine. Okay. Okay, thanks. Thanks, Bally. We're getting more Baldwin dropping. So do we want any more? Yeah. But thank you very much. We don't want any more. Because like I said, every time anybody even mentions that. Thup, thup, thup, thup, thup, we do go to the whole. Alec Baldwin was an outstanding actor, excellent. And other than that, forget about him. So far, which actor actress would cause you to absolutely not see movie if you found out they were in it. WCWV65. Get out the old WCW and smacker with it. As a matter of fact, what an insult that is you know, the Hollywood square is they've tried to bring that back about three different times. And as this, you know, the middle one, the intermediate one wasn't she on that one? Yeah, and now Ellen degenerates is there. Ellen degenerate. Why guess she's taking Paul in spot? They, they always had to put some gay person in that middle square after after Paul was in it. It always put some queen in there or some whatever. Dike. WCWV65. Leo to Caprio 45. Will Smith 21. Patrick Swise 18. He is up noxious. Oh, you know who another one is that makes me sick to my stomach. Who looks like Patrick Swisey. Kurt Russell. Yes, he is married to Goldie Haam. We already discussed that in a million times. He was a good girl. Kurt Russell, who is one of Walt Disney's favors. I think they did it a few times. He was like, he was out. He was what? He was a gilly guy to Kurt Russell was I'm Gilligan's island. Hey, he had a guest appearance as the jungle boy that somehow should have over the end. Adam Sandler 17. He should be doing better than that. Oh, he did it. As soon as I said that, it clicked over to 18. Time with Patrick Swisey. Sties the lone 16. John Claude Van Dam 16. Sandra Bullock. You know, another one out. Paulie Swisey got 10. You know, another one. How could we forgotten? Maybe it's on American for me to say this. Arnold Schwarzenegger. Oh, we got it. Yeah. How could we have left Arnold off? You like Arnold? Hmm. Not really. No. Kind of. He has elevated the word dumb to a new level. I mean, he just everything is just that you got those forced one liners, you know. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. You know, before I think I'm married Maria Schriber, you actually have a chin. WCQAM. Hey, can I speak to Neil? Speaking. Neil. Yes. I know you don't listen to, uh, to Captain Ovo. No, especially when I'm here in Toronto, it's kind of hard to pick up that signal. Yeah, he was talking to Rick Sanchez this morning. Oh, well, you know, when Sanchez left Tony was sucking his ass, I bet he was sucking it again today. He sucked his ass so hard as headcaped in. It wasn't embarrassing. I wish you could end then Sanchez mentioned that he wanted to get his kids into American Heritage over there. Yeah. And he said, and he goes, oh yeah, but they're by, well, we're Neil Rogers, Liz. And Castro Nova says, that guy, he's gone in on the air in the morning. Besides his readings were crap. Oh, or something before he disappeared. Right. Did anybody say Bruce Willis? Yes, they did. Oh, hey, happy Canada day. Hey, come on, hey, okay, see you around. Castro Nova's sucking on to Ovo. He Sanchez, what a good match. Yeah, that's right. I'm not on the air anymore. Castro Nova, I'm gone. Still number one at a time slot. Even Ota and Jika said it couldn't be done. And even though you're a butt plug, and I've had an original thought in your mind. Schmuck. Oh, you can't talk that way by Paul in young Ron. If I look at the B1,000, I'd never understand the attraction of that show. I have heard it, little drips and grabs, because everybody's materials always better the first time. You know? Like, going into a fine restaurant, getting your great stake when you eat it the first time. It's always better than the second time around. 1156, 4 minutes till noon at 5.60 WQM. If you want to a great mattress, if your old mattress is lumpy and bumpy, just add it. If it's worn out, if you've just screwed it right into the ground. Here's the answer for it. You're going to give yourself a great night sleep from our friends at Dalama Express, because all it takes is one easy call. The easiest piece is shopping you can ever dream of doing. Just call 1-800-MATTH-RES. You won't believe how simple it is to pick out the perfect vent for you and your back. The expert vet in consultants will guide you through the whole process, because they know vetting inside outside upside down. And unlike what happens when you go to a show where they try to steer it toward a house brand that you never heard of, or just continued to sit or a mismatch or something that you didn't want in the first place, Dalama Express doesn't screw around with that kind of stuff. They sit the only the best. Top quality ceiling. Certain Simmons tempered ptic. No sales gimmicks. No false promises. No inflated prices either. They've got the high-end beds too for you. Big shooters out there like Cealy's Crown Jewel Line. And top models from every brand all at low everyday prices. Call 1-800-MATTH-RES right down. See what I'm talking about. And when you do make that call, be sure to ask them about their company exchange policy. Plus they give you a free set of view. No matter if they take away free removal of your crappy old one. And you get to choose the date and time for delivery that fits your schedule when you're going to be home. When it's convenient for you, you pick the two hour window. Nobody anywhere in the history of mankind has ever done anything like that. So call Dalama Express right now. There'll be there in no time at all. Call 1-800-MATTH-RES or check them out on the web if you like at MacRis.com. And local faces is five-sixty. Where you go, your... BOOM! BOOM! Hey, I'm proud, Ylianna. RUS-Laden. And I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap-nate from jewels. And listening to that mirror. OK, I'm gonna use the hour. Check out! What is? You, and to the day I've back in the next installment in the Matrix, the third prophecy in the third prophecy. The Oriental sense. NICE DOESNIT! Would it become... NICE... SIT! First there was the Matrix. Then the Matrix reloaded. Now, Matrix uncocked. Directed by the former Larry Wichowski. No, not just Debbie. Coming soon with Hater. And a dumpster near you. From all one at five, 60, W.C.M. Happy Tuesday, Tuesday. So anyway, see, let me give you a little piece of advice, paste. Since you're feeling... I made a mistake. I'm sorry. No, not just because people facts you stuff down there. One of the ideas is that I can save a lot of facts paper here. If you're a little bit more selective on that. Can I... I'm gonna be honest with you. I'll just go to the Baldwin Brothers. I facts you. Like, I pranked that out in fact. Well, I'm going to say, I'm much worse. I know, that's the problem. That makes sense. That's what it is. I don't want to... You know? It's the one through. I said to myself, I should not have done that. I mean, I thought you were just forwarding this crap because our audience will do stuff like this. And George, one of the great things George does off the year is he doesn't send me crap from either chronic faxes or stuff that he knows at all. I've been doing that. Like, I have a lot of the stuff people have sent today. Probably stuff I wanted to see, but I mean, I mean, I mean, I just like... Let me just count the pages here. How many pages are there? At least one. Third man. Three, four, five, six, seven. There may be like 10 pages here on Steven and Daniel Baldwin, which I don't give a flying figure about either one of them. Steven Baldwin. Here's the silent warning. Slap shot too. That tells me everything I need to know. Slap shot. Dead Rockstar. Wildfire. Keeping it real. Spide his web. Before the devil knows you dead. Dead Oake. Yadia. Protection. Zebra Lahan. Yadia. He was born made 12th, 1966 in Massapique, when the year, the youngest of two sisters in Srebren. Brothers. All of his brothers are actors. I totally alic is one of them. Daniel and Billy. Although Steven has the same eyes as brothers, he's easy to distinguish. He has to die for cheekbones. And the best part is the beast wrote this. To die for cheekbones. Full lips. Spick her. Off and sports, blunt and or long hair in a wild woody. What it says here. Exchange. Flintstones in. What? Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas? Yeah, he was party rubble. Mercy and I'm okay. This is all which one's Steven Baldwin. I know who that is. But Daniel Baldwin. I don't know who the hell he is. I just even bow and guy. I think that is the good looking one. You trying to say something again. You were the guy to pick Aaron out in our hot couple's contests. Number three. I'll let you pick him out. I just figured that you'd like to see him. You're gay. Well, wait a minute. He was born in 1966. That means he's 37 years old. No thanks. You only got even close to that old that I'm interested in his Ethan Hawke. I don't know something about Ethan. By the way, Peter, Peter Boy just came back in the room looking green blue and but the killover. Why, I said I don't know. Maybe George gave you something. We're giving it back and forth to each other. Then we're really walking in. Duff is coughing in the other room and it's getting there. See, I left it for at that week that I was there. I left a little something for you. I mean, it's so decaying. It's a clean our son of a kid's office. And here's what you have Baldwin's filmography. He was in double bang saying nothing. You stupid man. One I'd king. Box 2000. He played Christian box. As in what's in the relative values. Brotherhood of murder. Oh, and this goes on bullworth. Bullshmit. Shattered image. Varus. I mean, that's what you got. Maybe you got the, Baldwin Varus. So, also he was in born on the 4th of July. Oh, he played. It was had a cameo role as a platoon soldier. So, we couldn't have like a major role because it was a good movie. Okay, there you go. There's everything you want to know about the Baldwin Varus. And then some as our topic today is why do you hate George so much? 560. Here's more facts. Is that it? Realize you. Send me about 80 pages here. My vote is for Wuppy Goldberg. She makes me shake with the scust. Now she has a new sitcom coming out when the ad comes out and makes me gay. I thought I was the only one. I started feeling guilty because if I look at her, I just give physically ill. She's nauseating. I'd rather be tied to the ground with honey. And he's put over my naked body and have army hands neatly than watch that nasty bitch. Well said Richard. As for George, he seems like a pretty good guy, but. But when he does this show alone, nobody, I mean nobody gets a word in edge wise. No collar can even come close to finishing a sentence without him interrupting very, very annoying says the evil monster. I didn't know that because I don't listen. Is that true? Get the little jumpy. I'm not asking you. You don't produce the show when I'm out there. I listen though. I listen all the time. Yeah, I'm what about the sick boy over there. He's he's more not see than I get looks. You get looks about one. You're gay. Hey, you get looks in other words, you interrupt. Not into, yeah, I guess it's interrupt. Hmm. Oh yeah. Here's one that says from Dave and Lakeland, an actress who makes my skin crawl. Ashley Judd horrible. There's a guy who's gonna ask me to get her ash on there right away. Here's another one. Now they're starting to rip your ginaz. See, he's home sick as a dog. He's not listening. He could this won't bother him. He's used to it. Plus we're gonna have to relative the show anyway. That we're not. Yes, we are. You know what we'll do. We'll do whatever hell that winds up to. I think that's a good idea. Don't you? Let's just play it by ear. Let's shock the management. Let's just see who shows up because I'm not going to be there. I'm going to win during Friday, starting next week. You can bet your life on it. Starting this Friday, July 4th, tomato fact. Joe says I enjoy a win, George. Takes over the show. Give me a chance to turn her ready. You'll awfully have the house and do something with myself. Or you don't have to leave the house. Do that, Joe. By the way, if you notice how the beast looks suspicious like Stoog's Joe Besser. Can't wait to hear Rick and Sads on QM this summer. Have a great life. Says Joe. Here's another one. It says, just wanted to thank you, George and Vina Bore for the spectacular dinner at the pizza shop. My wife and I were the third place winners, not couples to contest. The side of the user are prize last night. We'd never been there before, but we definitely would go back. Hating Miami by loving uses Chris. And also PS for the poll. Any previous member said that I've live not named Bill Murray as in Rob Schneider, David Spade, Chris Katan and Annette Severensawak. That's the guy that came by that we were that you should have been here to see. That Chris receptionist Carlos fell in love with Chris. Well, these were the third place winners, right? Right. Was it the biker in the biker couple? No, no, the third place winner shouldn't be the last hot couple's contest. Oh, from the previous one. Right. The Christian Odie one. Oh, yeah, that Christian Odie. I remember them. They were very, very nice. Hey, listen, there's plenty of people we've had in this contest that I would mine seen and that's why they're entering because they know that I'm up here. I can't be there to see them. They're not dumb. Especially my good close friend, Aaron. How they hang in there and wow. Man. He had half of the Oscar-mira meat plant in his pants and that one picture. And whatever happened, that beautiful photo of Moes head right by his package. Beiner boy. Which? Which one? The one that we had somebody had made for us. The same guy that does all this other great stuff. He had Moes head right down there by Aaron's package. Do you remember that one? We may have to dig that one out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm so glad that I'm not there to see Moe digging in his ass. Oh, God. I'm not really sure which is more disgusting. The scene from Transpotting, which at least I could shut it off, or the fact that Moes run around picking Dingo Bury's out of his butt while everybody is there forced to watch it. It's not just the back side. It's the front side too, man. Oh, no. Maybe he's searching. Maybe he's trying to find it. Maybe he's trying to see if it's still there. And he smiles like he takes pride in it. Then you've got to be kidding me. He can't do not. He reaches around and readjust his package and he smiles at you. Oh, there's a message there, Beast. Maybe that's why you're not on show anymore. Maybe he didn't cooperate. That's why he had a settle for clearance. Which actor or actress? Would you, would cause you definitely not to see Moe that they're in? Woopy Goldberg 71. I don't think anybody's going to catch a little woopy. Leo to Campio 47. Finally, oh. Don't fly away now, sweetheart. Will Smith 21. And in the sandler, you know, that would be another interesting pull. Which of these queens is fooling absolutely nobody? Don't you think that's a great pull? Absolutely. Which of these fags is fooling nobody? You know, like J.L. or Matt Damon? Leo. Right? I think it's a pretty good list there. Probably a few inside our building. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. WCWM, hello. Hi, how are you doing today? Yes sir, how you doing? Great thanks. The D.F. Therica Jessica Parker on that list. Well, we do not because I'm afraid if I put that on, I'm going to start reading it like that again. Oh my god. Well, if he goes on there, a lot of people can't stand or they hit her like poison. I will not watch any movie that he is in. Ever? But if you don't mind, I like to mention something else that's going on in the news right now. Right? You know, Tony Blair and this BBC little fluff dust up that's going on over the Second up of the documents. Well, if you go to whatreallyhappened.com, their lead story today is the microsoft word document. It contains logins of edits that have been made to their documents. And Tony Blair's government has been busted because they shared this microsoft word document with the press and they've gone in and looked at these log files. Your microsoft computer mavens there will explain how that works. Okay. But microsoft word keeps track of all the edits that have been made to a document. Yeah, we had a little bit about that next story with the BBC lawsuit yesterday. Well, if you go to whatreallyhappened.com, their lead story is how Blair's government has been busted because they claimed that they weren't making it. They weren't making edits to the document, but there is a list of all the personnel that had to log in to make those edits. It's that whatreallyhappened.com. Well, I noticed that they have something to have a quick turn today because Jack on the last straw said this morning, or I guess the second one there time that under no circumstances or for any reason, will England go along with an invasion in Iran. Yes. Well, I see. They got burned real bad once another got caught with all their pantalumi's down and now they're just making sure everybody understands they're not going to do it again. Well, I guess bush did get the tricectin. He got rid of the Taliban. He got rid of us. The down and saying and now he's gotten rid of the labor party, the labor party leader, the liberal party leader in England. All those things correct. Right. All in one fell flu. Maybe something. We'll have a nice vacation. You'll take care of yourself. Thanks, pal. What really happened.com? Well, you know, you can, you could, if bush came on television this afternoon, three o'clock in the afternoon and made a speech and said, well, you know, we, we tried hard, but we couldn't fool you and we tried, you know, we, we just wanted to go in there. We wanted the oil and we already had this planned four or five years ago and we just, we screwed up. You know, we got caught with our pants down and we made a bunch of stories. If he came on and said that, I think that his popularity would be close to the same as it is right now. Do you know what I'm saying? Because you deal with so many stupid people out there, they don't really give a crap. And he's fundamentalists right wing assholes. They don't give it. They already probably know that. Or a part of them knows that. They don't care. Five, six, seven, five, six. Do you know what I want to get heavy with politics today? All the way. Do you have this story? U.S. based missiles that have global reach. It's on our website. We got 80 billion stories on our website today. In fact, what we're going to start doing is having a lot more just to make Carlos work that much more since I bought him that computer. I'm good man. Oh yeah. We're going to have stories up the ass from now on. No problem. It's not in a lot more. And I want to see that damn wedding picture of the Beast and Clarence. I mean, a picture that's on there is definitely special. But the one with that wedding outfit, that's. That's probably in the same place as the one with Aaron and Moe with his head on his package. Wait, you see the one from the honeymoon. Isn't that the one I'm talking about? That was just the wedding. That's the wedding picture. The honeymoon as well. Welcome man. Squart! Squart! I told you that you were. Squart! There's a good one. Doesn't go to you. I'm getting you. That explains it. 1213 at 5. 60 WQM. If you're still a dog running around. July 4th is coming up on Friday. Barbecue is the lowest. Waiting for you with the biggest range of Weber Grills and accessories. It's stuff you're looking for a need for a fantastic barbecue. Starting with the Weber Smokey Joe portable charcoal grill this one is under 28 bucks. Even you slupper's out there can afford this one. It's the perfect grill for any pickings you live for the many other day. And nobody can be barbecue's galores incredible selection of top quality grills. They got them all. You name it. They got a full on grill's and putting Weber Viking. Jinne or Braalmate and lots of exclusive grills you won't find any place else in a world like the turbo. Barbecue Chef Cook on a Captain Cook. All of the guaranteed lowest prices anywhere. But now take advantage of barbecue's galore of no payment same as cash financing until January 2004 on a proof credit. This week and what are we to be doing? It take on the amazing three burner cook on grill of barbecue's galore exclusive. This one comes with a host of great features normally only found on more expensive grills. Like 42,000 powerful BTUs, porcelain coated cast iron burners and cooking grills and in generous 625 square inch cooking area. You won't find another grill like it for the price now just 349 bucks and only at barbecue's galore perfect for that July 4th cookout. Don't forget you're in the love shopping in the store because the people are friendly. They know their crap and set it out and whatever you're looking for, they got it. Barbecue's galore is America's best barbecue's store. You're finding a plantation on university, driving a fountain shopping center called 9504, 42314, and Carl Springs on a corner sample road in Rock Island roads and numbers 9504, 757668. Everything under the sun for a great barbecue is waiting for you at barbecue's galore. That's all you need. Michaelizer. Two rings, why is there? It took two rings to answer. What are you doing over there? I'm sorry, sorry I just couldn't reach the phone. I can reach the world. One ring, I said we fit over this. I'm sorry. Get on the ball over there. What are you all hung over up with your mighty dick? Who's her? The hockey kid. Oh, the N.I. Mighty Ducks. Oh, let us accessible. Sorry that was a bit of a silly. Sell it. Well, that team is terrible. So they're in the Stanley Cup finals. What does that mean? Well, they're in the championship of the nation. I'll say that. I'm not in the sport anyway. I'm not a poor mouse. I'm a poor mouse. Forget about the ducks. It's a stupid name anyway. Who came up with that? Well, I did. So we remember when we had that. Oh, I mean, terrible. And I see you hanging out with that straight brim on your head. You look like a wolf on. Next to Charlie Sheen. No, no, no, that was a million. That's the best. The star. They can't. It's the same kid. Terrible. The mighty duck. I mean, they're really entertaining. It's great family. Oh, you care about the dick. Oh, what? Hang on a minute. Yes, sir. Oh, oh. Oh, my god. What the heck? What the hell is wrong with your rib? Oh, no feel well, boss. You're almost white. Yeah, I'm pale, boss. Oh, has some bad Chinese. Some bad Chinese. Yeah, no matter downtown, boss, ladies. Things are panda. Well, boss, I got to go. I get away from me. It's all things like a brewery. Oh, my god. You're not. Come on. I know. Yes, sir. Well, things are going very well over here. You know, we have the mighty ducks in Stanley Cup final. They're all so, um, and we also have the finding email. We'll be what's doing very well. Yeah, let me read my limited question. Yes. Why do I have a check for $4 million on my desk? And the thing made $70 million? What kind of deal do we have with Pixar? Well, we sort of... Wait a second. Oh, I think you're doing. I think I'll put myself off. You're pushing, sir. Well, we just get on the office. Where are my own money? My own money. My own money. I'll put it all over there. I need a pickup in here. I, sir. Yes, sir. It's here after me. I. I. I. And... And it is. My eye, sir. Okay, well, sir, would you like tickets for the mighty ducks? I told you to sell the ducks. Ducks? Chained the name of that thing anyway. What's the change in name? We got to keep it. Megaton, the meces. What are meces? Meces. What is one mouse? That just mice? Yeah. Are you correct in me? No, sir. Wait, I'm just gonna hate a stick. I'm here to walk, folks. Fuck. 122560WK, oh my god. Even 400 votes on a poll. Which actor actress would cause you absolutely... Absolutely. Not to see a movie that they're in. 400 votes at the moment. Guess who doesn't have any? Matthew McGonney. He. Helly Joel Osmond. Kurt Russell. Jeff Goldblum. I can't believe that. And Gene Egrishan. None of them have any yet. And embarrassing. Actually, Judge got one. Nicholas K. Jennifer Lopez, Richard gear. Brendan Frazier. They all have one. Chuck Heston had one. But he forgot where it was. Mel Gibson's got one. Sam Ali. It's got one. Christian slainers got two. That'll make George happy. He hates them. Andy Garcia's got a pair. Chris Rocks got two. Tom Arnold III. Any Murphy III. Arnold Schwarzenegger III. Sally Field and Martin Lawrence. He's have four. Five for Akira Reeves and Bruce Willis. Michael Paray's got six. The Rocks got six. John Rieveholt is seven. John Ritter's got seven. He floats. Melody Griffith 8. Mickey work eight. Robert Downey Jr. Eight. Ted Danson. Eight. Some bad Chinese. Steven Siggal 10. Judy Roberts 10. Sandra Bullock 17. I take personal reception of that. You know what? Mixed to us. I mean, okay. So she does cutesy stuff. Okay. Like her movies are like real heavy duty. In fact, the first movie I saw her in was the guy that had an easier onion on the Ellen Chicago on the right. Yeah. And then there was a cute movie. How about speech? She was going to speed. She was good on speed. And these people are ripping Sandra. Maybe they think she's just a little bit too cute. She would see you know like that. Which they may have a point. But the idea that they just wouldn't watch because she's in it. That's a real shot. Your brutal folks. Patrick Swazie and Sandra Polock 18. Adam Sandra 19. John Claude God damn 20. Slice the loan 20. Pauli short 21. Will Smith 22. Barbara Streisand 28. Old Hienkel. Leo to Caprio 47. It's a very solid second. But he can't catch Wopi. Wopi's got 72. She's making Wopi. Although at least I think she washes that stuff once or twice. Those rasta guys with the real you know the ones I'm talking about. They probably you're a drug peddle. I love rastas. But the ones that I'm talking about get the real like like you see all those foot in your hair. I don't know. That's how I keep it together. I'm like. No. Don't want to hear about it. Seriously. And the hills in Jamaica because I've been there. They rub like extra meant in their hair to keep it all locked around Pieces into all of that it's who into rust the music into dubbing and into the whole movement yeah Into the whole movement. I think you just described somebody's movement just as little hair So it's kind of refer to that part piece is gonna be an I movie the feces of the feces Is Howard? What are you talking about this is not the feral show where we start getting in the like graphic Finkle of this cousin okay you're just trying to keep straight what show you're on okay God they rub feces in their hair and then they pettled their drive after after they smear it all over They're they're good then they sell it to the beast and He rolls it up and puts it in his mouth and smokes it some good stuff. Give it a Q. I am Hi, yes, I'll save the festival. Don't get cut off the call we call him McCallie Colkins up not just in disgusting an excellent choice Thank you so much. Yeah Michael's actually raised right? Excellent choice grab him you'd have been at anything lately though That's okay They're just they're just covering her ass okay just the case he ever pops up again They want to make damage sure they don't see him He's annoying and just nauseating if at most of those little kid actors and actresses the most of Marges really Who Like a broad that plays a Philip and Beth's daughter on guiding light that little blonde bitch just like this slap I mean she may be very nice little girl, but she's just an actress But she's perfect for that rule. She plays the snotty is most trouble making devias little bitch Just like a slap rub along the side of the head On her's a buddy hack and they show the nice picture buddy hack and he's then case you've been sleeping folks Place you've been high none of the bed they haven't dropped any weapons yet, but they did find buddy hack its body. He's dead 79 I think anybody didn't like buddy hack. You know, I mean he was a little on the abrasive side But people more and more are like an abrasive look at the result we had for a furlough and our point yesterday It was sensational only 27 negative hosts out of like 1700 Far and away the best light of all of us including all of us meet you put together 11 which is the reason he's gonna be filling on most show tomorrow our show next week and in fact pretty soon It's gonna be all for real all day How many hours do you think he could talk like that? Do you think he can do that nonstop? He touched it at all the time No, no, I'm more of that But but regardless of that it seems to me that even if that's your normal speech pattern which it is now for him How long can you do that without just Terren your of Laring up well the fence help big your drugs for play is I see you need that's why the baby that's why the beast is producing a show He got really porked off though those early days when he started the eight to 10 thing I made some comment about the beast and what opinion the answer you are he got really better to shape Freed we're gonna cut off his supply. WQAM QAM Nobody there How do you press him? WQAM hello Retire oh he got it all right retired that was a good reading. They sure thank you so much Retire and work tire of your crap. It must be a podcast. Rob is boyfriend By the way Paulie man your full of crap. Okay, at least your consistent always full of crap And we start gonna hire you remember remember those times Either we're at least two or three times that he was begging for a job at QAM Muff contend and clearance the same thing and then every time I would out of money or about it Oh, he's a liar. I never did that I don't bull crap. Okay at least twice that I can be called last two or three years This man has pleaded and begged for that morning gig on QAM and then goes on here and denies it So not only are do you steal everybody's material poly but you full of crap your pants are on fire 560 pound 560 on the AT and T if rise well and in fact I think that is a good match Croissant of beast is a nice match and I think cash drill balls and this rich Sanchez. I think that's a match made in heaven 27 past noon at five 60 WKM got the man dog at two of the humpers in the studio Huff assignment today in entire two and a half hours four to six thirty Marlins on deck the pre-game at six thirty Marlins host of braids again seven or five tonight They're looking their chops as usual Eddie K. follows the baseball game Joe and Marko were nice who to five and a.m. and tomorrow morning no more Oh, it was on vacation tomorrow We had to have like billboards up for that no more and a morning the coast is clear out to our program Yoldian and eventually for else shows up about six don't you think he ought to But that means I have to get here at six No, you wouldn't because he's already already got second Robert in there You don't have to be why you have to be there for him to do the show You know when a guy's here is falling out in plumps when you're starting look like the beast on a bad day when have the gigantic bald spot That's like when you look like the golden Buddha that means it's time to get you some here So many ways you can do that everybody and his brother now is in a here replacement business every buddy that looks like like a dead musk red So if it is even worse than that and then we got the guy's son of the dangerous pills the holes drilled in your head all of these things Or you got Charles Alfieri who is the best for more than 35 years now Cherspin designing and supplying here for the real a big shots the show biz people and for every day people like you folks Do because no price in a world war by a better looking head of here That isn't the real thing and that's the great part about the natural hairline system It looks like the real thing like it's really your hair grown out of your scalp and right now Charlie's offering is some special hair system Only 549 bucks per first-time customers if you already have a hair system you can save yourself 50 percent on Service and repair of all types of air systems including shampoo and trim as well So give Charlie a try got off the loose, but that shiny bald spot because if you try one of his hair systems for 30 days If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells return it get you money back Charles Alfieri the benchmark of the here industry call him toll free and change your life Forever 1-800-3212413 that's 1-800-3212413 or check them on a web at Charles Alfieri.com Ryan We'll need a game with our whole that my life. Civil rights will be restored on sunny day. We'll need a game with we don't want a death. We'll just let them get us all this way. We'll need a game with our whole that my death. Civil rights will be restored on sunny day. Call 32 of five 60 WCM happy Tuesday happy Canada day. Big day here today it's a major major holiday nothing going on. No even so the newspapers ain't written today. Here's somebody says Eric Roberts which ordinarily I would agree and the coincidentally. And I just see that movie with him in Dean Kane last week. What was it called? No something. No something. And he was actually pretty good. He played a real nasty miserable mean spirited prick. He was the a villain. So earlier I would agree with the aircraft was he belongs on there people can't stand it. How about build past in it says he is the worst it rather here George on the ear than see a film with that kind of which I guess is saying a lot. I mean you know something led up on George today I thought the way it started the first few minutes I thought it was going to be like a four hour attack. Which really would be bad. This is maybe past isn't that bad but I don't like him. Maybe you seem to be a little about ski at. No I'm not. I just saw it. And I liked it. Did you? Yeah. I would kneel. Who's the one that's telling me not to see a George? George and I are both. I don't know George has seen it. I don't think it's for you. Why? Because they pee on somebody's leg or something? Well yeah actually you might like it. I'm Alex and I give it to my legs. I give it a chance. I'm not into it but I might try it. Sure. In fact Aaron from the previous high couple's contest number two if Aaron wanted to pee on my leg. I might you know. I might extend it. This article about Uncle Raise Gange and chips is kind of amusing. So so what's the verdict? Should I get that or not? Because you know me I go into the video story. I start getting a whole bunch of stuff. I can't find frail to you yet. There's still a lot of stock don't have it. It'll give you. It'll give you something to talk about. Just get it and if you don't like it you can blame me. Or I can just shut it off like it. It would transform. There is no chance that dead disk is ever make it back into my CD player DVD. Whatever the whole thing is in no chance. It's making it into my DVDs. That is the most grotesque. I'm going to relabel a CD of DVD and make you watch Thursday. I'll be somehow. Really? Yeah. I thought you liked this job. Oh yeah. I thought you needed this job. Though I'm here and yeah. The Moin Iowa woman bought a bag of potatoes. It was at a convenience store but discovered more than munchies in the bag. Lois Campbell 42 of the Moin opened a small sack of Uncle Raise Garlic Cleavered chips at any found another little bag inside. We were eating a few of the chips that was about to give some of my three year old child Campbell said, I thought it was a little bag of seasoning inside when I saw what it was. I called the police. A police reports at the contents of the heat seal bag smelled like marriage a week. Oh my god. Uncle Raise, Ganja and chips. I think we ought to open a place like they're right in the corner. That's great. Right behind Chuck's. He wishes we different. There will be one of the next few chips. There will be one of the next few chips. The movie's substance and the chips were seized as evidence. The Gitton Ghost Door where Camp. Gitton Go. The Gitton Ghost Door where Campbell bought this next is taking the rest of Uncle Raise chips off. It shall said Mandy Lockridge. The chips were packaged in Detroit Lockridge said. Oh they don't got none of that bad weed in Detroit. We only got the good stuff. The final was in there. They'll have to trace it back to Detroit. She said all the bad stuff at all. The guns. Violence. Burning places down all comes back to Detroit. Absolutely correct. It used to be so great. That's a great idea though. Great marks. That's a concept. That the chips you have the munchies right there. Right. That's right. You got the chip right there. Absolutely correct. What a fantastic combination. And you can have your friend with the maneuvering is the Ross de Héron his locks. He can be behind the counter. Tell him to sell him the pickle legs and sausages. Now the parents were in the room too. That'd be great. And they get and go with old mo. Yeah. Most of them need something to do once for else starts taking over six to eight. We can have him like behind the counter to the convenience store. And maybe while you're picking up a few things he can he can be. Oh right. Pick it up. Pick it up. I don't want to be behind the counter. Oh my. Oh here I'll package that. I'll wrap that pickle leg up in some on a west paper here for you. Sonny. Oh. Oh he's your shirt. Sure could add some flavor to it. 50670560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. WQAM. Yeah. I look at an ad a name to the list. Go right ahead sir. And talk to Neil. Was that possible? You're talking to him right now. Neil. Yes sir. Ed Norton. Ed Norton is definitely. Ed Norton. I don't know how this guy became an actor. He's annoying. He's got a funny smile like that. I'd rather see Norton from the honeymoon or is any day. I would rather see Norton from the honeymoon or is any day. This guy. And I want you to move you with this guy. I got I've got through more TV sets. If my wife didn't give me some control. Okay. I got it down. Thank you buddy. Countdown. 560560. I'd rather see Norton from the honeymoon or is any day. When you. He actually had an amazing performance with the another one of your favorite actors. Who's that? Richard gear. Oh. Who's it now? Richard gear. Was it was his lawyer? Did we ever put Richard gear on here? Yeah. We did. Where'd he go? He's got to be somewhere up there. I don't think he's on his list. No. Because of Richard. Oh, there he is. He's only got two votes. You got to be Schmidt me man. Richard gear's only got to appear. Guy. Get where that folks. Really slacken off. Whoppy's got 78. Leo's got 47. Barbara Streisand 31. Will Smith 23. Slice the loan 23. John Cland. God damn 23. That's a popular number. Sandra Bullock 22. They're doing that just to piss me off. I don't care. She's taken. She's laughing all the way to the bank. Polyshore 21. Adam Sandler 20. Patrick Swazie 18. Steven Sigales got a dozen. Julia Roberts 11 and single digits after that. 560 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Let me tell you about some folks who are the best at what they do in the universe. And that's dry concepts. To me, it's inconceivable after using these people in my house for over 20 years. Now inconceivable that there could be anybody anywhere to a better job of making your carpets look just like brand new. The choice is yours. Maybe your carpets are a little bit on the older side. They look like pretty bad and a smell bad too. Before you spend a ton of money in waste a lot of cash buying brand new carpeting. Car good friends and dry concepts. Even the nastiest woman carpeting in the world. They'll perform a miracle on your floor because they dry clean your carpets. They suck out even the deep down dirt way in the fire as your carpet. Make them look and smell and feel just like brand new. They smell and the fresh they're drying a couple of hours and you'll be amazed. It's just a stupidest job they do for you. And you never have to worry when you call dry concepts because there's no rip off. No tack onto the price when they finish the job to give you a written guaranteed price. Before they start the job on your carpeting your drapery. Your expensive area rugs and oriental rugs. Your poultry little their furniture. And if you have problems with pet orders and mill the waters caused by water damage again. Dry concepts will perform a miracle right there in your home and make them disappear like crazy. Call dry concepts today, tool free. You'll never use anybody else again. Call them at 1-800-2-4-8-5-7-1-1-1-800-2-4-8-5-7-1. Or log under their website at rockconcepts.com. It's the truth when you call dry concepts you clean today and you can entertain tonight. Why and local? Your sports radio 5-60's you a-U-A-M. So big. You won't be hearing Marlbert announcing sports anymore. But now you can hear him sing. Or the first time ever on his new CD. If you want my cooking charge, get the thing dry like the rest. Like some veggies in a dress and another guy. And I'll say yes. Everybody's gonna want to say yes when they hear Marlbert. And the do-you want to bite my ass grass. You don't even sack at me, hot. These were evades without a grudge. Or dance around with my diaper run, making all over my face. And they go squishy when I shawth her. Yeah, I really flint my wigs. Over-of-the-hispatic kiss. That's what you've cited. To bite the cellulite on there you be my friend. Yes, my demon. Yes, you like to fall. My dinghy. Marlbert and then do you want to bite my ass grass. Available now at the hot means all night pretty things in for you. Yeah, good. Marlbert placed some of that we all love and no one. I'm on the end of football on radio. Yeah, absolutely. 24 at 560 WQA I'm 560 750 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Now line nine. What's the-how many days is it been since we had a real call in line nine? Not third man. It's always that same jackass WQA M. Line nine. Yeah, I. Yes, sir. Neil. A real call I can't believe it. Neil. Yes. Yes, I was watching the Wall Street channel last week and Tyler Madison. Yeah. With introducing Rick Sanchez to come on next. Oh. And he said, and next we're going to have the man that Rick Sanchez loves to hate Neil Rogers. What what does that mean? Well, it was just very funny that he was he would mention that. I don't understand what what does that mean. I have no idea that's all he said. You know, he turned to the, you know, the camera was faced towards the audience. Yeah. And he said that the man that Rick Sanchez loves to hate Neil Rogers. I'm sure that had tremendous significance to the National audience watching. Well, no, maybe the people in Florida though. Okay. Well, thank you. I already have a homosexual relationship with Neil. So I might as well have one with you too. Do you have any, you know what that must be? That must be a Ted what's his name? Deal. Ted David. They used to call this show constantly chronically until I started really ripping a gambling channel and ask which state is there. Must be maybe Ted David turned everybody else at C and B C onto this show. You think that's possible? Do you think that's possible? Sure. Ola. You guys, I'm telling you guys, you need to eat. Are you guys eating now? Is that what's going on? There's no food. We didn't order food at all. Why not? Oh, speaking of the gambling channel. Look at the bad news. All right. Also more on Miriam Webster's newest date. That was down 90 points. And as the ex down 18, per curiously close to going under 16 hundred again. The that was under under nine thousand and down 91 point. Yeah, but everything's looking up roses man. Everybody's working now. And things are really going great. How's that? You just wait till we invade Iran. Five six seven. I still don't understand that whole thing. See, when you have an international audience like CNBC does, why would you mention somebody that nobody has any idea who you're talking about? WQAM. Yes sir. Uh, two suggestions. Is Rob Schneider on the list? Uh, I don't think so. Oh, he should be. Okay. Absolutely should be. A comedic range from A to B. Ha ha ha. Yeah. Oh, and Geneva, Raffalo. Oh. Can't stand her. Okay. We got him down. All right sir. Thanks, Bally. Thank you. Happy Canada today to you. Five six seven. Five six. The calls about George have stopped. Thank God. That poor little bastard was taking a beating there for about five minutes. Now I'm pretty proud of the audience. They had an opening there. We get open the door wide open for them just to abuse and bruise and tattoo him. But I think maybe the early comments to the fact that George has no personality. And he's not funny and is boring is listening to paint. I think maybe that covered their feelings. You know, those people are an regulatory. And this was going to bother you then. What's the point? It will bother me a lot. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T. And I guarantee that our program brain trust is sitting in their office. Now, digging for dollars just like mode does. Or actually and they're probably. Huh? The Rattland. Or like I said after the three hour lunch to sit in their office hanging on everywhere. Well, you know, maybe he's really going to be considered. Maybe we should stick for a while on there. You know what? You know the bottom line Monday, Wednesday and Friday. These next two months starting this Monday. I don't give a crap what they put on. How do you like that? I mean, that I'm being perfectly honest with you. I'm not going to be here on those days. I will not be on here those three days under any circumstances. And that's it. And whatever else they put on, good luck to you guys. Okay? WDQAM. All right. I got a website. You guys are talking about all the lot. The stuff. Yeah. I call the jam dunk. It's serious. No pun intended on the title. It's J.M. Do you M.G. And it's a week dictionary without you making pot. Really? Yeah. That's why we're pot. Pot. Yeah. I'm on the cloud and Rothquad and all that stuff. Okay. And I just thought you guys are beautiful. Jam dunk dictionary. Yeah. J.M. Do you M.G. God. Thanks a lot, Pally. All right. No problem. I'll get one. Ever jam dunk? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. The effect when you see Mo next time when it comes back from vacation when you do the cross-related o'clock, you might just want to ask them that. Hey, Mo. Ever jam dunk? Every day. I don't know. WQAM. I really kind of need to mute this. Speaking. Moories. I'm a Reese how you doing. Pretty good, yourself. Not too bad. Let's go to Moories, hello. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. How you doing? Yeah. Going back to the, no one on the pitch has a pediatrics thing. Yeah. We've got a display and about the entire thing. I want to have a thing with you list. You got WPG over there? WPG? Yeah. That's a good one. Okay. I can ask. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pa. See you at the, uh, get and go. Why didn't we think to put WPG over there? I'll always, look at that immediately. She got 80 votes just like magic. Wow. He's in the first place. That was instant. Nice work, guys. WPG's got 80. Leo DeCaprio's got 47. Varma Streisand, cross-dies, big nose. Nasty. Uh, she can't act for Schmidt. She's got 34. Plus, uh, you know, like I've said before, they're certain. That's a good poll too. Which of these people do you consider a walking ad for anti-Semitism? She's got to be on the top of that list and she right near the top? Who? I'll goal sleep. Jerry Seine. Out. Out. Out, gold and Jerry Seine, pal. Definitely. Out, gold's thing is a walking ad for anti-Semitism. Maybe like a, uh, a sitting ad, not a walking ad. A squatting ad. I don't think I've ever seen it. I think I've just heard his voice. Then why would you say that? Why would you say he's a walking ad for anti-Semitism? Just because he says, I'm a fat Jew. Yeah, that's all. He's uh, got his own problems. Leave me alone. What the Goldberg 80, Leo DeCaprio 47. It's strictly a tourist race. Varma Streisand, small to faves. But if we did that poll on who's a walking ad for anti-Semitism, and that of course there'd be those people getting all bent out of shape. It just happens to be true. Every minority has a stereotype. There would be like saying, which of these actors or actresses is a walking ad for homophobia? You know, Charles Nelson Riley. Um, who's some, what, what, the Jim J. Bullock? Super, I'm going with this? There are people who just look and act like the stereotype that everybody says, Ah, it's a fact. It's a, it's a, it's a cike, you know, whatever they say. Look, uh, colors of the front desk. Very excellent choice. Oh, good gravy. Man. Hey, it, it, it, it's too bad we missed him here this weekend. A long as we had enough to, we had enough hundreds of thousands of others. I'm sorry. I just, I've, I've, I've never even went outside when all that stuff was going on. I was watching my once upon a time in America for our addition, while the big gay, uh, pride parade was going on here Sunday. Because I just don't think that being gay means that you're like, uh, dressed up like some kind of a fruit cake and missing and, uh, wencing and I, I don't, I don't want to be associated with that. I mean, more power to those guys that sew up their bag is fine. Just leave me out. And the same thing with a jury's son, though. It's, it's, and basically what he asked me to think, it's like a New York Jewelty. You also have to be from New York. Hmm. Richard Drakfiz. There's another one. Makes my skin crawl. WC, I am. New York? Yes, I am. Uh, a long time, uh, third time called. Okay. Um, I'm working down. For, probably say, I hate Adam's family. Like, what a, what a passion like poison. He's got no talent. I don't think he's funny. Thirty night while I was never funny, but you kind of blew up. I got a couple weeks ago called, and when you did, talking about movies. Uh, to tell you about punch drunk love. And I got to tell you, I hate Adam's family. Yeah. Great movie. And it's in the video source. Now, you got to rent it. Hmm. Well, obviously he's not playing that same stupid character that he plays in all the other movies he's in. No, no. He's like, uh, he's like a wimpy kid who never stands up for himself. Yeah. And he somehow been like moderately successful in some junkie little warehouse business. But I'm not going to give it away, but, uh, yeah, I've been going to do with him in a sense. But I'll tell you what, it's a great movie and a great movie. Yeah, we were. Thanks about that earlier. We had, uh, the fact that we said was sensational. And, and I went to rent it, Rayquim, for a dream because you talked about it. Right. And I, and I thought, it's all the three ms. More home drive, uh, Magnolia, and the mental. Right. Uh, it's a great service to find out that there's like, this is like literature on film, you know? Or it's like, you're getting a great story, not just, uh, you know, it's thrown around your head, thrown around for about two hours or two hours. Right. I agree. All right. That's all I got. Thank you, Neil. Thanks a lot, Pal. I wrote it down. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, the pound five, six, the only AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. What was that? Well, the crabby cranky, what was the name of that reviewer that gave two charities or whatever was to, uh, record Mr. Cranky. Mr. Cranky. Like, you have a spanky, Mr. Cranky, an asshole. They got it. Facts that end. Don't waste our facts paper again with garbage like that. Consider the source. Everybody's a movie critic. I did you see this or not? No. I told you I can't find the unedited version. And did I tell you the stuff has gone? I know, but he's not launched. I can't get it from. Now's the good time to go in here and like rifle through his desk. His eye got to know what you might find. That's what the Park Tau just said to us, and he said, you'd be amazed. I'm dying out of the hair. She generally I find that people who don't like movies like Requiem for Dream and Magnoid and those kind of movies are people who are stupid. Those are the same kind of people who would go to see Arnold Schwarzenegger and slice the lomovis. That's their speed. You know, I mean, everybody's got to find their own level. They're just stupid because they don't understand it. And then like that the stupid review there. But wow, this is so obvious everybody knows that everybody's hooked on drugs. Got it. Yeah, right. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and rise and wireless line. Our gigantic one to two. Then we got the mad dog at two. Don't forget we're giving away Marlon tickets to everybody who calls. Are we? No. Now let me ask you something because I only hear like the last two or three minutes of for a lecture like after a 15. Yeah. Now how long does he get around these days like tonight when he's got his big Marlon Vash is thing going at the ballpark. How long does he get those tickets away for? What do you mean like, the third man? The first year's like it days in the vanjoven? No, I mean like how what part of the show and what time does he start giving those tickets away? Whatever he randomly feels like it. But once they let's say yesterday he gave us them away. So today all show that's all anyone wanted. What's the tickets? So once he starts he can't stop. Well what time did he start like 803? But 830. Come on. Damn serious. He gave away Marlon tickets for an hour and a half today? Off and on. Yeah. And then gets to the point where people don't even want to have a conversation. They just say give me the tickets. That's it. You know, I always like to job George does. He may not be exciting. He's not simulating. He doesn't have a great sense of how he has a great sense of humor, but not he doesn't express it. In other words, he's not a funny guy. But I always thought that George was rock solid. You know what I mean? Wimpy. Week. Has a week voice. Little on the is wishy side sounding. Failing. But. Fuff a never give way. No Marlon tickets. Fuff 57 at 560 WQM if you're in a really dead end job man. Like mo. You know what I'm talking about? Absolutely. You can see the end on the the handwriting on a wall. Maybe colleges to expensive to give the training you need to just take too long. You don't have four years. If you can afford 10 bucks a month and commit yourself to three nights a week for four months. Fast train can up you achieve you new high pain computer career. That's absolutely correct. Just 10 bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify. So call fast train and get your life out of that rut. Get under the road or real job and a big fat one and a paycheck to call fast train. 866 fast train and with four locations in town there is bound to be one convenient to where you live. So call them and talk to a train career counselor. Fast train offers day evening weekend schedules job placement hands on training to call fast train today. Be sure and tell them that cranky old Neil told you to call 866 fast train. They're deferred payment is valid for a year regular payments apply their after. Whether you're a high school student on summer break somebody in underpaid dead and job or just looking to increase your net worth. Call fast train toll free. 1 866 fast train or check them out of that wicked worldwide web. Be sure and tell them that Todd director did call by the way. Give them a good chuckle. Check them out of the web at fast train.com. My life and law. This is for 25. You and you and you and you. So what do you have? You do our. I need another abortion and I need it fast. I feel like a baby hanging out my ass. I'm havin' and havin' trouble lifting my feet. And I quit the fake and lies down the street. If the abortion shuffle. The abortion shuffle. So best we got the intro ball. Clean the out on the double. Strap me in the stir of 10th of Feet of Adam and babe. Reck them. Thanks for all the juices that I've had in the store. And lactating milk all over my shirt. I'm walkin' like a ham taken faties. And I'm a pork stomach, a gay spread in the dress. It's the abortion shuffle. The abortion shuffle. The abortion shuffle. The abortion shuffle. Get the hang around the double. The abortion shuffle. And fun to run away. All the strength we in the shirts get the beat is out of our day. One-on-one of five secreted human-chartugmatic one-of-two-hour new book Outlines, Drugs and Violence. All right. In JFK, Jr.'s marriage. She instead of wasting your time on a Hillary book, which is really very, very, it's boring. Here's something you might like. By the time they died in 1999, Plankrash, John F.K. Jr. and his wife, Carolyn Bissett, and her wife, Drugs, suffered beds in violence. According to a new book by Kennedy Family Buggler, Edward Klein, excerpt in Vanity Fair on yesterday. In McKinity, Curse, why tragedy is haunted America's first family for 150 years, Kline said that two days before he died, Kennedy, the only son of a sess named a President in JFK, told a friend his marriage was deteriorating. It's got to stop, otherwise we're headed for divorce, Kennedy told a friend, and a call from the Stanhoe Potel, where Kline said he took refuse from his wife's cocaine habit, and violent temper. How do you like that? Can you imagine they Kennedy's with a drug problem? I want to have kids, but one of our ways to subject with Carolyn, she turns away and refuses to have sex with me, Kira Kennedy told a friend, he had picked out a name, Flynn, for the son he dreamed of having. Klein quoted Bissett's fashion industry, friends of St. Louis, known she was a heavy user of drugs, and the Kennedy Carter snorting lines of cocaine. With friends at the couple's New York apartment, you were co-cad Kennedy's screamed at his wife? A staff member from Kennedy's political magazine, George told a dinner in which the set made at least half a dozen trips to the bathroom. Returning to the table with white rings. Return to the table with white rings around her nostrils. We went from the bar to bar, she wanted to come over to my apartment, but I said no, because I knew it would be an all night to the friends, and I dropped her off at 3 in an AM. The next morning, Kennedy asked why the staff and his wife were out so late, the staff member replied, a better question is why your wife didn't want to go home. How do you like that, huh? And according to friends, Kennedy worried that Carolyn was cheating on him with old flame, Michael Bergen, a Baywatch actor, and former model of Calvin Klein underwear. They continued their affair even after Bissett had moved in with Kennedy, Klein, a fan of the Perk and her being editor, as well as Kennedy Viagra for Bissett. And it goes on, what's the name of the book? The Kennedy curse, I'm going to go out and get it today. Cheers, I'll beat you out of this damn Hillary book. Don't get the Hillary book, please save your money, it sucks. The Kennedy curse, you're writing this down? Huh? Of course, why? I don't know. The Kennedy curse, why tragedy is haunted America's first family for 150 years by Edward Klein. I'm going to go out and get that two day, baby. If it's not even if it's out on the market. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. For us, good day about actors' necklaces, you cannot stand who are so bad who you despise so grotesquely and so strongly that if you find out they were to move you would not go see it for lover money. W2QAM. Hola. Okay. Yes, sir? Hello? Speak to me, yes. Who's this? This sounds like Neil to me. Yes. Sorry, isn't it? Woody, great, right? Oh, my God. I knew it was some kind of a small poke Jesus Christ, Woody. Sorry, a little bit of sleep today. I thought Terminator 3 last night. And that will do it. Ah, Car scene chase was great, but other than that forget it. Okay. Ah, but do you have Charles Groton on your list? Ah, one of my least favorite people in a world. Ah, God, that guy just totally turns me off. This is a guy. I think he was the beginning of the end for MSNBC. Remember when they put him on there? Oh, Charlie. Charlie. That rodent. GROD and he is the most self absorbed. He even makes Keith Obermann look modest by comparison. That's what an egotistical jackass. Ah, Charlie Roden is. Yeah, I mean, like, whenever I see his name, see his face here, his name is voice. I just, you know, totally turn off. Totally turn off. I remember one of his commentaries in MSNBC when he was going on participating about Howard Stern about the shock juxton radio and about how we need to get all these people off the air and clean up the airways. And he was going through this big long, reself-frighteous bunch of crap. I wanted to puke. He's not evenly. The guy just really just rubbed me totally the runway. I just want to run here and run totally up the correct. How's things going? What are you okay? I'm doing fine. Don't find him. I'm Mr. Orange. Yeah. But, you know, things have been going good. Can't complain. Excellent. Take care of yourself, Woody. All right. You take care of yourself too. Next time you call a respond when I speak to you, okay? I will certainly try. Respond when you're spoken to have a great day, Woody. You too, the other way. Bye. 560, 560, Pond, 560, Charles Groton. I'm so glad Woody Graver called in, which I really would say that. But in this case, I am. Oh, maybe Woody handsome tickets for us to give away. Ha ha ha ha. You have to be joking me. Come on. You know, don't tell me the guy's only on for two hours. Everybody loves him. Maybe that's why they like him. He's given away 3B's the whole show. Oh, God, what his wacky personality and all of his stuff. He's got going. He's given away Marlon tickets. You'd almost think that that. I mean, that's like a way of buying calls, given away tickets. You know what I'm saying, Beast? I understand what you're saying. Yeah. And you're, of course, not going to say anything because you need buy. I don't think he's buying calls. Well, the what's the point? Because he has a very good relationship with the Marlon. He wants to help them out. Oh, my. I know. Oh, no. Like I said, George does a fine job on his show. Okay. That's the final word on that. I mean, see, again, I understand he's coming from a good spot. His hearts enter right place. But he hasn't lived here if you all have the Wayne business and the John Henry business and the big and for the stadium business and all of this other try to be the dead horse. You know, trying to breed some life and make what I happen. It ain't going to happen. Get much hats he'll figure it out. You'll figure one out. That it's a he already told me that off the air. It almost beer arrues. Because he already admitted that to me the first week. The first day I met him. He said, I know it's, you know, all about your crap. You know, is that nobody's going to show up there? But I guess it's a good way to get laid. That's what Bina Boy said. And that's why it wasn't there that you got laid. It was a treasure island. So now what to deal is George doing a treasure island thing this week. Is that next week? We're doing a Friday. We're doing it to life fourth. Oh, that's why he asked me this morning when he came in before he went home. Pukin is got out. He said, you think I really am going to take the day off because he's doing the treasure Island thing Friday night. And I said, you bait your sweet ass. You're going to take the day off. Nobody else is working. Wait till the audience hears the schedule for Friday on a fourth of July. But you're high paid talent. Like we got on QM. There's not going to be showing up on the fourth of July. I'm putting yours truly. That's another thing. Howard was visibly angered. And I upset this morning at the fact that the people that I was going to do is show. Oh, is that for real? I thought that was a put on. No, no. He's like he was yelling in the neighborhood. I heard that part of his show when he was doing that right to send the nation. And there ought to be Robert. Now, but it says here on my schedule, Curtis and Zach. Is that incorrect? Is that incorrect? From what I heard. I thought it was a meeting. We never had so much dead air on this show in the head. No, no, I was looking for the schedule for I. Yeah. The last I heard was in the Curtis and Len, but maybe Zach's in. I don't know. Well, on my schedule, which very well could be wrong because Terence could make a schedule. And since you and he have been spending so much time together, he doesn't have time for detail. So he just whips this out. His hands are busy. Yeah, he whips this out real fast. Curtis and Zach, but I guess it's Curtis and Len. Well, but that's the last I heard. Me too. I mean, Lenny Martaz. Yeah. Oh, my god. No wonder he's pissed off. I mean, Lenny's a good guy, but give me a break. Lenny Martaz. Lenny Martaz is going to be on the Hollywood Mohawk and Avershow. Can you fit, Louvre? Wow. That is special. Although again, he's going to be on vacation. See, that's one of the many, many differences between me and Mo. One of the many. He said about five points in ratings. Is the fact that, you know, he's, he's obsessive. You know, it's one thing to care about your show, which we all do. We don't want to put, you know, a total bunch of crap on there. But to be that obsessive, I want the beast off of there right now. He's very unprofessional. You know, that they he caught. I was in the bullpen that they when he called guilty off the ear and demanded that they drag your ass out of there and didn't want. And the guy's on vacation. He has the day off and he's listening. Yeah, I wasn't allowed to do updates when he was gone on his show. Why? Surely you'll fart. Anyway, so somebody's going to be doing five days. Somebody that Mo is very upset about to which we say. Oh, right. Yeah. We're happy about it. Absolutely. And you're feeling it for forl, which makes sense because that's, he's, you work. He's show anyway. Right. Now, whatever you did on our show on Thanksgiving, I won't do that ever again. Don't do that again. What I don't remember what I was. I don't what's locked it out of my memory. Don't do that at home in my life. Best in the old tend to do beanier boy, basically. It'll be doing the same thing. He done on Memorial Day and did from all accounts to stupidious job of playing a lot of bits. No best in the old tape. Okay. Don't be playing the fiddle and the Pope again or whatever that was. Alien on and the Pope. No more. Then from 2 to 5 30 Friday, we got the big. Oh, okay. And believe me, those are the only days you ought to be on the era like special. It's pretty cool. He's such a nice guy, but oh, he's horrible on here. Marlon's on deck at 5 30 on Friday. Five. But that's good man. Then at 6.05, the Marlon's at the fillies because it's the fourth of July. So they had that holiday special starting time. Followed by many, many, many, many hours of ESPN radio because it's cheap. It's there. It's free. And we just open up a pot. And everybody has a nice July fourth on there. Oh, there's a schedule for you before you go to break. Yeah. You've got to break. Um, our audio vault just crashed. Oh, no. Yeah. So let me, let me, let me run out there and see what the hell's going on. Okay. We got a lot of spots this hour, two being her boy. We can't afford to be like losing all that revenue. You have to stay until midnight. I'm after cancel of Arlington. 5 6 7 0 5 6 the old van here for midter two till it comes back in. Give me the high sign when it comes back in. Okay. I will. W to Q a M. Q a M. And this will be pressing. See, it's great when you do a screen list because you get a million calls. But then it's always the same. You know, you take by now they understand how it works. You know, you think W to Q a M. Yes, sir. Good to talk. You may have been trying to reach you couple of days. All right. I ran a mental over the weekend. I haven't finished watching it. I can't understand what's going on. I've watched it for 10 minutes. A burst 10 minutes. Yeah. What, what's with that guy? I don't, I don't understand. He's got a little memory problem. Okay. Second. I'm got a short term. Now listen to me. If you go online on eeggs.com. Right. And click on where it says DVDs. And go through there. They're an alphabetical order. If you scroll through to the mental. There is a way that you can, if you find the easter eggs on the DVD. And there's a way you do it. Very simple. You click certain things on the menu. You can watch it in chronological order. So it's much less confusing. In other words, it shows you're from the beginning. Because what you're really watching is from the end back to the beginning. And he's got this memory lost. So it's enough to drive you nuts. But don't do that. The first time you watch it. You can do that later on. But the first time you watch it. So I've run to train spotting. I found that interesting. It's far to follow the dialogue. Yeah. From subtitle. He's going to stand with us going on. And I have to admit it was pretty gross when he died. This is a toilet. Oh, not for me. I can't handle it. And last night at least. The orange one was so bad. And got an hurricane in that for many couple years. Five o'clock. Five o'clock. Five six seven, five six. What happened with Vina boys? He's going to wander around in a hallway looking for a life. I found Timmy to be working on. He said to give him two to give him a set of we back up. He said give it to a three minutes while I tell you what. We can stretch the balance for life spot out that far because the beast. I'm sure he's got a lot of comments to make about how well he was doing on it. I was. Yeah. That it all disappeared. What do you mean by that? It came back. It was all gone. One day just in show up at my door. Oh, you're in our door. Listen. Listen. I want to come up for a month. This is just hurry. Shut up for a minute. Kick him in the side of the head. No wonder for all gets upset. Anyway, Todd Drek, Facts is me. The fast train locations. Kindle Miami, Pembroke Pines, I've forgotten after I made the cost to comment. I love you, Neil Godey writes, Drek is the word man. You are absolutely useless. A man who just, If you ask him, What does the word work mean? He looked at the, I have no idea what that means. I haven't got a freaking clue. Anyway, A lot of people have lost a lot of weight on balance. For like, Beast lost about 60 pounds. Before he turned into where we were. Ansel and stuck him right around by the nose. But at any rate, he was doing well. He liked the food with delicious. And everything was a hunky door. What a great. Until he screwed us over. Let me tell you, you folks out there, the little black sack is the key to lose in a way. You've tried atkins. You've tried the grapefruit died. You've tried still, and you've tried the, every died under the sun. Jenny Craig and wait, watches and hasn't done the job for it. Balance for like, might do it because you might be one of those people out there. Who needs some help. You don't want to be counting calories. Or even cooking or shopping. You don't have to do any of those things with balance for like, they do it for you. They deliver right here door. A nice little black sack every morning inside of which. Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks. Just pass on a babaganoose. That's all. Fill out that menu to alternatives. Reach meal everyday to turn a program. And the food is all balanced based on his own diet. The weight pours off your body. And because there are five meals in there. Five feedings. There's plenty to keep you full all day long. So pick up that phone to the answer that you've been looking for for years to get yourself back in a good weight back in the shape and quit being a. And quit being a thargic and maybe on a verge or over the line of being diabetes. Balance for life here's the number. Are you diabetic yet? By the way, Beast? No, you will be. Call 9 5 4 5 6 8 30 29 5 6 8 35 2 29 or check them out on that wicked worldwide web and start losing weight results within just a matter of days. Balance for life.com. And look. It's not ready yet. No. That's okay. The whole building crashed. Yeah. I wasn't going to be the control room and see if I thought for sure that between the Todd direct facts and a spot that we give about a three minute spot. I thought for sure. Right now. No. Yeah. Apparently it's not just hours, which is usually the case. I wanted to be able to control room and the Curtis couldn't do a force because his is down to. Yeah. So. So we'll just continue rolling along. I'll do the live spot and see this is another reason if we had somebody who had to make a log out. Remember? The hours in the show where we had two minute breaks and all the other crap instead of having all jammed into this hour now where there's a whole bunch of spots that may or may not get played. Cook cost a lot of money. The WQM, which is what screwing gets really psychotic about. But that's how much he's charging this week. You know who told me that? Roy. Here's the fact this is from Paul. Could you please add your list spikely that racist F1. I was never and will never see anything directed there or movie with him in it. Yeah, let's get spikely on it. Okay. He thinks just because he's black, he should win a Oscar for directing one of his schmitty movies. Please play a little brown coupe. Oh, I haven't played that in a long time. So the verdict is why, is he just going to keep working on this and maybe we will maybe won't. Right. Okay. Sounds reasonable to me. He's finally to go. Oh. I'm so close with I got. I'm so proud for I got. It needs to be too black about to don't put me down. I'm actually worth my car, that's what Alex Brown did. I saw who he was drunk and attempted to go. And you can see the road through the road and the floor. It's my little round truth. I saw proud for that guy. That's what I got. I'm so proud for I got. It's a pretty hooker hole. One headlight. So when did he get started? I got to use my knife. Which I think breaks down. No, it's not how to fix. Because the tape and failing wire, plus the truth. It's my little round poop. I'm right. I'm so proud for that guy. So proud for that guy. I never knew how to drive a car before. But the end of the key is when I got to the shore. I didn't even know that you make your really thick. This one more thing. I got no blanks. It feels up with what you're underrated today. But the tape and the windows seems to work okay. The dirt will start to shake. And I try to steal. And I can't steal this out of shaking. It's a little round poop. I saw proud for that guy. I'm so proud for that guy. It's my little round poop. I saw proud for that guy. I'm so proud for that guy. Just my little round poop. I'm a local. This is 50-50. The radio's on your... You win! This place, nothing works here. The medicalians don't work. I've been here for seven years. Nothing works here. I hate this place. Nothing works here. The medicalians don't work. I've been here for seven years. I hate this place. Nothing works here. Where are you the fairy and... That's a Luli. There's the fairy and... There's a Luli and... He's the fairy and... ohh.. In the purple coloured Sodom, He's got a medic at飯 and... It's the burger. I'm very happy. Me, you're confetti, so he's gotta get married. I'm very happy. I'm gonna get married. They're all taking home all now. He's gotta get married. Don't you dare look away from home. Yes. He's a fair and a dark, rich, mug with a go-up dog. A childish dog. That's what he stole for. That's the wrong home. And he's never each to down a road. A sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet. Gotta get married. Very, very, very, very, very sweet. Gotta get married. Okay. They're painting home all but he's gonna get married. Home all has to go on, very low. They're really some nasty piece. 124, 560, WQM555. We're gonna have 555 votes. Don't you love that? And look at the people who have no votes. Spike Lee just went on their Charles Groton. Come on, what do you get with it? Ed Norton don't have any. Eric Roberts' none. That's a prize to make Kurt Russell, man. Gina Grushon has none. How about George Grushon? He'll have any. Ashley, Judge, got one. Brennan, Fraser one. I'm gonna go back to the top. Okay, there's a whole bunch that aren't getting too many. Wopy Goldberg, which actor actress would cause you absolutely positively, not to see a movie if they were in it. Wopy's got 86. Leo to Caprio 50. Barbara Streisand 40. Pauli, sure, 31. John Claw, God damn 30. Slice the loan 28. We'll Smith by in a bunch of other 26. Here's a fact that says in this one. It is ridiculous. My wife says, although I mean, she's in Taddleau, our opinion, my wife says 10 Eastwood is there to be on your pool. She said she'd vote him in 100 times. I personally think he's okay, says the facts are. And it also says no mole mole. Absolutely. At the bottom. At least what? How could you put him on there? Even if you don't like Westerns, even if you can't stand the fact that it sounds like his vocal cords have been snapped as a child, and he could barely speak. Playlist before me was good, right? None others. I mean, I've just mentioned that one because that's one of the probably my favorite from thesewood movie. He was in a lot of good movies. Yep. He sides all those stupid, um, shoot him up movies. What was the character? Dirty Harry. But I tell you, guy, did they bring in some drugs to there or what? You guys must be on doggy downers? No. Or is the transmitter off? Or is this just a dry run? This is a joke. I've heard of April Fool's a joke. This got to be an early July. Maybe it's a candidate they joke. I think I know what it is. The beast's in a lot of talk to much of the other show, and usually I'm the third choice on this show. So we're having a little, uh, no, that is true. Well, that's a little bit late to be his, the sighting is now. You're feeling George's role today. Now, one of the things people say George talks too much, but they don't hate you as much as they hate George. That's true. You hate you a lot more than you. No, I don't know. You're one of those people you can't stay mad at. You know, you're infuriating for a little while, but then when they see you walk in the streets, you're going to see the big ball head shining, radiating light all over the walls. Seriously, you just can't stay mad at the beast. Even they have been able to agree with that. Can I get back on the sack? With the clearance. Oh, I'm already on it. I don't have to get back on it. Or you're talking about balance for light. Yeah. If you promise to stay with it, I'll pull some strings. I will stay with it. I actually lose 60 pounds by December because I've a, I've a wedding to go to. I have 60 more pounds. Please, I don't get some back. So I don't want to know how many pounds of game back. I'm turning man. I don't want to know. Give me a clue. I have to fit into it, touch. What letter of the alphabet is the number start with? Um, T. From my lowest point on balance for life? Yeah. I probably gained back about, uh, about third man. Really? Close to it. That's half of what you lost. I know. I have been several months by the way for those people out there. A little bit skeptical. It's been many, many months now. And, uh, you know, the only, this time, if we do it, you can't, I don't want to remember this reminds me of, this is like being a boy over the weekend, which I haven't mentioned this on the ear because it's too embarrassing. Everybody deserves a second chance. Now in your case, you're getting a third chance. And I would say in both your cases, it's your last chance. I could be really tense, guys. Have you had the coffee coffee crunch by the way? No, I stay away from that stuff. Otherwise there's like four pines going to be done in the second. And I'm not anybody to talk about weight because this last week has been a disaster for me. I've gained about five pounds since I came back here, which is what now. We can have, did you really eat seven clondike bars? Yes. Not just regular clondike bars, but clondike score with score ice cream in the middle. Uh, seven. And I had five more, but I threw them out. I ran, I ran to the garbage bag, I ran to the garbage bag, I ran to the garbage and I shoot it out. See, I like you. Once I get going, I binge. It's like, it's all over. And ordinarily, I'm not like that, but the problem is if I see you know how this works, you buy more than you think you're going to eat. Even though in a backier mind, you know that if you have it, it's like a drug addict. If you have it around, you're going to eat it. If it's there, it's gone. That is absolutely correct. And you and I are the only ones who can will admit this. The rest of you people out there, you fat slabs, we've seen you. You lie like crazy. I tried again last week when I admitted about to seven clondike bars. Everybody thought that was most amusing in this disgusting and they were right, but I'm the only one. You know, they want me to feel that way. I know that you're full of crap because I can see it. Most of you fat fat people. And then also, it's up here too because all those great businesses, they've exported their fat across the border and around the world. They're killing the world with fat. And then the beast defense, he has been mentioned ordering food to me today or should we get lunch or anything like that? That's very good. And now who's that's a Troy. Troy the boy. I'm going to make sure before I go on this far. I'm not going anywhere. Because I'm going to be on Tuesdays and Thursdays. I'll make sure that Troy gets your name back on there with our friend Troy over a balance for life. We give you another chance. We'll start getting those menus for you. Get that little black sack going again. Just no bobby can do. And the good part of it is since now that dictum came down that you can't eat in your studio over there. You'd have to worry about eating in their world for real. And you make a point of not coming into our studio and watching him. I've never seen him anybody like that. He's tall skinny guy. I should have seen him today. Today was legendary. He had an egg sandwich in one hand and a real cutlet. So we're not aware where was he eating this. Like I said, um, uh, because he never came in and bonded with us today. He never came in and bonded with us today. And I have a feeling that he was eating in the studio. Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. Anyway, 130 at 5.60. We're a little backed up here. So I better do this break now. Okay. Hey, you folks out there. We call dial mappers at 1-800 mattress yet. If not, then what could you possibly be waiting for if you want the very best brands at discount prices every day without any of the hassles of showroom shopping that are urgent to do what I always do. Call 1-800 mattress right now. These people have got delivery down to a science. You get to choose the date and time to fit your schedule. What a breath of fresh air. That is you get a two hour windows. You're not sitting around wasting a day all day long. And dial mappers delivers evenings, weekends, holidays, even unshivoo is. Even on the 4th of July. That's right. Whenever it's most convenient for you. Maybe you're thinking about one of those Swedish foam mattresses. You see in special these doors. Well, dial mappers carries tempered pedic as well. Plus all the big name brands, certissimance, King Corlan, see the discount prices every day. So I have an biggest mattress during the country just to phone call away. Now, you're recently called 1-800 mattress. Got a new one from the folks at dial mappers. And there's screw in their brains out so much. He's getting married now. How do you like that? Nothing could be easier in the mattress part two. There were right on time. They set up to new mattress. And the mattress took out the crappy smelly old soil vetting everything. So no way. Another minute pick up the phone right now and call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATT-RES for dial mappers. They easiest, the smartest way you get to a new name brand mattress. Don't forget you can check them on the web at mattress.com. We're supposed to be in 5-6 years. You weigh in. What the fuck is that? We're supposed to be in 5-6 years. We're supposed to be in 5-6 years. We're supposed to be in 5-6 years. We're supposed to be in 5-6 years. We're supposed to be in 5-6 years. We're supposed to be in 5-6 years. We're supposed to be in 5-6 years. We're supposed to be in 5-6 years. We're supposed to be in 5-6 years. We're supposed to be in 5-6 years. We're supposed to be in 5-6 years. We're supposed to be in 5-6 years. We're supposed to be in 5-6 years. We're supposed to be in 5-6 years. Absolutely. But I don't think we'd never find her. We'll never endeavor in the plays. We'll never have to find her. We won't die If we have to make original solutions, The smell of all those white hours but If you still need convincing to me, I trust you and it But I don't deny it from all the pain from it But he falls at you, who knows such and he can't get up Who's the new team here away? But you know what they think? Hey, gonna find it! I know! Hey, they never had them in the way 1.36 is 5.60 WQM. I'm just looking at what was looking for something in a sun-scent And I checked, I should know better because it's only on Friday They'd buried Jackass and Sarny right there, a so-called broadcasts forcing But I clicked it on and I saw something that I missed Junior Miss Page in Bumsmarlin's and Red Sox Now this was last Saturday, now correct me if I'm wrong Wasn't that the game? Where the Marlin's came from behind nine to two with four runs in the eighth And four in the ninth and one in the ninth, cross-bought on TV Definitely the most exciting Marlin game of the season And it wasn't on TV because of the Junior Miss Page on Pax TV Well, oh my god Anyway, like I said, it's hopeless 88 for WP Goldberg, which actor actress was cause you absolutely not to see movie If they be in it, WP's got 88 Leo to Caprio 51, they hate your Leo Anybody over the age of 10? Robert Streisand 45, Pauli, sure 34 John Clog Goddam, 31, sliced alone tied with Will Smith 28 Sandra Bullock and Adam Sandler, we can't separate those two to the age of 27 How many of you are in? Can you put on Rosie Perez on the list? Rosie Perez on that list? Rosie Perez? Yes. Okay. Thank you. You bet. Not bad at all. Oh, I'm gagging on it. I think whatever that disease is, it's got you all sick and everything It's coming up through the line. I'm gagging on it. Scottish actor Sean Connery created the worst accent in the history of cinema In the 1987 movie on Tuchables according to a poll. Oh, this is good. According to a poll conducted by British film magazine Empire. Although the James Bond's smoothly won an Oscar for his role as Jim Malone in Brian, I think the rest of this is chopped off. A jury of industry professionals crowd him, top of their bad accent list, which appeared in magazine July issue. And the Brian De Palma film, I guess what that says. That was a Brian De Palma film, the on Tuchables? Good find out. Whether he's a Russian, well, I'm telling you, we got more goddamn dead air today. Like I said, he's long. See, that's why we need George there. Okay. He knows a few things. Nothing too important. Whether he's a Russian subcapped in the hot parade October, even an English night or Robin Hood Prince of these, always that Bertone Highland Burr remains, Yaddi Adat says. Oh, here's the one I knew it. I knew it. This is the one I had in mind. Coast behind in third place came US actor Brad Pitt for his role as a mountain near in the 1997 film, seven years in Tibet. Remember we talked about that couple weeks ago. Yeah. With a blonde hair and the worst phony accent, oh, Brad, sweetheart, give me a break. I'll give you a close second. Yeah. Kevin Cost. Oh, that Robin Hood. Yeah, that was it. That's it. Well, I didn't see that because it's a Kevin Costner. Dude, you ever get Kevin Costner on here? And I apologize that we didn't get that on her suit or somebody mentioned it. No, no, I'll get that on there right now. He better be, huh? We haven't got him on there? No. Somebody mentioned him twice. Yeah, he was mentioned twice and you're dealing around there. But there is so much while George is away, the Dickheads are playing. I'll tell you that right now. And the individuals was a Brad the Pawler film. Was? Yep. This doesn't seem like his kind of movie. I mean, it was a good movie. Even with Kevin Costner in it. Even with him in it. And I'll say this. It's the only movie I've ever seen with him in it that I would actually say, hey, you're like it. It's good. And because he played himself real low key real like no personality. He didn't have to act. He was just a schmuck. You don't like pulled the herb. I never saw a bulldozer. I don't want to have sports movies. Okay. I'm not part of if you're going to get back on the balance for life. One of the things that you must give up is the sports nerdy is him. Okay. You don't respect you to have like make a clean cut. You can't do that. Well, not like my boyfriend. Oh, clearance. Nobody's like your boyfriend. In fact, clearance had a choice to make last month. The choice was either that that honeymoon with the beast or the hercunes. He any left your high and dry. Yep. Got on. I've played with the gacky when out there at Omaha. I left you like high and dry. Hey, Captain. How's our bloodmen doing? Keep them back. You haven't done goodly squats. Since it's obvious you don't keep records. It's good thing I do. All right. You ready? Redmond pitched Sunday. Do you go back to yesterday's that you far? Redmond gave up two runs in seven innings. Redmond's start before that was on June the 10th of Milwaukee. He pitched eight innings. Gave up one honor and run and got that win also. Have you been drinking tonight, gentlemen? Support for you by 60. Here she will. How young is too young? Hi. I'm your 15 year old host Jenny and this is Titanic's hot. For me and my friend Kimberly talking to radio about our favorite movie. Titanic and Leo. I love you Leo. Yeah. We talked about the most beautiful thing in Titanic. Leo and Rardo, the Caprio. I love you Leo. I know. I love Leo too. Well, today's topic is the Titanic. I saw it Saturday for the 14th time and I cried. I've seen it 17 times and I cried every time. I wanted Leo to live this time. I wish my boyfriend was more like Leo. I wish my boyfriend was Leo. Oh my god. Look at the clock. Titanic started the mall in 15 minutes. Let's hurry. Hold on Leo. We're coming. Okay. Thanks for listening. Tune in next time on Titanic Talk. But our topic will be Leo. You suck Leo. It's right. 145 at 5. 6. Did you know how we got all caught up with everything like that? Wasn't that a big crisis? Not a major problem. Just a little bit disturbing. Now the beast is going to tell us before he gets his balance for life. How many of what the most amount ice cream he ever ate in one sitting was? Because I guarantee you the seven. Clondite bars I ate. You could probably have taught that. I'll be on to you and you're not going to believe me. Yes. I've never. I've done like a pipe but I've never done a lot of ice cream. I mean to other things. I see. Like a bag of chips. Like a huge jumbo Costco family size bag of chips. Yeah. The whole thing. Right. But I can't eat that much ice cream. Really? Yeah. Cheese. That's eating that a pint. I don't know. It's just too cold. I get a headache. I can't do it. Well that's always a good cup. I've got clearances on your ass. So to speak. Oh sorry. I just had some rocky road. I'm getting a screaming headache. Sorry sweetheart. Maybe later. Five six seven out. Now what about pasta? Bolf. Melee Bolf. Yeah. See now before I head my first stroke and I'm sure that this is directly responsible. This goes back to the early IOD days about 88 89. And I don't know what prompted me to do it. But I just I got into this thing where I would cause I can make some means spaghetti. I love spaghetti. I can't eat it now because I'm die I got diabetes. But I would cook up a nice big bowl of fresh pasta. Make my own sauce and I had. What's that said? They like the peppers. Like they put on the table at the pizza loft or any of the pizza joint. They give it the grated cheese and the peppers. To really give it some taste in the. I'm actually at the. And I'd really spice it up. And then of course I would slice up hot dogs like some. I eat brownish or weeners like grab my used to make slice them up there in the sauce. Oh the best and I would eat the whole big bowl of it. And I'm sitting there watching TV and maybe I'm on the phone talk to somebody. And while I'm talking I'm washing out the bowl and I'm making a second. A bowl and then a third. I don't think I could have top that could you. I did that several times numerous times and I guarantee that's what. I'm going to contribute to my first stroke. No you think. Oh maybe not. Maybe it was just a bad accident. Seriously three big bowls of spaghetti within a matter of like saying hour and a half. So how was it and now might my top weight when 73 was 266 but I'm five foot nine. I'm not like four foot like the beast. So somewhere long or long there must have maybe you're just more steady, more consistent because they get up to. What did you start at 280? 284. 284. Now when you're two and a half feet tall in your way 284 there must have been something that brought about that. That girth. Just a lot of everything. A lot of everything. Nothing special. Not one. Just a steady consistent whatever. 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WQA and hello. Yes sir. How many of you in your room? How many of you in your room? I'm not sure. How many of you in your room? I'm not sure. How many of you in your room? I'm not sure. I'm not sure. What is it? Same private Ryan. I haven't seen that. You have to see it even though I haven't seen it. Good. We may. Okay thanks man. After I watch saving private Jessica I'm going to watch saving private Ryan. I can't come here. He's a long time ago right? She's been on that long time ago and another thing. Did you know it was done split today? Well no how was that? How am I supposed to know that? I was just it was just looking here. How long does your clients gave Duffer his birthday? A large court. A little something. Well happy birthday. Muff month today turn 55. 27. 26. Whatever you. And of course he just had a cleaning out. Raccoom last week so he's all prime for a really big July 4th weekend. I'm sure that can be a lot of fireworks. And the Muff Lindsey household. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. How about you QA and hello? Hello. Yes man. Is this QA and? Yes it is. I wanted to talk to Neil. You're speaking to him. Oh my goodness. Neil. I've been calling you all morning. I wanted to tell you about a couple people I wanted on the list. Okay. John Revolt. I'm surprised we got this far again without him on there. He would have been one of my top five. I know. I need to. He'll grant. Ah! God there's so many of you know. I know it. I know it. I would watch him. I wouldn't watch him. Will be with Hugh Grant if you paid me by the second. Me either. How about Meg Ryan? Yeah. Yeah. She's like a door day. You know the modern day. Oh, Meg. She's okay. I heard it. Listen. I wanted to say that I don't think George is very funny either but George and for a Ferrell. Yeah. Yeah. They would be a good pair. I think they'd be good together on the show. I think that's what we're going to do. We're going to team them up together. But you know George is not his fault. You know the last funny Cuban was Desi Arneus. You know? The only funny Cuban that does have a name. Yeah. I think it was the only funny Cuban. But the English of the Fla. See. Have a great weekend. Hey. I love passion. It's been getting better every day, hasn't it? Poor. Poor Sheridan. And you notice it was so nasty down in the basement even the rats ran away. Do you notice that? Oh, my gosh. Are they ever going to get around there? Eventually. And then about six, seven months. Yeah. I guess so. That house house search is proceeding very slowly. Yeah. Oh, it's just great that musical was so incredible. Wasn't that the best? Oh, I love the house. I saw yesterday the one you're going to see today. You're going to see the scene. They would have realized that Eve has sent the club on fire. The jazz club on fire. Oh, wow. And of course, what's his name is standing at her side as always, Julian. Yeah, right. And now they realize right near the end of the show that they're inside. There's Chad. There's Fox. And there's Teddy Sine. There's Whitney. And it's a psychotic. Oh, I can't wait. I love it. Okay. Okay. Thanks, Neil. Give Miguel a kiss for me. Sure. Okay. Bye. 152 at 5. 60 W to QMNO. Some time itself, load a guarantees. Three things. Heat, humidity, and hurricanes. You know, you can't control the weather, but you can control how you protect your home during hurricane season. The hurricane shutter window shop provides you the best hurricane protection under the sun, which is one easy call to the hurricane shutter window shop. Let's go to the next day. With the quote for hurricane shutter's windows doors. Customize the engineers specifically for you and your home. From panels, the accordions roll up shutters impact resistant windows doors. The hurricane shutter window shop will not be at the sole. There'll be any written legitimate quote because you're buying direct from the manufacturer wholesaler when you buy from these great folks. So call the hurricane shutter window shop toll free. 1-800-5380-191. They also offer cash and carry for you to do it yourself handymen. If you're really serious about hurricane protection customized engineers specifically for your home and in South Florida, really oughta be call their hurricane shutter and window shop 1-800-5-3-801-9-1 Tell that ancient old Neo-Torne to call their hurricane shutter and window shop 1-800-5-3-801-9-1 My and local year sports video 5-60s you a UAM Stay tuned by Avitao Happy New Year! Have five, six, oh! W-Q-A Baby launch a couple missiles Tour to place wheat and oat And aim a mat of fella Whose first name begins with oat There's one thing we all understand You're how kid who won't be finished Until we blow up back a stand We could chase him around forever With our tanks and all our troops But special forces are so tired Jumping through with emboos You'd go and we need another plane So let's cut out all the nonsense And we'll blow up back a stand How kid, I need a nuclear tank Why don't we stop for seafood And blow blow up Back a stand Boom, boom, boom The middle eastern world Will be exploded to dominate people guild With the gas that we sold him First time a crusher nation And they only won't let's go in Now more blood will be spilled To get that oil going Forget about Korea The nooks there coach who have been Right queen is really in over and over And to our head Daddy, rag ass off Femphens of fastest structure The nooks there Three thousand people killed Our now forgotten Let's exploit them and stand Ain't their voiled two big content Going after some time too Planked a little summer There's no longer mention of The name in law is what no seafoods are known And the end complacent believe in every word Of this cartel administration That control the spikpair for media And manipulation and a right queen Is thrilling and over and over and to our head Daddy, rag ass off Femphens of fastest structure The lost civil rights is the price that we're paying We're all suspects now Not see ash grump is seen I have nothing to hide People, partners, all are staying The blind obedient cattle don't have any reserve in it We're all suspects now Not see ash grump is seen I have nothing to hide People, partners, all are staying The blind obedient cattle don't have any reserve in it Out of provoked battle ends World annihilation Old regime must fall And have a virgin and stone With no objection at all Till the crackdown of the falls and the right queen Is thrilling and over and over and to our parade Watch and work, I rag ass off Mened sweat of fastest structure Only a rag ass off Wemmed sweat of fastest structure All the crappy conundrat All the slime all the time All the crappy conundrat All the slime all the time All the crappy conundrap All the slime all the time Absolutely Bye Bye Bye I want to give you a kiss, Malik.