I'm a f***er. I'm right to crappy little country. It's no slight number-stash on a stage. Just get rid of that. You're in freakin' jubby, and blow up the whole goddamn place. And shut the whole shame to bother f***er. Shut up who's saying to bother f***er? Shut up who's saying to bother f***er? Shut up who's saying to bother f***er? Shut up who's saying to bother f***er? Shut up who's saying to bother f***er? Shut up who's saying to bother f***er? I don't want to get muffle-shitting all that other crap out of the van, but some asshole in here has the blow in one of our speakers. Too much blow-in-goin' on in here. Now seriously, when you crank up speakers, no matter how many of these are pretty damn good speakers, especially for this cheap past company. And they came in here and diddle the round, which always goes on, and they blew the speakers like pitted. You know what that means? It's the pits. It's pitted. So it's like all distorted in here. It's fine on here. In fact, I'm people who tell me it sounds so good as like we're sitting right in their lap. And most of you believe me, we don't want any part of that, and I'm sure the feeling is mutual. But it sounds like crap in here, muff. And that's because you guys, you and Clarence and Greg, and Maddie Bell, and Ray Perry, and the other 55 managers we have here at Abil Screw-Anne, you won't do anything for us. You won't keep these assholes out of this room. There's no reason for that. Maybe the janitor did it. What do you think, huh? No. And he's a pretty good guy. He didn't do it. Maybe the dog done it. That's right. My dogs are dead. Maybe Sodom did it. So I'm sure that there are people out there saying, well, now after your last night in the Alive at your really, really going to change your attitude about this all the time. No, of course not. What would you? I don't know, but you know that the hocks out there, and they're saying, oh yeah, this shows you. Of course we don't really know. And spite of NBC's ventilating hyperventilating nice night, just foaming it to mouth. Although I'll tell you who foamed it to mouth the most, and it's not unusual for him. I'm coming back home from the track. And I turned us on and we got the big, oh, like I've always told him, a good guy like him a lot, but he's just awful on here. So I punched over to see what I would be was doing. And they had on, oh, and don't get me started about Phil. You heard it for the first time in months. He, you're right. Even when he does do anything serious, he, I mean anything comical. He uses the anti war people to the foil. There are always the ones that he's making fun of. Right. And it was, it was really important. But anyway, I don't want to go out of that, you know? Are you sure? I'm not going to talk about it. It was gross. No, seriously, it was like one step away from making fun of 9-11. You just, you just don't do that. There's nothing funny about what's going on over there now. But anyway, all of a sudden, I'm in the middle of, listening to him doing this routine. And on comes my former producer from WS News 100 years ago. John, uh-huh. 11. My friends in the Jewish community. My friends in the Cuban community. First of all, you don't have any friends, John. Okay. You don't have any friends. And how come your wife had to drive your home every night? It meant that, huh? It's a story, John. What's a real story? Uh-huh. So he comes on. He's the WLD news person there at night. I mean, just, this market just keeps recycling the same old trash over it. I mean, look at me, you know. Now, seriously, to keep recycling the same sad, pathetic trashy. I mean, just awful. Uh-huh. And he's hyperventilating about NBC reports that Saddam Hussein and the two sons of both been killed at Bababa and he puts on MSNBC. But that's not good enough. And then he interrupts it again to hyperventilate and embellish it. In other words, Saddam and his two sons are dead. Don't help believe anything he hear now from Listerhold. They're dead. They're dead. You know. And of course this morning, and anybody was watching Flipin' or Wildlife Snight see an end, waited a half an hour before they even touched that story. Which, of course, they're usually an hour and a half behind. So that's an improvement for them. But because anybody else was like really shying away because we don't know. We first of all, now we find out we don't even have a sample of his DNA. Right. I think they had a couple of hairs from that mustache, but they're not sure which side of that was, but it was number one, number 18, or grow-ture, what he knows, the glasses. So they don't really know which mustache. Will a real Saddam please stand up? No. Oh, he can't. Good. See, I'm one of those people who say, if they got him in a two-sons, great. Great. Because he is a scumbag and a dictator in ruthless and number two, maybe if that happened, it will shorten all of us in sanity over there. Oh, that's the only reason I'd be excited about it. Catch my drift. Follow the bouncing balls. That's what guilty said. So I come in this morning, in a fairly decent mood, not all of my ear won't unplug, you know? I would say to Carlos, we need to get a little plunger. Need to get him on those mini plungers, like, like he opened your toilet with, but not quite that big. And just put that right up against your ear, and I just pull that thing over there. But when we do that, I'm like, no, not that. That's what I had mine. And just open that baby up, and the ear too. But it just, it's frustrating as hell. I know the audience don't want to hear about these things. They want to hear about John Liveett. Uh-huh. Oh, you're so embarrassing, John. You're a silly person. You're a very, very silly person, John. And you don't look like you're more than John. Yeah, he used to go on to road with the doors. I think that's what his brain started getting fried in the beginning. And then he had to work with Tom Don't Like us, and I think that kind of finished him off. That was in the him. Tom Don't Like us. Uh-huh. Oh, I forgot about that guy. Oh, yeah, he was great. Got into the car in the middle of the night, and just took off her Phoenix. Just left town in the middle of the night after the book came up. Sorry, Tom. And then he runs around talking to everybody. He beat me in her ratings. Yeah, one book when we had, when we had no research, but I and Z had world series and the play out baseball play also. I was pre-empted like 14 out of 16 nights. And he edged me out in that rating book because I was never on. Yeah, and he still to this day tells that story. All or he's syndicated and he's probably got a better region tonight, but then again, who to hell don't? From what I'm here and even Mickey. I sure has a better region tonight. But that ain't so much norma. Now what tell us how about to say that was so much. I was about to say that was so glad they're important. Something, oh, about coming in this morning. And I'm not going to make that same mistake again. I want to put him on notice right now. Okay, I don't like you. I can't stand you. I'm not going to put on a phony. If it's just not me. I try to be civil with everybody in the building. I've bitched about the fact that an unfriendly place this is, especially the power 96 people. They're really, have you ever noticed that? Oh, they're stuffed on stink man. Most of the time, like you get in the elevator, hey, how are you doing? And they don't even look at you. They even acknowledge your existence because they're on FM. Well, we are jealous of that, but they're still assholes. So I come in this morning and I walk fine. Of course it's during the break. What is, I guess he goes in there during the break with Zack and Robert because they're a captive audience. Nobody else in the building will speak to him. So they're stuck in there. You know, they can't leave. So during the break, he goes in there and sits his fat old tired ass on a chair and there with him. And as I come by, there's the big window. Of course, he sees me. Starts that wave and crap again. Well, I just kept right on walking. Yeah, I'm not going to. No, I will not dignify you with a response. You grow test nasty bitter mean spirit of hostile angry old man. I'm not going to do it. You put on a real fine act on the air. Hey, yeah, I'll be. Yeah, all this yuckin' it up. You're an asshole man. Everybody hates you. They despise you during. Well, like, she in fact, he likes to shove me out of the way and dance on your great first. Can you imagine the rush there would be in that line to see what dance on that thing first? Boy, you'd get elbow or other way real quick. And she could do it if anybody could. Man, that bitch could do it. So anyway, and so I just keep walking. And that's only a few feet to the door here. Be unlocked the door coming this place. Now he opens up the door and yells up. Hey, Neil, you know what that's. Stintory invoices. And I just kept walking and ignored him. And I apologize to myself. Not anybody else to myself. For that moment of weakness I had last week. Whenever it happened, it wasn't actually consorted with him. I guess it was last Monday. Actually, it's waved back and spoke to him. Open up the door and say, you know, whatever. I will never do that again. Because that already, what are you laughing about? I already made the pledge that I will not speak to a scumbag like that. I, you know, and of course, then there were those people I should point out who think I'm a scumbag now because they don't like my position on the war. I was just telling moth. But it's a hockey game on Sunday, which was a grotesque experience. Anyway, in a theater track last night, I noticed that certain people who always are just falling over. Neil, how you know, am I good close personal friends? Now, are like, they don't see me. I've become the invisible man. And it's got to be, you know, I think I, you know, use some, write card on and some left card. I'll think I stuck. But it's the war thing. You know, you just, you just cannot be out there on the edges of reality. And it's cut to you. You've got to go step along and I refuse to do it. I will not do it. I believe very strongly that this is insanity that there are all these people who are dying for nothing. What are they dying for? We could have kept him bottled up there for years. He wasn't a threat to us. And then he's assholes. There's a, have you forgotten nine, eleven? Of course we haven't forgotten nine, eleven. That's what we ought to be putting all of our resources and attention to. All these billions of dollars that were spending to allegedly change the regime over there and to liberate the poor pressed Iraqi people, at least the ones who are still going to be alive. Can you imagine we spent those billions in homeland security and fighting terrorism around the world? Let's go get all of those scumbags. Let's have the resources to do it. The people who are really are a threat. But the old work was lovely. Don't have any oil. That's right. Are you starting in again? You're just, just like George Man, you're like George Jr. You're just like, I told you, what did make you his clone? You're just like George Jr. You're just starting up again. Say something pleasant. You know, like, hey, how about putting that plunger on your ear and open it up? So something pleasant like that. And of course I won't hear it anywhere because my ears plugged up. So I don't give a crap what you say. Hey, ma, we hate you, man. How can anybody like that be in such denial, you know? And how can anybody leave the house wearing a silly, did you see over his eyebrow? No. The muskret reached down out of its slumber and bit him over the eyebrow on a forehead. Did big gaping hole. Yeah, it's a true story. I'm going to have to think that the gun was pouring down inside of his head. I thought maybe Gildi and him got into a spat or something. It's 11 past nine at five, 60 WQMRs. This well Tuesday, and by the way, Zach and Robert, I'm not in bed mood. Just because I don't speak to the gizzle though. I'm in a fine mood if my ear would open up. I'd be in a sensational mode. I feel pretty good. What? Can't hear myself. Now, seriously, you and I see you've been through it. You know what that slide hits very frustrating. Horrible. It's awful. And of course I have that great doctor and I think I'm going to go see her again. And I stay here too, but I don't think, you know, she doesn't seem, she's great, but she doesn't seem to want to do anything for my ear. She likes to stick that thing up my nose. That little camera thing. And I'm able to long and wait down your throat and your pooping. She likes doing that because it inflicts a certain amount of discomfort and pain. But when it comes to opening up my ears, I, you know, it'll be okay. Well, of course it's not her ear. It's my goddamn ear. It's not her ear. She's not the one who feels like she's in some kind of ear. You feel like you're in a cavern, like in a cocoon, like you're, you know? It's frustrating. Thank God that went away. No, you didn't go away. You said you went to a real doctor when you opened it up for when you're ear too. Well, thank God I thought a doctor that would actually stick something in there. Oh, I'm not touching that. Don't start talking about your proctor just again, man. And like I said, just like George, there he goes again with that. Bracdom. Ask crap. Twelve minutes after nine at five, 60 WQM. How many times have you heard about a great opportunity? You didn't act. You didn't grab it. You missed out. Well, right now is one of those times, but it'll listen up. Listen carefully. Get it with it. Really doesn't opportunity interrupt you, but this one should interest rates of gone down even lower. The financial group was offering an interest rate of 3.45% then they lowered it to 2.95% now. Rates have gone down even lower. 2.45% financing with financial group. Let me say it again. 2.45%. It is absolutely unbelievable. Confidence. A group told free 1-800-940 land. How long were these low interest rates last? Probably not for a long. So it's a window of opportunity. Hop right through it like Superman with a financial group and get you an incredible low rate of just 2.45% and save yourself thousands and thousands and billions of dollars. Call financial group. 1-800-940 land. What will 2.45% financing do to those monthly payments you're wondering? Well, I'll tell you. If you have a $200,000 loan you pay only $786 bucks a month. If you have a $100,000 loan you pay only $393 bucks a month. Do it now. Call financial group and start saving right away. Call 1-800-940-L-E-N-D. 1-800-940 land. There were equal housing lender credit restrictions do apply. Rates are something to change without notice 5.34 APR. Thank God for my friend Dick Feinberg at Pompeto Park. He still likes me anyway. 1-800-940 land. This is course where you're five six years old. 2-800-940 land. 2-800-940 land. 2-800-940 land. 2-800-940 land. 2-800-940 land. 2-800-940 land. 2-800-940 land. 2-800-940 land. 3-800-940 land. 3-800-940 land. 3-800-940 land. 3-800-940 land. 3-800-940 land. Oh! Introducing the Deral Strawberry School ofgraphics, 2-300. 3- 600 smaller It is too high in the middle of the Fall moonlight in the strike of Tom efficient. 3. Play the Bifligance three! 3-800-675 land. It's what Tommy Kim seems like. Annie Schondler. Sample. 960's figured a Darrell reason I've played that former baseball star Darrell Starbury was ready to be set free after serving part of an 18 months sentence for violating probation on cocaine possession chargers, poor Darrell man. He served 11 months in Gainesville, Correctional, and Sittus nor he participated in a substance abuse treatment program set as attorney Darrell. Rousan is expected to release today. How do you like? What's your thing we ought to have a big welcoming for Darrell? No. Huh? No. We can snort up all the baseline. So, I'm sure you probably want to know the results of yesterday's pull, don't you? Well, here they are. 1398 votes, Osheledicoatil gets to 1,400 don't you think? We got 1,400, I think yesterday. Huh? That's we're getting up. Couple of people get on there and vote, please. I'll let you know we're getting up there. Yeah, on a weekday pull. Don't you see the hits we're getting on there? We're getting more hits than Darrell. Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty damn exciting man. Pretty damn exciting. People are going to new Rogers.com because Carlos and Eric are doing such a good job on it. And we too, for those bedtime stories, we've already got some good stuff on there for and not just the usual pal, the unusual propaganda. And you can listen to CBC on it too. There's a link to listen to the CBC and get some real news like real news people bring it instead of all this britlous propaganda and all these puff pieces about, oh, saving private Jessica and all of that stuff. Hey, it's just, it's very sad. And even sadder is the fact that the presidents of popularity keeps going up. Somebody fashes me this time. A new CNN Gallup pull out this morning so the president's popularity is in a 80% well, keep in mind his daddy's was 86% in the middle of the first go for it. So they're still hooked. And when he ran for reelection, he got his ass trumped by Bubba. And you want to know why? Because the economy was in the crapper and he lied to his teeth. Now new taxes. Who, what me whiny and when people? Yeah. In fact, I think George Bush, senior, he was kind of like the gullier president, you know? He's a whiny, mimpy. Yeah. Oh, the guarantee of gullier's got a bigger it. Well, here's what it says. I used to have what is called swimmer's ear for years. The best way I found was to take warm hydrogen peroxide and slowly poured into my ear. You can use a small syringe and most of the time we'll clear the blockage. Good luck says Rick. Well, thanks, Rick. In other words, he said stick it in your ear, which is a lot nicer than saying. Yeah, no, like Sally fits with you. Or she was, she gave us all fits. Hey, Sally. And rum spell deprovillorators up to 76. I don't care what they're approval rating is. So kids not going to change my opinion. And let me see it again. Most people eat a McDonald's. Does that make it good? No. Does that mean it's a quality food? No. Does that mean it's good for you? No. But most people eat a McDonald's. Because most people's tastes sucks. If people had good taste, we'd have a 95 sure on this show. What are you laughing about? It's the truth. But what else are they going to listen to? Dr. Lara, oh, you're a bunch of communist. I mean, only a bunch of right-wing-looted tick-orthodox Jews would listen to that crap. Even Jew Leaverman don't want to hear that. Schmidt. I almost said it. I almost, I came, I came this close. I came a doctor, Laura, curly, hair away from a sand. Schmidt without the amp. Used to play third base for the fillies, by the way. They blew them out of time. Like everybody else. You people from Philadelphia, man. What's wrong with you? Huh? All these clowns showing up there on Sunday for the hockey game. We love the fires. Yeah, wait till Leafs kicked their ass tomorrow night. I hope. Flyers in a Maple Leaf. Let's talk some hockey. What do you say? Oh, it's Speaker. I'm on a tear today. You just wait. I mean, never even get to a call. I'm just, I'm letting it all out. Even better. Because I feel better if I air would open up. I feel great. I feel just like, yeah. I don't have any felt since they're damn stroke. And then of course, Greg comes in yesterday. Oh, you had a, oh, you had that, uh, pulmonary embolism too. And I thought to myself, you stupid, inconsiderate, uh, bad student. He doesn't care. All right, I've already been through this already. You told him what happened to me. It happened on the 10th of February, okay? To this is the eighth of April. Let's less than two months ago. And I had a pulmonary embolism. Could have killed me. I had like a minor stroke. Cut off the circulation of my brain. Not that in my case, that makes much difference. But, uh, you know, when you get shortness of breath, like, uh, oh, 200,000 people in this country die every year from pulmonary embolisms. Maybe some good can come from the tragic loss of David Blum. Or 39 years old with a lovely wife and three little girls. If nothing else, good can come from it as people become more aware of what that is, because who the most people don't even know what that is. They think PE sensor fizzed. They know from pulmonary embolism. And isn't it great that the Lord, this good God, all the God's glad people with their God, isn't it great all the different things he's invented to kill us? High blood pressure, pulmonary embolisms, gird, IBS, SPSCA. He works in mysterious ways that, uh, that God man. He's kill on us. Softly with his thong. Okay, we get up to 1400 yet. How bad should we did? Let's take a look on here. Oh, 1410, see that we had a plethora. Well, I'm not going to read off that. I'll read out the old one. Because I printed it out already. I'm to add like it's too much work. I'm too lazy and old for that. Okay. I don't want to print that out again. I could read it right off of there, but it's too confusing. Which of these describes you? Liberal against the war? 397. That's you have to day total. See, I'm not messing around. Independent against the war 281. So let's see, that's 47.48% even those two categories. You following us? Got it? 48% and conservative against the war 45. So there's another 3.2. So 51.2% of this audience against the war. Now some people are going to say, well, that's your crowd. But who else am I going to ask? Of course it's my crowd. I'm very proud of the fact that we got some people out there who just don't go along with a mainstream because it's politically correct. And the way that they're treating the protest is now, which we'll get to by the way, what a disgrace that is. All of a sudden we smell the aroma of gunfire can't stay at all over again. Because if it's rubber bullets first and real bullets aren't far behind, I'm afraid. That is a disgrace. Anyway, now see, I don't know how to read this thing. 51.2% are against the war. Conservatives in support of the war 106. Independent support of the war 171. And liberal and support of the war 99. So that totals what? 278.86 is a four 56. Even with that stroke man, your math is right on. My math. I'm a genius on math. Algebra. I had a 98 and algebra. 99. I had a 99 and calculus, but ask me something about calculus now. You're not too brave. Anyway, see, just like George, Mr. Smarty pants, there he goes again. I had an idea. You know, what are you making about two bucks an hour? Two bucks. So what do you think? $475. So good thing he's got a math man. Try to stretch that three bucks an hour. He's making a new IQ. Anyway, you're doing a great job. Just shut up. Okay, now what am I doing? Against the war. You've got 19.6%. And I mean, I mean, I'll say, you're confused me now. You interrupt it. Just like George. In support of the war 25.5 and seven is 32.5. What I say, five, 32.5. 32.5 and then the other side is in the, we also have, I don't get it. Just meant about any of it. 114.1%. So in this audience, 51.2 to 32.5 are opposed to the war. Now of course, I'm assuming that that might change if and when John Leather comes on again, Breathlessly and says, ah, ah, they're dead. They're dead. They're dead. Talk about irresponsible man, but that's cheap channel. They don't care. Just, you know, have somebody on their screaming and hollering, which he's excellent for that. John, ah, love it. You're an idiot, John. You're a moron, man. You're a sippledon. By the way, how can we can drive yourself home at midnight? What's the story, John? It's embarrassing. It embarrassing isn't the word for I said to Schleiff, I'll all the way to North Miami after work. Wait a minute, how lot of the way? On nights at his wife didn't feel like sitting out there waiting from the drive him on there's something really strange with that, uh-huh. John Leather, on WIOD, boy, do I despise? That entire keep channel operation, they make me want to puke WIOD. Oh, I hate that station. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let's get that's interspersed and call center today, because like I said, I'm on a real rule. I'm going to rip Hank in a minute about hockey. Do you hear his comments yesterday? No, see, I love Hank, that's not personal. It's business. But I do want to say this to you. Talk about something you know about and hockey is not one of those things. Old Kajar calls him up, which, yeah, that's Hank's crowd. Old Kajar calls him up and says, well, you know, Hank, I'll come in overtime and hockey for overtime loss to get one point, but in the NFL, if they get a tie, they don't get any of your, first of all, they don't have the answer. Should be they don't have any points in football in the standings. They win losses and ties. Okay. NBA, do they have ties in the NBA? No. Facebook, are their ties in baseball? No, unless it's a rainout or whatever curfew. So every sport is different. Now Hank did say the NHL, he just went ballistic with his guy. Oh, the NHL is crap, it's garbage. See, everything is crap. And I grant you that they're in a big trouble. NHL is no question. A lot of franchises in deep crap. But then again, baseball is in deep crap. Right. And hockey's got a great sport. It just didn't a lot of greed there and there's same problem with the other sports. And of course, the next season, the season after that will there be a lockout or a walk out or whatever a strike in a bumpy any season. It's greed is what it's all about. It's spiraled out of control. And that's why, you know, the smaller markets like Buffalo and Pittsburgh and markets like that, Carolina and Deep Crap, because they can't pay the kind of salaries to compete. But the reason we have overtime losses and getting a point in hockey is, first of all, it's not a bad thing. Hank, I hate to break the news to you. You silly faddle, Jew. But the fact of the matter is, it was a great thing because they play four on four for five minutes. And, you know, there were too many ties and regulation before an a ties like kissing your sister. So this gives the opportunity for a team. For again, to really go after the extra point and overtime. But you're not going to forfeit the point that you had in regulation. Let's say the game is three, three in regulation. Well, each team gets a point for a tie in hockey. Okay. Well, they're not going to give it away because they lose it overtime. So they keep the one point they got, but here's the incentive for the other team to get the extra point. Nothing wrong with it. It makes for a lot of excitement. It's one of the best things. One of the only smart things they've done in years. Okay. So get on there and talk about something you know about, Humper and hockey. I mean, this station is, oh, other than Gildi and me, there is no hockey knowledge on this station. None. You can't complain about the knowledge of the world's greatest sport on this day. Because there just isn't any. And then, more this morning's honor talking about this kid that the panthers are going to draft. They want to draft up. He would know that kid if he came in and bit him on his bag. Well, if he sucked his very close veins dry, he wouldn't know who the hell he was. Even I don't know who the hell he was. I don't know who the hell knows. Now the youngster in the organization in order to run those deals. Pratt. By the way, Rimmer quit playing so much golf. You cheap bastard. Got a seat cheap. Yeah, he admitted to me that he's got a big sign on his front lawn. Rumors balls. Two for a dollar. 27 past nine at five sixty w du q a a m. Boy, I sure hope that wasn't an invention. Well, I don't see that. And you know who with all in a best part of his any Jones lives in the same complex. Can you imagine if any Jones sees Rimmer's sign? Two balls for a dollar. Oh my god. He'll move. Oh, my god. Wow. You want to lose some weight? All fat people. All of us fat folks. We tried everything under the sun. Everything except the kitchen sink. Here's one of the possibilities for it. Balance for life. It's working for a lot of people. The beast is lost sixty pounds on it. It should be a lot more but he's a fat. You know the word that goes after that. But nevertheless, if you're sick and tired of looking bad and nothing can be real clothing and also being unhealthy from fat and believe you me, if you're a young person who's fat lose the weight, please. Because once you get to be an old fart like some of the rest of us like me, it'll catch up with you. Balance for life is the easiest delicious way to do it. And the food like I told yesterday has been getting better and better. This is the last time around that I'm here now. The food is just sensational. The rubin wraps are incredible. That a few silly. It was pretty silly but it was that's it. Chiliana was great. No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting. Just five delicious goodies in your little black sack. Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks. They bring you your little black sack with all your food for the day every day. So it's fresh, nothing frozen, nothing artificial and delicious. And all balanced to cord the principles of the zone diet which works like a charm that wait pours off your body, have plenty of food to keep you satisfied all day. And there's no guesswork involved. The only choice you make is between two alternatives reach one of the meals every day that you're on a program. So lose weight finally the easy to painless way. You're not deprived, you're not depraved. Call balance for life today and you could look even more lovely than the beast when you put the first mouth full of food in your posts. Call 9-5-4-5-6-832-29. 9-5 by the way, Moe, we hate you. 9-5-4-5-6-832-29 or visit their website at balanceforlife.com. 5-5-5-6-9-6-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-10-9-8-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-6-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-14-9 bunking room at noon you sleep at going for a ride, for wash and morning they miss you shit at the speed in the day? I see what I mean just like George sucking around sucking around he's sound great. I know I sound great I have some very good people like you tell me I sound great. What do you say? I'm not slurring anymore. No, there you go. Oh, that's another thing you are better than George you're an improvement because that day that after I had my little stroke And I come in here. I'm doing the show and I knew I was like trying to raise folks You're like this slur and like you know, and he's sitting there looking at me Oh, but the movie. Oh looking at dirty pictures in there trying to get dates on our website I'll speak of that did that Miguel get his package together with our trip to the Bahamas that we're gonna be giving away He hasn't showed me the package yet. He said he's pretty as package yet. No, I get to check it out first I didn't know you you cared. It's all yours. I don't think so But anyway, so we're gonna have another one. Well, that's you know next couple of days We're gonna so get your photos ready and I don't want to you know I don't know how to say this delicately. We had the couple that one last time they were very Nice looking young couple. They were fine. They would no problem But somebody I guess the other people might must have been a joke. Oh, we see we don't want joke people who think that they're hot or pretending to be hot If you're hot, don't you know if you look like Gilbert Don't be sent in a snow pictures, okay if you look like Zach or the beast We don't want your picture. I mean we wish you all the luck in the world I hope you'll live at least another year or two, but enough already with it. No seriously. I don't want to see how many people hot couples mean just that Right? Absolutely and at some of the course real good looking people out there. They were afraid that you know some of us will be taking those pictures and posting them on websites all over the world Pornographic website We're gonna be sitting around rubbing ourselves raw looking at them and they might be right, but that's beside the point. What's wrong with that? Exactly. That's what the internet's for anyways isn't it? Anyway, here's a that's the unfortunate part of the internet Some of the guys out there who are like you know Geraldine the three o'clock in the morning Here's oh and speak to that. How about that the Reverend huh, what did I do with that story? No, no near this before we get to today's pool You can go ahead and put it up there. You don't have to wait for our approval. I always like when he sneaks it on there But he's got the big green banner the pool is down. It's not a big secret. Okay put it on there, Fatso Delray pre-sentence for soliciting teen sector. Do you see this? Well, why not we just put it? You just already put it on the website. It's one of our bedtime stories See you don't even pay any attention to him anymore. Just because it'll give you like 50 a day. So some of those little by Like he says to me. I don't want to go into it. Yeah, what's the point? What's the use? I got my mother. I got rimer. I got you. I got all these people I tell him something once and I'm like five minutes later. Oh, did you hear my neighbor keeps left in a Puerto Rico? You just got to tell me that five minutes ago mom. It's boring. It's boring then. It's even more boring now I don't care about your neighbor or Puerto Rico I One of the first things I said to this morning is about that so called the chemicals of other weapons and mass destruction in the chemicals yesterday Turn out to be pesticide. What happened our later? Yeah Half an hour later. Oh, did you see that would turn out to be pesticide? No Speaking of pests. Now you're you're taking right after George. I mean, if that maybe will be replacing him pretty soon Because that's why I sound so good that I'm in a very good mood when George isn't here. Well, I'm out of town To win a show and he's here. That's fine. The farther apart we are the better we get along It's the truth and when I'm out of town again be sure he doesn't keep interrupting me. That's your job Now he keeps interrupting pop pop pop. Hey, you know if he had something to say it would be different You got nothing to say you want me to keep George from yes. That's right Like I'd two by four and beat him over to hell with it. You have my permission And when you're done with that go and take your remote Boy We don't like you man. I'm not putting on a phony act for you. One that's not my style I don't put on phony acts for people I despise and people that have tried Airbnb Devious thing to get George fired to get me fired to dick with everybody show to screw over to beast and Zach I mean anybody can stab it a back in anyone's to us to give my friendly face. I'll give you a post okay? That's for you. You saddled sack you They did a really good job of checking references when they heard that piece of turd in this place. You know Nice going Greg you're really went and down checked him out didn't you? No, you're pathetic Greg Now guy that's terrorized every damn place that he's ever been and he brings this guy in here to the structure Otherwise very happy family And I mean everything is relatively speaking. Remember they he was off couple of days last week how pleasant it wasn't here We even commented on that everybody was in a good mood nobody had to be on tiptoes on eggshells in the hallway Everybody was in a good mood People were skipping yeah, there was skipping and dancing of course. They were practicing for his grave when it were doing the dancing part Del Rey priest sentenced for soliciting teen sex. Oh, oh, this this has got to be a mistake Doesn't it this can't possibly be true? There's no fact in the church he spent hours online Pretending to be a youngest looking social worker bragging to a 14 year old boy about previous sexual encounters with teenagers The Reverend Elias Gwim Aguamarece Use the cloak of that false identity to send message after message describing graphic sex acts with underage boys All the while he said it a suburban Del Rey beats church rectumary The 43-year-old Roman Catholic priest never imagined his prey was also lying about who he really was In the church plus did by an undercover Del Rey beat police detective posting his teenage around the internet Remadreis was sentenced Monday to 51 months in federal prison good I hope I hope they give him some more of what he likes in there. You know I'm saying rectum The former associate pastor and our lady queen of peace mission Pleaded guilty in January to attempting the solicit sex from a minor Remadreis faces deportation with native Brazil wants he's released from prison always from Brazil on sokaban Huh Brazil where men are men and so are the women or how's that go There's something strange in that Brazil and that something really bizarre there, yeah You don't know what you're just like when you come into our were reception desk here at QAM You don't know what that is behind the desk besides a freak Standing before about 15 parish new's gathered in a four-loaded ill court where my gunk Wimada is offered a brief apology US district judge William's lock Give him the maximum prison term of the federal sentencing guidelines Of course it was a mistake on my partner very sorry said Wimada said after to a Portuguese interpreter I regret it very much Betty Betty much you said it's locked call the case of very sad commentary on our society in you are Relatus was ordained in 1993 came to the Palm Beach Dices in March of 2001 Guamada's first approach del Revit police detective John Young Our our custodia the likes young when the office are logged into a chair room as a 14-year-old boy over the next 10 days Guamada sent 21 sexually graphic messages You ready for that? The priest was arrested September and Yine when he went to a beachfront location immediately is internet pal And you know what he said when he got there? Hi, pali police said Guamada's struggle when they tried to rest in but stop and police threatened him with a taser's stun gun Another man of the cloth That's what you're dealing with okay just another one of those stories in the naked city of which there are Zins here's the poll today Okay, while we're digging around with this stuff You notice how I just haven't even got started yet. I'm already left pop-up. All right, because I feel better today my ear would just open up I'm gonna start drinking like gallons of hydrogen peroxide Huh, no, so I'm gonna put some in my ears some in my vacuum all over the place, you know, and I bet you're open up a lot of avenues That works well for wax when you have wax build up in your ears waxy build up that's what happens when he listen to QM ball games and hockey games that are on waxy 790 get waxy build up Games that we are too embarrassed to put on here because we got too many conflicting contracts See what seemed to me that since this is supposedly your panther station and the pathers are one of only two teams that didn't complain about the week I've balls billboard that we'd show them a little bit more respect even though they suck in the organization's all screwed up But you think we give them a little bit more than just lip service But the and last that I'm listening to John Ah, so I punch over here since all this news about Sodom and his sons and maybe we killed him and we'd up the the four bunker bus to the 2000 pound bombs I punch over to Eddie K. talking about sports I mean I love Eddie K but between that show he did a ghost in the other day where I got I got I need the tool in his race I'm nobody cares nobody cares what you need in his race nobody cares about that God almighty the stuff that we put on here in his radio stations enough to make me want to crawl into this counter How much is doing now? I'm not crying out seriously Nobody cares about that you know who the people out of ghosting the the youngest person there is dead The immediate age is death plus 10 Nobody wants to hear about that on a radio. They want to hear about like in private conversation about Gulfstream And we're doing it like in the middle of the afternoon because there are pants if you booked to put that on here We wonder by the humpers number That's part of the problem. Nobody wants to hear that suffix of 90 year old men the old real racetrack crowd That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. He was on in the afternoon. I was thinking at night No, this is in the middle of the middle of prime time baby the humpers time they're killing Hank They're killing them By the way Hank will be on it. Oh, see what I'm saying guess where he's doing his game from his game from today The bastards worse The heat arena Now this is good timing Get ready for those playoffs. Oh, yes Hank as a heat I mean Hank would like to feel the heat but he sure one of them do what at the outfit with Mickey Harrison and the macarina junior Man, it's at the master's there's another deal golf all week, you know No, we'll be listening that they're gonna be playing golf health He's gonna be watching golf with no commercials because the hoodie Johnson's a redneck and the clansman kind of stuff At least they like him anyway So I guess most must be in that category right? Right in there. Don't want no bitches in here. Okay. We don't want no bull-dike golfers in here Didn't watch his name got Ben Reiched fired from CBS for saying that about the lesbians and golf huh 19 till 10 at 560 that here's the pull by the way for today. We can get it up there got some votes on there already Who or what do you fear the most? George W. Bush terrorists loss of freedom Moe Howard David World War George Rodriguez Donald rum's filled John Ashcroft or religious fanatics what a great list Neil Thank you again for doing such a wonderful job on our poll Man, I forgot many times. Thank you for doing such a great 18 till 10 at 560 WCM. I'm really out of role today man, so I think after one arm you know going home well Yeah, I don't press your luck ever see that show press your luck awful show. No way me no way Oh I totally showed that show where they love you. I had the system figured out 1983 or four really Yeah, because the things CBS was so stupid they had the thing would automatically go from one spot Everything was random. It was not and he figured out 110 102 grand Yeah, and the other two contestants were sitting there giving them duty looks and like uh oh They had a whole show on that anyway If you're sick and tired of working for some schmuck if you're tired of a paycheck that you couldn't even uh By cockroach should dust with here's the answer start making some real bucks by getting yourself a real computer career That's where the big bucks are nowadays so get out of your dead and job by calling her a good post personal Pizons at fast train one 866 fast train and get started a new high paying computer job Unless you're hiding in your desk and you got missiles and cluster bombs all around you There's no excuse to wait anymore call fast train toll free 866 fast train by the way Hank You know nothing about hockey fast train offers convenient day evening We can classes check them out on the web at fast train.com get out of your dead end job start making a paycheck That's bigger than like Carlisce's please call fast train today Don't forget computer professionals continue to be in very high demand fast trains got locations all over town So there's found to be one nearby you there in Miami Kindle Pembro Pines for a lot of it Register at fast train.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker wave at proudly in the sticker two call fast train today 1 866 fast train Bang in the butt honey. Okay Are the high costs of health care getting you down? You're serious medical emergency wipe out your bank account Then it may be time for you to come to contingency medical for all your health needs at contingency medical if you don't survive You don't pay well, Mr. Spent thrift the bad news is the total surgical cost is 78,211 dollars The good news is your husband died on the operating table so you don't know what's the thing? Thanks doc that is good news only your local mortuary has a higher success rate than contingency medical You could linger in a coma for years at a cost of $1,200 a day I contingency medical we know that if you wanted to care for vegetables you'd have a garden contingency medical We're not just easing the pain of expensive health care. We're pulling the plug 1947 little lesson for our new kids out there today anybody that tries to make you eat food that you don't want is not your friend I'm just telling you right now if they know that you're sick and on a way out because you're fat if you have diseases You have diabetes and have blood pressure if you're obese and it's a threat to your very existence and they keep trying to get you to go to meals with them and feed you food those people are not your friend Just kidding What what is going on here? I don't know what that's okay from my shut off I apologize you shot it off all right Smell it in here Okay, and this is not a joke. This is not a laughing matter Mr. Silly goose. This is a very important point I'm Adam and now I'm becoming militant. I know I've gone through this and the audience is tired of it So I won't talk about it again for more than hour two, but I'm I'm tired of it People have put candy around waiting for you to find it, you know The rat with a trapping over the cheese. I can't wait to get out of this place again, man I'm surrounded by people who are trying to kill me with kindness Like that bitch the kept bringing those smarties to the hockey games. Oh, oh, we're from Toronto You said one of I if I want it I could buy 50 billion the smarties in Toronto. Okay every convenience store every every place Even the guy named Chinese long-resell smarties. I mean, you know, they're all over the place What do I need to bring me candy at the hockey game to get my blood sugar up to about 380 You crazy sick twisted bitch. I'm not talking about Sunday. She ain't around anymore. Thank you Maybe she died No, but what he laughing about I seriously I wish evil things happen to people to try to do that to me and to anybody else Because it's not important in life that you succeed but that your friends failed. Don't ever forget that And nobody that tries to force feed you or try to embarrass you and go into meals Not this other crap. They're not your friend. They'll tell you a good song at a dance, but they're not your friend They just want to use you know, they'd like a prop. Oh, yeah, we want them sitting over there at the restaurant Where we're eating our free meal. You know stuff like that. I don't want to mention no names I know I got a whole bunch of names in mind, but just there's a good example for you And I absolutely will not mention a name New bin Laden tape surface. Did you see that over the new pull is up by the way? Who or what do you fear the most on your Rogers dot com vote and be proud? 76 votes religious fanatics 29 George W. Bush 18 Now they will fear you George Terrorist nine world war six john ascrawf four George Rodriguez three Laws are freedom three Donald rumskill two and more Howard David had for last place this time Small parade is this time use silly old man. I hate you. I don't want to see you. I don't want to talk to you from now I remember the scene in the godfather one We're afraid it was back at the compound And he says I don't want to see you today. I want three days notice before you're gonna be at our mother's house And that whole routine. Yeah, come on Mikey. Come on. Like you remember that Well, that's the same thing when it gets to be like 10 minutes till seven get in your room and air and do not come out Exactly go in your little room near moan do not come out until I'm firmly a sconce in my studio And then stay in there till on a clock Do all your bodily function go clean out your bag before 10 to seven. I'm a series. I don't want to see him He upsets my equilibrium as a human being that's probably why he irresol plugged up since I've been back here Just seeing him yeah, I'm like dizzy from him He set me off and then open the door hey Neil I'm not gonna talk to you. You phony bastard I'm gonna kind of I wouldn't spin on the best part of you who we could find it with a surge party Okay, I don't want to know from you you make me nauseous. I've been in the business a hundred years Then every encountered much less work with anybody like you The lowest you know, let me say it again. I've told you this off the air. I want to say it on the air. It's very important If you have chicken soup and you put in the refrigerator they unused portion And the container usually and like one of those plastic containers you put your chicken soup and refrigerator The last morning when you wake up there's a thick layer of chicken fat on top. I commonly refer to it as Scum How are David that I look upon as the chicken fat on top of your chicken soup? That is correct. Very descriptive the barnacles on a bottom of a ship whatever are crawling around on Underneath the barnacles not just the barnacles. I don't want to insult them Whatever other things are crawling under the barnacles. That's more Howard David it okay. You are the most Unchist excuse for a human being I've ever encountered my 60 plus years. You silly dotoring old fool And so don't bother speaking maybe because I'm not I wouldn't dignify it well why should I waste the breath the energy Every breath you take like the police said could be your last you know especially the American police Oh, sorry. We'll get to that story Isn't that too crazy about the war protesters anymore a New cassette tape reported to be from Osama bin Laden urges suicide attacks and calls on Muslims to rise up against Arab governments That support the attack on Iraq In the audio tape bin Laden's supposed voice since it's always supposed it was and we don't know anything That's the sad part is he dead as you live or not sure is Sodom and his two kids that they can we? We don't know nothing well Richard the market's gonna go up today again Cuz just oh, it's down. It must not believe John Levitt. Oh my god Down a few points not bad Don't waste your money folks don't get sucked in by the gambling network. He and by those con artists by those stock brokers because the more you give him the broker you get That's why they call him broker In the audio tape in Laden supposed voice urges the faithful to attack the governments of Pakistan and Afghanistan Bahrain Kuwait and Saudi Arabia Bahrain. That's my favorite every train Unlike previous such tapes this one what we're gonna do today is your favorite yet as your expression and Cuban expressions Once every city on here see with Cuban with the Spanish is always vulgar, you know I know we don't want vulgar dispersion like Cox a voice that disgusting or like you know mama la pinga We don't want to hear that and that always the thing that what they would he Cubans out there get get something new Okay, it's always the same thing one dimensional Something about pinga this and may or mayor pinga pecania always that's what money you know All you macho guys out there how you're not fooling me you're all busy doing each other Have a big circle jerk right now listen to the show holding hands glands whatever you're holding That's true you know it There all have it a whale of a time they're wailing on it Anyway, unlike previous such tapes this one had a single theme suicide attacks But I'm telling if I get my sinuses like I yeah that's sinus pressure What do you do with that? You know I'm talking about like not there's nothing in them it's not like they're full Yeah, right in there. That's right. What do you do for that? I bet you if I took some sinew tab or something that the suit of it who wrote everything right up Like that if I talk to you said hey I can give that to you But you got high blood pressure to raise your pressure hey doc guess what I take my pressure right it Religiously several times today. I can always do a little extra dose on my pill Okay, I can control my pressure honey But get those ears open sweetheart don't give me the son of dance. I'm gonna wait until I may be dead before the Robins up. I'd like to hear something before I broke okay. I like to be around the dance on most grave Big time so that when George asked me that the day that ever danced do you remember that that I ever danced? Who the hell is he to talk to you? Can you see him dancing? I've seen it. Oh no Dancing with what with the enemy by himself by afegres dancing by himself Just like his sex life Anyway, unlike previous such tapes this one from Osama your mama had a single theme suicide attacks All of them have been imposed upon you and Jeha at holy war against him as your duty the Arabic language tape received yesterday And wrote Northwestern Pakistan said the tape was obtained by the AP He's the life shop at the MP from an Algerian national identified only as ideal who said he'd slut across the border from Afghanistan Where'd have been allowed in tape was apparently recorded there was no way to independently confirm the voice on the tape was that I've been lawdden but it was translated by an Arabic speaking afghan hound who met with the al-Qaeda leader years ago Instead of a appeared to be his just like that guy that silly clown out there appeared to be Osama. I mean, uh, Sodom whoever whoever they are That guy and they showed those tapes again last night The god would have fed Puggie faces about 10 years younger him got up got a mustache as like 15 shades lighter And he's got the groucher mars knows and glasses on he's supposed to be a Sodom. I mean, well, what's the use? Sinnell and then of course every time they find more weapons and mass destruction And we find out that it's our only pesticides is DDT or something like that or PVP Oh, well, let us know when you really find something okay. You assholes you idiots you clowns you liars. I hate to use that term you pervericators. That's better Yeah, they're pervericators They would never lie to us would they? Yeah, they're lurking government Just like about Schwarzenegger and that patriot missile back in the who go for number one Did he lie to us about that? True as teeth that's what moishi Irwin said my good close personal friend It wasn't 39 for 39. I was just a slight error was over 39. I'm out You know I mean like in baseball if you're 39 for 39 you're batten a thousand if you're over 39 You're batten and you go to the minor leagues immediately. They probably pack up and go home Which hopefully will do very soon in this Grow test blood bath that we're involved in And I don't give a crap how many people out there including all my close personal friends at the hockey games and at the track Give me a dirty look walk the other way pretend them. I don't really give a crap what you think okay? All my highly educated friends 9.56 were the bargains he asked will outtime the bargains are at the swap shop over 88 acres Choc full of bargains from indoor and outdoor vendors but we love the swap shop brings back memories of those great remotes We did man, I can still smell it the swap shop is the busiest retail location in the world before daylight and at night The swap shop has the world's largest 13 screen drive and movie theater featuring great first-run movies What is so many people swap shop and swap at the swap shop because no place else can you see millions of dollars worth of brand new brand They merchandise at free market prices and everything you buy at the swap shop is quite antique free admission and free parking every day seven days a week The swap shop is the cheapest place in the world of shop on Thursdays Be a free buyer or free seller every Thursday free garage sale space before five and a.m. and mondays all day It's all waiting on you to swap shop sunrise Boulevard between I-95 and the turnpike call nine five four seven nine one swap and one of the best parts of it is finally after a lot of pressure They built that overpass there in front of the swap shops. You don't have to like block all the traffic and be a pain in the S.Wider crossing sunrise Boulevard Don't miss the free million dollar three-wing circus seven days a week at the swap shop call nine five four seven nine one swap Or David's a bitch five 60 W. U. A. F. presents Well how are David in a bridge too far All right, I'm about to listen up. I got all this the bowl of a frit see and that's just what we're gonna do Okay, now look at his map here now this map here Okay, you're guilty. I want you to work one day blah blah booze at the painted a bridge over there That's all 900 What's the name of the bridge? It's the Julia Tull. Oh, what do they want to blow it out of for? Because while I right then America just stupid break down Give away the minute mode that bridges too far. He's right. Oh, where he is and did it? What are you a bunch of cussies? So you want to bang my sister Why you win the fort and it fun holes? I order look most yes Jennifer Hey, are you doing you like my new paisley dress? What are you some kind of transmission or something? Yeah, I'm just trying to get a section eight But since you ain't going to the bridge you know you got nice shoulders. Hey, Ben dober come here I Got some boy over here I'm your court wash off this Machines Oh Okay I'm gonna take Jenny. Thank you. I'm gonna take Jenny. Can I take five, 60, every two? Okay, this is a pitted speaker. This needs to be replaced Pronto Tonto. It needs to be replaced immediately if not sooner. Everything sounds like it's, you know. And so enough to make me want the other ear to close up, so I can't hear it. 149 votes, who are what do you fear the most? Oh look at this real one, popular clicks of March. Get off of my screen, you jackass, with your message center. Ram, I'm just looking at all of a sudden stuff is popping up on there. Yeah, I'm my screen. I'll take a look at that. That's the real one crap. It's probably the better. Just relax. It's not a big deal. Don't start playing Mr. High Tech, you know. That's just, I didn't ask you to look at it. If I ask you to look at it, I'll let you know. Just, I just mentioned it was there. 149 votes, who are what do you fear the most? See how overbearing he is, man? It between him and Eric, we got two crazy computer people. I mean, well, it's repetition. Religious phonetics 48, George W. Boe's 39, terrorist 18, loss of freedoms only 14. That's kind of surprising. I guess it kind of ties him with the first one. There's some overlap or the second one too. World War IX, John Ascroth 8, Mohour David has moved up a little bit. Six, George Rodriguez 5 and Thomas Rumsfield 2. See, George ain't hotnessless, because he's kind of harmless. You know, like a butterfly, harmless. Get some of these calls on here, man. Before I just get out of control, I got so much stuff here. No ball game today, though, dammit. We got the mad dog from the masters. Anybody interested in golf? No, why sure, hope not. Oh, man. We got golf all week. He's up there. Up there with all him Redneck. So what he Johnson in that crowd? Perfect match. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon, and Hank at the Miami Arena. We must have him take pictures of somebody. For him to be doing his show over there. Talk about a lame duck. What's the point? Right. What the hell is that? I don't get it. Maybe somebody slipped in the Mickey. WQAM? Anya has gone. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Your book, since the ratings book is coming out, seems that your criticism, how are data gets worse. Want to help us book out a little bit? Some people listen to him and hear their response? No. No. No. No. Let me say it again. No. Kind of do with ratings. It has to do with the truth, which obviously serves something you're too much of an emotional crippled to deal with. If he gets a one share, we'll be disappointed that it's that high, okay? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Now, that was a great call. It's only call I've taken so far today. I just said here Ramly gone for an hour. And this guy, that's the best this audience can do here in South Florida. You're so lame, man. You lame. When you think we have a whole bunch of people, I think Sodom's dead. Look at that. We did it. And the two sons. You know something. You and my logistics for ratings. You're an idiot, sir. You're a moron. A moron. Look, I was sitting here waste my time. I see these, there's a whole segment of the audience doesn't believe it. I think it's stick. I guess they haven't met him yet. I guess they haven't talked to anybody else inside the building. I do mean anybody else inside the building. If he had a point five, I'd say God damn, it's too high. W2AM. I am. W2AM. Hello. W2AM. Hello. W2AM. I don't want to be. Oh brother. 5, 6, 7. We're not going to have one real cold in the R-way. Doesn't look that way. Doesn't look too promising to me. There is a one person here in South Florida. A bastion of stupidity, man. What did I tell you? Sitting here, I'm on top of the world. If I could hear something, I'd really be dangerous. And after that, I'm going to have a good time. I was on the other side. At that time. This is a response. From a bunch of no-no sense from a bunch of butt plugs. God Almighty, we hate this place, huh. We hate this place. We despise it. Like poison. How does much is mo? Like pesticide. W2AM? Good morning, Neil. How are you doing? it's a wasteland down here. But, you know, I speak to you a bunch of times and I drive my cab and, you know, some people you can do off with, you can deal with. And even the people that are leaning towards your way of thinking to the way you believe, they just don't want to do anything. You talk about the goose stepping. You talk about how a bird not living up to their contract with the four of the parties and everything else. And nobody knows anything. They put on blind to say, don't want to know. Even if they're against the war, people don't want to know anything. They want to walk through life of blinders. Amen. Bill, keep on doing what you do. Thank you for leaving my morning. I'll tell you what I'm doing, man. Thursday, April 10th, I'll be running right to the bank with a big check. Okay. Good for you. You deserve it. That's what I'm doing. Have a great day, pal. And give that guy a big tip. Okay. He's grabbing a cab. But, how'd you like to do that for a living this time? Oh. I feel for you, man. Anybody else has to drive for a living this time. We empathize. We sympathize. We were grossed up by the thought that anybody has to survive the lunatics under Rodinus town. Good luck to you. You'll leave it. Here's an interesting fact, what I fear the most being poor when I'm old. That's a good one. When I put it on there. But that is a good one. That is a good one. Especially the way things are going today. Uh-huh. The way the things are going today. And of course, all of this, Colony, Voloni, these machinations on the market now all based on the knee jerk reactions to how the war in Iraq is going has nothing to do with the economy, which is in the cramper. Employment is an all-time high. Why, I want to this yesterday. What's the point of rehashing it? It's depressing. The millions of people have lost their life savings been ripped off by Enron and global crossing and a lot of these other phony, baloney companies. Did he say global crossing? That could be the one to Richard Pearls involved with. 567-0560. See, this is the thing that amazes me. Is the people of this country are so poorly educated that if it's six o'clock this evening, right before dinner. All of these people, Richard Pearl and Wolfowitz and Dick Cheney, they got on there and they fessed up and they said, all of a bunch of crooks were in the whole thing that's going on. I was based on a money and the companies where I've got us by the balls of Haliburton and all of the stuff. The public would still that. The polls wouldn't change 2%. Because the public can't relate on that level. All they can relate to is saving private Jessica. That kind of stuff. Here's the bulletin board with all these brave young people over there in Iraq, hopefully by the way some of them come back alive. And there's an awful lot of this friendly fire going on by the way, friendly fire. Not an idiotic expression. It's kind of like lightly killed. It's kind of the same dictionary. Out of Rogue, Rogue's, uh, Sorris, friendly fire. Three more journalists did. The word today I think is like, uh, it's tomorrow. Three weeks when they dropped the first bombs, the bunker bus just on a palace. Three weeks. Do you realize how many journalists have died in this thing already? I mean, during a long war. I don't know if you weren't that many journalists and I realize now we got the embedded, which is not a good idea, isn't? Not a good idea. But then again, how could we have the made for TV war without embedded journalists? 10 minutes after 10 at 5.60, WQA, where we're highly, radio-ish and what the audience is highly stupidish. Man, are they pathetic today, huh? Just don't have no material, man. No material. Well, if the Stanley Cough play off starting of our night, no material. Call a pack and talk about hockey. First of all, I got to call that old cog, and it all cool, who's probably hangs out at the racetrack all day down by the finish line turning over our losing tickets. That old guy, you know, what's he, what's he called, Hank about hockey for? You know, it was nothing about any hates it. You know, like it, see, we got a lot of lazy people on the station. No one to make the effort to go to a game, see? Learn a little bit about it. Since they're supposed to be covering these things, he actually goes, he even watch it on television. Watch it on TV. How many games have you took other than me and Gildy if you took the whole staff of this radio station other than me and Gildy and put them together. How many hockey games you think they've seen in your life? Bob, turn, man. And that's an exaggeration. That's probably high. Not as high as some of those people, but it's pretty high. 11 past 10, how is it possible that I could be so good on this end and the audience sucks so bad on the other end? Okay? Because they're trying to keep up, I get you can't keep pace, can you? No, it is dottering old flag on here. You can't do it. Losers. Hey, speaking of losing how about losing some weight? Didn't I just do this bad boy? Phyllis, you really do a log like me and the log from hell. She is brutal. Don't mess with my little, I'll go to Greg Green. Get out of here, Phyllis. Go terrorize the upper people on a little drink of water. Can you see her supervising the water in a rack? Uh-huh. Talk about people starving over there. That, you had a fimble full. That's enough. She might've had. Wow. You have bodies laying from coast to coast over there. She was like dulling it out. Any way if you want to lose weight to safe the easy, delicious way here is the answer I've been telling you for a long time and works. Balance for life, great results for the beasties lost 60 pounds and I then I feel we've saved his life. I really believe that. And he's even got a date now. I think he had a pay for it, but nevertheless. No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no calorie or carbohydrate counting. Just fresh, delicious goodies, I'm telling you. If you tried to match the ingredients that they put on their meals, couldn't do it. Cost your fortune and the time it would take would be just unrealistic. Balance for life combines an knowledge of the zone diet with special emphasis in the glycemic values of carbs, put it all together to make a long stir-ra sure with delicious foods and you lose the weight like crazy. Three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks are in your black sack and they deliver your sack right to your door by 6am at your home or work or if you want to be. The only choice that you have to do is between two choices for each meal and we did that you're on a program from the little menu they send you each week. Simple as that. So if you want to lose the weight like the beast and like thousands of other people are doing here in Southport and all of the country now, call Balance for Life, 9-5-4, 5-6-8, 32-29. Forget about the Fad Dites, Forget about those dangerous pills, 9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29, or check them out on the web at balanceforlife.com. 5-4-5-6-6-5-6-6-3-0-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-0-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1- acesso- 2-5- birth of a golf arts or a western Akira I think you'll possibly be the worst thing we've ever been to. I think you'll possibly be the worst thing we've ever been to. I think you'll possibly be the worst thing we've ever been to. And so... 1017-560WQM are speaker as blown. If you blow too much, you're in trouble. No question about it. Our speaker's blown. I just mentioned this, and of course, Muf just came in very concerned. He was very concerned. He's very, he's right on top of it. He's got the engineers running around, see if we can afford to like trade one out. When it's out, trade it out. Because we got like all second-hand stuff in here. That would be our theme song, second-hand rose. Millionaire contestants convicted. London, and one of the nation's most closely watched spectacles combining courtroom drama and celebrity TV, a British Army major has wife and an accomplice who found guilty yesterday of trying to cheat the TV show who wants to be a millionaire out of its jackpot prize worth 1.6 million. Judge Jeffrey Revelin called the attempted to fraud the show a shabby schoolboy trick. His sentence left the three defendants major Charles Ingram, his wife Diana Ingram and college lecturer. Techwin, Widdock, anything but millionaires. The judge ordered that jail terms of 18 months for the major in his wife and 12 months for Widdock be suspended for two years. It were charged with procuring the exception of a valuable security by deception, meaning a check for 1 million pounds or 1.6 million bucks. But he ordered him to pay a total more than $100,000 in fines and legal costs. You have now been shamed in the most public way Revelin said in this case, having regard to your positions in life that must be in itself as of your punishment indeed. I don't think it is at all. It should have been like 15-20 years of peace. Did it say how? I'm very afraid. Did it say how they tried to? I don't remember. Yeah, well they were like they had stooges in the audience. There's what they were doing. Stooleys. Here's a great fact since I'm out. Let's take one or two more. I don't think it's going to be too promising to. WQIM. Hello? Yes sir. Yeah, I like to work off the nail. You're talking to him sir. How are you? You know on the V onion. On the erect of business. I have just a couple of addictions to make. This isn't a word as the connage. The real wall will be after we supposedly take over the fight between the curds and the Sumis and the Shiites. Yeah. And then one of the addictions. I think this country has had a history of not changing president during the one time. You want only a year and a half to go yet. There'll be another war or two of the same size and calendar. And Bush will be right and get a love in this way you can change your life. Sumis, you think the country's going to have an appetite if these people want to here keep us going on word war four as wolves. Games, wolves, he said for like the next 10 years. Well, I don't know. It'll be around more four. But they're little connages, rampages. Whether it's Syria, whether it's a little rampages. You think you're going to have a Syrian or anagony, little rampages? Well, this isn't a war. That's the show up with this so much five years in one. Have a great day. It was in his phone or the speaker again. No, that was his phone. Wow. I think it's a plot. No, certainly this between the speaker being all screwed up and pitted. Do you ever hear of a speaker being pitted? No, don't even know what that means. Well, it's blown. Okay. I mean, saying this blown is gross, but it's pitted. Which means that it's been driven too hard and it's, it's this, F. Okay. It's the rest and death and death. And so, listen to that call on it, speaker on top of it was almost enough to open up my ear, but not quite. Maybe that's what he was trying to do. Thanks for the call, Pally, but get you a new phone. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. A plethora of call here today. WQAM. It's a cosplayer. WQAM. Yeah, nearly. So your argument is that no loss of life is worth getting rid of that I'm the same. Who tortures a murder 10,000? Sir, let me ask you how many dictators on a face of the planet torture and murder people. So don't do anything good because if you don't do it all over the world and don't do it at all. Is that what I said? What do I say then? You just said how many dictators are you talking about? Well, let me ask you something. How much money do you think would it take in to bump off the dominance two sons? Really, if that's all we really wanted. We were going to spend 75 billion just for starters. Plus we're going to be in there for minimum of six months, which probably means 6 to 10 years. How many twins and dollars is it going to cost us in long run or hundreds of billions? It wasn't just for Dom. He had a whole entire party that baths us party. You had to remove that entire party. Then why are we supposed to be so excited about the fact that if he and his two sons were really killed, that we just cut off the head of the whole evil empire? Well, obviously that's a good thing. I mean, he was the head of the government. So what we're going to do about the Nalkastro that tortures the centers and puts people in the jails? What we're going to do about him? Well, again, like if we were... What are we going to do about our progress with Shahref and Pakistan, who's a dictator, who's a general who took over the government by military coup? What are we going to do about him? What are we going to do about common is China where they have a billion people and they shoot people in 10 of them in square if they protest too much? What are we going to do about every dictator in a face of their, how many American lives are you willing to sacrifice in order to get rid of all the evil doers on the face of the globe? So I will not waste my time listening to your crap. Okay? He says the fact, his facts are screwed. He said tens of thousands of people a year said, I'm worse than I'm worse. Wrong. I mean, guess what? What do you have to embellish it a little bit to make him like, you know, so he's an evil guy. So the matter is, there are evil guys in charge of many, many countries and keep in mind, we, we've brought them up. He was our evil guy. Over the weekend, when they found that he enormous, those 120, four bunkers, it was unbelievably amount of weaponry they found there, enough to like choke the Chinese army. And they're from, of course, they're all marked where they came from. Russia and France, Jordan and US, and then we never heard about that anymore, because that was kind of embarrassing. And if they do find these weapons of mass destruction, then they probably will. Guess where some of them probably came from. Ah, yeah, think about that for a little while, sir. Since we're one of the great exporters of weaponry, anywhere in the face of the globe, and also one of the great exporters of tyrants, Argentine and Chile, we went through the list of the day, you know, our tyrants. And then of course, if they get a little bit to our outer control, like Norway, then we got to go into any acamaut because we didn't like his complex anyway. James Woods was embarrassed. 560, 560, pound 560, only 18 intake. Sir, it's very nice that you're willing to sacrifice the life, not just of the American soldiers, and the journalists were there, but all the Iraqi people who were supposed to be liberating. And all these grotesque pictures of the bodies and the blood, and the kids with their heads blown off and sliced up this middle-wind. You do know that the red crossbite of the west is the hospitals are saturated. They can't handle anymore. And they're running out of medication. They're running out of supplies. And this is only the beginning. Now maybe you would like to pay your tax dollar, sir, to like put all the damage together again that we've freaked in the last three weeks. Undo the havoc that we've created. Can't undo the deaths because those people are not coming back. God ain't going to bring them back. Allah ain't going to bring them back through dead. So it's very carefully here to talk about sacrificing other people's lives in order to depose this one and depose that one. And I'll say to you again, somehow we manage Stalin and Khrushchev and all of those farbicina right wing. I'm sorry, left wing. Excuse me, communist this, but Stalin didn't kill anybody. Kill millions of his own people, sir. Millions, not a few thousand like Sodom. Millions. Millions read a little bit of history, sir. And he didn't, he didn't, wasn't suspected of having weapons destruction. He had him. Zillions of them. Nukes. You name it, he added. Chemical and biological weapons, which we still know where a lot of that stuff is. That's being protected with rusty locks. And for rusty locks used to play right field for the mats right after rusty stop. Oh, by the way, speaking of rusty stop, like Ronald Range. A gourmet cook, you know. But anyway, I just mentioned that in passing. I'm all over the place today. I'm not going to waste my time with it. I'm going to be like, you know, it's always this hateful. You know, as opposed to like saying, you know, can we discuss this or like, don't you think, and no. So you're saying, yeah, I am saying. That's my opinion, okay. And I happen to believe very strongly that I'm right. And millions and millions of other people do too, including a lot of more scourge Middle East to say it because it's no longer politically acceptable to not the government because we're in a time of war. They got to call before with a bad phone. Oh, no, he had a good point. Big and keep us immersed in these wars one after another. We're side by each. Almost endlessly. And for sure, not going to change your government in the middle. See, that's where pop a bush I guess went wrong. We got that out of there. And now all of a sudden, people are able to focus in on the economy. In the fact we were another one of those great Republican recessions. We had to Reagan recession. And we had the George W recession. Now we got the George two recession. And we had to buffer recession there at the end. We certainly want to be talking about those things, do we? WQAM. How would it start to commercial everybody? What? How would it start to commercial everybody? How would sperm? Yeah. Q, WQAM. Because there is WQAM. Yes, my speaking. Speaking. I don't agree with the war either, but I think, you know, that we should do something about it. You know, they should do something about what? Those people are wrong people. You know, they're doing wrong things to other people. You know, it's not what people are doing wrong things to one other people. What are you talking about? So that's what I'm doing wrong things to people. Yeah. It should be stopped. I mean, that's what we're trying to do. I personally think we're trying to do. Are you really believe that? I personally think we're never going to find. We're wasting our time. I'm not talking about whether we find them. You really believe that that's why we're there because Sodom is doing bad things to his people. Yeah. How come, how come in 1988 when a poison, the courage with a poison gas, how come we didn't do something better to him then? The only time we did something about us when he invaded our oil friends in Kuwait and then we did something about it. We went and we were going to go for the oil. Where did that for the oil? In addition to which if he was such an evil do or how come we left them there after the Gulf War one? If he was such an evil guy. He wasn't any less evil or dead. We're definitely there for the oil. I mean, that's what we really want. I think he just got through Tommy. We're there to get him up because he just such bad things to people. Well, that too, but I mean, it's fairly much never going to end. Sir, let me ask you, does you feel like he's a danger to the United States of Britain? To the United States? That guy is my danger to the United States. Okay, thank you. Twenty seven past ten at five sixty WQM here. More great deals for you from Tom Lamin and Joe Prieto of Halipadi Act GMC. The LDL number one, get zero percent financing for sixty months on every potty act or GMC in stock. The LDL number two, get up to a $4,000 rebate in every new GMC in potty act in stock. That's correct. Get up to a $4,000 rebate in every new car truck in stock and yield the L number three. If you're currently a GMS smart liar, a Lisa smart by customer drive a Chevy Blazer, old Provado or GMC Jimmy, via a Lisa new potty act or GMC, get you an extra $1,000 off the price. Stop by Halipatt and test drive the all new and powerful potty act grand pre. Watch how you spell it. Halipadi Act GMC in the same great place to make in great deals for 35 long, excruciating years. 134.01 South Dixie Highway that's on US one right across from the falls. Open every day seven days a week. If you want more info on his great deal deals, just call the Neil Deal hotline tool free at 1.48, 53442 11. That's 1.48, 53442 11. Don't forget all Neil deals are submitted to credit approval cbd afforded tails. Halipadi Act GMC, no doubt abooted. They are professional grades. We're sports video 560. You a M. Dick in the White House? This is an actioner who's okay. We don't bring you, sedan who's saying lie. I was so scared after hitting the bombs go off. I could up to my pants. 131.560 WQM happy Tuesday to all of these people on sound too happy to do that. Okay, commercials over. Let's go back to our sperm now. Not that not that. Isn't that interesting how some of the people in this company have sold out? Everything that they believed in are professed to, so obviously they couldn't have believed in too hard. This is pretty interesting Charles Paine, senior defense policy fellow at the Katoins Dudley Chicago Tribune rights. The Defense Department claims 12 nations would nuclear weapons programs, 13 would biological weapons, 16 with chemical weapons, and 28 with the list of missiles as existing in emerging threats to the US. But only one of these countries sits at top the second largest oral reserves in a world. I just mentioned that in passing. And also, thanks by the way Tom, for fact, seeing with us, Enron Corporation signed contracts with GOP Consultant Ralph Reed, worth more than half a million dollars the F. E.C. has disclosed in ruling, the Federal Relations Commission, Enron paid Reed to form a Christian coalition leader about $300,000 before the Energy Company's collapse. The payments came to light as part of an F. E.C. inquiry to whether Enron's hiring of Reed was a sham designed to disguise an incont contribution from Enron to Bush's presidential effort. The F. E.C. said the evidence indicated that the retention of Reed's company was a bona fide deal and not to side a high contribution to what's wrong. Thank God for that. Thank the Lord. Because we wouldn't wrong Ralph Reed. Good Christian like that. We do anything sub-rosa. Member Rosa? 560, 560, pound 560 on it. Feel like I'm way out there on the end of the limb all by myself. You know what? I don't care. Don't bother me. All the naysayers, all the, you know, that's my response to you. WQAM. QAM, hello. Well, I'd like to talk to Neil. Speaking. Oh, Neil, how are you today? Okay. You know, this war is a force enough, but what's really concerning me is what this government's going to do after the war. The punkies they're talking about putting in power over there. Is this Chalabi guy? Right. I mean, this guy's illegitimate is could be. Right. That's about James Woolsey put in him. Right, this right. It's absolutely ridiculous. I mean, I hate to hit, give credit to any member of the Bush family. But I think that the president bush did the right thing. Containing Sadama, weak Sadama, still in power. You can control him. But now when this guy's out of the huge power vacuum there, they don't forget General Jay Garner, the right wing retired general from Orlando, was also a good buddy of Ariel Sharon and the right wing crowd in Israel. He's another one that they want to stick in there. Absolutely right. And you'll notice now we're back to the same problem that we had before this all started. You got the state department meeting Colin Powell on the one side who wants to have a UN presence in there. And doesn't want to stick all these lunatics in there to run the country. And on the other side, you've got Rumsfeld and his chicken hocks. Right, yeah. All those idiots, wolfowits and the russ. And Richard Pearl, dick. I mean, it's absolutely ridiculous. The only hope that we have is that maybe the UN and the brits who are starting to grow out the bubble. Yeah, that's right. You'll notice the brits finally have drawn the line here and they're not going to go along with this crap. Uh, ridiculous. You've got to have it made of bright move yet. I don't think there's any chance they're going to make one now. Not for us they haven't for them they have. Have a great day, pal. Well, there's a guy. There's a caller. Five. There's one. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. NHL Stanley Cup play off start tomorrow night. Any interest. Oh, that's right. I forgot. Tuckies all screwed up and it's got like no audience in this country and the yachty yachty yachty. And it was awful over time losses. God, listen to this station and no one I got ahead of it. Man, I like the Humper but some of the stuff that he spews out. Now stick to your tracks. Stick to your football. Stick to the stuff you know something about the problem of the NHL is unlike the, and this is the reason the NFL has got it straight. Nothing got a sound on the cap. That's why you've got parity. That's why you've got like 85 weak teams in the NFL, but at least they're even. And a child you got to range has been in their 80 million dollars. You still can't make the playoffs. And then you got the panties spend a lot of fun. I think next year's payroll is going to be a little lower than this. I heard it was going to be. Looks. WCWM. Neil, if I was respected you but I've got to tell you I think you're way off on this Iraq issue. I heard you tell one caller before that if we're not doing something with every dictator and every murderous regime out there that we shouldn't do anything at all. Oh, that isn't what I said. That's not what I said at all, but he used that as his argument for why we ought to be there. And I just use his example, Castro and their dozens and dozens of others. Well, I think you're, I think in that sense you're right Neil, but I think we have to do what we can, where we can. And I think you got to look at the grand strategic sweep of what we're doing. And what does that the grand strategic sweep and what does that sir, please educate me? I'll tell you, I know you're going to think it's the bill crystal fall off a weak point of view, but I think probably taking out the biggest guy in the block in the middle of the Easter Sunday. The message there, if you would be in a case out there that we're not going to take it and basically don't attack us. I think it's a great way to go. I'd like to know when he's last 12 years since Gulf War one, I'd like to know what it is that he's done. I'd like to know who he's attacked. I'd like to know what threat he represented to us into the brits and the Australians. I don't see it. It's not there. It doesn't exist. Well, to find the end of the minute, in addition to which the last time I checked Iraq was the only country allowed my Jewishness to cloud my vision of what Israel's really all about. And it's in the hands of launch a right wing lunatic, just like this government is. Well, I think he just mad because you don't like the fact that we're using force and Iraq and you're taking it on an instrument. And let me ask you this. Let me ask you this was I made when we used force and Iraq in Gulf War one. I was all for it. So was I? Yeah. And I was no fan with the way it ended. I think Bush won with the lalgae president and he should have gone all the way to Baghdad. Yeah, but he didn't. He didn't. And now we're trying to find that he didn't what happened as a result of it. Let me say it again. That Saddam Hussein had anything that we have shown so far. You know, Dan Welled if we could show it, we'd be parading it on every billboard in the world. Anything to do with 9.11. Well, time will tell. And that's far as we know now. Did is there any connection between the Iraq Saddam Hussein and 9.11? Are you talking connection in terms of what the transfer is. And in terms of anything. They have it. They have it. They have it. Strategic interest. No, my son. No, sir. Sir. Not in a place. Please. Please. Please. Don't do me a tap. Please. Look, Neil. Your better. There. There. Did they have any connection? I don't want to history lesson. Was there any connection between Saddam Hussein and the Iraqi government and 9.11? Yes, sir. I'm not in a position to know that. I had access to it. Okay. You don't want to answer the question. I mean, you know the answer is no. They practically had a hernia in the US government trying to prove that there was. Can't do it. Just like they're hurrying. He's waiting now to find these weapons of mass destruction. This pesticide. I mean, it's a certain gas and nerve gas. Pesticide. I mean. You know, you're one of those people. And you're in a majority. Congratulations to your sir. Got a goose step right along. We just got to do that. We got to take him out. He's an evil doer. You're buying right into the bull crap. From a bunch of stupid and very dangerous people, they're not all stupid, devious and dangerous and dumb as in a president. But surrounded by dangerous, devious people, with their own special interest in heart, they've got nothing to do with liberating the Iraqi people. Just keep in mind. It was about regime change. It was about weapons of mass destruction. It was about operation Iraqi freedom. It sounds so good. Oh, and it sounds great. Talking to anybody, be against that. Liberation by elimination. And I'm going to say it again. Is he willing to set? Because I'm not. You know, in a real war for real reason, in a legitimate war, people die, grotesque things haven't been worse. But this isn't a real war. This isn't a just, this isn't even a war. Just an invasion. It's illegal. And the fact that we got, oh, in fact, the Solomon Islands said, that by the way, we don't have to know about it. Where is that article? When we were listing again, all these countries that are the Solomon Islands, the Solomon Islands, I don't even know where the hell they are. They sound Jewish to me. Oh, hey. Solomon Islands. And the prime minister, the dog catcher, where did I have the Solomon Islands? He said, oh, that's news to us. How come we're an analyst along with Mauritius and Ritria and all these other, the, in addition to which they're all with, we had over 100 countries in Gulf War one. Every country with more than 50 people in the world was with us in Gulf War one because it was a real war. And they knew they were on board. Right. And they weren't keeping it as secret. They didn't say, oh, don't tell anybody. We support you. Don't tell anybody. Come on. Get serious. The overwhelming population and the overwhelming majority of the countries on a face of the globe are opposed to this insanity that's going on right now. And these people are, I mean, you know, it's a free country. I'm delighted to hear from you, but you can continue trying to rationalize you. And I'm going to give it to me. In this last guy, how many chances did I give him to answer the question? I didn't hang up on him. I didn't. Now, I'm always accused of that. I hate this agreed fine. He was articulate. But he wouldn't answer the question because he didn't like the answer. He didn't like what he knew was the answer, so he resented the question. We don't need to be invading people who aren't a threat to us because we sure is, if we would have had a fainted Saudi Arabia, I'd say, yeah, now we're talking. They got a lot of oil too, by the way. That's where we should have invaded if you want to invade anybody. And then maybe Pakistan right after that, except they got the nooks. Oh, look out. 1042 at 560 WQA. Let me tell you if you're not getting a good night's sleep. There's probably one answer. And I just know, let me get a little dog that keeps you up all night. Or maybe because your mattresses lumpy and bumpy and crampy and worn out. Even the best mattress in the world will not last you forever. So if your mattresses, you know, if it's that time, RIP for the mattress, do yourself a big favor. The one easiest thing to buy is a mattress right over the foam from dial-matrous. Just one simple easy call, 1-800 mattress will show you that this is the smart way to do it. Take it for me. I've been doing it for years. Every time the mattresses on the way out, I just make that call. They got Seely, Surduous Simmons King Corps, whatever size whatever style you're looking for. You want to 20, want to 20, want to 20, want to Queen. They got it. Thalamakrases is right. Number one in customer satisfaction. They've got more repeat and referral customers than anybody else. Because they know how to treat their customers right. Once you do the smart thing in biometrics over the foam from dial-matrous, you'll never go back to wasting time and energy and gas and money in assurms again. And don't forget when you buy a mattress from our friends at dial-matrous. They set up the brand new and take away the crappy old Smellys soil betting for free. Let me see it again. They set up the new and take away your crappy old nasty betting for free. So make the call right now and you have great night's sleep tonight and for years to come, 1-800 mattress. It's a simple thing to do. 1-800-MATTR-ES for dial-matrous. The easy to smart way to get you a great new bed. The light and low. This is for 20-50. You weigh in. Capture the imagination of all of America. It's Al-Kidna in the family. The leading twin-dales. Non-believer's got to hell. Living in the cave that smells the other day. O'Sauro bin Laden's favorite son, Saad, is kicking over the family business. Funny business that is. Oh, shut up in it, you think that and where is that no good meat-turb in Sunday, man? You called, but now I can't hear you in the family. It's like something you've seen before. Oh boy, some of them aren't goat ribs. What are you going to do? Eat the great Satan the devil, man. I'm not a man, Jesus. I'm not a cop. I just killed not my strength for the Jee-Hard. I'm Jesus. I'm feeling God, but I'm still blowing at them. When the son of a jack will get the son of his own, he'll learn and soon. I'm Al-Kidna in the family. O'Lean, Al-Jazarec, he'll be left. Emporys out at 5.60. You're W.Kimbar. We're getting fanges up the nose today, man. Here's what it says on a pool. I would have voted for religious fanatics, but if they don't have a powerful government, they're not as dangerous. Therefore, I voted for George Dominion. All right. In my opinion, when the government and the religious fanatics are working together, we're all in deep, deep trouble. And you are. Absolutely correct. Top it off with Ask Croft of Interferwood State Laws, including Sodom, a unit for Gaze Nutstraight, assisted suicide, medical marijuana death penalty cases in non-death penalty states. Protest demonstrations, we're not living in a police state, and they're all in together. We've been living in a police state for a long time. It's just now a lot more exaggerated than used to be. They got higher hip boots. Here's what it says. Great show is always in. Again, absolutely correct. I think so on this end. The other end, man, what can we do? I mean, the last guy he was fine except he didn't want to ask it a question. He wanted to have a conversation based on just saying, you know, certain as be selective. Certain things we don't want to discuss because it doesn't support his argument. It says that someone in the so-called minority of Americans against the war in Iraq, one thing about this war in particular that burns Vium, is that no one is accusing Bush with a accused Clinton of. Why didn't he get in head? It says, remember during the monicus scandal, Clinton ordered troops into Kosovo. Everybody said he was trying, oh, that's right. Everybody tried to, what was the movie? Wacking the dog. Right? That's it. Think I got a good memory because you're like, man, wagon the dog. Everybody said he was trying to distract attention away from the domestic monicus scandal. How come nobody's accusing Bush of starting this fictional war against the record and distract our attention away from the fact the economy is in no's die? Keep up the great job. Bush sucks, Jim sucks, get the religious despots out of office. Excellent facts, thank you. While the endearfield is usually pretty good, he writes, I haven't even ready yet. I have a proposal for the segment of the American public who unequivocally and wholeheartedly support the Bush Empire and its invading policy since the defense department utilizes an all-volunteer armed force. These advocates who have been inflicted with blind faiths should join the frontline effort. I wretch whenever I heard them babbly and ain't uttering that always begin with, we should do. I think they actual should be, we. The next uses put their money where their mouths are. Screw the 35-year-old age limitation that they haven't learned the truth by now. They deserve to be in the frontline cannon fodder. Every other nation on earth sees the injustice is here at the Moranica Merrick and Minds said rambles on the follow the Roman empires upon us. The wee element are society needs a massive overdose of history. The behavior of this power structure is anything but new. Ever since man crawled out of the cave, they've been vying for the top of the pile. Amazingly the cannon fodder have never figured out the motivation of greed and power. There's never enough of the ones at the top. By the way, please explain to me how the bush empire doesn't qualify as a dictatorship. I guess imperialism and empire building is different. Last time I checked stealing the government as a key element of dictatorship. I'm becoming increasingly convinced that this regime is in for a long run, supported by the mindless, pericicide-adave nurtured, screw-in-all, defoundation for my return plan calls for me dropping down a job, put me out of my misery as well the indirpial. As usual, all the great facts would luck to you. So we'll millions of others. Let's see, here's the boy. I'll tell you, it just goes on and on. He's faxed his one from last hour. I'm sorry for saying this right off the bat, but I have to rip QA management for the so-called Howard David at show. This is a poor excuse for a morning show. It says twice this morning, I clicked over to 560 both times all the years Howard and guilty crying about how late the basketball game was last night. Somebody tell these two to grow a parent stay up till midnight every once in a while to watch a major sporting event after all the supposed to be sports personalities. Howard said he stayed up, but the way he carried on was evident he didn't. He probably saw highlights this morning while straightening his wig and read the papers as soon as he had the studio. The old Cocker hit the earlyverted five in his snoring by eight. And Goldie needs to butcher up especially if he's trying to work for ESPN radio. He can't butcher up, don't you get it? Not if he wants that job. We don't mess with the, uh, m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m- M-m-m-m-m-m-m-cm-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-57-m-I-e-ou-ani- relationships pl Frage-off try not to be There is a photo as the world trades center hurrah 911. Horrible pictures and memories no doubt at the end of the 910 photos with the following words. Remember 911, support President Bush, support the troops. How disgusting is this? I'm not sure if the email was intended for people who think the same way in the same things or try to convince people, especially people who can keep a little thinking for themselves that there's some connection between 911 and Iraq, some connection between Al Qaeda and Osama or Saddam. I asked the questions of the person who afforded the email to me, I told him I was unaware any of troops stationed in downtown Manhattan and ground zero fighting terrorists. I asked what the connection was between 911 and Saddam. The response, there is a connection as Saddam financed or helped to finance the terrorist at struck on 911. Where did that come from? When I asked how we knew that and knew it so definitely, I got to look as if he was looking at the enemy and I was told that didn't matter if there's proof of a connection or not. And this was an intelligent educated adult human being. It says, that's right. If there's not proof, we'll just make it up. Like that pesticide. This for your poll, it says, I voted for loss of freedoms. To me that encompasses my fear and disgust with Bush, ask, crop, rums, felchani, etc. And I'm still not so much frightened for myself as I'm from my young son, who has to grow up in this world created by the administration. All I can say is the only salvation I use that term cautiously is to vote Bush out in 2004. Absolutely correct. So that's all I'm going back hiding under the bed. PS, thank goodness for using on the air. What I've been saying since last summer. Thank goodness for me. That's what I say. Even though not too many others are saying it. How is the poll coming? Who are what do you fear the most? Do we have that in there? Now they will fear you. We don't have that doing. Ah, dammit. We do have. We do have. Do you know who I am? I'm low-greed. I made my phone when you were going out with cheerleaders. We do have that which I do like better than Connie saying. Now they will fear you. And then of course we have to reprise that. Bring it back and Godfather three. And Michael says, maybe they ought to fear you. Oh, that's so lame. They both say it like it's almost the slabs. They're like a stand-up comedy routine. And then in the kitchen just before he has his goes into his dive at a coma again. Don't ever tell anybody. And if outside the family, what you're thinking, or something like that. And they're sitting there in a kitchen. They're not outside the family. They're sitting in a kitchen. But they have to keep bringing back lines from before because they ran out of dialogue. Who are what do you fear the most? We have 117 votes religious fanatics, 109. George W. Bush 80. Terrorist 35. Laws of Freedom 33. Mohari Davidids woven up 18. They fear you, Moh. Oh, not Moha Green. You know who I am. I'm Moh Green. No, not you. World War 14. John Aschra, 14. George Rodriguez, only eight and Donald Rumsfeld. Six, how come he's so low? Huh? He's one of these super chicken hawks. How come he's so low? Well, I'm just, he's holding the puppets holding the puppets. He's holding the strings more than Bush's. He's holding the puppets? W. Q. A. Yeah, how do I, hello? Yes sir. How do I reach your main number? Is this the main number I'm going to? What do you do once you're working with helping me? Six o'clock this morning, there was somebody in the Howard Star. Howard Star? Yeah. Howard Star? Howard Star? Howard Star? That's right. They had an advertisement for a mortgage company. Yeah. Howard Star is not an estation sir. Howard Star is not on this radio station. It's Howard Stein. I'd ask you, I just said it. Howard's turning. No, yes. Then what you just said? His name is Howard David Howard. David Howard? David, yes. David. You talking about the Mohour Davidich show? That's right. Okay. And what did Mohs say? The check-up clock is there. They're on the check-up clock in the morning, right? Yeah. All right. David, was this a Mohour David's father, a guilty spot. Oh, he's there, that's right. He's there. He's there. He's there. That's right. They advertise a mortgage company. I'll give you the best advice. I'll call them tomorrow morning on their show. Was I have no idea? That was good. That was our best call today. Right in there was sure in the running. Police violence, shots activist, other at Port of Oakland protest. Oh, this picture is nasty. Look at that. A protest or refused to give her name. Guards the wounds. After she says she was hit by Oakland Police, weapon during an anti-protest. And a war protest in Oakland. Is this the one that we got on the website? Oh, man. Looks like she's got a baseball under cheek. Police violence, shots activist, and others at the Port of Oakland protest. An anti-war demonstrated the Port of Oakland turned violent this morning. Meaning yesterday morning, when Oakland Police opened fire with wooden dowels, stingballs, concussion grenades, tear gas, and other non-lethal weapons when protesters at the gates of two shipping lines refused in order to disperse. Scores of protesters ran from a line of police trying to hide behind nearby big rigs at least dozen administrators in nine long Sherman who were standing by were injured. Our guys were standing in one area waiting to go to work and then the police started firing on the long Sherman said Henry Graham, the president of IELD W. U. local 10, somewhere hit in a chest with rubber bullets and seven of our guys went to the hospital. I don't want to imply the police deliberately did this, but it doesn't make sense. There have been so many anti-war demonstrators in the Bay Area in recent months that they've almost become routine and most of them in peaceful. Money's events marked the first time that local police have used projectiles to disperse crowds, many demonstrators said they were stunned that the projectiles were fired at such close range, but a bang, that's right, close. Just like Santino said, you got to pre-a close, okay, and you fired those rubber bullets right under their post, right under their goddamn chest. 1057 at 560. What about Kent State, huh? That was just another abre one of those things, you know? Just a little overreaction. Not that we would do things like that. They'd be all alone people for protests. Never. Only in countries where the people are bad, do they do think? See again, so many of these people is very sad, childish. There's the good people and the bad people, where do good guys do it? That's right. All right, cowboy and Indian kind of talk. 1058 at 560 WQM, where are the bargains you might be wondering, I'll tell ya. I'll tell you where to go, believe me. The bargains are at the swap shop over 88 acres, chart full of bargains from into an outdoor vendors. The swap shop is the busiest retail location in the world before daylight and at night, the swap shop got the world's largest 13 screen drive in movie theater featuring great first-run movies. A lot of so many people shop at the swap shop, you may be asking yourself, no place else can you see millions of dollars worth of brand new brand name merchandise and flea market prices. And everything you buy at the swap shop is quite entaid. Free admission, free parking seven days a week. The swap shop is the cheapest place in the world to shop every Thursday. Be a free buyer, free seller every Thursday, free garage sale space before 5 AM and Monday's all day long. All of these things and lots more waiting for you at the swap shop on sunrise board of art, between 9.95 and the turnpike called 9.54, 7.1 swap, film is the female in dollar three-wing circus seven days a week. You'll never forget the aroma at the swap shop called 9.54, 7.1 swap. I don't get how many take-o, give me what, grease ball, come back, come out of the woodwork. I'm German Irish. Well, let me tell you something, my crock, Mick friend. I'm going to make so much trouble for you, you'll own a what it was, come and lawyer, I have not threatened. I know almost every big lawyer in New York, who the hell are you? I'm gonna hell a year. There you go. It's 9 o'clock on a Sunday night. All right. And I'm gonna watch HBO. There's some dumb show about a few looms, where the Tony and Big pussy go. I'm hot to wait over a year and a half to see if that Russian guy is dead. The way I turn on the tube, I'm sure getting screwed because they're showing on this instead. To victory means that we needed no money on investment. The way you're doing your best is also for roadside influences in our communities who have taken a great jobbar with this. in the back room of the father being holy monster in the.. is furious, smoking crap and as Tony still fails, we're still grateful I stopped feeling fine Think God HBO's spring and thought that they goes Each and every Sunday at night Oh it's season 4 of the Suprano's man Good thing never hanging back If I had to wait even one second more I'd have my cable guy awake Hey forget about it It's about the Oregon time, right? It sure is level 4 that's about our time At 560 this is some cute dialogue from a new movie called The Mothfather It says you know who I am? I'm old David I made my bones when you were dating alter boys You don't come on already and try and intimidate me I intimidate you And then the Mothfather too That man's name was Moth David When he turned up dead I didn't say nothing I knew that he had a lot of enemies he was full of hot air He wore a wand bat on his head This is the business we've chosen These are cute little more dialogues for you from the on father The Mothfather David and the father Show That guy was great I want to hear about the Howard Stern David and the guilty whatever that was Here's a fact from Alan one of our regular facts as who says It's absolutely frightening how ignorant the majority of your colors are That's totally correct This is the Romans kept their citizens distracted with wars and circuses The Bush regime does it with wars and ball games It's only eleven weeks before I get back to the set of the event cover can't wait And I echo that emotion, okay sir absolutely correct day Look at the screen list out of call on the board You know there's something very very very wrong here There's something wrong over here Do you believe this? This show today on a scale of 10 I usually don't do this but I'll do it anyway because they sure won't I'm a scale of the tag of myself on 85 today This show on his hand has been sensational I deserve a goddamn schloka ward or something for this show today And these people out there You can't change it you can't make God damn steak out of Halava You know just can't do it You can't make chef them rea on out of chicken crab God is this place dead's bill huh? Hello, yeah, let's talk to some old farts okay about the notch About social security And thank goodness they're going to be using all your social security to pay for war against Syria and Iran And North Korea and everybody else we don't like the way they look in China Canada next to Cody and good along with the see there Cyprus WQAM QAM You lost your audience Yeah, you lost your but we still got you asshole That's the only thing we care about we still got you you lost your audience Oh brother God WQAM Niel Yes sir I'm doing okay Yeah, this war I'll tell you what It's the ripshire part you know when you see the lies being lost No, it really rips them apart here, not this is robust and but we're just them apart Well, it's ripping us all apart I think you know what you're for the war against the war It's about as depressing as you can get I mean if you got kids You can't even put the freaking TV on And the funny thing is is like we report the war Like it's a freaking sporting event, you know? That's absolutely right, sir. You got your thumb right on it That's right Like a Monday night football here we are in the night Yeah, they look it's a made for TV event that is absolutely correct It's got gone depressing and I really think If everyone put everything into perspective and realize that this is what Why is that are being snuffed out I react to it and any of the rackies Are people that yes are afraid of the dumb and but I've lived a life of I'll tell you one thing most of them right now are a lot more afraid of us than they are of him Yeah, crazy crazy crazy thing play any bit these days or what? Yeah, yeah, am I playing any bit these days? No, no, I haven't heard any reason What about it? I just get through playing it just play this soprano man You're playing the rackies I'm sorry I was out of the cost for one more Well get that hop back in your man I do apologize I do apologize I do apologize Don't do it again Pick me out something good the next five or ten I'll pick one for you I'll pick it Okay, thanks Come on, let's pick one for this guy Oh Oh There's the bush family song I like that Or is that the a measly bro? Well, same tree They were just on different sides of the tree I think there were three of them 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line Who are what do you fear most? You know, I realize I've been a little under the weather I finally make an nice comeback today I lost a couple ounces And if I get my ear open then I'm going to really be dangerous And then this crowd they just didn't see they weren't prepared for this They weren't prepared that all of a sudden I'm like a hundred yards ahead of them And pulling away in the stretch Like sequitrient in the bellmon That's right Like a gigantic sundering machine Like a big old fat tub of crap That's right Pulling away Because this town is the land of the sitting and walking in the whaddling dead With a walk around every street corner man Everywhere you go Just like that old bitch of the hockey game on sunday Oh my god Fine, must be set that really important Must be a big game to bring you out And he'll Gah Gah Hey I can smell your million miles away Honey, okay Just smell like to jam I I'm going to be wanting to smell like strawberry jam She smells like to jam Nasty, crusty, miserable old bitch The smell of creeping death from head to toe Smells like mo 567560 Pound 5 560 Yes Okay, just come down Guys, relax Okay Man on the shit Because I wouldn't speak to his ugly ass this morning Don't save your breath, okay Talk to somebody who all I'm sorry I was gonna say talk to somebody who wants to speak to you That really limits the action 10 minutes after 11 at 560 WQM How many times did you have an opportunity in life And you didn't act you just sat there like you were paralyzed You didn't reach out and grab it and you missed out All right now is one of those times Rarely doesn't opportunity interrupt you But this one should Interest rates have gone down even lower than they were Financial group was offering you an interest rate of 3.45 percent Then they lowered it to 2.95 percent now Rates have gone down even lower Amazing as it seems 2.45 percent financing with our friends at financial group Let me say it again 2.45 percent So call financial group and fight out about it 1.894 Oland How long will these interest rates last? Is they saying China? If waste? Who the hell knows? It's a window of opportunity Go through it with an annual group and get an incredible low rate Of jet and now with they say in China Just 2.45 percent and save yourself Thousands and thousands of dollars Call financial group at 1.894 Oland What will 2.45 percent financing do those monthly payments To be more Pacific? Here's the answer A $200,000 loan cost to only 786 bucks a month A hundred thousand now loan you pay only 393 bucks a month Amazing do it now Call financial group toll free at 1.894 Oland That's 1.894 Oland or an equal housing lender Greater restrictions do apply Rates are subject to change without notice 5.34 APR My life I love all This is 4.4564 And we are Yeah And drug whose name says it all Sign a facts Finally a prescription medicine that always gives you more than you'd expect Sign a fact Isn't it time you experienced Side effects They cause loss of blood loss of hearing loss of Reginity vertical Empatigo impadence and prison And shrinkage of the genitals And large amount of the genitals Soffoning of the brain Soffoning of the stool Loose tools barstools Toves doils huge prehistoric bats Swimming out of the sky And eating your dog How about toast this? Very, very, very Manalo rectal bleeding Reckled numbness Numbnuts, chest veins Hunger pains, dry mouth, cotton mouth, large mouth Small mouth, hell mouth or deaf Side effects is perfect for everyone Not intended for women who are pregnant Women who are meant men who are pregnant Children with dogs Children with dogs who are pregnant The elderly, the young Kitty Cat, Steve Perry, Catpools Headholes who are pregnant And pregnant pauses Induswangers like these Ask your doctor Opharmacist about side effects And find out if it's responsible for the Mysterious, Pustulant Growth Under your last time pit F**k them! It's 115 at 5.60WC And we had one lady caller today Oh, I don't believe so So I guess the ladies of South Florida aren't concerned When they see the pictures of all these people being blown up Young American soldiers and Brits And all these young babies that are being They're dismembered in the sliced up I guess that they don't care about these things One way or the other Not one call, not one fart, not one blurb, not one the grips Nothing This is South Florida ladies and gentlemen We absolutely do not care And often said every best This is how Mark and reverse It's like the sausage shop Or we care enough to send our very worst That's right I like some good bratwurst Oh, God Seriously, you know, in Colone and in Berlin They serve the bratwurst on like little buns They're about half the size of the long bratwurst And a bun and you hold the thing in the middle So when you're doing the acorns, you'll eat the bun It the bun serves as a holder and you'll be sure a little Mustard on your a weiner And you just eat it around and round a bun You just throw it a bun away It's great There's nothing like those German buns 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Back to them And who has a wire Oh, that's right, I forgot they're a bad guy So again, they keep laughing into that Well, the French, they're always bad WCWAM Hey Neil Yes sir I'm done with the media Each You don't? I don't know I've got that online I can hook up with your links to CBC and BBC And I want to put a little CBC on here in a minute Two things that the media just I haven't heard in weeks One, where's been loaded And two, how come nobody's chasing the money? Well, by the way, Ben Lange is released I knew audio tape today I mean next week with Tatches If somebody misses a decimal point You're going to be here in it for seven years All the B counters we can't track the money That's been financing this Or anybody's not even talking about it Well, we're worried about post-itabory Rackman, we're worried about setting up the new business I mean the new government Zoom military Well, I appreciate you format And I know there's a lot of idiots And you know a lot of people just can't make it to the phones too Though you realize I know, I know, I know, listen, most of the people who can make a defone Shouldn't have a great day pal Hang in there, thanks Neil See, well, that's a nasty What did you put that picture up there where that come from? Oh, that was part of the war I mean just, uh, Lange has to have somebody sent a clue Yep War is not a video game, war is not a movie Real children really died These pictures are a glimpse of the real face of war And it's on our website if you got a strong stomach Oh, god While this Iraqi girl appears to be alive The liberty and better life we are bringing to our country And any cost has cost her a foot And may cost her her young life There, ah And then she's still alive Which I don't know whether that's a good thing or a bad thing to be honest with And that's shape I don't know, there are just numbers on a page, man We gotta get it before they get us God What a bunch of mindless morons See, this is one of the reasons they don't want education to be good in this country God forbid That the people might get smart and they're dangerous They've learned something about history, what's something about civics and about their government What don't happen there? I don't know, I heard a, um Uh oh Oh, it's harder to hear it Hell, I'm so busy Just a little smile So can 80 an a Let's go, let's get with it So long for that So long for now Well, it's just the end of the newscast Well, I ain't gonna cut it That was the end of the newscast Well, I was, I was hammered That was handless look for that guy What a nice, kind of a little flavor of the CBC attack on Iraq and interesting it doesn't and it's an and it's an and we want to show you all the operation of Iraqi the the attack on Iraq and it's an all day the way all the way the city people there describe it as a rain of bombs the US third infantry division has turned back a counterattack by hundreds of Iraqi fighters in the world. And I'm just a journalist died with an American tank open fire on the Palestine hotel with this camera is located. And another part of the city there's a pile of rubble that could be the grave of Saddam Hussein and his two sons. A US aircraft dropped four so-called bunker meeting with his sons Uday and Crusade and several top advisors. The buildings were flattened. The attached today are both ferocious and relentless. Among the buildings coming under fire was the Palestine hotel. The temporary home for hundreds of journalists covering the war, including the BBC's Raggi Omar, who filed this report. An AT&T tank bust a rules over the Iraqi capital. As America tightens its grip from the air as well as the ground. It comes back again, blasting this ministry building for a second time. America's army has swept through the Iraqi leadership's seat of power and they're now in control of one of the city's key bridges. The American forces are pushing on relentlessly that continuing to take ground and pounding defensive positions and given the fact that they seem to be coming up against hardly any resistance. It seems that everything is theirs for the taking. The officers of Arabic satellite channels including Al Jazeera were his, seemingly by an American war plane. Our later an American tank fires at the rotors' news agency in the Palestine hotel, where all Western journalists are based. The Americans say they were responding to sniper fire, but dozens of us were on the roof of the hotel and none of us heard any gunfire at all. We tried desperately to get medical help for our colleagues. But in these series of attacks, several journalists have been killed and wounded. How do you like that, huh? Oh, I'm sorry. We're supposed to put the truth on your forgot. Attack on your rack. I like that. Oh, since it started, the logo on CBC I just never paid attention to the difference. And of course, you notice the difference in reporting. Right there, we're going to go right on the roof on the shooting started. Let's get those journalists, baby. That's why I had to bad. They heard that there was no sniper fire. Yeah. That's right. That's what we like to shut them up because they can give you the real stir of what's going on there. As opposed, of course, to the cheerleaders with the pom-poms who are like embedded, you know what I'm saying? Very, very different. So it's like a different event. When you hear the news from the CBC and the BBC is opposed to the cheerleading American networks that I use the turn loosely, little taste of the CBC, their A, little taste of the truth. Not anti-American, not anti-inni, but they just write down the middle of the truth. How many of you QAL? Hi, got a question for Neil. Yes, sir. Speaking. Hi. I've been following the news lately and there's been some talk about Syria. What they're saying is that is a question. If Syria was going to attack Turkey from the rear, do you think Greece would help? Ah-ha-ha. Right, there's an American for you, baby. There you go. What's that gorilla they got on passions that old Mrs. Wallace's nurse? They got on monkey now, that's her nurse. Well, that's because Beth is busy plotting the kill Sheridan and her baby. What do you got to understand? You never did see Sheridan, did you? See, you know, you and George, I'm telling you, Sheridan isn't one of the most beautiful women in the world. Blonde, she is just amazing looking. Oh, that's right. We don't want to watch passion until it's a soap opera. It's not a soap opera, it's a comedy, it's a sad thier. That's okay, you watch the crap you want to watch. You keep watching the funny paper. I used to watch days of our lives until one of the people got possessed and photographed up the bed. Yeah, they started watching them. And also, what's his name? I don't want to show our years ago I did. And it's not interesting, they brought the guy back who used to be the farmhand and now he's a John or somebody like a different character. Like the audience has got Alzheimer's or something. Just ignore it. Which will they bring McDonald's carry back? And what's your name? She's still on a show, by the way, Alice? How old is she? 100? God, I must have been watching that long time. That's your cause when I started I was about 30, man. WQAM? Yeah, how's it hanging? How you doing, sir? You know, I have switched. And the beginning I was for the war and I have to see in a lot of things and not just listen to the YouTube, but the thing that really killed me is that one scene would have the other night where the family came out with a little kids. Right, right, terrified. Going through the house, I mean, I mean, right, really to meet their maker, they thought that was it. I mean, look at that little girl and just shaking in the mother and if the two little boys is looking at the guys like, what are you guys gonna do? It's just unbelievable. And, you know, I just, I just, I just, I'm not always a should, that the song you're not being a shame to be American. I'm not totally ashamed, but it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, make you think, what's, where are we gonna stop with this? This is just part of the scene so far, this is part of the scene. And, uh, I was just, I know you always rip it on Randy Rose and, uh, the big one! She really, so run, I don't even pick up Jay at all anymore. Is that, is she really on me? How are you doing? I don't think she's even on me, more. I think people just talk about her because she used to ramble and scream me on a liberal part. I think she's even on me more. In fact, I don't know if she's even in town. Because I know they did that, uh, six, forty, six, twenty-nine. Yeah, well, well, listen, she channel keeps moving those stations around. You can't even find them anymore. It's unbelievable. And I got John Lutter. Sometimes I listen to, I hear drugs. Matt drugs, something like that. Oh, my, you listen to Matt drugs? That's an all-oh, my God. We're gonna get you a lobotomy, sir. I have got one already on order for fun. I'm gonna listen to that wild bitch. But listen, during the update is that guy John Lutter, like you were trying to, now, here's the Holy New Station in town. And they read the same freaking headlines every half hour. Something like, it was the guy that got shot. They bombed out a lot. And they just- And they just- And I just- Is there anything else happening? No. Guys, you're the same copy every half an hour. I think they're trying to attack your phone to your crap it out. Have a great day, pal. Bye, bye. Calm down, little bit. Uh-huh. My friends in the Jewish community, my friends in the Polish community. You left out your friends in the Greek community, John. And by the way, don't drive that car. When I hear someone says, what channel is CBC on? Well, it's- it's on the CBC. Ha ha ha. Move the camera there. Look at that nice suit today, huh? Nice haircut, Greg works like a real match today. You don't know what that means, but it's a compliment. Nice tie? What- what's the occasion? He just went a lot of years, something what they'll have. Look at that. Look, uh, that's the best time. It's a good time. Well, that's a good sign. You know what that means? He's finally coming back to the human race. He was a little bit out enough for a while there. But now he's like making a good comeback. We don't want to see you too much, but this is a pleasant situation. Uh, ha ha ha. In fact, that's the only time we want to see is during a pleasant situation, which in this business, of course, there aren't too many of many more. Here's one that says, as such, you will fact last week, tell you about the network logos being different attack on Iraq, war with Iraq, war in Iraq, and Iraqi freedom. That's right, Iraq, Operation Iraq, even subliminal decisions, perspectives, wouldn't you say it? There you go. Yeah, well, attack on Iraq is certainly a lot different than Operation Iraqi freedom. We almost want to play the violence behind that one, you know? 27 after 11 at 560, you know, you can't we got the mad dog from Augusta from that golf tournament, where the men are men and women can't get in. That's the one or clock we got, Hank from the Amyme. Why is Hank doing a show, Greg, at the Amyme heat today? I mean, is that for the playoffs we're getting ready? Ha ha ha ha ha. What is that all about? What are paying for it? Okay. Greg says, we'll take anybody's money. You've got a few bucks, you want some spots? Well, we'll take it. We'll no one else over you to spots. We just take your money, okay? Please, small bills. Hey, if you want some small bills or some bigger bills, go to fast-range because they can give you a great education out of be a high paid computer analyst, and you can start getting out of your dead end job and have a real career, a real paycheck and a real life. How do you like that? No excuse anymore because they've got locations all over town. You'll find fast-range in Miami, Kendall, Pembroke, Piz, for Lobbydale. So there is bound to be a fast-range location convenient and nearby you. They've got they evening weekend classes, Susan, you put it in your schedule and vice versa. Call them today and like I said, get started on a real computer career. And just for short months, you can be trained and on your way to some real cash and a real big fat paycheck. We're just here at Fast-range.com. We receive your free American flag bumper sticker and wave it proudly. Pick up the phone and call Fast-Train-The-Day tool-free. One, eight, six, six, fast-trained. Bye, bye, bye, bye. And look, six is 4, 3, 0, 5, 6, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 1, 1. These are American music icon. The original country punk. And now he's reaching across the Atlantic to pay tribute to England's greatest punk band. It's the best of Johnny Clash. The show's a wave, the whole like it. Walk in the Casbah. The man in black is back. I'm track with a very special version of train and bane. Did you stand by me? No, not at all. Did you stand by me? No way. Yes, London's calling. And they're saying hello to the best of Johnny Clash. If I go there, we'll be troubled. And if I stay, it will be double. Hello, this is Johnny Clash. And I shot this commercial in Reno just to watch you buy. My brand new record. So you got a let me know. Should I stay? Or should I go? The best of Johnny Clash. Look forward and the combat country section of your local record store. Thank you, god. You're welcome. 33. They say early test show, nerven blister gas. But not conclusive. They've been running that for over the whole of 24 hours. Pesticides, oh sorry. So Greg was just in here momentarily. Our close personal friend. Guess what he kept saying. But third man loves that. I think everybody loves that. Don't overdo it though. Don't play too many times. But third man. That's enough. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, all the AT&T line. Here's a fact that says I know it's cliche to say that history repeats itself. But it has done exactly that in the past. Look at the Roman Empire. The biggest strongest most advanced nation of its time. Destroyed by barbarians. And my the only one who sees a possible parallel with the Muslim fanatics in the barbarians of ancient Rome. All that had women and children are going to inspire a new generation of bin Laden's who want to up the ante of what's already been done. I'm confident in our nation. But with idiots at the helm we aren't looking too smart. As you're talking about Richard Helms and Jesse Helms, I think Richard I think Dick's dead. Richard Helms. Maybe not. Who I think enough? Oh wait him Casey. He's dead. They made sure of that. Oh, oh. They made sure he wasn't around too long. Yeah, one day he was fine next day. Dead. Wait him Casey. New too much. 455 votes on a poll. Who are what do you fear the most? Religious fanatics 143. George W. Bush 119. Laws of freedom's 59. Terrorists 54. Mohour David is moving up. He's got 21. John asked Croft his time with Mohour David. As she allowed a similarities. Repressive dictatorial. In fact, the ask Croft just moved ahead with 22. Mohs got 21 straight in that out. World War 19. A lot of people afraid we might be on a way to World War 4. Is that goof all said? Former CI director James Wolsey, who wants to pull the Wolsey over your eyes, man. Over there eating Halavah with aerial sharon, plotting all kinds of evil things. George Rodriguez 13 votes in Davarun's failed small potato season. We got seven. About the only thing he said since the war started of any consequence. In fact, last two years was a contract. That was about it. That's all he said of any note. Good column by Paul Croft. Crabman in the Times today New York Times last refuge. I'll get to it. Don't let me forget. Remind me please. Also that thing about these suspended the girls in Beaufort South Carolina. Do you see that? Yeah, that's sexy. Well, they're not really the right chicks. They're trying to be cute with any of seven chicks. These suspensions of 35 high school students in this quaint coastal town Beaufort South is that Beaufort Beaufort. I don't I can't the content of that stuff. Oh, she said cotton. Have made it the new focus of an old issue. They potentially offensive fashion statement made by dawning the Confederate flag, which I see many of those on your pickup trucks down here by away and I'm grossed out by it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Come on. Let's sing Dixie. Let's go. Got it. Got it. Got it. Outrage over these suspensions last month of students who were shirts with the flags sparked a protest march to a school district to our fist and roadside protest were students way the Confederate flag and held signs pro claiming heritage not hate. That heritage was hate. How about the swastika? I had no idea in the world anyone would be offended by this saidbrok Armstrong 17 year old Beaufort Bioe. Heye student sitting under family's home. Overlooking the marsh and a duck where Confederate flag snaps in the breeze. She's the babbling brook. Ha. Or she sees that on a mor either. She she on babbling brook here. And I mean anywhere she embombed each? I don't know. Somebody from Palm Beach please call the list, no all your line ups up. They're plus you got new sports, stations, all kinds of it. Some nobody cares. To Armstrong assured is part ofwing a sudden girl she says. I thought being like wild and loose was what being a southern girl's all about. Lucis a caboose. Have one of the oven? That's bad, but it's true. If anyone asked you to work on a strong everyone says the real southern girl with a country accent she says, that's not personality high, but it knows me. That's what she says. Oh, bro. It's such t-shirts were banned at Beaufort High School after a student who since left school wore a flag shirt and handed out literature with Confederate emblems to recruit members for the area in Nation A. White's supremacist group. A few days later, school hall monitors had off a confrontation between the student and two others. The monitors reported more students also seem to be wearing the flag shirts at principal 11. Under the county school dress code administrators may prohibit the wearing of clothing which may forcibly disrupt the interview with the school environment. So we got a bunch of red and extra things that's okay to wear the Confederate flag shirt, but if you have a piece on anti-war t-shirt, you're going straight to the god and concentration camp, baby. No questions. That's right. Straight to camp. Summer camp. Winter camp. Paul camp. And spring. Put it like that. It's America for you. You fact one, we changed the awards. National anthem. The home of the used to be brave and the land of the used to be free. I like that. Yeah, we're going to start singing that. At the track when he played a star-spangled banner. The umbrella without. But thank god for my good buddy Dick Fineberg. Thank god for you, Dick, your great man, your great American, a great human being. It's a great, the tabian. Whatever it is. Now seriously, he's a good guy. He likes me. Nobody else likes me anymore. That's okay. Nobody else likes me anymore. Carlos used to like me a lot, so we said what he's bedtime stories. But that's a really gross thing we put on there on our website. You know something good. That's what you need to see. And I've seen plenty of pictures a lot grossed in that, like those first five of American POWs that got buttured. As if we didn't know this was going to happen. We knew it was going to happen. We know what we're dealing with. And we took these kids and we put them in harm's way like that, including some of the females like Jessica and the black girl who we still don't know where those other four or five are. People got offended at these pictures and they say, oh, wait, what? You shouldn't be showing that. Yeah, yeah, we should be showing that. You should be, you should be tied to a chair. Every person in this country, especially the sympathizers for this buttering that's going on for this illegal invasion, they should be tied to a chair. And have their eyelids proud to open like in a clockwork orange with toothpicks to make sure that they have to look at every one of these images. And should be selected. So you can see that it's real. It's not just a made for TV movie guide, damn it. Everything that's not, well, it's such a thing. It's not comments. It's not a bad way to watch. It's something that makes some people fix such a thing. And there's one of the Irbateebe stage. Finally, to put on CNN, a little picture in audio. But you know, just a minute or two from CBC, I put on here. There's the real story of what's going on. And of course, whatever we need to make up to be expedient all while we were only shooting because there was a we were responding to a sniper fire. There wasn't any sniper fire. Did journalists were there under roof? They heard nothing. There was no sniper fire. So let me see it again. Like the guy like that British soldier was psychotic about the Tigger happy Americans with all this friendly fire. Remember that story the other day? Yep. Cowboys. Cowboys. Well, why the hell shouldn't they be the president of Cowboys? Why should we have soldiers being Cowboys? And I mean, supporting supporting our troops does not mean putting them in harm is way. Put them in situations where we know that a lot of them are going to be butchered for an unjust cause that we still can't really define. Well, is it, is it those weapons of us destruction? Is it regime change? Is it a, a freedom for the Iraqi people, a liberation by decapitation? What is it really, you know, when you come right down to it? Air be a couple of days we have to change the name of it so we can keep selling a goddamn crap. Like it's like a snake world salesman. That's what it is. Peddling bull crap to the public. Not selling to good around the rest of the world. Sell and big in America. Because the American people are really smart, you know? Like Fredo. That's right. They're like Fredo not dumb. They're smart. How is that thing? Thank you, man. We'll think how smart. That's what everybody says. Like dumb. I'm smart. And I want this thing. And of course, for respect, you know, we need to go see it, don't you? Don't call him. Right. Twenty and nineteen, dole noon. Well, I'm getting carried away here today. It's good thing I am cause you on his room. You know, like wake up and sip the death of it. It'll you allow his hands down here. Your brains are fried from being down here too long. Wake up and sniff it. That called with Hank is that he that frosted my ass. You know, we're just couple of days from the Stanley Cup playoffs. How seriously? How many minutes of the Stanley Cup playoffs do you think other than me and guilty? The entire radio station will watch during the upcoming playoffs. They're going to go on by the way for eight solid weeks. And those eight weeks. How many minutes do you think the staff will watch? About thirty minutes. Yeah, that's exaggeration. You're going to watch a. No. I'll watch probably one of the championship and maybe the the the conference championships too. Really? Yep. Always got to be the odd ball. Eighteen till noon a Q.A.M. Hey, if your carpets look in smell and feel not too great. If there's schmussy in other words, as they say in the hungry, here's the answer for you. If your carpets are from hunger, make him look in smell and feel just like brand new. I know it sounds stupid to be true. I'm not exaggerating. When dry concepts finishes the amazing job on your flow. You'll look when they walk out the door and the hand your little rose. You hand them a check and say, Thank you very much. You look around. You say holy crap. I can't believe these carpets look like just like brand new. No matter how hopeless they look right now, I've done it for years over twenty one years. They've been on this program. And I've used them in my home. And every ten there's never any disappointment. Every ten they do a spectacitor on beatable job. Because they dry clean your carpets. Which sucks out even the deep down dirt in your five or zero carpets. So by the time they get down your carpets look at a lot of clean like brand new, stay clean and longer and last longer too. Because you're not stopping all that crap down to the carpets every time you take a step. And they also do is to punish job cleaning your poultry, your leather furniture, your drapery, whatever it how you need. If you have problems with pet orders and milled the water is caused by water damage, no problem they'll do their magic on those two. And no matter what you have them do for you, they give you a written guaranteed price. Every time you feel they start the job, you can't beat that. So if you want to do pennies job at a guaranteed fair price called dry concepts, you'll never even think about calling anybody else. In anywhere you are, toll free from anywhere it's 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071 or if you want to get more information about dry concepts, just log on to their website at www.dryconcepts.com. Don't forget when you use dried concepts, clean today, entertain tonight. Live at the local faith, 60-5060, the re-usual yours. You ain't in. It's you with the present. If you will. Come on, Senator. Senator Dolb wouldn't be better to have the deficit. That's not a bad idea. It gives us $400 billion for the lease. Maybe even to the Clinton Library. Perfect. Leadership is about bad economics. And can you believe women's rights? It's wrong. Because we're stronger. I hear you looking for it. Look, let's give up our homeland security education. So, it's a charity and Medicare. 14-Till noon. You asshole. At 5-60WQM happy Tuesday, too. Gotta put a big smile on our push. Might as well. Lot of any press and stuff going on. Don't let it get you down. That's my best advice, okay. Here's Don and Del Rey. Got a good facts. And she started on. She cried. Look at that. She's all whipped up into a frenzy. That's okay, Donna. You've heard enough to send you very... Pist. She says, what that is going on here. How can an American be proud of this genocide going on in Iraq? My fear is that this country will never crawl out of the Republican hammer. We now exist under. We're under the hammer. Not that hammer. Where is our hope, says Donna, that Democrats are frighteningly silent. Who do we turn to next? Fashile Graham and Kennedy lost their voice. Question Mark Cat got their tongue. But she says, Donna, I'm ashamed to be an American. She says, I'll continue to voice my anger about the sham of a war. You're right. This is an illegal invasion. Well, there's no question about that. Randy Roachy says, on 1290 from 3 to 7 a.m. 1290. What is that? Is that like a pop-up toaster? We don't know. So she's in Del Rey, Donna. Thanks, Donna. Thanks for getting whipped up and carrying her. Although we have no women callers today. You think that especially a lot of the butcherery of your little children at school and I and other innocent people as well. That the women see if the women don't care that nobody else is. Because the men, you know, it's the macho thing. Let's kick their ass. Let's go and kill some schmattaheads. Let's go. That's what it is. Americans love violence. And even in this case, if a lot of our own innocent people are on a receiving LL, you know, collateral damage. Like the friendly fire. W.C. who I am. Hello. No, this American does not love violence. Well, good for you. Absolutely not. And I have a child. And I don't think that those Iraqis love their children. Any less than we do. Right. I think it's disgusting what's going on. And I have a feeling that it's just never going to be over with this administration. You know, it's another five years. They got big plans. And of course, the other caller with that bad cell phone before though. He was really right. Because if they keep us going in war after war, they're going to this alisher. You got four more years for W. and then eight years for Javan and George P. eight years for him. And there's nothing we can do about it. Right. Except move. Well, where are we going to go? Madagascar sounds good. Anyway, I also wanted to talk to you about fat. Okay, please. You know, you were saying earlier that people want to step out of you. Mm-hmm. I've loved about 15 pounds since January. Good. Great. So I, yes. So I tell my mom, who's, you know, constantly bringing candy. Easter's coming up. I say, I don't want any candy in this house. And she shows up Sunday. I see the bag she's bringing. And she's got a pack of the Oreo double stuff in there. I said, I think I don't want that crap in my house. I'm doing really well. Mm-hmm. Well, it's not candy. She says. Oh, yeah. She was, she had bringing a couple of dozen crispy cream donuts. That wouldn't be candy either. Oh, and how about a half a gallon of rocky road? That's not candy. Oh, stop it. Okay, but just keep in mind, you're, you keep that mentality. Those people are your enemy. Okay. I don't care whether they're related or they're friends. If they do that, they're not your friend. She does not understand the sugar addiction. Mm-hmm. And she does really well all week. And she says, oh, Sunday is my day to indulge. So she has her sugar on Sunday. Well, tell her don't you all find Sunday. Stay there. Okay. Never want to Sunday. Yeah. Have a good day. Okay. Keep up the good word. Thank you. Okay. Okay. She lost 15 pun. All us fellow fat people. We got to declare our own war against fat. In fact, it's fun. She should call because I just had this story. Oh, Beast Children, somebody affects the sin. Oh, Beast Children rank their quality of life as low as cancer patients. Oh, Beast Children, right there. Quality of life would score as low as those of young cancer patients on chemotherapy study finds highlighting the physical and emotional toll of being too fat. Testing at, or teasing at school, difficulty playing sports fatigue, sleep, appney and other obesity-link problems, also very effective Beast youngsters well being the study found. While the researchers didn't expect to find youngsters mirroring the clich of the fat heavy child, the dismal scores were far far lower than anticipated. Said lead author, Dr. Jeffrey Schwimmer, a pediatric gastroenterologist of the University of California, San Diego, the magnitude is striking. He said, the likelihood of significant quality of life impairment was profound for obese children. And there are a few things that make me more nauseous than fat people and watch them parade around their fat, cubby kids. I don't want to mention a name to anybody on his radio station. Hi, Appalee! But when you see fat people who have got real, but like their children have to be a mirror of themselves, you know? She'll be a rest. Like they sit around heavy and right for parental malpractice abuse. Horrific. You can just envision them all sitting around just shoveling, shoveling the crap down their posts. Just shoveling it in. Like the scene from Fatso. Never forget that scene as long as I live, man. Wow. With Oscar Lapetus. Alright, don't get worked through a rambi. I'm just telling you, you people like keep putting food in front of me and leaving candy right here on my friends. I'm on you. People like keep inviting me to dinners. And I just had a stroke. Not a major stroke. Thank goodness. Thank the Lord. But you know, less than two months ago. And for the entire period of time, I keep telling, of course, that's what I'm here when I'm in Toronto. I don't have to deal with that. You know, I go, I eat without I want to eat. And that's it. But here are all my good, close personal friends. And I'm just about all of them. Have some of this. Have some of that. Women will take a bunch of rat traps. Some of these people just put it all around the house. Here you go. Let's put some of this under here. And some of them. Because they know sooner or later when you have it, when you're addicted, you're going to eat it. Oh, give me out of here. Please, give me out of this place. Put me on a plane. Put me on air can to be before they go out of business. Yeah, they just filed for our chapters. 85, 92, 175. The flying's going to be a thing of the past. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. If you're going to fly, man, you have to use your own wings. You're going to have to like flap your arms real heavy. Do it like freaky curls are fraught. He can do it. That nobody on three shame on you. W-w-a-m. Hello? Yes, sir. Is this new Roger? Sounds just like me, yes. Yeah, Neil. I've been trying to get through to it for quite a couple hours. There you go. Yeah. Well, we're doing screenless because Carlos is not a lot of pressure in the other room. Yeah. Anyway, yeah, that's a room. You're right about the, you're points on the Iraq War. Bush and his buddies are just up for big business deals on that. And I just feel it shouldn't be done. It shouldn't have been done. And I appreciate all year of insight, all year views on it, and spread in the word. Okay, thanks a lot. Appreciate it. Thanks a lot. Have a great day. Well, there you go. Short and sweet right to the point. There's one guy who likes it. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T in Parasua. And the sad part of it is that most of these people, and look, I'm not going to change anybody's mind on this radio show. But at least I'm going to present an alternative viewpoint as opposed to 110% of the other crap. You're hearing their voices like, oh, how are, you know, let's take to go back to Howard Stern commercial break is over. Yeah. I mean, when Howard Stern and Phil Henry. Yeah, but wait, yeah, the way to second. What's left? What's left? You know, I used to think that maybe I was over the top with all the comments about, you know, not see this in fascist. That not only was I not over the top, I think maybe I'm understanding the case. I think Hitler and Hermann Gearing in the crowd may be embarrassed. Put these guys put them to shame. Patriot Act number one, Patriot Act number two, but surrounded a bunch of people. But of course, the thing that's just so hysterical right from the get go. If I can use that expression when they had those first pictures that prisoners of war, and well, if we catch the people who did these communities, Barbara Sachs, we're going to make sure that they're tried. Well, let me say it again, the international court is where to supposed to be tried. But the problem is that the United States not only opposed that court, but they're not even a member of it. Now, we don't want to be part of that. We want to bring it back here and dispense our own justice. We'll go see Don Corrione for justice. And we got our own world here, man. Every treaty that this country was hooked up with, not we don't want any part of that. Forget it. We didn't mean it. The environment, nuclear arms proliferation, we don't care no matter what it was. We're going to do our own thing. And the public, hey, you know, whatever you say, like I started the same minute ago, you can't talk to these people. You're during a time of worship. We have to go step. We have to get behind the president behind our troops, which of course one has nothing to do with the other. I don't know, I don't know anybody, while I was at one jackass from Columbia and I got to be like strong up somewhere like Mussolini. Talking about how he hopes that the jillians are troops give kill or just a proof of point. We don't know same person hopes that we wish him all the best and wish that they be home before noon, which is about four minutes. But supporting the troops and supporting the president, supporting us illegal invasion. No, not the same. But that requires a little bit too much. And when he can just turn on, oh, look at this. Here's Greg Lynch, Jr. again, Jessica's brother. But you know, she's not in the state where she really wants to talk much about that. Well, good, because we don't want to hear it anyway. I mean, God bless her and good, good luck to her, but enough with Jessica, right? Saving private Jessica. How long is it going to be before that movie is out, huh? How many days you think it's going to be before that movie comes out, saving private Jessica? I'm third man. Yeah, I think you got your thumb on it sweetheart. I think it's going to be way before that. This is going to be a TV version of the movie. Like I said, how many minutes before that comes out? I'm third man. Now, now why does somebody send me a list of all the casualties? I mean, I want to sound callous, but I said we don't have the time. What is this supposed to prove me? The 90 American casually so far, the deaths? Well, look at this. They really had names. They really got all of them. Well, yeah, that's true, but we don't have time to put it on the we could put them on a website, I guess. You want to do that? Sure. From Newsday, Newsday to come. I'll leave the one page here. It's got the thing on the bottom. Shelby Dunn. Put the names of these. And that's, I guess it is a good thing to put real faces and probably, you know, these were real people, not just names, not just statistic on the sheet of paper. Do you know how many wreckies died during the first Gulf War? A couple hundred thousand, I think? I was a hundred thousand. A hundred thousand. And Vietnam, we lost 60 and look what happened there. Hundred thousand. And now we're going to make them an offer they can't refuse by imposing, I mean by setting up this great new regime. James Woolsey, that old war now, for I have some kind of a mental block on a general from Orlando. I can never think of it as that would jay garner. They're not going to sit still for that for one second. And once again, you got the battle of conflict in the administration between Colin Powell and the voice of some reason on a one hand, and Donald Robisfeld and Wolfowitz and Richard Puro on the other hand, and of course the hand and the arm are up in the year to 45 degree angle. What was guys? Good, golly Miss Molly. You understand? Could you stop all things track of everyone? Two minutes till noon at five, 60, WCU I am. What are we doing now? Oh my good friends at the air. Well, that's what we're doing. Anytime you're in the mood, they're really pig out. This is the place. In fact, you want to take your kids there, make them really fat. Huh? Well, why not? If you're going to do it somewhere, at least let them enjoy the good food. Airmode coast Chinese buffet. They got three south photo locations. They went sunrise, north Miami Beach, and their brand new location in Pemberpines. You can start out your mouth watering, amazing, unparalleled feast with six-to-one. With six different soups, try one or two or try them all if you want. Have a bowl, have ten bowls of each. And I just pour it down. And then sample dozens and dozens, zillions of suckers and entourage. I've never really counted how many they are about to reach it. About third man. And of course they got that gourmets center, a sizzling Asian grill with teriyaki, steak, shrimp chicken seafood, handcar, firmer, all cooked over to the way you like it. And please keep in mind, you'll never walk out of the coast with a headache. Just a big fat public end of smile on your face. Because they don't use anything bad for you. No MSG, no cornstarch, and they cook only with cholesterol for your oils. The buffet features a full salad bar, new sushi bar, firmer and cocktail, and the lobster fest, which is world-renowned is back in a mucose featuring lobster thermators, and lobster biscuit. And if you have any room left for that dessert bar, it'll lock your socks off. If you weren't. They got pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all the favorite toppings and fresh fruit as well. Three locations you'll find them in sunrise, Pine Island, a 44th street. In North Miami Beach, Collins Avenue, just north of 160, third. And at the intersection, a flamingo and Pemberpines. Except reservations take on Bervie-Veable as well. Say how to rich it over at the Emile Coast Tom Goleafs Gold first game flies and leaves tomorrow for a little fear. 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22 don't forget for a real great feast any time. For lunch at dinner it's the Emile Coast Chinese buffet. We're supposed to eat five-six. You, A, M. And for our alien, our Russian latent. And I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soapnate from jewels. And listening to the meal. OK, I'm gonna use the hour. Say hi and put the little food. See you tomorrow, Howard. Oh yeah, yeah, you two will go the, uh, have a good day in paradise. OK. I get lost your fucking apartment. Hey, you are a David. Yeah, that's right. Star-estage-green and paradise. Say, you look like what's jamblin'. That's Gozae's world jamblin'. Yeah, but you're dead, then. So are you? I can't bear the car. Oh, I'm for. I said, get, get, move! What do you want to eat? How are you joining? Hey, get your head off the merchandise. It's free, mom. You want to eat. All right, so one but the smoke is down here in the gorilla head. What did you require of me? I require you drop your pants. Now, I'll now see here. Right now. I'm not supposed to drop it off. We're under here. You're like an out-bed door. Okay, you're on the trunk here. That's a nice house. Shit, Ben go over the top. Yes. Hmm. Hmm. Now, that's clear like a pig. Square, square, square. Swear. Say that's kind of nice. Swear. I got a roof. Wait, you're going. Don't I get a dinner? We'll jablin'. He's right, I'll win. That's. We'll jablin' rate me. Yeah, we know we just turned it. We're at $4.560. We're at $660. We're at $660. We're at $660. I'm happy Tuesday too. That's not a swear to launch by the way. Now we can have a good time, you know. That was a good party. Now we can have a real party in here. Maybe now that- now he's okay, but he's like, you know, sits in there moderating every word. Yeah. Yeah, a lot of public fat one. Okay. Anyway, here's one of the great facts is in history. From listener George. That's what the G. Good morning, the alarm sure I've order on chronic, but these thoughts are not meant to be amusing or tongue in cheek. I'm X-US Army served during Gulf War I. I entered the military as an officer, what would my columns degree, so I didn't get shot directly shot at very often luckily, but in lots of folks who were shot at and some of them are still dead. Nevertheless, I'm proud of my service to the country, and to the opportunities this country has given me. I've even got an American flag tattooed to my shoulder, so happy I was to get home and order a ham and cheese on dry, with spussy mustard and french fries. Oops. I supported Gulf War I, not that I had a choice, but I supported even under my breath, and I was non democratic filthy rich co-watees and their beavers and venses aside. I never even got a reach around Goddammit, after all, in Iraq invaded co-wate, and we certainly don't like nobody invaded nobody unless we're doing invading. Relative to the court attack on Iraq, anyone who thinks that this is all about the USA liberating the Iraqi people or being a beacon of hope for other countries in the Middle East is confused hasn't gotten beyond a weekly reader stage. If regime change with a goal rather than those Bountiful oil fields, we could have dropped a bunker bus to our two-on-sat, and gotten it over with and spare lots of lives. This is about replacing Sodom with hand-picked US friendly government with US friendly business practices, and it was established along term presence in the Middle East. We've had an Israel sort of, but I'm sure the new Baghdad will look even more like Boston than it does Jerusalem. Think Paul Revere's gonna be there? How about Fainty Will Hall and Quincy Market? The point of my faxes, I'm amused and disappointed, listening to the young punks who call your show and other shows, and love insults and attempt to intimidate anyone who doesn't have their brown shirts pressed, like boots polished. Last time I looked the US's military's recruiting numbers are way down the past 30 days. I know, I know you while at how many days? But third man! Okay, would you be disappointed if I didn't do it? Seems like the young punks on your telephone are only too happy to watch the war on their play stations, rather than putting their muscle where their mouths are by marching down to the recruiting office and putting uniform on. They call you another's anti-emerkin, but they do it while hiding under the kitchen tables or mommy's dress. They wouldn't know a weapon from a woman. If they feel so religiously supportive about this war, might have made a real contribution to recruiters and be thrilled to see them at their doors. Listen to George, great back, listen to George. Let's hear it. Listen to George, one of the great facts of all time. I'm gonna like that. By the way, we're doing the screen. Will somebody scream that you're not answering the phone? He's not gonna answer the phone, okay? Here's an update. Thank you very much from the Atlanta urinal constitution. In terms of black and white today's luxury to be warmly, tensed days in the legislature, that's in the Georgia, in scores of four of years. I see this is another story. A compromised measure on a new state flag and on a pair of statewide votes next year, one of which would include the 56 state flag with its Confederate battle emblem is expected to breeze through the house thanks to an alliance of white Democrats and Republicans. Not one of the 39 black house members expected to support the measure introduced by the governor's vehicle for racial healing. Even bringing up the rebel flag amongst tomorrow, retrogression said state senator Ed Harbison, Chairman of the Legislative Black Caucus. I think the message is clear that we hadn't come as far as we thought we had. Absolutely correct. The agreement reached last week with immediately held down the state flag pushed you by Governor Roy Barnes in 2001. And put up on that resembles both the stars and bars approved by the Confederate government in 1861. Just as a civil war began in the Georgia state flag that flew until 1950 and six. The legislation also caused for a binding referendum march second 2004, a yes or no one to stars in bars flag, which does not have the Sanders cross of the Confederate battle emblem. Why don't they just have a referendum in Georgia and South Carolina on civil rights? Huh? Might as well. Now back in the back of the bus again, okay, we changed their mind. We never wanted to get it in the first place. That's what you have. It's really, it's a scary man. And they can have a flag with a burning cross on it. And we're going to tell you, Rackies or anybody else, what it's like to be free and what it's all about the human values. This rednecky Bible thump and hypocritical board again full of crap. Country, we're going to do that. Oh, she didn't say that. Even though it's true. How many votes you got in the old, I'll take a peek. Let's take a peek at the pool. Who are what do you fear the most? We should have put the usual nothing. I'm fearless, but I want to put an S. It's crap. Yeah. Yeah. It's like a cop-out. It's like a number of above. No more that number of above crap. Get an opinion. Get with it. Who are what do you fear the most? We're just from that, 161. George W. Bush. Oh, 153. Lost her freedom 76. Terrorist 64. Mohour David, it's starting to move up just a little bit. 27. He scares the crap out of them. World War 24. John Aschari. That's how he scares the crap out of us too, because he's still on the ear. John Aschari, 23. Jorge Rodriguez, only 17. And poor old Donald Rumsfeld's only got. Yeah. A lot of shame, boy. He's way way down on the bottom. Kind of like Ricky Martin. Maybe they like it down there. On the bottom. I'm in his pass, no. In 560 WQA. All you dog lovers out there and people would pets you. Don't want to trust your pet to some stranger. Somebody at some, uh, yet to rent the place where you don't have no idea who the people are. What they're going to do with your pet while you're on vacation. Bark Avenue Pet resort is the answer for it's a panacea. It's the only all natural pet resort in the country. It's like having a day at the spot for your pet. Your pooch will socialize all day with pals and soft-matted players. And always out of the supervision of dog loving counselors too. Bark Avenue is a full service five star resort offering boarding in large-tailed sweets. They offer daycare expert grooming and all breeds. When you see the place and you can take a look at it online like I've checked it out. And you're going to be very impressed with the cleanliness. And also when you go to the lack of smell, you can sniff all you want. And it's like a purest, the lilac's in Rochester. It's a 10,000 square foot luxury facility that your pet will absolutely love. See for yourself what Bark Avenue is all about. Go online and take a look at it for yourself. Barkev.rezort.com. It's Bark AVE. Barkev.rezort.com. And take a virtual tour or take a wheelchair if you like it. Barkev to any money to set it up. You'll find them at 14. And that federal highway in Hollywood. What are blessing this is they're just one light north of Pembroke Road, right by the way. A blessing for pet owners because now you don't have to have a pee in your pants. Whether your pet is going to take care of right when you go on vacation or away for a few days. Call Barkev into at 9.5.4. 9.25. 9.5.4. 9.25. Bark for boarding, grooming, and daycare. Barkev into pet resort. It's one of a kind. Barkev. I can walk. This is Port-Witty, a five-second. You weigh in. Young God. There's Lady in town. She's a mother, Docs Jew. And she needs to buy bread that is unleavened. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. And she's buying bread at 7. He's living. Yeah. Oh. And the bread is wonder. Yeah. Oh. I'm the bread is wonder. Oh. I'm the bread is the only one. Port-Witty, a happy piece of. Happy Easter. What's this? It's in a counter when Easter and Passover are what today. It's early this year, I believe. Or is this just a regular Goyshich calendar? Very generic. What's Easter? Easter's on the 20th and Passover begins on the 16th. Oh, we got some times only the 8th. Don't forget that much of pizza at the peace log. Don't bring me any by the way, Jeff. If I will not eat it. Not because it's not good at. Don't want any food. Did I make myself clear about that? Yeah. Good. This will try. No, they won't. Jeff. Jeff takes care of me. Okay. He understands. Give it to the Remer. Okay. They only inherited what? Was it 15 million? And living in a six million dollar house. Or whatever by Eddie Jones. So give all the extras to them. They like free food. I like free food too, but right at the moment I can't eat. I'm just not an eating mood. You know. Gotta do it. Look what happened. I lost about three or four pounds in today. I'm almost. If this ear would open up. I know your tent. Hear me say that. And so my tent of it be. I would feel sensation. Almost good enough like to a show. This is such a sad story. Now we're all I see. West Hollywood, California. And here's another good reason to take your dogs to bark. Avenue. Pet resort. Okay. So you know what's going to happen with them. Dog dies after spending time under dryer at groomer. Pets a lawn owner calls the incident a fluke. Oh, why did you give this to me? Told you it was the press. Here an idiot. A golden retriever. I can't handle this term. Sorry. A golden retriever died after spending 20 minutes under a dryer at a dog grooming saloon. Salon. The owners of Golden retrievers Sam and Harry left them at you washed doggy earlier this week for our support to been a routine wash and dry. But two hours later the owners were called by groomers because Harry had died. His body temperature at reason above 109 by the time Salon workers rushed him to a vet. A dog's normal temperatures about 101. We dropped him off. Next thing we know we got a phone call he was dead. You washed doggy Salon owner Francisco. Generosity hopes the owner understands we didn't do this on purpose. It was a fluke. I like to give him a fluke. I like to give him a fluke. Just a fluke. Your friends Cisco. Generosity dogs weren't less than attended. They weren't under the box shaped dryer as too long. He theorized that four year old Harry died of dehydration. The cause of death is unknown. Pentegrine. The crops in the crop. I guess that's what they call animal autopsies. Very clever. But pet experts agreed that the hydration was likely caused. Sheriff department officials at no laws have been broken. Most manufacturers recommend running grooming dryer is no higher than about 80 degrees. And providing the animals with regular water breaks. You have to remember most people keep their homes at 70 degrees. Then he stoopes presently 7 California Professional Gromas Association said. Oh, makes me sick. Makes me want a vomit. The faster they dry them, the more dogs can get in and out. Yeah, right. That's right. The faster you dry, the faster they die. I mean. 560560. What what's out? I can't read that from here. The less refugees isn't that the one you're. Oh yeah. Thank you. I like in your case. Well, don't wait for exception. 1217 at 560 WC today's New York Times Paul Cragman who's almost always right. I've got his stomach on it. Rights. Not too long. In 1944, millions of Americans were engaged in disparate battles across the world. Nonetheless, a normal presidential election was held. And the opposition didn't pull its punches. Thomas Doe, the Republican candidate, campaigned on the theme that Franklin Roosevelt was a tired old man. As far as I've been able to ask you to hand the Roosevelt administration didn't accuse Doe of hurting morale by questioning the president's confidence after all democracy, including the right to criticize was what we were fighting for. It's not a slur on the courage of our troops, or a beat-littling of the risk they faced to say that our current war is a mere skirmish by comparison. Yet self-style patriots are trying to impose constraints on political speech never contemplated in doing WWE2, accusing anyone who criticizes the president of undermining the war effort. Last week, John Kerry told an audience that what we need now is not just a regime change in Sautom Hussein and Iraq, but we need a regime change in the United States. Republicans immediately sought to portray his mark as a little short of treason. Senator Kerry crossed a grave line when he dared to suggest the replacement of America's Commander-in-Chief at a time when America's at war declared Mark Rassico, Chairman of the Republican National Committee. Notice Mr. Rassico wasn't criticizing Mr. Kerry's choice of words, and said he did not be to Kerry because he dared to suggest the replacement of America's Commander-in-Chief, knowing full well that Mr. Kerry was simply talking about the next election. Mr. Rassico, not Mr. Kerry, is the one who crossed a grave line never in our nation's histories of considered unpatriotic to an opposing and commits reelection. Anyway, what defines patriotism? Talk is cheap, so as putting a flag on your lapel. Citizens prove their patriotism when they make sacrifices for the sake of their country. A decorated veteran has met met that test, most of his critics have not. I'm not just talking about military service, though it's striking how few of our biggest talks have served, nor am I talking only about financial sacrifice, though profiting from public office seems to be the norm, not the exception, among those who wrapped themselves in the flag. Mr. Rassico himself accepted a job as R&C Chairman, only on the condition that he remained on the payroll of Bracewell and Patterson, a law firm that specializes in lobbying. The biggest test of a politician's patriotism is whether he's willing to sacrifice some of his political agenda for the sake of the nation, and that's the test our current leaders have failed with flying colors. Consider the case of Tom Delay, the House Majority Leader, who also piled on Mr. Kerry last week, as it happens during the war in Kosovo, Mr. Delay was a defeatist and blamed his own country for provoking Serbian atrocities, any Democrat who said similar things that would be accused of giving aid and comfort to the enemy. Mr. Delay's political agenda hasn't shifted a bit now that we're war again, he's still pushing for a huge divisive tax cuts that go mainly to the rich. Nothing is more important in the face of war than cutting taxes he says, and he's still eager to slash any at all domestic spending. In the midst of war he pushed to a budget that included sharp cuts in yes veterans benefits. You can see why Mr. Kerry blasted back, I'm not going to be questioned in my patriotism by the likes of Tom Delay. Some timid souls will suggest that critics of the Bush administration hold off until the war is over, but that's not the American tradition in any way when will this war be over? Banded will fall but during the occupation that follows, American soldiers will still be in harm's way. Also a strong faction within the administration wants to go out of Syria and Iran and be on and outkid is still out there. For years to come then this country may be in some sense and war. And all of that time, if Mr. Rasa Goethe's party are allowed to set the ground rules, nobody will be allowed to criticize the president or call for his electoral defeat. You know what? If that happens we will have lost the war, whatever happens on the battlefield. Rice Paul Krugman and today in New York Times it's on our website. Iced on Paul as usual. They don't want to win the president, see they want a dictatorship, that's exactly what they want. People chuckled when I said, well, what do you think about the 2004 election? I said, well, if we have one, if we have one. What's going on in this country right now with the media, virtually all of the women's country anyway are a bunch of pansies and of course you got the fascist new, I mean Fox News Network. Somebody was telling me here before that they were foaming at the mouth like a rabid dog last night when a news about Sodom and his sons when the rumors came down, maybe their dead, maybe they're not positive that they were dead on Fox. MSNBC not quite so sure and see them was kind of like waiting in the checking it out. Not at Fox. Clear channel with these pro-war rallies from coast to coast to 1, 1200 radio stations I want more. By the way, want the FCC led by Colin Powell's son, chairman of the FCC, to let them have more stations. Newspapers, TV stations, so that all the news you get can be filtered through the propaganda machine and cheap channel and their right wing friends. That way the administration only has to deal with one company when they want to let you. That's right, if the news. That's absolutely correct when they want to pull the strings. Well, I got too. They well, they don't have to shift the news on Fox. Nobody got it. It's in the bag. Bad. 5605056 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. So anybody wants to give me a bunch of crap in a song in the answer. Well, you shouldn't be saying thank God somebody is. What the hell are you worried about fighting for if it's not for a freedom of speech? And freedom of choice? What that was all about? What kind of democracy is it that you want to export to all of these other schmothaid countries? What are you thinking about? Oh, an investment part of it is of course when we hear the Southern Baptists talking about older, they're rubbing their hands together getting rid of your overnight and Christianized those even bastards. Of course the only problem with that is they consider us to be the infidel. Say I hate to break the news to you or the infidel is not them. Their religions better than ours is. Oh, I thought she had to write well, whatever. See my religion A.A. better worse because I don't have any. I don't believe in fairy tales. I've met a few fairy's in my time, but I don't believe in fairy tales. So people let's say religious dynamics is the most of the most is on top of our pool and rightfully so. Because that's what you got in this country and in the Middle East including Israel. I know that not only am I going to alienate a lot of the pro-war they hocks out there, but also of course many of my Jewish friends out there all tend to our Jewish listeners. Because you just can't be Jewish unless you support Israel blindly and just goose step behind them and he'd lots of halava, which is bad for it by the way. Or maybe at least some pacitiki candy for Paisach. Huh? I know you don't know while you better get whether Paisach of what did you say was April 16? You only got eight days till Paisach baby and you don't want to pass over that. But what's going on over there with the aerial Sharon and his right wing lunatics and the illegal settlements? It's in the insidious madness. Madness all the way around. And here we keep subsidizing them to the tune of it was three billion. Now we just sneak him to the extra 10 billion in blackmail. I wouldn't give them a dime. I tell them until you get rid of those illegal settlements completely 100% and sit down your ass at a table and let's get this thing stopped. Now once in for all until you do that we're not giving the other penny we're going to cut your ass off. That's it. Make it an offer they can't refuse. And the same for that schmatha had error for it. I say give him a nice bath. Although he did get the journalist read there the ones from newsday he who interceded on their behalf. That's true. Showing that once and a well once every 100 years he's a nice guy. And I'm all the times up I guess. Yasser. You're my bath. Nice close shave. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. 25 pass new we got to Mad Dog from Augusta baby. It's Master's Golf. We're in no women allowed. Great. It's a boys club. Now what they can fart and burp. Right. So Mad Dog says. And well I guess Dykes don't fart and burp. We could we could play girls don't fart or just a little tiny bit of it. Just a little bit. And a hate from the mommy he's the purple layer we lower out on our first. And we can't forget why. After eating, ask a fix that can't pass. We can see the end. Oh, eating is. While we were driving it in my car. That wouldn't go at all those who were supposed to wait. That's the cheese. That's the cheese. Okay, that's the answer to our question again. 26 pass new in at 560 WQM on a wild Tuesday man. I just feel like I'm making a little come back here. A little personal come back if that ear I don't. What open up? Come like that eyes new thing. What the hell are you doing to me and the same thing all I got to say. If that. And then you say, here what open up? If you hear what grow back it would be in the high amount would be a miracle. But guess what not going to happen. Not going to happen. Not going to grow back by itself. All those stupid pills you take aren't going to make even a follicle grow back in a lot of my very dangerous too. Those dead rat cones those dead animals forget about that people laugh their ass off at you. Nobody wants to come with it 100 yards you when you look like that. Those holes in the head that has the blood dripping down your forehead like Mr. Ego forget about that crap. Everybody in their brother is pretending to be able to get you right new head of here. There's only one guy who can. Charles Alfieri for over 25 years. He's always kept up with latest technology going which is why everybody the millionaire is the slupper's in and between they all go to Charlie the smart folks. The natural hairline system is the absolute best because it looks for real like they hear as yours like it's going out of your scalp like it's real here and not a dead animal. For over 25 years Charlie's been doing it. You got to lose beside that big ugly shiny ball spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee. If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells Charlie give you full refund in the hair too. Be sure to mention the arages when you call him not to in a box off the regular price. So what's not to like? Call this number toll free 1 800 321 2413 and look better and younger then you thought you ever could again. Looks like the serious human being 1 800 releases give his time Brady. You know she's got a ball spot? Maybe I'd like to fill it in for him. 1 800 321 2413 or lug under their website at CharlesAlphieri.com teeth damn it I'd kick my own ass outside I think the reporters are in bed and for the news you get a TV. All the rise can track our ball gym as 5 a few years. They have that chance of through Lynch. That's war with a hobby page. I told you it'd be a session yesterday or with a happy thing. I heard the Ma Crusade will be installed after millions are killed with shocking all like something you saw in a pick called Bill. He sources far the play games war with a happy face or pretty shell up writing war with a happy face. Party parts fly in all over the day that's always a happy face. From 31 at 5 60 WQM his rich in bokeh says on his facts I know this is coming in late but I want to test my new facts machine well works right rich says get ready wolf wits and rummy been so successful in our racking be sure that Syrian North Korea are next wartime presidents are a shoe in November so why not just stay at war. Just read a good book push it war about the White House after 9 11 written by Bob Woodward who's got to be one of the worst speakers in history by the way. If chose definitely how definitively apart how far apart power in a war cabinet are including condolese uh I can't wait for the sequel bush in the Iraq war although I don't think they'll have woodward writers exposed too much thanks rich rich in bokeh get out of there too many old people up there rich including you know who. That's right including bokeh Brian who's probably neighbors with what is he live I wanted you have any idea what part of bokeh lives in cemetery village probably with a line green and checkered pants crowd no down 5 6 70 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T of rise of wireless line no women allowed by the way between one and three today we got any ball games today we got the oh yeah we got the marlins on that I've never read the whole schedule damn it Hank doing a show three to the 6 30 from the a heat the triple a arena the Mickeyerson near pink a pecania uh back door dealer arena 6 30 marlins on direct marlins and the mets seven o'clock is that here or is that in in the York tight that oh come on why did one kids that you like when they make this schedule and I don't want to see verses I want to see like at the mets at the marlins the marlins at the mets give us some input here dammit we got 17 middle level bureaucratic clowns running around here and we still can't get whatever the marlins in the mets any can't do the baseball game from g a would at the gambling stuff and join mark overnight who are really pissed off fired up about whatever you said before would you tell me he was far up pissed off about custella i mean my good friend Joe oh that he has the lasias producers in the oh he's got the lasias producers in the world of my nance in the phone haha who's that online 12 by the way QA in batline hey come on can't tell me how come this is near Ronny air norm tell me how my why is it near you more this is my attorney this is my agent I've told him three times this is me and he keeps repeating tell me you'll know yeah tell me something important okay but not to do absolutely not I wouldn't go next door to the Jamaican jerk restaurant with you how do you like that I'm deeply disappointed every talk host in america is syndicated look what you got me a pop-head janko look what I got so it's out of the question now absolutely positively the answer is no no at least you know I called an ass so the game is here though huh have a good time I'm gonna have a great day I'll take a beer okay maybe you can pitch a little but tonight okay from what I'm here and every unusual for you will be a change okay have a good time five six seven oh five six you that I mean does that it's fantastic I'm so glad that was on here it's Neil how many times did I tell him it's me you jackass what is wrong with you my whole life is in this man's hand so to speak and you wonder why I'm on an this is a bum fork station in my little horse ball town that's why assholes right new tell him all let him have it you silly old goat WQAM hello yes sir hi how are you okay I just want to give you my support I don't know what I do if you weren't on the radio me either because I'm you know broke first up you're the only broadcaster since I read on the web yet today about the rubber bullets you're the only broadcaster radio TV to do that new story yes I am well why would that be I just I really want to back you up I know I can't go on forever but I got a lot of points for you go ahead a simple definition of fascism is a constant state of war and xenophobia here foreigners in order to hold power I would like to give you a link instead of reading a big thing okay just a link forgive the wordiness WWW dot public eye one word EYE okay dot org got it bear with me forward flash eyes plural EYEF forward flash last one what flash WHAT F A F C okay dot H T M L um you're gonna close girls got it you're gonna put that on your website believe me it's a comprehensive definition of fascism it's gonna blow your mind how well it applies um also give you a little more material um on the Israeli thing and fascism I'm sorry about the fact that uh I wanted to believe the best that maybe you know we were doing this one mess to clean up but when I hear aerial sharon exhorting up to attack I ran every day like a little weevenly punk that's trying to get his well I know like a big boy punk not a weevenly little like like a little guy that's like the little guy going might that friend's gonna get to you right that's right and plus he's picking our pocket you know the tune of 10 bill or something a year right and every time I hear Israeli's going on about we made the desert bloom I wanted to myself well who couldn't with 10 billion dollars a year right and if you're so bad at why don't you do a Rudy did and hand the freaking check back there you go you know go on a girl here and every time I hear this I ran and Syria is next then I know you're on the right track I'm not gonna waver in my convictions this is a dangerous time okay you add in last point this stuff about you can attack the president Trent Lot said I can support the team without supporting the coach on the day that Clinton was in peach right while he was filing missiles at Osama bin Laden camp now was he waving his pompoms when he said that or not can you imagine the things that were said about Clinton that he murdered right that's right man as limbo was on every day slandering that we're in bill making a walk out of the wild story nobody said much about that they said they said the president right but now they're bad at us for behaving like them amen okay ever great day come down see the passport office okay you might mention my name's a rice master exactly I have a pretty good show here today if I say so myself and a few good calls we had a couple idiots but you know Brian sitting there and he's a shave real bad yeah now are you going to treasure island tomorrow no oh he won't go unless George goes well George kind of clears the way form clear the path he clears the brush so to speak so but we do have treasure islander mark night now be your boy Carlos is going to be there in the gill and who else maybe five four show up you think about it oh so just you and Miguel well that's good more and more to spread around for you guys I guess like I said more to spread around from a girl and you to watch I like what you're very good looking guy you have no taste though that's that's the problem you happen to be a very good looking guy what would they was that was that at birth well George started with the whole ugly thing because he's jealous you happen to be a very good well George is not he's not ugly he's just he is the definitive bland person I mean if you want to see he is a generic human being he's a good not bad he's just a guy you know I mean he is obviously a hard ass little spick but I'm just talking about in terms of his appearance just as generic as they come I mean if you're going to be you know at least different like me like bokeh Brian like you I mean like beiner boy you know we may be ugly as hell but at least we're different where you need as opposed to George who looks just like he's like tapioca putting yeah he's like vanilla ice cream bland tasteless I'm just telling you like it is I mean just because he's North Carolina vacation this week I mean I'd rip him an as if he was sitting right there and don't let me forget to do when he comes back or if I rip him a major major as just in general principle back to him that's especially anyways as for years of how scippy doing speaking to ask how's my friend skipy doing my old old you met from my blood pressure you know skipy you talk a good game but you're a loser baby you're a loser like our sales department specializes in except for Adam and Troy those are the two bipy those are the two winners there sales department the rest of them I wouldn't drop a load on any of you know oh god anyways speaking of old you men I've been talking about this great stuff for a long time now it works it's effective old you met soft-cells contain pharmaceutical rate olive oil the best you'll buy not just ordinary everyday olive oil but super concentrated loaded with all kinds of health benefits for you all you made in your post everyday can up-reduced the risk of heart disease in high cholesterol plus there are 14 different ole-med formulas to choose from now each one combining the best out of all you can find with vitamins, minerals, orables to support specific health needs from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system just choose the formulas that are right for you and now there are three new ole-med formulas one to help you sleep one to help you control your weight and co-q-tent which is damn important for your heart you'll find ole-med all over time more and more people are popping you hear the sounds there you go all over time because it's good for you pick some up today at public secrets while greens whole food markets navarro sidanos or order it online if you like ole-medamerica dot com for more information about their outstanding products is called toll free and ill explain you how this works call 1-866 ole-med that's one eight six six six six five three sixty six thirty three start pop at some ole-med in your push today I wanted it a curtain to get busy. All right. Other patients on a time that's because the oil fills our line. If humans have to die well, that's a pity. When monsters end walking tall, like John Wayne, with thick balls, with kill any one who does get in our way. Open the crap, who it is, from women down to little kids. We've got to pump that oil right away. Because what is your purpose? Our list is our love group. Laura's good for this. And global gossip to the forest with her face. Our conference in three. Laura's good for this. Even in a semBC. Put the camera over here. Look at the woman. Welcome. Here's some people. Glad to see us liberate our act. Only the skin must shoot. We don't want no bras in here. Messing with our he-man fun. Because I can't think of anything much more much more than golf. Oh my god. Is that a butch pursuit or what? Oh, to show you what a macho pursuit that is. I should tell that rumor plays a lot of go. Does that say it all? I think that tells you what you need to know. WQAM. New. Yes sir. Well, I have to say about the war. This thing. Tell me about the war sir. Well, this president. Let us not forget that this is the guy. This is the president to tell us that this is the guy that tried to kill my daddy. This war is very personal for this president. It was drawn up way before 911 ever happened. And to be honest with you, the greatest thing that ever happened to this president was when 911 happened. This country was in shambles. It's September to 10th. That's 2001. I just I I wheat for this country in the future. I I don't know what to think. Okay good luck to us man. It's all I can say. Hey, can you play that you haven't played the Joseph Gackie sound by? It was the best I've ever heard it was the oh my oh my. The Joseph Gackie sound by. You mean. Oh my. Oh my. That's the one. That in fact is very appropriate to that. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. See you. What was I just looking for out here? The Godfather clip where he says, what is that under? Or says you take this very personal. Now you don't look for it. Just tell me just articulate it. Just speak. Just speak. I already played it. I know it's got to be in there. It's GF dash taken. Oh, taking. Good. God. Like there it is right there. You're taking this very first. I love it. Say it again. You're taking this very first. Don't get so fast. Okay guys it's buying us business. You take this thing. Okay it the lakh. You look at it for a day. See you today. Okay. Okay it's on get looking. Oh my right. Good regards. Pastar. No what I do because you lay them in the back. Okay, you know that or it's not that bad. unbelievable. Next thing, let me see, you know, one of your signs is by the TV entry in broadcasting network. Great, excellent. I love it. It's like right next to me. Well, they knew you that the best news I've heard in a couponset, it's great. That'll show that Paul and Jan Croch has seen her, too. I passed it all the time. It's like Neil got it, and then you see TV in right over there. All right. Pretty funny. One more thing. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Guess who you know. Guess who I get. I'll give you a hint. Norma Kent. No, well, I've met him a few times. How would Mohour David? No, no, no. I'll give you a hint. Moses. And old friend of yours. Yeah. The guy can do remember the guy that first introduced you to Larry King. The guy who introduced me to Larry King? Yes. I thought it was Bill Carter and introduced me to Larry King. You don't sound like Bill Carter. No, no, no. Okay. Do you remember God name Larry Box? Yeah, I know Larry Box. You're a good close person or friend. I'll stay in hell away from him. Why? I don't know. Just joking. How's he doing? He's good. He's a good guy. He's a nice guy. He's a very highly of you. Well, he should. Yeah, he missed you. Tell him we'll go back and invite him in business again. I know he was telling me that. You guys used to be in the vitamin. It was a hoot. Yeah. That's pretty cool. He was a nice guy. He was a nice guy. He's a nice guy. He's a nice guy. He's a nice guy. I sure work. What are you doing, though? Hey, listen. Yeah. You think you can play? I'm a monkey. You're a monkey for me. I work on it. This is a monkey man. Okay. See ya. Ha ha ha ha. Ah. Yeah, Larry Box. He was always answered the phone. Box. He's got like a vocal box thing. He's got a, yeah. Like a raspy voice. No, he doesn't have a. And I know. Geez Carlos. God. Are you brutal man? I'm not a little bit of a book of rhyme. If you, oh, he wanted. Just a little taste. The old monkey. I was attacked by the folks he thought. The passion viewers. He went and made my friend. Who jobs? Oh, no. I don't feel safe in India. I thought the PM New York and driving. I got. Thank you, my friend. Woo. Ha ha ha ha. Thank you, my friend. I'm just, this is a plan. And I pull this off the fact machine. Are you playing? I'll take anymore calls. The monkey man is trying to get through. I've got some good stuff for you. He must have left that out. Ha ha ha ha. He must have cut short on time because he left out the good. And he's all right. Just calm down and quit muck it around so much, especially with Box. 1251 at 560 WQA. I'll tell you if your box mattress or whatever other kind of mattress you got. If it's worn out, when in doubt it's worn out. Get you a new one. Easy way. Call my good post personal piezons at Donald mattress or even going to supply me with a great new mattress and Toronto house at Go and A. Yes, what fat boy said. Remember when he came in here the other morning? Right after he said hi to a party. He said it'll be there soon. Call 1-800 mattress right now and you'll have a great night sleep guaranteed for months and years to come. When your old mattress is worn out, you're back. We'll tell you. Forget about it. Get rid of it. For a long time now every time my mattress is headed. I called him up and they give me the greatest deal going on the Sun. They'll do the same for you as far as delivery. As far as selection they carry on in the best mattresses and the world's singley service in King Cora and of course as far as price every day on beatable low prices. File mattress is right number one and customer satisfaction. They've got more repeat and referral customers than anybody cause they know how to treat you right. Once you buy a mattress this way right over the phone with one easy call, you'll never go back to run in or out over town paying for somebody's high rent again. And don't forget when you do buy your mattress and dollar mattress. They set up the brand new one and take away your crappy old soiled smelly nasty vetting for free. That's right. Dalama presents up the new and takes away the old vetting for free so make the call now and do your buy yourself and your back a big favor and share yourself a great night sleep for years to come. 1-800-M-A-T-T-R-E-S for Dalama. The easy to smart way to get you a great new bed. My life and low call. This is 4-2056. What a new way. Yeah. This is Joe Bow on the Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil Gaugh. He's got the man the pensive call. The whole name is Valerie going over here. For us literally winning over our head. It's night was out there there with that several inbound motors. Why does he leave me alone? Major fight for the city of Alcou. Go and be up over here. We'll be back around and outbound at Alcou. We'll be up over here. We'll be back around and outbound at Alcou. The open fire with everything they have. Automatically seen gun fire. Rocket for both grenades. No. In the time. No. Most of the fire came from these buildings on sign the road. The Americans answered what everything they had. Outgunning them. Leaving hundreds there. And that happened. And you're watching. The most televised conflict in history. But not about those dangerous missions requiring utter secrecy. The media tag ready to engage us. John Scholley from Mark 18 fire. It's getting ready. What's the trip? The show ain't profound. Inbound. And they're on top of the road. And that's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. The Middle Eastern World. We'll be exploded. To dominate people killed. With the gas that we sold him. First time a gresser nation. They only won that's going. Now more blood will be spilled. To get that oil flowing. Forget about Korea. The noots there coaxing at the right. We, his real name. But the world is not in the right way. But the world is not in the right way. And the world is not in the right way. The world is not in the right way. The world is not in the right way. The world is not in the right way. The world is not in the right way. He's really getting over it and over it to our head. That Iraq has so. And the things of past destruction. The Middle Eastern. The Middle East. 3,000 people killed. of you are now forgotten let's exploit him instead hey there's oil to be caught it going after sit down to flaked a dosama there's no longer mention of the name it lot is but no it's even turned all of the in-complaces believe in every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through me the amendipulation and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our heads and I ragged myself weapons of master's destruction yeah the loss of civil rights is done price that were paid we're all suspects now not see ash from his day and I have nothing to hide table partners all are say is I know idiot cattle don't have any reserve agent out of provoked battle ends world annihilation over she must fall and have a virgin himself with no objection at all till the prep known how the falls and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our parade waspend I ragged himself and the mass destruction all right only I rag have problems of mass destruction hey right why don't you watch your show unfive seguro toi yeah what's next dead babies