Have a good weekend everybody. Niel is coming on and they've got a new license plate now for them in Florida Niel got is the new the 80th selection plus a corruption case scandal breaking in the Florida government everybody's bus I don't know if you're part of those numbers partner. What's the story? I don't know any of you always have been explaining to me. I have no you have me and my buddy Niel or I mean my buddy Howard Oh Nice going partner. Yeah, we're the morning show. I'd reach over and just rip that weasel right off his head I'm I'm I throw caution in the wind with these people in their ratings. They are counting ahead and eight point six between the two of you at a four point three and men Which means two to our segments eight points. It's which means you had an eight and he had a point six Absolutely you got all that if I get an h here, the let me live in the back right next to you No thanks. By the way. It's rain in here. Hey. Good luck to you. It's raining. That's great. I hope you yeah I hope is about Jewish is Toronto. It is good things about our first flooding in just infrastructure damage the subway system So changing my toner baby. You might as well Hey, Jordan. Hey, let's see the screw up George. You're a great rating. Hold her empty. George George had a word toner empty. George. I great ratings Nice going George. Wait a god George. Have a nice weekend now. Say a YouTube fox I'm a little bit confused later and it was a pretty lame crossover, but I'm busy you're changing my toner because that's all that said was empty It's Friday you Don't use that kind of language around me Transming and gigantly on my GV Those queer eye for the street guys are more like five women You're better than throw out your clothes Wax your right round fucker hair from your nose They're good at their jobs, but to face it to think Because those queer eye for the street guys are more like five women to me I Can By the time that they leave you you're thinking their way It's no longer a bit spread. It's now a deal Then you find yourself shopping for fresh Oh It's raining here is Ronald man. It's raining is a little a little bit of a breeze not a big deal nothing's going on That's the one a front page of this morning's national post. I wish you could all see this is a beautiful thing We'll start a call it up to the microphone see it. Oh look at that It's said it's got like five pictures color pictures. It says we're here live waiting for the big storm here. She comes any minute now. Yep And it shows all these reporters out there getting blown away So CNN is crest fallen a storm pears out Ah, you don't have to be an airline experts know that flights are being disrupted by hurricane is about wolf blitzer was saying yesterday He then introduced an airline experts to tell us that flights were being disrupted by the hurricane flights are beginning to be disrupted by the hurricane the experts The hurricane had made landing in North Carolina wolf called the exes though allied soldiers had made landfall on the beaches of France He referred to CNN correspondence as being on the front lines After our offering a hysterical recap of the hurricanes progress thus far he somehow somehow some of the adjectives to go on Hurricane is about Mincing Washington enormous cancellation of flights the bull-maring effect enormous ripple effect enormous impact feeling the wrath Gracing for the effects hours later CNN's Tucker Carlson was on the streets of the capital bow-type picking out over as yellow slicker There's a light breeze and it's drizzling he reported During an interview with the hurricane expert wolf mass down safely referred to hurricane Andrew which was a category five Meaning it was especially severe with the highest possible sustained winds wolf then reminded viewers that Isabella's only a category two He sounded disappointed We'll continue to we have a wind speed indicator on the roof of our building here in Washington, DC It's just recorded a gust of 26 miles an hour and it's only gonna get worse It would have recorded a category three of only they placed a directly in front of wolf's mouth CNN cameras were trained on beaches and unrecreational vehicles these presumably being considered the safest bets for airborne visual drama We're not trained on beaches and RVs They were trained on the network's correspondence to were standing in the middle of the storm for no other reason to stand in the middle of the storm There's a certain excitement that goes along with these storms anchor miles a Brian said from CNN to Atlanta studio It doesn't mean we're hoping for extensive damage remaining Some correspondence held under railing some held on to lamp posts others pressed one pressed up against the large platter Others do leaning don'tlessly into the hurricane winds their rain gear flapping and trippedly Not a whole lot of damage here just a few shingles flying off roofs reporter said another remarked while there's a sign over there that's coming down They sounded disappointed Frequently we're showing images of the hurricane on something called 3D radar Which is just like regular radar, but the next would be Now 3D radar the rain was colorized yellow so you can see it the CNN meteorologist informed then back to the RV Still stubbornly resisting flight and the reporters are fearless correspondence holding on one anchor explained CNN brought in Bill Nye the science guy he explained why the roof skit ripped off houses in hurricanes I didn't take notes, but I'm pretty sure it has something to do with wind Then we'll start talking about fish and how they're shaped in what that shape means for how the fish move through the water Then miles of brand refition the tell a strator The new ended abruptly not long after that and the coverage continued the storm has remarkable resiliency Isabella shut down the federal government the fury of Mother Nature tremendous windfield no sign of letting up The storm surge had been predicted to reach seven feet the hyperbole surge had already surpassed it It's going to blow all night long your correspondent said and one sensitive would both along the coastline and another microphone That's the front page article a little sarcasm a oh And an actual post this morning crappy paper though So it's raining here. It's just raining you're running? No, I don't know is that raining like real real hard? Oh, they're like buildings coming down and signs and oh no They're like wild hurricane like wind yeah, now it's raining Anyway, here's the result of the pool from yesterday What's your who's your all-time favorite dead actor actresses? We continue with our series of dead people mobs of the more loves us. He's obsessed with it Can't believe that we get all these people listening when we're talking about dead people You'll be on the list soon, though, especially when I get can you imagine next month when we get the R by our rate? That's our biggest demo two by the way the dead people. He's still still walling right now But a month from yesterday. It'll be all over Mo all over but the shouting when we had the evidence right in my fat hand Oh, it's going to be a beautiful thing And we see it done probably about that point be up to a five share in morning in men Which means for well will have a nine mole will have a one? Who's your favorite all-time dead actor actress? I'm pleased with the way this came out John candy 19. That's hurt for the fat people John don't call me Murray and Wayne 84 Steve McQueen 68 Peter Sello 66 Jimmy Stewart 62 Humphrey Bogart 61 Bruce Lee 59 Carol or Connor 56 Jackie Gleason that he's is I like the way this turned up Don't you yeah, no arguments jack lemon 50 Walter Mathau 41 George C Scott 38 Jimmy Cagney 30 carry Grant 27 Alex Guinness 26 Maryland on road 26 she was the highest the female on there Not too many females at all on here's a matter of fact Arrow Flynn 22 Charles Bronson 20 Kate Hepburn 19. There's one she's almost the lady carry Grant 12 rod staggered 12 bed and a go see at 10 Very pleased to see Bella doing well Eddie help me But Richard Harris nine Anthony Quinn eight or some well's eight Grace Kelly had eight Rock Hudson seven Betty Davis seven leg a Cobb five Edward G Robinson five Peter Finch had only four he was second the last you know what I still don't care He's still my favorite right. I love Peter Finch His performance if he was never in any other movie beside network that performance alone Makes him my favorite I'll leave you don't seem too excited about My The drop and last John Cazell Frado had only two You ready for that one for each important movie he made one for rain just But was it dog day after dog day for noon And one for the godfather well, what do me? He was in godfather's one and two Hey, Fred, let me dry a picture of a fish You know what the hail Mary's didn't help Fred or any more than the prayers helped Pat Robertson Steered at the hurricane east of Bella away from Virginia Beach Virginia Then worked in it pat now you're losing your touch or maybe the Lord is busy listening other things 12 minutes past 10 at 5. 60 W Q a. I'm happy Friday 2. It's raining pretty hard here It's all I can tell you it's right the show from the middle of what's left of hurricane east of Bella and then exciting All excited on location as Neil gets blown right on the air You know what's that time of the year again when the mattress showrooms and furniture stores run their phony crappy ad sales Donald Macros has a question for you if you double the price then offer half off is that really a deal? No, of course not the fact is these stores have to run some special sale to drop their prices nearly as low Adelomacrisis every day prices 365 days a year So for this count prices on dozens of models the top names silly Sure, to temper pedic Simmons King coller turns and force the you need to call 1 800 mattress No nonsense no baton switch no house brands no false promises and best of all you don't have to pay no premium for the best service Going anywhere you get service like a dream about from the delivery team right number one when you call down a mattress at 1 800 Mechis you still get to pick the day and time for your delivery you pick the two hour window like noon to two one to three Etc any day seven days a week when you're gonna be there from 8 a.m. 12 p.m. and you'll be sleeping like a baby the first night I've been sleeping on a mattress and biometrist for a cool and zage You ought to be doing it for yourself and your back and your partner as well with low prices same day delivery Free setup and removal it's easy to see why dialometrist is right number one in customer satisfaction So it'll be full. Don't get condoned by those mattress shrooms or phony furniture store ads They can't match anywhere near what you get every day from dialometres call them right now They'll be there in no time at all knocking on you do call 1 800 mattress 1 800 ma ttr ES or check them out online at macris.com Bobby over the door Who was his buddy in I didn't know that I would've taken away all this time. But in 2020, my god, my biggest parents pay. Just coming out of your allowance, son. Because it's lovely, go to take music without paying on me another man. Everybody does it. Now live, don't buy these face and charges, and he's not out of a bit brave yet. I suppose if Billy jumped off the Brooklyn Fringey, he would jump out of a tiny, tops in trouble, and he's got no idea what he's done. He was using a tiny body. They treated him like he was a kite, oh, kids, who's thirsty. And he's still stealing Bobby's wrong. And the lesson to be learned is when you should know from the day you're born. I'm not reading a cellulose and a me don't get caught down Lord. Music, save your distress, and a report, born. There you go. There's a best advice you ever had, Bobby. 1018 at 5.60 WDQM happy Friday 2. So it's raining here that I mentioned that. Yeah, I mentioned that. It's raining. I love this little thing you passed along. I'm here for one of our astute listeners. It says an elementary teacher starts a new job at a school in Tallahassee. And trying to make a bit impression on her first day explains to her class that she's an FSU fan. She asked the class to raise their hands if they too are FSU fans. Everyone in the class raises their hands and said one little girl. The teacher looks a little surprised and says, Mary, why didn't you raise your hand? Because I'm not a seminal's fan. She said, the teacher asked, well, if you're not a seminal's fan, then who do you support? I'm a gator fan in proud of it. Mary replied, my teacher now became interested in the loan to center ask, Mary, why are you a gator fan? Because my mom and dad went to UF and my mom is a gator fan and my dad is a gator fan, so I'm a gator fan too. Well said, the teacher and I, and obviously an oil tone, that's not necessarily a reason for you to be a gator fan. You don't have to be just like your parents all the time. What if your mom was a prostitute and your dad was a drug addict and a curthy? What would you be then? Mary said, I'm your hurricane's fan. Hi, guys. I'm fucking blow. Yeah. Nice going, Mary. I was so much bill. That's billin' for a lovelier. I'll not to want to hate George or boy in another bill. Thanks, girl. I just want to jump. I know for good. Hi, guys. I'm fucking blow. Make no mistake about that. Whether the name is a bell or any other. Whatever the name. Vinny. Geno. Remember Geno, Toretta? Sure. Yeah. That's you, dude. He's the only 85-year-old quarterback that I were played in an American University. Here's a, your friend PR Ralph says, we're the Puerto weekend people support Jorge, a job well done. Now you have money to pay the weed debt or else take our Thomas Los Oamos and congratulations. It's his PR Ralph. You're close, personal, me go to it. I think everybody in the audience ought to be calling in all you skeptics out there. All you people let bust little George's balls all the time. I mean, okay. So he didn't do like spectacitary did very, very well. He did great. Not, you know, a super sensation like double digits, like Neil. Like Neil sometimes does. But nevertheless, see, here's what a lot of these assholes don't understand. First of all, the best of Neil tapes suck. They're done. You will not hear those no more. Maybe I'm like some holiday when we have like Christmas day. We got nothing else to put on. No, you okay right now? On this day, shit. He sucked. They're outdated. They're put together very slack. I said, or I'll be before we get back to that. Do we have an up there? Hey, Tascos. I know the answer is going to be from yesterday. No. I mean, I'm not yesterday and not a new one today. No. How about your pardon? You talk about money, right? Right. No, not a new one. Because I want to see us get to 25 grand by the end of the day. Today, I'm going to be really porked off and a really sour mood to rest of the weekend. We're going to be a little bit of that until after that appearance. After what appearance? The one that's afternoon. Why don't have nothing on that either? That's on your fact, pushing. That's why on the fact machine. You mean now? Right now, if you reach over there, it is. I've just reached over at some of our fast machine. Best in the old stuff this afternoon. I don't know how Joe and Mark did that yesterday, but they usually do just a few bucks. I have a limit. How much? I don't know. I was yelling at my gal to come back in here. Yeah, come on, Miguel. Get with it. You're doing such a horseball job this year. I know do we need to get service to least once an hour, but we're going to put that thing away from it. Let's find out what's going on here. This is really sloppy. How much? 40. I must have heard wrong. He just shouted it out over the inner con. They raised $40. Are you serious? I'm sure I heard wrong. Are you sure? $40. 40 and he just got cut off. How much? I don't know. Pretty sure he said 40. You know, something serious. They have joined Mark raised only $40 for the abandoned pet rescue. Would have all of our good merchandise yesterday. Would have seen ease and more hard day than absolute change. I'm going to be so pissed at them and I know what they got. Well, I have nobody listening. But nobody shows up unless you're on the air promoting it at the time. You see. That's who. Well, so what's going to happen tomorrow between three and five today. To sack to know, George will be at Fort Lauderdale Harley on federal highway just south of Oakland Park Boulevard with prizes. Oh, yeah, those really heavy duty QA and prizes. Sure. Atlantic City subs from our good friends at Atlantic City subs. Dickens, cider energy, drinks and whatever else so we can give away. Plus our best in the emerge and I should be there three different. Five this afternoon, George had Fort Lauderdale Harley and we we better get with it. Right. It's a good place to go the Fort Lauderdale Harley shop nice close and there's always lots of brawls, babes running around the store. All right. Really, really. I'll be down. I shot you not. I guess I've had a turn on a playboy channel momentarily just to get everybody to read the previous. Come see the Harley toys and ask them to see their two packed tattoos. Look at that. One of the bees who's playing a band join a background while she was trying to finger out what life is all about. It was. I think there was a Bruce Beesley here. So anyway, go see George this afternoon and help us out because Joe and Mark just stumped the join. I had you have any idea how mortifying that is to raise for it and I was joking when I said, I was pretty much had my thumb on it. It's like one CD and one key chain or two CDs or whatever it had held a pedal to yesterday. That's lame, Joe. God, all mighted it. I just walk away if I were them. I just walk away. So we'll give it a good shot. Give it a lame shot and we just nobody likes us. John, no one in three. Yeah, that's a good idea. Because if I were them after seeing that last book, it would be a friend. Be very afraid. That wouldn't be, you know, spend it my next paycheck nowhere, no more. Anyway, so that's to the O'Gocie Georgia Saptenone. Give us some money. But I started to say I think everybody naughty and so is you in apology. The ones at least the ones who are the naissers, we're always ripping you and ask about your ads. Especially that bill and for Lauderdale, not the one who facts us that cute thing moments ago. Maybe here's somebody the first call of the day is somebody's going to kiss your ass. Here's Miami, hello. Why are you so much a person? Yeah, we're going to kiss your ass and get it right on it on all fours. Boring, boring, soft or at least we got the hurricane here. The remnants of what we got a little Isabel. We got you got Selya Cruz, we got Isabel. See? And she's got better an anters on her head. Just rain in a little bit of wind nothing. Absolutely nothing here. Okay, here's our poll question today. Who's your all-time favorite dead musician as we consider compiling a guy continue compiling these polls of dead people just to piss off. Absolutely. Who's your favorite all-time dead musician? I could have filled out a whole bunch more on here, but then that would take away the opportunity for you to have some fun with it. Or not. John Lennon, Jim Morrison, Elvis Presley or Kurt Cobain as you really for names I put on there yet. So you have a chance to add to it. Then Monday, I don't know how we're going to word that one on Monday, you know? Which, the one the other. I put for people like, famous others. I like that. Not politicians, not musicians and not actors or actresses. I don't know how we're going to word that. Carefully. Well, we'll have to finger that on Monday. We'll give it. But we're talking about people like, you know, historical figures and vendors like Thomas Edison and here we are forward and Benjamin Franklin, Albert Einstein, Alfred E. Newman, people like that. In fact, we might actually put Alfred E. Newman on there now that you've come right down to it. Well, the Narlie guy from Mad Magazine was his name Ed Gaines or something like that. You know, Ed Gaines was the publisher. Yeah, that's what that's what I mean. He's that. Yeah, he's done. Love Mad Magazine. That's why we got Alfred E. Newman is president now. It's how popular that thing was. 26 past 10 at 5, 60 WDQM. If you're looking for a really great new place to eat breakfast lunch or dinner. How about thickeners from Rochester, New York, Wight and South Florida, and on for Loderdale? Ficcerners has been around since 1934 as a small child about 100 years ago. I loved it. And still do. Ficcerners is located on federal highway just south of Brad Bovard on the tunnel on the east sign. Ficcerners is a flashback in town, though it restaurants used to be before fast food. If you love those rutschers, they're white hots even if you never had to be for a guarantee. You love putting one of those in your posts. Go in and enjoy a burger hot dog served hot fresh and fast. Ficcerners is brought to for Loderdale by the same guys feeding a cheaper grachie burger. Ficcerners uses the same fresh 100% ground shock meat as cheaper grachie burger. And offers an incredible big juicy quarter pound hot dog. What makes Ficcerners different from anybody else in town? Cause their burgers and dogs are served with thick signature meat sauce. Port on top giving you a combination of flavors available no place else in the universe. If you're looking for something else to drive, Ficcerners has got all kinds of great dishes like a great breakfast menu. I'm let's cook the order French toast pancakes of your favorite side dishes too. Go buy a viccerners and see what all the talk is about why they were so popular in Rochester just like they are already in Fort Loderdale. Ficcerners on federal highway just south of Brad Bovard Bovard on the tunnel on the east side. Tell them that old ruckus theory in the aradios since your boss. I'm a man who is a sports winner of Ficcerners. You weigh him. Come on, come on, come on, come on, now tax me babe. Uncle San Pedro, I'm all in that I'm in. And while you're at it all the day, you're in so true in theory. Just take my personal baby. Now I'm taking the Dutch ice out of the old game. I'm gonna find some taxables just to make those wheels all spin. The irresist. Come on, come on, come on, now tax me babe. Tax my dog, tax my freaking to pay. Okay. Tax my patience, tax my sanity. And I'm gonna lose it anyway. I voted for Jim Morrison. You should win this full hands down your pants. No contest. All right, we have a facts from Anna and Fort Lauderele. Anna says I vote for Kurt Cobain. Will you have a lot of nerve, Anna? 1032 at 560W to QA and 56070560 pound 560. I probably shouldn't have done that, shouldn't. I couldn't resist. I just gonna help myself. I go ahead. Count five 60 on the AT&T. By the way, General Wesley Clark was at the Delhi day yesterday. Picking out. Are you jump bandwagon? You're pretty much still for Howard Dean. I realized that that makes me an old funny, dirty. And that I'm just not, you know, just not hip and whatever I'm supposed to be. I like Howard Dean a lot. Because he's got balls. Because he doesn't change, you know, for one minute to the next. He doesn't say one thing one day. And then when things go turn out to well, it says, you know, we're just not managing this thing all I want. Because Wesley Clark said that he probably would have voted for the congressional resolution, like, if all, authorizing the war. During his appearance at the highly touted Delhi, then, which used to be great in Hollywood, and is now pretty marginal. At best. Everyone in the Delhi, then used to be really great. Didn't one of the owners come into a side? There was something. So where is that? Yeah, I'm puzzled by the way, William Gaines. William Gaines was the publisher of Mad Magazine. But genius. How about Tom Martin? How about him? How about cheese, Dad? Why, why would you say that? You think Tom Martin's still alive? I do. How do you know that? We would have heard about that. I think we did. But at any rate, say you can't learn from all. There's so many. The reason I enjoyed doing these dead pull, well, I don't want to say enjoys not to write term, but the reason it's timely. Maybe it's just me, but it seems like they're dropping like flies like those. It's, uh, it's going on. Famous people, well-known people, whether it's the local scene like our friend, Don Cox, Passing Away a few days ago, or like, uh, nationally. First we had Gregory Peck and Kate Hippern, and then we had Johnny Cash and John Ritter, and their dropper like flies did. Dino behavior, man. So I think it's appropriate that we start honoring the dead people. Because, you know, after a few months, few years, it's like, uh, yesterday's mashed potatoes. You know, nobody wants to eat it. Bon Scott, AC DC singers, a great choice for your pull. Bon Scott, I know Bon Jovi. Yeah. I know Scott Beo. I don't know. Bon Scott. It says his voice was on kilotunes like Highway to Hell, dirty deeds, TNT, whole lot of rosy at all. Thank you so much. Thank you for whoever told it. I thought Bon Scott was in the acacia with the stones. I had his body on stick. He could be up there with the stones, most of them are dead, nobody told them or dead, nobody told them. Don't forget Frank. So not sure. Oh, Frankie Panky, that opens up a lot of bits I can play. The reason I just played that task, me, it's kind of a weak bit, but it's only doors when I think that we got in isn't it? Nothing. We have a people or strange ones somewhere here. We do? I, I, I don't know what you call people. Oh, we got peppy fields. She's dead. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. I just hooked on to peepee. Wow. I don't know what to call me. Anyway, so what's his name? Was there Wesley Clark? He was in Hollywood at Kickoff, his official campaign. And we got a lot of, you know, bad wagon jumpers already and Florida and around the rest of the country to see it's not just the Democrats, but anybody who realizes that Bush is a mitigated liar and is surrounded by a bunch of real evil doers and ought to be impeached already. I mean, yeah, it comes to has a host, but there you look on our website today. You'll find some really interesting articles there, but what the, in fact, one of them uses the effort a few times. Guys, so pissed off. How can this man not be being impeached right now? Oh, well, no, we never said, saw them had nothing to do with 9-11. And then, well, no, he really had nothing to do with Al Qaeda. And, oh, there aren't a weapon to match destruction. This morning, they were announcing to us recklessly that they discovered that they had no small pucks, uh, get all right. So every every couple of days will, well, they didn't have any of this. They didn't have any of that. They didn't have any serengetes. They didn't have any serendipity and yati idea. And yeah. So what tells us all about? Shut up. Yeah, that's exactly. So anyway, we're getting a lot of band-barking jumpers. And what really disturb me and his article in the Washington Post that says, General Clark said his views on the war resemble those of democratic senators. Jewelie Bremen of Connecticut. And John the scary carry of both of whom voted for the war. But now question, President pushes stewardship of the Iraqi occupation. That having been said, I was against the wars that emerged because there was no reason to start it when we did. We could have waited. He said during a 75 minute session with former supporters while he was eating kishki. And probably lots of moths of bri. Now you don't need that this time of year. Like, or have moths of bri? Yes, I have. Oh, Clark. Now here's what I did. He sounded a little like Arnold to me. Clark said he has few specific policy ideas to offer voters right now. And offered a few thoughts that might surprise Democrats blocking his campaign. As recently as Sunday night, he was unsure if he should run for president. So Clark said voters need to give him time to think things through. See, if it's me. I got him and call me crazy. You're crazy. I know. But if it's me, I start thinking things through ahead of time and say, Hey, maybe I got some answers for things that will work like the economy and like this mess we got in Iraq and like the war on real terrorism and all of these things. As opposed to saying, hey, guess what I'm running. Now let me figure out what I want to do. Well, that's the way it works now. Here's a lady in Atlanta. Hello. Hey. How are you doing? Hey, Neil. This is Diane. Hi, Diane. I used to live down there in homestead through Hurricane Andrews. Wow. So then you got out. Yeah. Me too. All that. I'll catch you on the internet here at work. Excellent. And I just really, I've missed the end down there. Listen to you all the time. But I do get to here at work. Good. Have to about that. Excellent. My favorite musician. The dead is Elvis. Elvis. He's got you think he's been a win? Yeah. I don't know. But we got four names on there right now. And he's in last place. So he needs your help. Oh, okay. Well, I guess he does. The King needs your assistance, Diane. Absolutely. Absolutely. Can I say, hey, my brother. Sure, can. You're down there in plantation. You bet. All right. Hey, Robert. Have a great day. Diane. Nice hearing from you. Okay. You too. Goodbye. There's Diane. She's in Atlanta. Now she's starting to speak with him. Folks in Atlanta pretty soon. She'd be one of them. I hope not. And five, six, seven, oh, five, 60. Who is your favorite all-time dead musician? Now the early we put just the four names on there. We got look how many votes we got. God, third man. John, 11 and 14. Jim Morrison, nine. Kurt Cobain, four Elvis is only got three. So Diane, he needs your help. The King needs a, uh, happened hand. Or maybe another helping. Uh, and you said that, uh, John, I know, would run away with it. Yes, I did. He's not exactly running away with it. He's in the lead. But Jim Morrison's right on his Lily White ass. Here's a call from Weston. Hello. How are you doing, Neil? Pretty good. How are you doing? Well, this kind of just every day I sit in there. It's a here three more serves from Guy, K. I just said yesterday. Yes, they did. That's right. Is there a website that tells you exactly how many, you know, what's the, what's the death counter or, or whatever, you know, how much is, you know, how many people how many, everything that died since, uh, this whole Fiat's go? Uh, I don't really know if there is one. I just don't know what to do. Yeah, they try to find one, but I couldn't. They're going to say something about those sites that we have linked to have something on the website. The main thing is, you know, just, uh, which we're at about this, I think I can't see how, you know, because I can out, you know, that they say, you know, like when they're, when they're in the original, and they had like the demographic of who, which, which people voted for, which president, you know, but I guess by the way, they think that I can't leave, leave, we have this many people that are blinded by the right, you know, that is, they just voted for, this, and we try to see them on the TV, I'd make sure they make me, you know, it's kind of a shame to be American sometimes. Amen. All right, well, again, just up for the best. I'll be going to get our guys back over here, you know, soon. Yeah, and then we didn't coach the president trying to ask for help for, first of all, he didn't want the help of the, you know, for the United Nations. Yeah, we're like this. Now he's got his, uh, hand up his ass. He's running there and he's making all kinds of overtures. Please help us, uh, cause we're drowning in a sea of red ink and red blood. Yeah, and this, it just, it's really, it's really, it's really, it's just amazing how we can, you know, how, you know, I'm a, I guess that, you know, this, you know, that's your approval rating so high. You know, all the, all the, all the, all the, well, you know, when you consider that 70% of the people still think that saw them at some of the 9, 11, either, or everybody came out except for Cheney and told us that he didn't what is that to me. Man, it's a, man, it kind of makes you wonder how, how smart the, uh, the American, you know, public is, it's in my, they're a bunch of, you know, I guess maybe the beginning. I think the word moron is what you're looking at. Yeah, I'm in our pal, have a great day. Are you, buddy, my, my, my, see you. That's America's middle name. Yeah. Any cockman somebody says a guy that made such great music in a very few years, Eddie Cockran, get him on there right away. Okay. How about Wayne Cockran? Now he's still alive. And he didn't really make well. He's want to ask the buddies Wayne Cockran, you know that? No, I didn't. The Reverend Wayne Cockran. You can't make it be in a musician. Be a preacher. That's what little Richard done. That's what she done. 10, 41, 19, 11 and fine, 60 WQM, I'll tell you what's, uh, really going big and soft, formula that's brand issues. They've been over there for over 25 years. And they just keep getting more and more popular. Bigger by the minute, fact they've got 40,000 plus pair of shoes and stock in their human is 8,000 square foot megastore and that's just a little mom and pop shoes to any mole. But thanks to their popularity, they're going to be human. They've got everything you're looking for all the top names. They've got rock ports, echo is Mufisto, Timberland Clarks, SAS floor shime, you name it. They got it. And no matter how big or petite your feet may be, they got, remember that song, week petite by Jackie Wilson? No. Really? Anyway, men's 6 to 15, they got women's 5 to 12 and what's from the very narrow to the very wide. I bet your book abrined as because she's no far like me, with a really great memory for meaningless stuff. Brandy's a great place to take your feet for a perfect fit every time because you get personal service from people who know your feet inside and not think you can even identify and probably by the smell. Brandy's shoe is the retomb 90 in referable Hawi and pop at a beach open daily and on the lines on this 10 to 5 and it's a great time to shop brandy's this way because all men's and women's famous brands around sale. Take 20% off brands like rock ports, naturalize your SAS, timbulin and lots more. Stop and visit at Brandy's shoes or check them out on the web at Brandy's shoes.com. My life and local, we're sports radio 560s you a UAM. I know you must feel the same way after all these years been in what I've done. Sometimes, when you have a problem, it helps to talk with others who have the same problem. You've got some to share with a group now. You've got some to do with Elvis who will be playing a very much sort of show. Hold on, Elvis. You've got a lot to do with him. You've got some pictures for him. I've got some painted butter nanosams to show. Thank you, Elvis. You're listening to an encounter session at your local L.A.N.S. L.A.N.S. where chronic Elvis impersonators go for L.A.N.S. Now once again, what was that you say in L.A.? Well sir, I think it's time the people snap the skirmannaker against us. We mail and personally it doesn't be Elvis. You know I got so burned too. Learn to recognize the early warning sign. Switching lists. I can't control my flames. Swing in here. I'm all shook up. Incredible weight gain. More Twape is close. At Elvis anonymous, we understand that impersonating Elvis is not a career. It's a disease. Oh, me tender. Love is we give us some degree. So please, so much you can to L.A.N.S.N.S. Members to the sea. I'm thank you. Thank you sir. I feel like you're very much. I can't stop on the... I'll hold you up or I'll yell. 1047. It can't stop. Just like Moe, it can't happen itself. So the deal on Wesley Clark is some of us are going to be jumping on the bad wagon. All that fast. We're going to take a wait and see attitude. I'm just going to elbow. We're just going to kind of elbow four shuffle. Now the thing is speaking to emblem forward on our pull because we don't want to like overwhelm a Rick with these daily... I don't know. How do I say it delicately? We don't want to like get him all bent out of shape. So at the end of each hour we're like add on like a bunch more that we that you called in. That you suggested. Right? All right. And then go away to do it. Sure. So in other words, you might not want to hop on there and vote right away to see the name of the whoever it is that you like that you want to vote for. Whatever. Now what is this? The case of the way we're passed through with an eye patch became so bizarre before and Thursday that due spectators even extra security. Marty Tinglehaff, a war in eye patch, did a recent scuffle with police suit the church he once passed through in Gwynette. This must be in Georgia, huh? Okay. In that? I don't know. For more than 166 grand he was asked to resign after allegations he was drinking gambling and possibly addicted to sex court documents show. Tinglehaff agreed to leave the 300 member river of life church in December of 2001 after a decade there. He wanted to have these severage package, but the church stopped payments and prompting a civil lawsuit. Well it goes on. Great. On you also, are you just packed me the pull? Oh. Within the church has this habit, which I try not to mention on the air because it's pretty embarrassing. That here, I have facts him stuff and then he faches it's supposed to faches it to air up in Orlando to put on our website. But he just has this habit of fact seeing it back to me. I guess just to make sure I didn't forget about it. Right. Because I'm getting old and kind of feeble money. I don't have the one and I'm getting old and feeble too obviously. Very obviously. Here's a call from Oakland Park. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Quick impression of George. It's right in Jones. It's right in Jones. It's right in Jones. It's right in Jones. Yeah. Yeah. Guess who that is. It's right in Jones. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. Here's Miramar. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. I have some for your poll. Barley. Bob Marley. How could we leave the rostom man out? All right, Bob. Okay. Thanks, fun. Light up a big one. Bob Marley. For all you a drug use out there. Can't handle that rostah here. I'm awfully sorry. Does that make me a bigot? Yeah. Okay. I just can't look at it. What a Tom Welling had some rostah here. No. I couldn't stand it. You would dread it. Just like that. I would definitely dread. I would probably even doubt it. Can't stand fish. No. Oh, who is that soccer player that we hit on the other day and I won. I don't know. Back up. David Beckham. Very good. Oh, you know, he's getting on a payroll. Maybe one of these days. Soon Scott started like, actually we spawn once in a while. Oh, very good. Don't overdo it though. But David Beckham is good. He's got he first he had like the real short almost skin head here. And he's got the other stream because he's making all this money. If he can do whatever it only wants. Plus he's like a big idol over there. I have no idea why. Because he's like a margin looking guy. He's okay. You know, he's probably knows a bridge. How big are you? He's married to one of the spice girls. That is correct. How come you're so like David Beckham intensive? You got like a blow up dollar home or something. The sports guy. Yeah, you told us you weren't one of those sports nerds now. Sports. You said all you like his hockey and you only told me that just to suck up to me. By the way, leave speed this week. His national team nine to two last night. What are those meaningless exhibitions games? I just mentioned that in passing. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T. How much is a lot of seven about the Panthers done in the nose? No. Everybody's whipped up into a frenzy. Marlins are half game ahead. Boy, tonight they got the braves in Atlanta. Better look at that schedule right away. Mad dog 2 to 4 Henry Bullberg for the 7 3 tough hours. I'll help my wife. Nice to go to the Mad dog and Hank on a trend to excellent job. Dave wants that to 5 to 6 to like I said 2 hours for the home. But that's more like it. Marlins on deck at 7. Marlins at the brave 7 35. He can't get a baseball game. ESPN radio overnight because Joe and Mark aren't doing it. They're not cutting and man. They're not doing it. They raised 40 bucks for a men in per rescue yesterday. I'd be embarrassed. Wouldn't you if you go to the afternoon to where to head your going. Where is it? Poor water. They'll hardly Davidson. It's rapid Jones. But if you go out there raised only 40 bucks, you probably wouldn't come back on Monday. Would you? Yeah, come back anyway. I have no better than factor obviously. If you only raise 40 bucks don't come back. I'll put more in. Here's Boeton V. Hello. Yes sir. No I don't. Great. I got a couple for your pull there. One. One Jimmy Hendrix. Jimmy Hendrix is exactly right under Bob Marley. I see a good fit. Great. Okay, mine watch out for the purple haze. Jimmy Hendrix. The greatest good tourist in the history of mankind next to Andres Segavia and Ere Clapton and Jose Feliciano. I think he's still blind. Is he still blind? I'll be. Damn. Is he still thinking the Straspagl banner? Is that what he's thinking? They actually made a record out of that. Do you remember that? No. I remember a flees and I have your dad. Flees on your dad. But no, sir. They made a single a 45 out of Jose Feliciano to Straspagl banner. He'd done a great job on that. I don't think a lot of these artists who just butcher and butcher and butcher him would He's already a torturously bad song to begin with. He covered light my fire too. With a blanket. Well, he didn't really mean it, but even see where he was putting it. He covered light my fire. Oh, this got man. What the hell got into him? He must have got like a free meal. I was doing this today. Okay. Let's go. No one reason to pay roll. Now we understand it. Wow, no, no, get sore about it. So the word is that early this afternoon is where we're going to get the heaviest. Not a big deal here in Ontario, but I mean the heaviest rain and like a little something. So that it wasn't all for nothing. And they showed there was like a tree down somewhere in the city. So what we do, you know? I love that front page of the National Post. That's really a crappy paper, but that was so beautiful. And they got pictures of all of these correspondence with their, with their poncho's on and a whole thing getting blown away almost. Okay, let's see. Now, how come we have additional names on here? I thought he was only going to do it the end of the hour. I think he'd listen. Oh, well, he'd listen. As you can, Eric, we don't want to overwhelm you or burden you because the last thing we've month is to like, sour what has become a decent relationship. You're doing a great job with our bedtime stories as I am, by the way. And George's the last thing he needs is to screw the circle and sour on him again and getting psychotic and the last thing I need is for you to start calling me up here again. Because believe you me, 87 votes. You're all time favorite dead musician. Note this is a pool in progress if you don't see, look at this. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, I said did this, he responds like a train puppy, you know what? Note this is a pool in progress if you don't see your favorite on here, call it in. And then you can go through it later. So now he's going the other extreme. I thought I think before you get the second name out of your mouth, he'll have it on there. Already I love Eric. He, he's doing a fine job. I mean, he used to be a real asshole, but then something happened. He got religion. 92 votes John 1137. I told he's went in a way with it. Elvis Presley 21, Jim Morrison 20, Kurt Cobain 12, Frank Sinatra 2 and nobody else has any votes. Oh, my God. Nobody else has any votes. Here's the fact this is dear God. Why is Frank Zappa not on that list? Well, because we haven't gotten there yet. We have suggested it till now. He is now. You know, probably the one bit, Bob won't see more than any of them. But one of the ones that I enjoy playing almost more than anything else. Bobby Brown is Bobby Brown. We also got Bobby Bar. Hey there. People on Bob. So we'll get to that. So Frank Zappa's on list is I won't vote until he's there. What you can vote momentarily because I guarantee you, from a dedicated list, they're recently moved to Memphis. Well, good luck in Memphis. You'll need it. Yeah, that's the way to communicate his ass by the end of the day. Freddie Mercury, Georgia, and I were talking about that before, to show we could have put him on there already, but we figured, we'll give you something to do. If we put him all on there, then we'll tell you people going to do. We'll be sad to sit there and do it. Freddie Mercury. Get him on there. A real queen. Anybody can be like a maple leaf queen, but Freddie was a real. He was like maybe the definitive queen. Maple leaf queen. He was a maple leaf queen. Carl O'Facts is here and says I would have to say my favorite dead musician would be, who drummer Keith Moon? That was my vote. Was it? Yes it was. Speaking of Moon, it just dawned on me. We had that drop in that goes, Get the Hoover out the Moon, mine. Maybe that's why he died. Maybe they stuck the Hoover up his, uh, Beckham shoot. The greatest drummer in history, his manic playing, was the inspiration for animal of the, uh, muppets. Most roach star be, uh, behavior and cliches were drawn from his life. How do you like that? And he died as well. George, whatever that means. Nice one, George. He says you got a nice one. Oh, he's seen it then. Keith's moon. Get him on your right away from the room. He's still dead by the way. Are you sure his, I was, I was, he's still his blind. Mine, mine, and local. This is 40560. 208. Number one, Dammit. Hey there, people on Bobby Brown. To see how the cute is boy and sound. My car is fast. My teeth are shining. Until all the girls they can kiss my honey. Here I am at a famous school. I'm dressing sharp and I'm acting cool. I got a cheerleader here once they help with my face. Well, they're doing all the work. And maybe they're leaving on me. And they got a high end. They're American friends. I can't think I'm too extreme. But I had some flung of a bitch. I'm gonna get like the job that we risk. Get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good. Women's with a ratio. The game creepin' all the cross and they're young. I tell you people I was not ready. I'm like this day by the name of pleasure. She made a little speech then. All she tried to make is say, when she had the ball in her eyes. But she left her bitch back in the silver ball. But now I choose to play. Oh God, I am the American ring. But now I smell like mad at the lead. And I'm a miserable son of a bitch. And I am more or less a little bit. I want the one, the one, the one. So what went out and bought me a leisure suit? I'd single my chains, but I'm still kind of cute. I'd just out through a radio call home. And none of the jobs can even tell I'm a whole lot. It's been me and a friend. So I'd have drifted along as it has now. I can think about an hour on the tower of power. A long as I guess so, it'll go to the tower of power. And the American ring, where the spin you left my butt till it makes me scream. And I'll do anything again again. I'll lay away nights and thank your friend. Oh God, I'm so fantastic. Thanks to Freddy, I'm a sexual stastock. Everybody is far behind. Watch me now. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Watch me now. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Everybody is far behind. 11 or 35, 60, WQM, happy Friday. It's raining cats and dogs here in Toronto. But you know something? No big deal. A little bit of wind, a little bit of breeze. They can nest degrees. Here's a fact. Two votes by the way for a current for a French app already. That gets some votes. And rightfully so, I love French app. This guy says, this is from Jean. So I guess he likes anybody named Jean. Jean Kroupe. Was a much better drummer than you have. I'm a drummer in the club. I'm a drummer in the club. I'm a drummer in the club. I'm a drummer in the club. I'm a drummer in the club. What does that mean? Do you have any idea what you mean? Jean Kroupe. Do we really want to put on Jean Kroupe? Why not? He makes me poop. Jean Kroupe couldn't play the tuba. Okay, put him on a him or go to any votes. You have to be really old. Even a whole Jean Kroupe was. But Jean finishes out his facts very nicely by saying, in peach bush. Nice going, Jean. Can I do the story about the world as old as genitals being found? Yeah. Well, here it is. London. This from Reuters, no less. So it might be true. Scientists have discovered fossils of the world's oldest genitals belonging to 400 million year old insects in ancient rocks in Scotland. I don't know that insects had genitals. Did you? Of course. How else do you think they do it? The penis of the ancient harvestman insects commonly known as the Daddy Long legs. Oh, I know him. Oh, you know who didn't make our pool of dead movie stars? Oh, John Holmes. Somebody had called, but he hung up and he was going to say that. Yeah, how do you know then? Because he told me so and I did not want to know that. Why not? Yeah, to tell me what he did want to know. The penis of the ancient harvestman insects commonly known as Daddy Long legs was two-thirds the length of the body and remarkably similar to the modern day species. New scientists magazine said Wednesday. Did he discover that the world's oldest genitals proves that little has changed over the last 100 million years at least for Daddy Long legs. The magazine said, Jason Dunlop and a team of researchers from Humbled University in Berlin will present their findings at a conference in Aberdeen, Scotland, also uncovered a long egg-laying organ called an over-positive from a female and over-positive. As well as genitals, the fossils of the oldest known Iraq-nid respiratory systems suggesting harvestman's ancestors had long since called over the sea and learned to breathe the magazine said. Harvestmen Iraq-nid is sometimes mistaken for spiders, but they're more closely related to ticks or mites because they don't spin webs. Unlike Moe, absolutely, they don't spin a wicked web. The previous oldest penis, which dated back a hundred million years and was found in Brazil belong to an Oster Cod. I wonder if he had his cod piece on. An early crustacean related to crabs, shrimp and water fleas. Oh, how are they? They were the penis that had crabs when he was the oldest penis on an early crustacean. I'll be damned. Now that dated back a hundred million, this one dates back four hundred million years. I guess they're kind of shoots a hole in a Bible crablo. I remember a thousand years ago. Carbon dating isn't real, it's a satanic plot. Yeah, it's a satanic plot. Okay, are you stupid people out there? Just believe all those getchies, okay, all that nonsense. They religious, blah blah blah, look that good old mumbo jumbo. And I do like chicken gumbo. Oh, speaking of this, speaking of penis, mysville, do the stir about on the ancent of that. Sodomy, shocker at New York High School. Do you see the stir it's on our website? Yeah. Along Island School Board is voted to win the high school football team, season of medallegations that some players were sexually assaulted by older teammates at a training camp. There we go at that same old stuff again, over and over again. Football. That's a game club you moron. The bell-more-marrex school board decided or once did I close their maybe cancel all of the Mepham High School Football teams games, news they reported yesterday's editions. Three varsity players ages 15, 16 and 17, allegedly satimize, three junior varsity players with a broomstick, pine cones, and golf balls were other players watched the newspaper reported. I'd like that. I better do that lady in the Delray Beach, cause ladies won't hang on. Or in Danya Beach, hello. Yes, man. I'd like to nominate Ronnie Van Zance. Okay. And this is Valerie Thompson from Danya Beach. I love you, show listen to it every day. Thanks, Valerie. Have a great weekend. Thank you, you two. Bye. Ronnie Van Zance. Got it, got it. Got it, Eric. Erissa. Anyway, three varsity players ages 15, 16 and 17, allegedly satimize, three junior varsity players with a broomstick, pine cones, and golf balls while other players watch the newspaper scene. The alleged assault took place at Camp Wayne in Preston Park, Pennsylvania, were about 60 metham high school players in five coaches spent a week less month. They were spent. Newsday said Pennsylvania State Police were investigating the allegations and no charges have been filed. The three accused players have been suspended from the team, but not from school, pending the outcome of a district investigation. School officials and players have said that the coaches didn't know about the incidents to one of victims parents reported to the school principal several days after the team had returned. The school board found that many of the teams players violated the district's go to conduct, but not reporting the alleged abuse news they said. I didn't like that. Some players sexually assaulted by older teammates, is more that factory continues in the world of young guy sports. You're gay. Yeah. That's how I look, Reverend Jones. Erick. Yeah. 560560 pound five 60 on here. I don't hate the Nc. It provides it where up his line. Who is your all-time favorite dead musician? John Lennon's running away with it. I predicted that. God, we didn't think he would. 47. And let me ask you this. I'm not going to wait till somebody calls it in. How about George Harrison? Okay. Well, what's wrong with that? Not a put just. If John Lennon can go on there and get all the glory. Call of the tragic murder and he, you know. Well, George Harrison is an exactly divergent. Pleasant death. No, but nevertheless. Never less my ass. It's all about the hype. Lennon was hype long before he was shot. Then he met with a terrible tragic ending. And I should probably be upset with Lennon who facts him three names. See, I don't, but I'm not going to be upset because there are three good names. Stevie Ray Vaughan. Right. Right. From now on, we're going to limit it to one for customer. I'll want to get to these other facts. They'll probably have about 30 each. Buddy Holly. I don't know. Of course, when we say who's your favorite. See, I can't argue because it's your opinion. It's like what's your favorite flavor of rice cream? Who's here vanilla? Who the hell might have said your taste is crap? And Roy Orbison? Right, boy. Why sure what's your head that? What's that one? Well, we have the traveling will breweries. Don't we? What's the name of that pit? Is it the ancient will breweries? I think so. No. Aging with something. The ancient will breweries? What tells the name of that thing? Anyway, so thank you, Lenny. If you did put tree on here, we'll get the veraphso to about that. Here's Bob Weir of the dead and rat dog. Bob Weir. Huh? Is he relation is he kind of the golfer? The Canadian golfer? Mike Weir, you think? No. Bob Weir. Put him on there. W.E.I. E.I.R. I have no idea who that is. From the Grateful Dead. Oh, Bob, we're going to put him on there. Guess we have to put Jerry Garcia. Yeah. I say with great the related to it. Because anybody that's one of those deadheads really, really their taste is inside their tush. Deep in their tush. Here's a call from plantation. Hello. Hey, Bill. Yes sir. I called the Put Jerry on. Jerry Garcia. My socket. Bob Weir's alive. Yeah. Yeah. He ought to be dead because he sucks. Okay. But Jerry is the man. And even when he was alive, he was grateful he dead. Hey, man. Well, sir. And what's for relevant morning? He's supposed to call me far esteemed. Ever seen together? Yeah. No. And he's not dead. And he's not dead. So let's cross Bob Weir out because he's still alive. They had him with five shots and he's still alive. I just loved the way that Solotso said that. He says with it. Then he does that jotting. I wasn't whether Jau was more like with a teeth. Yeah. Whatever is like, just side to side. You know what Sonny said? I think you put a brains alopean eyesight. I think you put a brains alopean eyesight. Okay. That's what's in us. How about John Bonham or Glenn Miller? Oh, and I'm going to put Glenn Miller on it. I mean, why not? You're not in the mood? I'm not into. Oh, man. Are you getting old? Wow. I got in the other room. We got the seed. That's a scary. Okay. John Bonham and Glenn Miller. Well, Glenn Miller was very, very. Popped around the RC records after WWW II. I saw that movie. He was an innovator. Yeah. Okay. You should have tossed him down the elevator. John Bonham and more. He's a humongous listener. We apologize to Eric because I know it's an awful lot of work. And he might, you know, burn off a few calories or something bad like that. It's 1112. It's right in here. Did I mention it's raining? Yeah. We got the ass in. We got Isabelle's. That's home ass in here in T.O. And an Ontario because anything evil and bad that happens. We certainly don't want to be left out on the hills of the SARS. To now once but twice and the West Nile and the Mad Cow and the Tainted Beef and The Huck, Kooties and the Power Outer Outage. All of these things. We don't want to be left out. 1113 a QA and we got the Mad Dog at 2 the Humphorage 4 including the Dave Wands That you would find by here Dave Wands that he just I can't deal with him. I don't like him at all. Marlins on deck at 7 Marlins at the Brave 7 35. It's the game of the year. And of course from here on in I guess they're all the game of the year. Eddie came to the baseball game and the Uxus ESPN made overnight because it's free. We got nothing else to put on. Hey, if you got nothing to put on that fits because you're fat and you're trying really bad and hard to lose some weight. Here's the answer for you. And that is the Lights of West Booker. Stir where you find Zidians and Zidians of low carb and sugar free products. So if you're on the Atkins of any of those similar diets. Here's the Astor that you're going to fall in love with because I'm like your supermarket which carries just the basics. You know, your meat and cheese and seafood. The lights has got all kinds of really great things snacks to keep you on the straight narrow path because nobody can just eat your meat and cheese and seafood and cheese and seafood and meat. Am I right about that? Yes. Yes. Try the new low carb instant cup of soup from delight. Just pop water in there and put in the microwave. It's a low carb meal on the cup and four delicious flavors. Be sure to take a puke at the simply delicious low carb muffins for a quick breakfast. They've got your own little individual size cheesecake. Do these low carb peanut brittle? Carborette rated drink chocolate and low shakes it's a low carb meal in your can. The at last chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars with no malt at all speak in a can. And the almond snack cakes, the blondies and six different flavors. I bet you they got a lot of new things too but skipy doesn't service any of his accounts. They've got a low carb hot cocoa apple cider and delights incredible selected low carb pasta sauces, Dressing chips, chocolates their famous carbolite ice cream. You can try any of these things before you buy them too. And of course, Atkins is a brand's products are on sale all day every day. Actolites are open daily 10 to 10 you'll find them on the northeast corner of glaze and 441 next to Boston Market column toll free at 1-877 low carb or shop them on the web at low carb.com. Don't forget the lights of my spooka. It's your official Atkins retail center. My life and low call. This is 430564. You will be a new AAM. Hey! I dropped in on the floor. I'm gonna get on the floor. I was turning blue. I died right after you. I never thought that I would die if those same time the Johnny Cash would do. You'll see I'm your Lens stole. No, I am your Lens stole. Where's that thing else you can do? Johnny and I are three blue to figure that job here to pass away with the boy named Sue. I think I may have caught something when I'd thank you so much that day. I always want you to go to the moon. Will every show like it blue? The moon was in the town of the house at all and in the gold cave. I was a star of the two. And that were both of the two. I think there's something alive in my wiener. I just heated up a weiner in the microwave. I don't know how we cook something in a microwave and it is say real high heat and sometimes it serves making it like squealing sound. Oh yeah, why me? Yeah. Well this one it wasn't just squealing. Yeah, and I kept going on. I thought, yeah, I hope that the neighbors doing here that they're going to think I'm about Kimmel somebody in here. It's not like there was somebody alive in my wiener. Yeah, I like they've never heard that before. Which I am chopping on one right now is my roof. What's wrong with that? Nothing. Somebody fancy and says Randy Rhodes as he's guitarist not the Howard bitch with a good heart, but no clue. Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow. Her. No clue is exactly right. But Randy's going to say the world you watch. I'm watching. And you know what we're going to save the world from itself from all these or horrendous things going on. All this death and destruction. No, deli den. That's the hub. That evidently is the hub. The nexus of the universe. Len and I are who's still around. Nice here from iglen. He says how much end is dropped. But of course, we don't want to leave her out. But why don't I fit that we've gone. It's a bon. What if? I don't think I've put that in Hacien. Oh, no, I know exactly where it is, but I've only other stuff that I put in here. No, and then put that in there. Yeah, so that's a little homework for me to do. Jesus H. Christ is this fax. He's still warm and he's already forgotten. Johnny Cash. Oh, how could we? I would hope he belongs on the pool. Anybody belongs on the pool if it's your opinion. I mean, you know, anybody reasonable. I've set. Ha ha ha ha. All-time favorite dead musician is obviously it says on this one. Jerry Garcia. Obviously, I can't imagine any other way. I mean, should he get all the votes on it? Obviously. Obviously. But this one from Hollywood says, can you vote for a group Leonard Skinner to went down? Well, even all die. No. So we've done a plane crash. You have not runny band Sant. Who's already under. Thank you. I think that's why I want to make a hit in Hollywood. Also, I couldn't get you down the nerd pool. How could we forget what he had in the code and no brand? Did we forget them? They were both on here. Thanks anyway, Jay. Can you hear me? He's having a rough life. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Look at John Lenin just run off and hiding. Because Yoca is right behind him. No, because he sees that guy on the street again. But that was his name, Chapman. Right. Was his first name. Mark. Mark David Chapman. See, he came to John Chapman, the hardest driver. He's dead too, by the way. John Chapman, the Roosevelt Raceway. John Lenin and 56 Elvis Presley 29. How about Charles Conrad? Jim Morrison, 27. Paul Kirk, Col Baying, 15. Couldn't do an all that great, you know what? No, he needs that feeling too good either. What a lot of nerve. Anna. Bob Marley 11. Jimmy Hendrix is right on his ass. Still nine. Wouldn't surprise me at all. Frank Zappas got eight. Frank Sinatra's only got five good. I mean, we don't have too many old forests with computers. Freddie Mercury five. A bond Scott of ACDC's got two. Keith Moon one. Eddie Kraquin one. Jerry Garcia's only got one. Good. No votes for Jean Cooper. John Bonham. Glenn Miller or Ronnie van Sand yet. As of yet. We don't have Roy Orbison on there yet. Or Stevie Bay of Honor buddy Holly. Or George Harrison. How come George Harrison on here yet? Eric, how come in on there? I don't want to start getting pushy Eric. I think he's right. Be rather selective. Okay, here's one Tucker who's becoming Frantic Factor. Frantic. You see the way he got Princess stuff out. While I like that head writing. Please add all see Marvin Gaye. Can I change my vote? No, I like to Morrison. But I love Marvin Gaye. Say, has there been another soul or R&B singer to compare him with the other one? And he answer of course is no. How about fans wallet? What do you think, hit? Nobody knows who that is. Who's dead though? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Somebody named so little time. Here's Miami. Hello, Neo. Yes sir. Yes sir. Send it. Cruise. Yeah. Of course. How does side out of mind? We all who give him and Miami. How about Barry White also? He's an ingredient that he's becoming. He's an ingredient that he's a boomer. And when he's a bomb, he's a bomb. And he's a bomb. And he's a bomb. And he's a bomb. And he's a bomb. And he's a bomb. And he's a bomb. And he's a bomb. And he's a bomb. Sickeningly sweet. They have very wide output on their just to humor him. Okay, but it's good thing I chat them off. He probably had a list of very good. But third man. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Saliakruz, baby. Don't be leaving out porcelas. See. Not to want to see it. 560. Don't forget Georgia's afternoon 3 to 5. This is pressure pack. Because if he don't raise at least 40 bucks, he can't come back on Monday. 3 to 5 at the 4-Laterale Harley on federal highway. Just out of Oakland Park. But a bottle has some crappy QM prizes. But elini city subs. And some Dickens cider energy drinks. We'll have our best meal merchandise rozum. And the more coward David in Keete. Have some water. I don't think those things are going over that big. They really feel like I don't want. Nobacks that because Miguel told me that you know, when he found that we had Blood DNMer Managed Keate No proximity seeds. Ha ha ha ha ha. How do you like that? All right. Yeah. More just the hate you and your show they don't like your stupid Keete either. teacher either okay I mean yeah it's really that's extra bad on my part to be ripping him because he was he was decent enough to even though of course there were couple of even one on there but he was decent enough to allow us to do that even though he had no saying it really but yeah there you go who would want one of these key chains somebody had hit him like poison so they ought to be his soul my coctics how about you asshole is that on there I love it see that's about the only thing I like about him is the fact the way he says that which such tremendous enthusiasm and such ventum in his voice is the one guy says got real ventum you asshole oh yeah see when he says you asshole can tell he means it air v-bone his brittle old body is just just on a verge of bending cracking when he says that I line two doesn't have a location on there which is probably operator air somewhere probably do you have a dare does it say something on my ear here's somebody from somewhere hello yes sir thank you thank you what is it he like those animals yeah oh you know something I don't think I'm going to recover we have to take the next six weeks off go to that no listen to me they raised forty dollars yesterday during mark where it had a war in twenty bucks was from the guy with the eyes oh no oh my god seriously if Jo and Mark show up Monday night to do that show I'll be shocked aren't you are you dismayed and grossed out by that I'm touched and honored that he would come all the way to wherever they were support in other words you're trying to say it's better than you yeah how did I guess the guy with the eyes oh my god Jo cast double and mark Eisenberg I would hang my head in the same I'd hide under the bed because of no him did not show up so that forty bucks was left from him what do you mean he while whatever contribution he made he didn't make it there then only just got said he went there and I could hear him like he was in a room closet or some closet okay I see twenty seven past eleven at five sixty seventy two mj on our still by the way blow it was a horrendous job forty bucks god I could find that much like loose change on a sidewalk hey if you got a little loose change and you want to plunge this week and all the big football games or whatever maybe one of the most exhibition hockey game VIP sportsbook dot com is not for his best we got on this radio station a zillion sportsports there trying to pedal to you and in fact I heard the hopper yesterday talking about costabica cobalt you know what costabric is it's a jungle down there ninety nine percent of these bookies are down to a jungle's good luck finding them when you want to get your cash so this year move up and class to VIP sportsbook dot com the oldest and the largest sportsbook in a real civilized perverted place the Netherlands they're how to present legal and licensed as well so listen to me this is an old pervert like me and call VIP sportsbook dot com now toll free at one eight six six sevennej bus because to put it simply their south of his best and if you sign up not even right also to football basketball teams use free all year long can the use when in and 900 usually right later win a hundred you went and who is itbra around $100 in hardowed once a hundred committed to that v thirty percent cash bonus not to some funny money matches bestDaveoed P sportsbook com arrested for you find a mole time call for me And be sure much in your head about it here on Sports Intensive, gambling obsessive QAM. 866 VIP bet sets the number 186 VIP bet for VIP sportsbook.com, where you are the VIP. 5 bet local V6 is 56. 3 0 0 your 3 0 0 QAM. 5. 5. 60 WQAM presents the OPM Anthony show with no Howard David. This is OPM. And I'm Anthony. You're way to minute it's me with a low voice. Oh. Yeah, you got the affected boy. Okay. Hi Anthony. Yeah, I hope you and let's not forget our old pal Mo Howard David. Yeah, I was wondering how long would take for you to punks to go around for me. I really hit the big time. Hey, I am with the OPM Anthony. Hey, Mo. Take off your pants. Yeah, we're going to rape you now. You got to be kidding me. This is a family show. And wrong. This is the gop on Anthony show. Now, come on. Strap with your guys only. Did that in touch. Hey. Get out of there. Get out of there. Get up and submit. Get up and submit. Catch my delicate. I'm a tender. Oh, I'm just a nobody. What if everybody want to rape me? Like a sweet thinking. It's funny. That's why. Got a nice act. Oh, I got no for you, pal. I'm still sprying. Oh, I ought to apologize you. Oh. Oh. I got a stand snide open. Oh, I want the red ball. And I'm for this. All right, Mo. I've been waiting for junkie. It's nothing to give them. I'll kill you. Okay. Open. Why? I've got to make an Anthony who good. Yeah, that's good. Yeah. He was here, let's. I'll see. I'll see. I'll see. I should not. Jake. I'll see. I'll see. Yeah. They're not the class of me now. Yeah. I really saw it. Let's go, basically. I know. I'm going to go. Yeah. No, no. Yeah. Okay. That's it. I'm going to lay a ball. I'm going to lay it. All right. Okay. Well, what? You're just going to leave me here. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. Yeah. What was supposed to be there at the end of that? I don't know. I got to tell you. I'm supposed to pass along in defense of our good friends, Joe and Mark. There are parents yesterday was on the corner of Chrome and Kendall. If you know where that is. Practically. In the middle of a malinga field in the swamp. Yeah. So who the hell set that piece of crap up? Oh, it was paid. Mm-hmm. Hey, listen, you can be on the middle of the Everglades. Okay. And if you've got some money, QAM will send somebody out there. Okay. We'll send one of them panel wheel things. Yeah. And airboat. Who's your all-time favorite dead musician? Why does he have dead dead? What is that man? Type-up? No, maybe he's just trying to emphasize the completely dead. As opposed to like maybe just a little bit dead, likely dead. John Lennon 64 Elvis Presley 30. How many is Elvis got? About 30 man. Jim Morrison 29 Kirk Cobain 18 Bob Marley 14. Jimi Hendrix 11. Frank Snotron 9. Frank Zappen 9. Freddie Mercury 8. Jerry Garcia 4. Oh, I do love his ice cream. Bond Scott 3. Stevie Ray Vaughn 3. Barry White Scott 3. Johnny Cash 2. Just died. He's only got two votes. Eddie Cocker and Keith Kaka-Moon and Silia Cruz each have a pair. Ray Orbison 1 Randy Rhodes 1. Jim Krubas got one I totally get a vote. Probably whoever facts that in. John Bonham's going. And no votes yet for Buddy Holly. Janice Joplin Marvin Gaye Glenn Miller or Ronnie Bansan out of 2-2-2. I was at Karen Valentine in room 2-2-2. Yes. Was it? Yeah. Well, it's Bokebrook talks about it all the time. I have no idea what he's talking about. We've never saw that show where you don't do this. You just use a school teacher, Karen Valentine. Alright. I was confused here with Katherine Ross. They don't look anything alike. I don't think no. But they're being with the K. Sure. Isn't Cape Paso, you were saying. But I sure was that was still on. Here's Miami. Hello. Are you doing this? Okay, sir. I got a recommendation for your poll. Yeah. Okay. Two-plot. That's the mayor right there. Two-plot. Okay, man. Okay. Okay. Word. Ha ha ha ha. Two-plot. I can't look at six-plot myself. And two-plot he's still dead by the way. Yeah. We're putting two-plot on but not biggie. Nobody called for biggie yet. Okay. So, you called for biggie. Are you trying to get big Wilson on a poll again? Hello big. Here's a call from sunrise. Hello. Yeah. I've got plain on me. Do I know him? And I just wrote him down. Yeah. I thought it was funny, I guess not. Okay. Take care. Well, I didn't hear what he said. But first. First, first, first, second, second. Oh. Well, that's all it's this funny is the one that says, this year and it's ha ha ha. That's what it says on the facts. Vote for dead musician, this year and it's ha ha. Yeah. From Rob and Huntington, New York. Well, thanks a lot, Rob. Come to the hurricane. What about where the, uh, part where his brain used to be? We are having there's like, uh, you know, a couple of lines down here and there and I just want to do it in some ways to support it. Couple of spotty power outages around the GTA. Just so people don't get upset because we've got to get some bad stuff. Do I know him? And the almond brother is of course he's on air, boy he's a rambling gambling man. That's one of my very all time favorite scenes in any movie ever. When father, uh, paranoia is there in the bar, father, married father, maran. No, he's not father, maran. Father, maran was the old guy. Sorry. I can't use them. Father, carous. Yes, because you're not a football player. You can't see word association Alice, carous, Detroit lines. Uh, father, carous. He's dead, by the way. That's the power of Christ to bless you. I think I'm losing my faith. And you hear them sit playing randomly man in the background by the almond brothers. Uh, John Vaughn, lead Zeppelin drummer. Oh, I think we're just playing the rambling. I got it here somewhere, rambling man. Some work. In fact, that's what we're going to do to kill some good time. We're going to play at least two three songs by each of these names. I could play it on the nose guitar. Can you? Yeah. Down. That wasn't bad, but it's not not in the same league. Well, people probably have more practice on it with a hand opportunity. I can't get my Coleman paper out of it. Do a few times. George is most famous at the moment. It was on that bit. He'll paper a comb. That was bad, fact. Five six seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty. So we got the guy with the eyes is helping us out on a band of pair rescue. Geez. Probably had a punty's David Cancity blow up. Gotta get the money to buy the CD. Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello. How about Jim Crow. Jim Crow. He outstanding. Any is mild. He was good. He was great. He wasn't good. He was great. He's one of my favorite rights. I was just stopping not Rochester. New York the last week. Right. I live up there. I used to live up there. I would have waved at your right across the lake if I don't even know. We were right on the lake. My uncle said it once and a while. They can see the skylight from Toronto at night. Are you serious? Yeah. Because he's a poor buffalo more on the lake on terror that way. Right. Once in a while, they'll see it. They'll see the lights. It's got to be just right. I'll stop right on the scene. I'm probably a beautiful up there. I mean, a neighborhood. And we're at just there and stuff. I mean, I haven't been up there in like 12 years. I mean, some of their worst neighborhoods. I would compare to the best neighborhoods down here. I don't think we've had a excellent point. Except the one where I used to live, you don't want to go there. No. I was down in the sea breeze. Who are you? Yep. Everything about the night out there. I think we're going to be right there. I think we're going to be right there. We're going to be right there. We're going to be right there. We're going to be right there. We're going to be right there. We're going to be right there. We're going to be right there. We're going to be right there. We're going to be right there. We're going to be right there. We're going to be right there. We're going to be right there. We're going to be right there. We're going to be right there. We're going to be right there. We're going to be right there. We're going to be right there. We're going to be right there. We're going to be right there. We're going to be right there. People will rush us there and get together. We start talking all this crap. We'd like to talk in and code, you know. Yeah. Kind of like when it bags get together. We all like talking. Oh, fuck. Yeah. That's going to be your sports video. Fife's. You a M. Find out the hand. Oh, fuck. One foot in the grave. One foot in the grave. One foot in the grave. One foot in the grave. One foot in the grave. One foot in the grave. They say that I have no chance to be saved. And see the light now. I'll be checking out before the night is full. The chairman of the board. I wasn't posing. Very soon I'll be. He composing Samian, you know. So I will be with you. Who, baby. One foot in that grave. Someone called Barbara. I've got one foot in the grave. People are surprised that I am still alive. Then die in 95. I don't think I'll sing today. My life is fading far away. Whoa. Made it through the night. This is surprising. Did not think I'd see. That's sunriseing. Not bad for a guy. Who's one foot in the grave. Who, baby. Nelson, middle of the show. Where is Nelson? Is he dead? Barbara West, my lunch. I'll check it out, baby. 1146 at 560. Nobody came here. There's a fact that obviously somebody very angry. Dude, how could you leave out George Harrison with a whole bunch of exclamation points out? Don't look at me. I put him in only air. He hasn't put him on the list yet. They're supposed to get around. He's not a lot of pressure. Okay. But it's good timing because this just hot off the press. McCartney involved in scuffle and London. Is he dead now too? Illusionist David Blaine was not magic for Paul McCartney. The former beetle was involved in a shoving match when a photographer tried to take his picture. Neither the London side of Blaine's latest stunt. I'm official said today. The official McCartney spokesman Jeff Baker said the former beetle fired him. He learned that Baker had informed the photographer that the pop star would be visiting the site on the river. Tams were Blaine is trying to live without food for 44 days while suspended from a crane and a plastic box. And there's actually a photo of David Blaine who's being suspended from a crane and a plastic box. He's a dork. David Blaine? Yeah. Am I supposed to know who that is? This is what he does. What he's doing now? This is what he does. At the time. At the time. At the time. The illusion of the. The biggest of him reinstated in the scrub reports of a fracus is exaggerated. A fracus. There's that fracus. London's Metro Police, however, said they were investigating two counter allegations of common assault following the speutanier Blaine site between a photographer and a group of friends at about 1 a.m. London time today. The police didn't name any of those involved in the incident. Baker issued a statement describing how he McCartney and friends of musician went to see Blaine after the after dining in London central London so-called district on Thursday evening. London lads tipped off the press were watching a man in a sleeping bag at a box that Paul was passing the statement said Paul then continued to joke by telling his maid who's his publishes that he was fired. Paul then got into a car and went to home reports that this was a fracus or fracus or anything other than a group of friends on a night or heavily exaggerated. It reports of his death or premature in Yadiyati. Okay. For a story. Just like Paul McCartney with all to respect. I mean, when you can get one up by Michael Jackson. You know what I'm saying? Uh-huh. You can't be too swift. Sunny bone or somebody says, okay, let me read the complete list as I've got it now. Okay, so for your benefit. And Eric's benefit and all the ships would see who is your all-time favorite dead musician. John Lennon Jim Morrison. That's Jim Morrison. Elvis Presley Kurt Cobain. Bond Scott Franks and after Eddie Cocken Bob Marley Jimmy Hendrix. Frank Zappa Freddie Mercury Keith Moon Jean Cooper. Jean Cooper was always annoying to me. They've stayed him back in the early days of TV or something about the way he looked was just bizarre. Ronnie van Zand George Harrison Dwayne Alman's TV wave on Buddy Holly Ray Orbison Jerry Garcia. John Bonham Glenn Miller. Janice Joplin. Johnny's cash. Randy Rhodes not the broadcast to a girl better shape. She's still alive. Marvin Gaye. See that cruise? Very white. Two pack. Jim Crochet and Sunny Bonham. What a list, huh? What a magnificent list and we got a long way to go. Lots more names on his list. Not third man. But so far, John Lennon. He's like he's pulled away from the package like Secretary in the Belmont 1973. Pulled away from the pack left him in the lurch. Here's a call from Margie. Hello. Good morning. Yes sir. How you doing? Good man, you're tough. Okay. Good how about Warren's divoture list? Okay. And just recent two is a matter of fact. How soon they forget? Yeah, no kidding. Just days ago. A couple of things. Man, thank God for your bedtime stories on your site. Man, it's like a hopefully a really wake up. And or hey, does a great job. And that's all I gotta say. And thank you very, very, very can. Thanks, man. You too. Thanks. There you go. Nice dive. That nothing bad to say. Only good things. All of these things. While we're here that no more. Yeah, well, once in one, say me a few years, we have somebody says All of these things. Right. Our positive as opposed to the usual spew them that we get, you know? When it doubt they spew them out. What a what? I'm looking for that Jan is job and thing. And I know it's on one of these. They're eating out worth it. You know, I love that. It's one of my favorites. You do? That's one of the first ones I heard. And it almost killed me. So I wanted the early, uh, AC and Go library once here. And I'm patchking around with them. And I'll find hate her like I do. Yeah, but it's especially funny. Well, I'll tell you what. Uh, thank you. I guess it probably would be a better idea to do doing a break. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I'll see because I have these all in a drawer. I see. See what I'm saying. I got the book here. I have a whole AC and library. Well, why don't you look into book you, Lazy. Spick and tummy, which one it is. And then he's eating me to write back behind you there and grab it. Since years are in order. I can like bumbleble around in the drawer here and kill some really good time since it's only nine till noon. We're going to be behind what I grab it. I see. You got to get. Well, no, it's under the categorical thing. They're like under Jan's. Joplin under like dead that broads of good and sing the first mid. Here's a lady in Bokeh. Hello. Hello. Yes, Rob. How about patchy climb? Patchy climb is magnificent. Good. Thank you very much. And have a great day. Thanks. Bye. Patchy climb. Every time we do one of these about the hello. We haven't. I don't think we did this exact one. But regardless, patchy climb deserves a mention. What's the what the hell is the song I'm trying to think of? Crazy. Patchy climb. No, not crazy. Every mid night. Never that? Sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Even though come to music does suck largely. How about Marty Robbins? A white sport coat and a pink carnation. Well, when I was a kid, I was on Columbia Records. I had that. I love that song. Sure, because it's a pink carnation. Yeah, I like pink. That was the first inkling. The first pinkling that I had to be a fake. I'm putting Marty Robbins under. I'm, you know, it's my show. I'll put whoever to hell I want. Marty Robbins. Look at the motor, too. On how nine. Say, ready? For Janis Doplin? And now, another edition of, what is today? What if Janis Doplin were an evil on the lady? Help me. Yes, may I help you? Yes, may I help you? Yes, may I help you? Yes, may I help you? Yes, may I help you? Yes, may I help you? Yes, may I help you? Yes, may I help you? Yes, may I help you? You didn't. Next time, do find out what would happen if Nancy Reagan lost weight? Let's bulletin, just in. It appears that the first lady has disappeared. We're next. We ask. What? Here. Okay, just for my homework and future reference, give me the, uh, this can the number of the cut. 649. This is 6 number for I never would have found it. Nice work, George. And by the way, we're number one and we want to pat everybody on the back connector with a show of suffer Scott because he hasn't been there long enough. Now, we don't want to pat you on the back. You haven't done start taking credit. Although Scott for rail, the real Scott, he did great. We had about an 8.5 and Mo had a point one as we were figuring out. What do you think? What's the point, Mo? And nobody wants your crappy keychain either. It's pretty depressing. We've got to get busy on that Scott for a while. You know, remember start raising some cash. Well, we talked about that. What do you mean we talked about having a hope of making back the money that we spent making these other ones? We better wait until we sell some of them before we start making new alternative products. If you know it all. Yeah. You know the word. Besides, let's save us something to do next year, hang. Yeah, but then we're not going to raise anybody this year. We have a bunch of little dogs and putty cats that are going to like go, uh, why? What? We'll get a one in the end. We'll get a one in the end by the end of the year. We will. Yeah. Based on what? Based on it's, it always happens. This is the slowest, the creepiest, the, uh, most depressing fundraiser I've been involved in. And then the Senate Joe and Mark with their limited audience to begin with. Out in the middle of the guy in Everglades in some kind of a paddle boat. I mean, what is that? Embarrassing. Kind of a freaking fundraiser. Is that, huh? Here's a call from a moral gevel. So it's okay. Okay. How about about a half an hour? Chalpe the dance warning. He, he, he was on his way these this morning. Here's North Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Mozart. Old Clark. Hey. Oh, I think it's time for you to depart. That was a work of art. 5 6705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Well, let's get the Brahms and Beethoven list. Chopper. Franz List. 1156 4 minutes. I'm, uh, till noon. See if I was real quick. It's almost not worth it. You understand, but it's time to get through this. Where? It's really not worth it. Hey, I'll tell you where a thickener is either in 4 Laterdale now. And a lot of Rochesterians used to love thickeners. They love that in Bob's too, but they're out of business. And a thickener was resledging to you as well because they had great fresh fruit. They had that delicious, uh, special hot sauce. And it had the Rochester White hot and thickeners is in south Florida now. They're unfetterable highway just out the barbola and the tunnel on the east side. Thick and earth is like a flashback in time to what really great restaurants used to be before all the fast food crap. Go into thickeners and enjoy a burger or hot dog serve fresh hot and fast. Thick and earth is brought to for Laterdale by the same guys who feed you. Cheyberg or cheaper. They use the same great fresh 100% ground shock meat as cheaper. Cheyberg and off are you an incredible big fat one, a quarter pound hot dog. What makes thickeners different from anybody else in town? I'll tell you right now like I said early moments ago. Their burgers and dogs are served with a signature meat sauce poured on top. Giving you an amazing combination of flavors that do like a little tap dance in your push. So if you're looking for something else to try, thickeners is about all kinds of great dishes including a great breakfast menu. Amlets cook to order French toast pancakes, all your favorite side dishes. So stop by thickeners even for if you're from like Buffalo. We'll still let you in and see what all the talk is about thickeners on federal highway. Just south of Barbarne and the tunnel on the east side and for Laterdale. Be sure and tell them that old Rochester Mavin, the O'Rodger sent to buy to Vic and Irves. I'm in love with this poor twinny o' likesy. You way am. This mark, Morgan, is the 12 to one hour on Q8. We'll continue to work on the next day. We'll continue to work on the next day. We'll continue to work on the next day. We'll continue to work on the next day. We'll continue to work on the next day. We'll continue to work on the next day. We'll continue to work on the next day. We'll continue to work on the next day. We'll continue to work on the next day. We'll continue to work on the next day. We'll continue to work on the next day. We'll continue to work on the next day. We'll continue to work on the next day. We'll continue to work on the next day. We'll continue to work on the next day. We'll continue to work on the next day. We'll continue to work on the next day. We'll continue to work on the next day. We'll continue to work on the next day. We'll continue to work on the next day. We'll continue to work on the next day. We'll continue to work on the next day. We'll continue to work on the next day. We'll continue to work on the next day. We'll continue to work on the next day. We'll continue to work on the next day. We'll continue to work on the next day. We'll continue to work on the next day. We'll continue to work on the next Start rolling out the next day. From now on, pieces of art's desk all shave from the eingruns. Even the fish modeling edges are ruined by black ladders. A bit like In pearl guida, because there's a little vibe passage here. Anyway, somebody says what about the Chinese Chinese! Yeah! Let's talk about this! Can you hear what they're looking at! crunch!... With me I've been heard of that night Soon there is someone to see my wife Just call me in the south But you hang up the phone It be too late So take a call In the south I got you there Oh, okay, so let's get tidy Tim on air Get a voter too little comic a relief Here's what I said from Jerry and beneath the springs I like to suggest Harry Chapin for today's pool. Why not Jerry? Why not? You only had two at singles But his albums were real piece of work both new, musically, and I would say he was a piece of work too It was one of my favorite singer songwriters I waited till your show was over yesterday to vote on the best that actress pull I kept waiting for Bert Lancaster He was the finest actors to work in film We all know that he was a spring Nobody ever said Bert Lancaster No, sorry your eternity Right? What else? Spurtman of Alcatraz? Sure, that was good If the show hadn't been shortened for baseball, I'm sure we would remember Bert I voted instead for Steve McQueen's as you are Lots of a vote, and Steve McQueen was no Bert Lancaster Bert Lancaster was like a manly man He was like a man No, not a man's man, that was more like For his own power Favorite dead musicians, Miles Davis and John Coltrane somebody says, some of these jazzy guys I guess we'll put him on there Hey, jazz, can't stand it, makes me sick I mean we're going to put those people on there called that music, what about Mitch Miller? For March is New York by the way I bet you had a white hotter to win his time 5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon world is line How about One and a two huh? We must have somebody Laura Tobok, what do you say? My mom would wow on the list Orange welcomes a musician That's my point, no Here's the lemon sisters I'm not counting See there right there is the immediate reason why PB should be taken off the air We should stop subsidizing it as the fact that there's still show an old Lawrence walk shows If they can't do better than that with the money that they're always begging for them Put an aircraft on here then they ought to just shut the empty down Okay, they'll have front line No wonder that front line is cockau Maybe once every five years there's something that's really like a revolutionary They haven't done squat That thing that was supposed to be the big expose on rack and all that way It was crap it was stuff we already knew about I can see that stuff on a CBC anytime, eh? So guess what I just got? $1,000 for a band of per rescue Well, no, a big tumor on your left arm No, thyroid disease You got your stuff and your bonus is on it No way See they're not going to dick around because then it becomes a legal thing See so what they'll do is they'll stall The audience ever stopped them before The audience won't believe it, but it's true What this company is so cheap to be's leads that they'll stall Whatever it says in your deal is the latest that they can pay you on something Then that's what you'll get it If you're lucky, if you get it at all But I'm in now, you get it You do it And the summer book, believe you meet and I'll see what my bonus comes Do I get it like you're early? Yeah, because they don't better than the dick around with me Because we just are just to put my foot down Well, that's what my money, okay, Clarence and by the way, my check was a day late this last time you jackass You simple and I'm going to tell Scott to like shut the business down until you get the wood of the gun But we get to the 25th to make sure that thing shows up on time Scott's shutting the office down close for businesses putting a hang of the sign right on it And we'll see next time not only if I get paid on time, but we'll just got kids paid it on I want you to suppose to start getting paid March of what year 2005 Here's a call from Boca, hello Hello, yes sir Hey Neil, hey Doug You guys are francing around with everybody, tiny Tim, what about Liberace? Where is he? Probably in a box A pink one Neil, just want to say thanks for the entertainment over all the years I came back one time in a friend and put on the shnith show And put it in Felix for a little while And I mean forget right left Just you know good entertainment versus the layman or payment man Didn't lie everything you're fit compared to him No miss gonna pair myself thanks a lot, Pally Say how to Lee, I'm not put in Liberace, he's just he's just fun on us Because no he is you're a vat You think guys like her real guys, that's some pretty s-fag Who is your all-time favorite dead musician? That's our question today So far John Lennon is winning a hands down he's down to row he's gone He's gone man, you won't be catching John Lennon no time soon You got Elvis Presley with 35 the king not doing that great Jim Morrison 33 right on a king's ass Kurt Cobain 21 Firlie week Bob Marley 19 Jimmy Hendris 18 Alice last year for a week for Kurt Cobain. I'd say it's pretty them good for a crap that he made Jimmy Hendris 18 Frank's an opera 13 Frank's app of 12 Freddie and a Mercury has got a lover he's right on Frank's app as ass he's ready to give me old zap See the cruise and see me wave on ten never seen him together I think we ought to have like a see the cruise day on QA It's an angry that he's like a man He's an angry that he doesn't come back And when the party's the la la I'm gonna be there I'm gonna be there I'm gonna be there I'm gonna be there And New Jersey I'm gonna join the autograph on the Stanley Cup Can we want to hear a little bit of Joe Bohn and leaves a crushing the Swedish national truth Marchment working wide on the left side dropping it back behind the net And ready of settling past we don't have time anyway, christney scored nine goals we could play all of them Where did I leave off on list? Your Egar C is gonna eat I'm pretty the bummed out about that Very white five bond scots got foe Uh-oh The Gerald plays a bat nice pastime Uh-uh John bottom three Jean Cooper two Jean Cooper's got a pair of drumsticks I'll take the white meat. Thank you Keith Moon two where I was in two Eddie Cochran two Johnny cash two Jim Crochi two How come Jim Crochi's only got two votes laid edition they don't know from him are you crazy? Opera right Bad bad lead right brown right just bad bad lead where I brown is enough to make me want to go change my vote right now Jim Crochi didn't need that like in a plane crash Something like that right and don't mess around with Jim Or Randy you'll get pissed off. Oh, speaking of that Randy rose one see that segue. Wow. I slipped right into it Now I'm trying to get out Marvin Gaze got one big one runny van Zandbuddy Holly Glenn Miller George Harrison each one no votes yet for two pack For Janice droplet even when I day bond lady thing you play. She still can't get it up No votes for Sunny Bono Bono How come he was Sunny Bono and Bono is Bono you know Sam yeah see that's sir We had about Bono's pissed off a G W about the AIDS funding. We had that on yesterday. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was Wayne all men none and pasty Apache clients got no votes out of three oh nine come on That lady voted for Patty Clyde get on there sweetheart log on hop on it Because Patty and Scott see buddy Holly. I must be honest with I was about to say and yes, this is subjective who is your all-time favorite dead musician not to top five not your 30 most favorite but the the one But buddy Holly. I mean he was you know What he was one of the early rock and roll type stars and all that crap, but his music really was not that good Yeah, I agree with you. I'd just like the couple songs is all that'll be I mean Peggy Sue was like spastic when you come right out Look at that the goddamn sweet just score And he keeps the book It didn't last long anyway Buddy Holly. I hate to say that because it's like a slap in a face for anybody who liked him, but he wasn't that good Peggy Sue Yeah, ooh, ooh Peggy Sue, you know, and that'll be the day. Hey, hey, and I just he wasn't very good buddy Holly I just wanted to say that over and over again because you know why why because I don't think he was very good Oh, I'm married gay couple say they were refused entry to be West because an American customs officer wouldn't accept their clearance forms as a family Kevin Barasa, I wonder if he's can dilute Barasa the guy who drives it once or in his raceway Kevin Barasa and Joe Barnell So they ended their trip to Joe Joe because the customs officials at Toronto's Pearson airport insisted they fill out separate forms as single people Oh Barasa said he complained to a custom supervisor and was told a couple wouldn't be allowed to wed of the West as a family because this country doesn't recognize same sex marriages This country meeting the USA Barasa works as an advocate for same sex marriage said the couple made the decision not to fill out separate forms because they felt there was an insult to their dignity Barasa and for an L were heading to Brazulton Georgia to speak at a human rights conference Oh, I know if I was going to go out there and campaign for understanding in humanity I'd be going to Brazulton Georgia wouldn't you? Sure The couple were married in 2001 before last UN's Ontario Court decision to recognize the rights of gay's to marry Their marriage was recognized as a legal union light of the Ontario Court of Appeal decision A couple's attorney Doug Elliott said he spoke into Ottawa on the issue and is investigating whether legal action It'll be taken against the government of Canada and the US to their ass Baby to their ass we'd argue because probably asses your middle name We got the mad dog at two we got the Humperate for including the prestigious Dave Wands that show it's five Dave Wands that that's another guy he put him in a sin category with buddy Holly Holly overrated Seven o'clock Marlins on deck 735 the game of the season the Marlins clinging to a half game lead on a Philly's for the wild cover You don't understand the good part of that deal is don't you Scott? Is the half game it's in the lost column fillies of lost one more game? Yeah, the Marlins have one extra game. So right that's right fillies have one fewer game and again that they have played they lost it So they have the game in hand, so they would like to win out Which is unlikely but if they were to win or last nine or whatever they got left then they either win They pretty much had their playoff destiny in their hands before they started with the Philly's but they got the whole thing in their hands What about little Lori London you think he's dead probably and but he's got the whole world in his hands. Yeah, you do you? Sure, well you need some hell horn ball. They played all the other way to get that real fast And then you got any can't the debaist ball game the SPN radio overnight and join Mark by the way I'm going to be suspended for a couple weeks because of their crappy appearance. You're just a slide and local we're sports when you're five sixty two a few a year Are you busted New this fall on NBC from the makers of the summers run away hit queer eye for the straight guy comes a brand new program It's straight eye for the queer guy. Hi guys. I'm Trevor. Oh, what is this? Think up in here. What is that? Mostly flowers or something. It's my Popeye ring. Oh, let me help that smell out Oh, that's disgusting It's pretty Charlie. Yeah, thank you very much Freddy. Oh look at a closet's got over you. What kind ofs this? Leave me the cabin climb. Ah, where's the bacon strip taking skin? You know the skin mark. This is too clean. You can't have this kind of under all What kind of pants in you wear it anyway Rouch your pants It gets messy great with a hundred dollars. Oh, you look like a fruitful party no offense there. I know you all Charlie look at these CDs you look at this website story sound the music Oklahoma Very manalo Bob is strikes and lies the manally where is your rush? Is that way? Where's your Metallica? Where's your AC DC? I don't know what you're talking about man You gotta get some real blues up in here. Let's check out the refrigerator see what kind of food you are Oh, what is this pair of yours? There you are. There you are. What the hell is that? It's spacling what it's dangerous. Where's your blood wise doing your one onion? Look at all the so-called cushions. What is that? There's nothing there Exactly Raise your cheese noodle. Raise your freer's raise your various saves. I told you I don't eat that kind of stuff I try to keep very healthy and you know what raise your bone. Where do you keep it my what your bones for your weed? No, I don't have that but I want to these oh Yeah, that's right. You want to lie to it. Oh don't bring that thing name. Let's check out the bathroom here real quick Oh, he must his body's all this shampoo and vision cream rinse. What is this? You're my hair. I'm sorry. Look, go in. He's a borrel lava. That's right. Good evening. He's working. True. Yeah. Hey. You're all done. It washes everything. Get your piss. You get your undercarriage. Come here. Everything. All right. So she says your face. I'm a so strong. Very soft. Isn't it? I'm a time to date you shave. Three. Oh, once a week. Oh, unless you got a funeral or something. Once a week that's it. You're going to ruin your skin. Okay. It's straight eye for the queer guy this ball on NBC. Let me show you guys the bedroom. Oh, geez. I'm a little nervous going in here. We go. Charlie, look at his bed. It's red. Oh. I'm kind of thinking that like maybe I have the queer eye for the straight guy. I could be wrong But I think that could be right. Oh, said vicious somebody says for our list. I. What's wrong with that? Nothing. Get said vicious son or right away. And somebody says, which he's already on or who is this from? This is from Jake. Better late than ever Jake. He's already on or he's only got two posts. How to crap his name. Oh, he's the lonely. Oh, he's the lonely. Oh, he's the lonely. I'm looking. Back in the box right. Right. Robert said he's still dead. He was great. Yeah. I wish till I had that. What the hell's that one? The one that we were playing on IOD and then Mike Disney played it on on the coast. Yeah, ancient wheelberries is the name of it. It's on one of the best of's. I think Eric called and told us which one it was and I forgot. Oh, it's the name of that bit. Yes. What does that guy do? I just got to you. I thought the whole thing was going to say what was that Roy Orbison son that we were playing that Disney became so enchanted with me. Stair playing on or whatever was it Roy Orbison or was it a wheelberries? It was Roy Orbison trust me when I said it wasn't this but the cry. Was it crying? No. No, it's not going to be on it. It's going to be on it. Later. For the end. You got it? Why do we have that? No. I wish. Oh, Jesus cried. Oh, you must be reading off the internet. No. How many hours of your work have you done? How come you don't know that? To this moment I never knew. To a long way. And his glasses and his haircut. Boys like butter? Yeah. I know all the word for this song. And it was thick dark glasses. Right. I know all the work that it in dreams too. I'll say one thing. You was certainly one of the, I mean, one of my favorites but also one of the ugliest. The whole yeah. Singers ever. I mean there are a lot of them but he was just right in there. I'll tell you who else was one of the really ugliest guys. That was David Gates. I know that. I know that. But Gates. Oh, my goodness. For God with such a great voice. Yes indeed. I mean even the most macho guys would have met the David Gates has a beautiful voice. You don't want to talk about guys with a beautiful voice. Unless maybe referring to the African Queen Johnny mattress. He was ugly. But he made a lot of bread. 86 votes for John Lennon. Your all time favorite dead dead musician. Elvis. He's still alive. Jim Morrison 36. Some still believe he's still alive. Right. Kurt Cobain 21. Well guess what he's there. 21. Bob Marley 21. What did he die from? The I don't know. Bad weed. No, certainly. Do we know what Bob Marley died from Scott? I'm sorry. What? Jimmy Henry say teen Franks and after 17, Celia Cruz 13. Freddie and Mercury in Franks. That's what each had it doesn't. Stevie Ray Vaughn 11. Uh, what the hell just happened to me? Or just changed the Stevie Ray Vaughn's also got 12. During our C9, very wide 60 crochi and, um, Bond Scott and John bottom have five apiece. Marvin's gay, got full. Gene Krumpo Johnny cash, Roy de Boi and two packs. Yeah, Corey. Yeah, sure. Corey, you have three. Roy is only got three votes, but that's just for us. My ass. Good thing he's not around to hear that. You know. Yes, I'm Marley died a cancer. You got a cancer. Buddy Holly, too. Any cockman, too, Randy Rhodes, too. George Harrison, a pair Keith Moon, too. And only one vote for poor old Panty Klein. Good, Glen Miller, Ronnie bands that. No votes. None. Zero. For Janice Joplin, Sunny Bono, Dwayne Alman. Warren Zivan, Tiny Tim. Perry Chapin or Sylvishus who just went out of the 240 votes. No votes for the last disserberler. Isn't that amazing? Yep. I think it's scandalous if you ask me. Look what I found. What's that? Okay, and he cut a clown. They call us and man. That's one of my favorites. I wrote it. Yeah. I told you. I read every night. I played all the pages. Just this print was called us and it was proof. What is this, please? From Blue Velvet. Everything. You know. Did you ever see Blue Velvet? You'd like it. I don't know. It was awesome. And good. You're not gonna keep away. And you're gonna keep away. I don't know. You got this. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. What do we play where? Or was he nobody in a Saudi and see what knows who the hell that is? They don't like him. They don't like him. Shame on you. Next thing, you know, they'll be knocking poor buddy Holly. While he's down. He really wasn't very good. I'm sorry. Peggy suit. Who, who, who, Peggy suit? He was terrible. Yeah. He was a, in the end of the world, plus talk about ugly. My god. Man, oh man. Buddy, Holly. I think that's a, that's a good pull to take one day. The ugliest position. The ugliest popular musician. The ugliest music, uh, genital position. Huh? Genital. Ever see her together with Buddy Holly? Oh, she's got him beat. Same guy. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, uh, it's one for your poll. An important voice of the left. You never took any crap. You never sold out. It's just a strum of the clash. Yo, strummer of the clash. For soon people forget, is I mean, what December last year. Yeah. I'll soon be forget. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Okay. Thank you. Have a great day. Did we forget? I forgot. Damn. 26 past noon at 5.60, QAM. My, my. And local. This is 4.256. Wait, you, A.M. All right. Let's play who wants to be a millionaire. Huff Daddy. Sitting in the chair. I'll call you a puppy. Yo, yo, man. Yo, yo. Are you ready? Yeah. Here's your $100 question. Finish this nursery ride. All right. Hickory, Dickory. Blank. Is it a dock? B.P. C. Marina. Or D. Inlet. Oh, man. Is the $100 question right here? You're kidding me, right? Is the $100. For $100. Is it the million dollar question? This is the first one. Hey, it's only for $100. Is this a black thing? Would you like to use a life line? Yeah. What do I got? What do I got? Well, we have the ass, the audience, the 5050, and the phone of friend. Ass, the audience. How many white people in here? 5050, and the hell me? Oh, you don't want to phone a friend. Gonna phone a friend on the $100 question finishing the nursery ride. Yeah. All right. Who are we going to call, puppy? Oh, my boy. Oh, dirty bastard. Old dirty bastard. Yeah. Dirty with calm. Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line. And hopefully he can help you. Oh, no. Oh, dirty. Yeah, man. Readjust Filvin from who wants to be a millionaire. How are you? Hey. That's your friend here, puffed daddy. Yo, dirty was up. What the? Why is that? Why is that? Why is that? All right. All right. Oh, what's on me? Old dirty. Puffed daddy's in a little bit of trouble here on the $100 question. Hey, the first, man. First question. And the next voice you hear will be his. He'll come on the line. He'll ask you the question. He'll give you four parts. He'll give you four possible choices. Are you set? Hey, man. Next voice you hear will be his. And 30 seconds begins now. What is that? Yo, dirty. Finish this off for me. All right, man. Pickering, dickery. Blank. Is it a dock? B. P. P. C. Marino. Or D. Illity. Oh. Come on, man. I don't got much time. I know this, man. I know it. I see it's P. P. You sure? But third, man. This is a lot of money, man. A third. All right, man. Thank you very much. I, man. Time's up. All dirty. Said P. You still have two lifelines left. We are on the $100 question. You know what we just want to pull the audience? No, I like to add a lifeline. Actually, no, there's only three lifelines you've used. One, you have two left. No, no, no. I get another lifeline. It's a brand new one to the game. And what is that, Puffy? It's called Shoot the Host. Puffy, you can ask the audience. I call it Shoot the Host. Puffy, you're the 50-50. What's the answer? Puffy, it's stuck. It's a A. It's stuck. My final A. It's stuck. And it's a good one. You got to have it all. Run you run you run. Run, you run. No, no, no, no. Here's the facts from James. This is our Indian Trail North Carolina with a crazy bastard. Or is that old dirty bastard? But, sir, man, who just moved here from Boko. He's got me listening to you on the internet. Also, keeps telling me about this video. You have with Puffy, Daddy, on a millionaire show. But, if you had to hear it and can't find it on Neil's noises. Can you play it or tell me what CD? It's on there. Go James. If the majority of your listeners are as crazy as this ass will. You must be in hell. You're awesome and keep up this shit. I saw a lot of James in there. You go out of prices. I'm sure glad you played that for him. Yeah. Rick Nelson, somebody says, how could we forget Rick. He Nelson, huh? I bet you have that one of those CDs here somewhere. Rick Nelson CD, you think? I know you got him there. No, no, don't want you to play it. Yasha Highfits, the greatest violinist of all time. Right. Yasha Highfits. Are you crazy? I don't think we're putting Yasha on there, but Rick Nelson definitely. John Leonard is the one in the pony race. He's got 90. You're all time favorite dead musician. But, then it's pretty interesting. Elvis Presley, 40, Jim Morrison, 39 is Jim Morrison continues right in the king's ass. Bob Marley, 23, Jimi Henry's 22, kind of hard to separate those two. Maybe buy a hair. Kurt Cobain, 22, he's time with Jimi Henry. They're in a dead flat footed tie. Frank's an opera 18, Freddie Mercury 15, Stevie, we were all on 50. Say, yeah, Chris 13. Pucci Cucci. Yeah. Look at that Cucci. Frank's, yeah. You do it. Frank's happened 12. You're a Garcia. Right back. Roy Orbison's seven. He started to move up a little bit after we played that crap. I wish tell we had that, uh, what was the call? You got it. You got it? No. Very white six. Ben Bon Scott five, John Bottom five, Jim Crochet five, Marvin Gaye and Patchy Cloner tied with folk. Keith Moon and Jean Crupain, two pack and the Johnny Cash have three. And after that it's really teeny tiny telltator, including tiny Timmer's only got one. Now let's see, is there anybody with no votes? Oh yeah. Jan is drop on still even after you played that bit. In fact, that probably since did. She ain't got squashed. She belongs to that other pole we're going to do. Which musician are you glad is dead? Oh. Do I not like that? Do I not have none? Sunny Bono, Warren Zivan, Harry Chaper and Sid Vicious out of 379 votes. They all got the big zero. Now, speaking of a big zero, Barry Jackass. In the hero this morning in his column called In my opinion, Met's show interest in Shambi for radio. Makes me want to play. That. Let's make one play that book for me. Or beer. Like any like, like, no, like, no. Like, not, like, no. Like, don't, be like, no. Like, don't, be like, no. Anyway, my video announced her book, Shambi who's developed developed into a top-tallot as emerged as a strong candidate for radio-java-the-Oork-Mets. And the Marlins should try to keep in by offering him more than three-innings per game he does now. Because of the lure of broadcasting in this hometown of New York, only an off-rooted de Marlins' lead radio announcer would probably make Shambhi think twice about accepting an offer from the Mets should one be if-stended, and even that might not be enough. Shambhi isn't commenting on the issue, but he's a known commodity among the decision-makers that New York's fan WFAN, which is seeking replacement for retiring legend Bob Murphy. It's a Lion Dry-Yob. Bob Murphy? No, a Lion Dry-Yob. No, awful, just terrible. Gary Cohn Murphy's current partner, likely would assume the lead role on the broadcast. Although Dave Anhorn has had a distinguished career in his classic baseball voice, he makes more mistakes than Shambhi. Among other things, Van Horns' season is identified at Ground Ball as a pop-up, and at Ground Ball as a homer, although he was quick to write correct himself. Van Horns is still functional, but the Shambhi Van Horns, that's like somebody who's hooked up to like a life support, they're still functional. Yeah, like Moe. But the Shambhi Van Horns' team has not achieved the committed chemistry anywhere near the level of the Jo Angel David O'Brien tandem in the Marlins' infancy. The reason isn't surprising, Van Horns' style is old school, and Shambhi comes from the new generation baseball analysis, Shambhi isn't going to make a pop culture reference that my flyer Van Horns head. Was he talking about that bad piece? Who would that's a shot? Because the rumor I'm here, and I haven't met Dave Anhorn, who's got a worse hair piece than Moe. Hup in that beat. Now, wait till you're at this. A very jackass taken a really good dig. Nice God, Barry, you little pansy. With two years left at his contract, Van Horns figures to return, even though his vanilla delivery in overrelines on statistics hasn't exactly energized the audience. Oh, what a line. Ha ha. Even though it's coming from the barely functional Barry Jackass. With two years left on his contract, Van Horns figures to return, even though his vanilla delivery, it's up and away. And overrelines on statistics hasn't exactly energized the audience. Understand it at the century. It's about time somebody wrote Rippinette Dave Anhorn. And as he is terminal man, the exciting year, the Marlins of Had. He's about as exciting as a frog's fart. Nothing. Zero. He's a kind of guy that when he has an orgasm, it's kind of like like that. That's it. It's more like that. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Marie Skip. Morris Skip, excellent. Thank you. So how could we forget? Although I understand he's got a very hot wife. That Morris Skip, Dave Anhorn. That's all anybody talks about when you mention his name. We've got a hot wife at a vanherpie's worth and more. And he's got a vanilla delivering and he ought to go up and away. And look, this is 42560. And number one, damn it. Oh, Chris, this little fatter around. Even groupies are turning us down. It's no hard to keep a hip-stown. Get me my wheelchair. Wish my face was a rearrangeable. It's kind of wrinkly and unsreatenable. Brother, did I start to blow up old? Get me my wheelchair. Wish my face was a rearrangeable. It's no more. It's no more. It's no more. It's no more. I hate the night. I hate the pain. To leave you. I'll wrap my dancers and then pull the song. Then you're crazy. Oh, boy. You still look sharp when we were last. But if you think that we look really bad, check keep the wintry style tattoo instead. Get me my wheelchair. Wish my face was a rearrangeable. I cut myself good next to Bob Dylan. Now that we're made and killing, get me my wheelchair. Oh, getting my wheelchair. Wish my wheelchair. I hate the night. Wish my face was a rearrangeable. I believe I found it. Best of 92. I'm a good step on his matter. For example, I think I probably already have to stuck this in there. For example. It's like that. Here is what what's Palm Beach hello. Yeah sir. Just reading the time as you in and having a journey to Wight out here and I heard on Sign. It was the 60 chicks played without a glass. Scoutlet. I can be looking on the internet for it. I'm looking at CNN nothing yet. Guys, guys, guys, you were saying that was a European version of like Fox or something, is that right or wrong? Yeah. Then have a website? Sure they do. Well, George, George, you get busy. You know, again, well, George doesn't have to do. I can do it right now. I got my computer is a closer than his is. Thank you. Because what I want to use, I turned to the Real Roger show. There you go. Okay, Pally. Thanks. Do you believe that? I think that was useful. Sky News topic. Here it is. It's not coming up too quick, but here it is. Sky News. Let's go. Liberal Democrats take Brent East Sea. Rap Councilor, Attack Women. You got it? Nothing you're about to dig sea chicks. That was just a whole week. A whole act. It was a whole acts. But anyway, right, there's Sky News. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T for Rizewireless Land. Speaking of news, White House titled over Kennedy Bookflapp. Maybe Catherine Harris was on that plane. What do you think? The White House is keeping an arms like the controversial new book alleging that former President Lyndon Johnson had a hand in the 1963 slang of his predecessor, John have Kennedy. Remember I talked about this book? Yes, you did. The twist, blood money and power, how LBJ kills JFK is by Barma Kloen, White House spokesman Scott McClullin's father. Are you ready for that? The younger McClullin recently brushed his side effort to get him to come in on the text, Dryly Teller reporter. Thank you for the opportunity, but I'm not going to have any comment on it. Scott McClullin 35 is not the only big player in US politics. His brother Mark 40 heads the FDA. Even if for this, his brother Mark heads the FDA his mother, Carol Keaton's Strayhorn 63, is contraught in Texas President Bush's home state. Barma Kloen divorced from a state horn years ago, a person to make a splash when his bookhead stores in September 30. In it he would allegedly report that he reportedly alleges that Johnson's personal lawyer organized Kennedy's killing in Dallas after the young president plan to pick a different running mate in the 64 elections. How do you like that? Wow. So I'll put that over in my pile of things to I haven't even bought the what you call a bookhead. Al Franken? The Elsa Franken book. So many books to buy and so little time. And of course so many trips to the Delhi then and so many candidates. You know? I know if I were going to run for president for the highest office in the world actually. I'd probably hit for the Delhi then, have me's a good play to kishki with some nice gravy on it. Then I'd get over the dickers for a couple of watches to white hats. About a pound of the half of that hot sauce on it. Get my kishki's really turned in real good. Wesley Clark, let me say it again. Comparison self that you would leave a minute to Connecticut regarding it was you on a war of the Iraq attack. Not to enthusiastic about this, Wesley Clark thing. I like a lot of you bandbag and jumpers out there. See, a lot of people are saying, oh well, he's the one that can win. Well, how do you know that? Based on what? Hight and a war hero and all of that. Lucy's got the little rock Arkansas mafia behind him. That's it. I like Howard Dean myself. Okay. I'm a big fan of the Dean. That's the presentation. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, what's up buddy? Hey, don't. They just flashed a thing. The dicksy chicks just flashed on MSNBC. Did it really? Yeah. And it said a plane, the plane they were carrying. They were in hit a building while taxiing. So, they probably clipped a thing or a stairway or something. The plane didn't go down. Still way to heaven? Yeah, that beauty it said the plane went down and got. People don't know how to read. Well, that they get, you know, one or two words, you know, and all of a sudden, but I beat, but I've opened all of a sudden before you know what the sky is falling. Unbelievable. It's like it's just like the hurricane Isabella supposed to be Terrence Radoa part is just to not even rain in right now. All we had to do is read the whole goddamn sentence. Right. All right, George is a miserable asshole. Okay. Thanks, Mark. Uh, let's see, passenger and custody after rushing cockpit door. There's not a word about the Dixie church on the CNN website. And I'm going to MSNBC right now. Here's the guy wiping his ass on some spot. Oh, God. Uh, a man is in federal custody. Uh, this is yesterday. A man was in federal custody yesterday after he tried to break into an airplane cockpit during a flight from South Africa to Atlanta. The FBI said, how do you like that? How come this happening yesterday? And now we're just, it just making the rounds. Hmm. Have you heard about this? Oh, uh, just popped up on CNN federal agents to James Drake. 53 in the custody yesterday morning after South African Airlines flight 77.99. Atlanta, Atlanta's Hart's given an actual airport. The planes crew told authorities, Drake tried to rush the cockpit door to about 6 AM. Some two and a half hours before to plane the schedule land in Atlanta. He was scheduled by passengers and Epis. He was some dude by two past years. A deputy sheriff and a psychiatrist. The FBI said, always been to have a shrink on board. The FBI said the incident was not an attempted terrorist act. Drake as he was citizen. But his hometown was not immediately known. Immediately known. This is yesterday morning. Drake faces federal charges that include interference with a flight crew member. He was arrested in 1987 after a similar incident. I had domestic airline flight. He didn't stand trial in that case. So I was probably a good idea for not to stand trial. So we could do it again. No one sounds like to me. He maybe he's kind of that guy that calls us. I'm crazy. That guy. Oh, yeah. Let's have a big family. No doubt. Oh, no doubt was on the plane. Here's Carl Spray. Hello. Yes, sir. Speaking of Led Zeppelin, you stay with him. I like to nominate John Barnum. I don't know if he's been on in that. He's already on. He's not doing too great. But he's on there. He's not committed to things that he played a lot better when after he died than when he was alive. I believe that. Yes, that's very documented. He was a lot better drummer. Well, he's there. He's got five votes. He's there with Marvade. He's not a good guy. He was dead in alive. Right. Say it one more time. Say it again. I said he could. OK. 560, 560. He's still saying it. Here's the call from Carl Spray. Hello. I know how are you today. Pretty damn good. Good. I think I have a good one that a dead artist that might climb right up your pole. I think he was climb up my pole, huh? Well, you know, I'll go to speak on the boat. I'll do a little rendition for you. OK. Everybody loves somebody. Come on. I'm ready. Everybody knows if he could go. He's home. Have a great weekend. OK. Thank you, too. Dean Martin, what do you say? He likes it. I put him on. It couldn't sing for a Schmidt man. He was a great artist. But he had a common with his good lifelong buddy. Yes, and after they couldn't sing for a Schmidt. Although Dean had a better contract. 560, 50560, I mean, a Frank did. Had a better contract. Look at this. We may find out about the recall today. The voting system is predicting that the punch card is going to make a comeback. 85 year old Bill Rooferall designed the original system. Wait back in the 60s. He remains its biggest fan. Rooferall says he never dreamt that his creation could cause so much controversy. Oh, yeah. Let's get that butterfly ball. Again, come on Theresa. Love poor. You bitch. You slut. You idiot. Boy, how to help him. She still have her job. You know what? Again, and plus she's white. You know, because she's a plant. I mean, we know why Miriam elephants still got her job in Broward. And we know it has nothing to do with a color of her skin. It's a crazy call from a lady in Tamarack. Hello. Hi. How are you doing? Okay. I have somebody who's both dead and ugly. Okay. What's your job? Who is it? Joey Ramon. Joey Ramon. Oh, yeah. And very ugly. And you can also put the D. Ramon on there. Well, let's take a joy. Okay. Thanks. Bye. Bye. Joey Ramon. He can be on a like a grass over due. Can't get much debt or ugly. Right. Now, there's a few. I think we're Americans. We're not. If you ever actually looked under Joey's hair, you would have been scared. Is that like looking under most hair? Absolutely. Wow. And see that dog was for pedic lesions on her. No, seriously. They said he said that they arbitron Mrs. Zodians. He's got lesions of fans. I think local. He's five, six. Three years old yours. QAM. The water did two hours. There's no mudian monkey. All we're flying. I was standing there one day. Not thinking I would die. From being able to make this a deal. I should never eat the dog. A big breakfast we trapped inside my bowels. I can't you die from the fact that thoughts. You're that these wood joke doctors in. Now my odd stuff. You're smart, set sign. For my interest in those. I guess I should have known what to expect. Because in my army. With the kind of service you can get in this town. I would act to lead to. Wow, roll. Here by evening. That's enough. I swallow. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Why can't you live me? So to kill us. Why can't you lose us? Get it right. My bowels were blocked. Inside my army. Can't make my church go out. Just get that. Just get that. Just get that. Explorers not bagged that hurt near the Palestine hotel. Oh, this is MSNBC. What about the Ditchie chicks? BC and MSNBC's workspace is. And we have producers in our course. Find a chumabla on the way over there. And we'll get information as soon as we get there. Just some sort of explosion and bagged. Some sort of explosion and bagged. Can you imagine how many people are there? Yeah. How unusual. We want to hear about the Dixie chicks. Without problems suffering some losses. Dozens of men suspected of ambushing US soldiers. That's here today. We're still ready to catch the death. We're in this room. There's a story of John going on nightmare. After Isabelle on CNN. So I've only the Dixie chicks are still alive. Okay. Okay. Evidently. Much to be she grinned of some right wing assholes. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T. And something to Dixie chicks and Michael Moore and a lot of other people who were taking some real crap. Just a few months ago. Now they're starting to look real real good. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Because coming to find out that they knew what they were talking about. Well, we never said that he was, you know, involved with 9 11. We were working on that idea. Destructioner that he was connected with Al Qaeda or Osama Yamama or any of those things. We just thought it might be a good time to go in there and create a real mess. An expensive one. Oh, a real expensive mess, right? And get some cheap gas. I'll let them work out to me. Remember though. Now the fact is we're having a supply gas for that. That's about the other day. Yeah. Last night we want to congratulate Dan. We're out there in John Roberts and the people at CBS News. Who did a fantastic at about 6 45 last night Eastern time. I shot boys. Fantastic job on who's uh, who's telling the truth and who's uh, what's this all about? And are they doing like a baton switch on us here? Oh my god. Yeah, who'd are they you guys can without your bull crap lies on when is the impeachment start? I mean, stop and think about it. Here we got all these lives being lost every day. Billions and billions and billions of tax dollars being spent. That could be spent to provide people with health care on people with an education. That could be used for real, online securities. So we didn't have to be crap in our pants 24 hours a day. But no couple of blow jobs. We got an impeachment thanks to Kenny Stern about your rabbit right when lunatics. Something really stinks in America. I'll tell you that right now and it's drift and I think it is about brought it up here with the with the her. Yeah. Either they're Josh Friedman's back in there. Here's Pompano. Hello. You couldn't be more right. Or on everything you just said, especially about Dan, rather in the CBS evening. We saw that it was fantastic. I have one for your poll that died in December 6, 1976 when after he opened up for Jeff Beckdown to Miami Highlight, front on Tommy Bowling. Who? Tommy. He replaced Ricky Blackmore and Dave Purple and he replaced Joe Austin James Gang. Bowling, B.O. L.O. L. L. L. L. L. L. L. L. L. L. L. L. L. L. L. L. L. L. Tommy Bowling. Okay. And thank you very much for registered. And here we go. Thanks. Tommy Bowling, there's somebody we never heard of, but I don't know. That's my birthday. I never heard of Sharp Guy. Sounds pretty sharp to me. He knows what side is up on which side is down. How are you replacing his dirt in the ground? You know, carrots, you might want to reconsider your decision. Okay. About this Scott character that we found under a dumpster. Oh, anyway, but what did he just say before that? They were so they were important. Yeah, you're absolutely correct, sir. The American finally, the media are starting to like open up the closet door a little bit. And they're not lucky. Lucky, lucky quite so much as they were before. It's becoming politically fashionable now to tell the public the truth, which I really know is as very revolutionary in America. But slowly, but surely, and that's why you see those pull numbers dropping like a rock, dropping rapidly. Now let's see, oh, to market sound a little bit today, they're unable to continue with this very bizarre, you know, this sudden surge we've seen on the down the NASDAQ. They were celebrating because they got rid of that chairman. Oh, Dick Grasso. Yeah, would nice I hear cut. Oh, like I said yesterday, boy, did they before Wednesday the people on CNN Maria Bacteroma and all those good buddies and both G, but didn't really do anything wrong. And did they agree to give them that money and his name? You know, you know, he looked like crap in all over because he's buddy buddies. One of their asshole buddies there on a gambling channel. All these hundred and forty million dollars for a bald hit a geek like him. His biggest biggest thing he had to do every day was to ring that damn bell, right? If I had a hammer, smacking right on the head with a piece of crap, Dick Grasso, what a dick. Here's the call from beautiful Stuart, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How about the temptation? There, oh, did. Except for one is for his dead tooth. Well, let's see. Now, what about the Jimmy Ruffin? Oh, David Ruffin. No, David Ruffin. He was done. He was done a free base bench. He's David Ruffin dead, too? Yeah, he was done off a trillion, three years ago. He was on a free base bench. So he was done off at a hospital with emergency room curbs. Hey, by the way. I'm like Harry in the room. Requiem for a dream. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's like, okay, thanks a lot, Pally. Yeah, I would have one of the four top guys and they still going on a stage of three top in the nurse. Oh, we're getting a nice couple of seven. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Five, sixty. I got to look up David Ruffin. I'm not sure he's dead. All right. Jimmy Ruffin, I don't know. Because David Ruffin wasn't the temptation. That was Jimmy Ruffin, right? Right. You think? Place a pillow music. No, David Ruffin won't be comes to the book and hard it. They listen to the more hard David was. David Ruffin's cave. No, no, no, that temptation's David Ruffin. How do you like that? David Eli Ruffin. Did. June 1st, 1991, one of the most recognizable localists who averaged from Motown. He was the younger, no. Younger brother of Jimmy Ruffin and a cousin of Melvin Franklin of the temptations. Maybe Jimmy Ruffin wasn't the temptation's either. He was just kind of Ruffin it. Let's see. Does it have the circumstances of his death here? Uh... No, no, no, no. Oh, it's still going on and on. How about you? It's got the whole detail here. A few weeks after his last performance, David Ruffin died in tragic circumstances, following an overdose of crack cocaine. How do you like that? Oh, my God. Those tragic circumstances. Just like Marvin Gaye and a little crack cocaine, and that he said, what do you do? You be dead. Well, how do you like that? Why not take a listen to walk away from love, taking from the album of who am I? Or take a listen to everything coming up low, or always right on this website. A memoir, David Ruffin, my temptation. What was that touching? I'm touching. But he had like a little most problem. And then he died. Damn it. So let's put David Ruffin on there. What do you say? How do I? David Ruffin. That was a great song. What becomes of the broken hearted? I was still alive or dead. You know, has on the book from Rochester and then Buffalo Steve Alaymo. What was his song? His big hit? I don't know. Cry or something cry. Here we, here we, everyday have to cry some, right? Okay. Sounds about. Come on. Let's get with it. Let's get with it. We haven't done any of these music shows in too long. You're standing a little stale. It's broken. Can't keep up with it. Or can all these old ancient pieces of crap, huh? Get with it. What about Nick Todd? Pat Boons of Brother. I'm dot records. What's his big hit? Nick Todd. You couldn't sing his way out. How about what's his name? Rob at a Luke. I'm dot records. What was his hit? We're going to the next week. We're going to get back to the music. I'm afraid because you're getting really rusty. Sorry. There's a little bit of a must-pond beach. Hello. Hi. Yes sir. I got a name for the list. Go ahead. Louis Armstrong. Louis Armstrong. Hello. Good choice. Thank you sir. I'm sorry. The Frankie Lyman guy hasn't called in yet. No, he'll. I think he's probably in the box with Frankie now. Yes, a lot pal. Yeah, that's Frankie Lyman guy. He never fails every time we do anything about dead artists. Frankie Lyman, the teenagers. And of course down there somewhere, one of those mini-dissues. You got a bunch of Frankie Lyman. Yeah, play it. Oh, don't play it. How about the five settings in the still of the night? Boy, that song just. Yeah. Yeah, there's just shit. Oh, be show me though. Well, I think I can say that, can I? No. Should do me do me. Well, all the pins and high set. Explosion. Again. Wait a minute. More Patricia. Mom. Bob less than 10 minutes ago around 9 p.m. Local time. A very large explosion was heard coming from the direction of the Palestine hotel. NBC. That was good. See that explosion. It was a brilliant flash of yellow orange light followed by a very large white cloud, which is drifted up into this city. Nobody said she had bullying. I cloud has been hovering around darkness is setting now on back. But again, a very large explosion. It was definitely felt a few kilometers away. In other words, they haven't got any idea. They're just vamping now because they don't have any idea what it was. It was very large and it was very colorful and it was Yati Aania. Nothing about the Ditchie Tix yet. But hey, Goldberg said. Yes. No. He said Steve Olimo is alive and well and runs away. Oh right. He's down here and he sees him at the track all the time. I'll be damned. I wonder if he knows Steve Lawrence's brother. I don't know. Hank knows Steve Lawrence's brother. He was the elevator operator for 100 years at Gulf Stream and Calder. Hank knows who I'm talking about. Okay. He has it. Is he in there? He's building. The Clarets came in here to tell me that. He must be in the building. Well, if he's in. Hey, hey, come on in here. I don't know where he is. If he's in a building somewhere around. But he and I have discussed that before. Yeah. Steve Lawrence is that's the guy's time to faint. He runs the elevator with the track and he Steve Lawrence's brother. He remembers Steve Lawrence. He needy Gorm. Sure. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the only one to this police. They've been flooded to kill Kobe Bryant accuser. The Graber is in the United States illegally. What he grubbers illegally. He's been having expired. He apparently sent a letter a few weeks back to Kobe Bryant offering to take care of the problem, meaning to kill the young women who claims that Kobe Bryant sexually called the her. Bryant's people then contacted the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department and the sting operation went underway, which was video and audio tape. And as I said, it all began with that letter. The letter was the trigger point that the real part of the investigations were our undercover investigators, and the investigators contacted him directly and firstly, and that with him on three occasions, this started on September. Okay, great. Here's a facts from Zoli and North Miami says, Congrats on arrating someone and I'm an incredibly null from sublime. You're who that is? No, who that is? Nope. Well, you do now. N-O-W-E-L-L. Well, you got to write there. We're going to pour all of these on air because we're asking who is your all-time favorite dead musician, not the who's, you know, I mean, it's a matter of opinion. If you think it's your half-its, we're not putting them on it. If you think it's glad to hear her with us. Or any other day, you? Although we really care on race to go via this in other one. Although we can't really compete with greats like Bob Marley. He still deserves to be on a pool. Sublime had greats on. I don't want to listen to them all, but I do agree with them on a whole dead people thing. I understand that you're paying for me to great lost ones, but talking about dead people just isn't my thing. Some looking forward to more lighthearted pulls in the near future. Oh, Zoli is taking it's personal. Okay. If you're a best of a Zoli, okay, it doesn't bother them. On one related topic, you'll be surprised just how many gay people you have as listeners, young too. By the way, normal may suck as your agent, but he's helped out a few my friends with legal problems. So he's not so bad. Have a good weekend, Leo. Share this request, bush things. You got it, Zoli. Show these a little talk. Talk up about these dead people. He's choking it. One, thirteen and five, sixty, WQA, I'll tell you one thing. You'll be gagging and choking when you see the amazing low prices waiting for you at Helipani, X, EMC. They're unbelievable or so low. Because right now it's the 2003 New Arages blow out sale when and out they're blowing it out at Helipani, X, EMC. Get the lowest price in the universe from Tameline, in Joe Prieto and all the good folks over there. Neil, deal number one right now. Save up to seven grand with the highest rebates of the year, plus deep, deep down in your pants discounts. Neil, deal number two, gets zero percent financing for up to five years. At least a 2003 Pontiac Grand Prix GT2 for just 279 bucks a month or 36 months with 12,000 miles a year and two grand out of pocket is all you pay. You heard me write just 279 bucks a month. Helips also got great deals on you cons and in L.A. And Halips also got as always the best selection in Tam a certified pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs you can depend on. And if you're one of those people who just is nervous panicky about shopping for a vehicle because you know they're going to check your credit record. Have no fear because Halip is here. If you have a blum or shirt to it makes no difference. It's the 2003 New Arages blow out sale going on right now at Halip Potiac GMC, 134.01 South, 60.00. That's prestigious US one across from the falls open every day, seven days a week. If you want more info on these unbeatable spectacular nearly unbelievable Neil Deals call, the Neil Deals hotline makes sense to me at one Triple 8 534 42 11. That's one Triple 8 534 42 11. Don't forget all Neil Deals. Subbed it to credit. Approval see the good folks at Halip for all the details. Halip Potiac GMC. They are professional grade. We are sports renewal 560. UAM. I got the Dixie 6 story by the way. It's full alive. You think you're the best? You think you're the best? You're the best. As you chose to start, As you're the best in the city. As you're the best in the city. As you're the best in the city. As you're the best in the city. As you keep all these Woofrey's friends family. Our kids were just crazy. And we have to be ready. Even though it's cold in the snow. The sky is freezing. We need to serve up the delicate, We need to give Sova thealyze by a thousand. Not even We expected Sova to count to be the best. Mother stole that challenge. K-R-R-B-L-R-B-O, You've been bestigated for nation's last but They got your stone You follow him blind And so many more will die But there's the scene in lies Who's calling the shot And really calling the place Why is it so, are you ready, huh? Bush days Bush days, Bush days You've been bestigated for nation's last but They got your stone You follow him blind And so many more will die But they got your stone You want the same It's not me, me, yes Bush wants it all Bush days Bush days, Bush days Yeah, yeah Bush days, Bush days Yeah, yeah Bush days, Bush days Yeah, yeah Bush days, Bush days Yeah, yeah Bush days So try to work with this page I'll put it one for now So I'm going to read it off the website I think that we're from Murdoch on Sky News And they're pretty sure, don't know Fixie ticks in jet scare US cut you rock band The Fixie chicks were at the center of an emergency alert When the wing tip of their executive jet Dipped an airport, they're clipped an airport building Soon after landing They clipped it The scare happened a glass of airport Moments after they three girls in their party landed from Dublin They were Dublin their pleasure No one was injured in their publicist barber She won't say the girls are absolutely fine But I'm sure wasn't pleasant He incident happened when part of the wing Just hit a corner of the building Glass-goer port officials said the 28-23-28 twin-engine jet was carrying 15 people It was taxing at very low speed toward the general aviation terminal Where private aircraft park when the wing tip took the glass go and strike the car Clyde University Air Squadron building Oh, I hate that one at building it Yeah, he said far in ambulance attended the Zematter routine But there were no injuries as far as we're concerned It's not a major incident It was dealt with very quickly He said the buildings are damaged to a roof panel One or two feet of the planes wing tip was damaged end of story Yati Yati, Yati and a partage in poetry There you go So like the previous guy said the previous previous guy Even though his intentions may have been good he was like a way off face So a couple of words on it Oh, they ditched their plane went down and glass go their dead You know we're gonna quoted and on some website by saying that Oh, I see well that's what he was saying I didn't say that I think Catherine Harris might have been on the plane 5 6 7 0 5 6 Your favorite No, that's seriously I mean you know people just they hear a little bit or see something like that and then right away I have bowed you hear this Who is your all-time favorite dead musician John Lennon in a runaway This is one of the most watch side of those we've had it a long time 102 votes for John Lennon Elvis Presley 46 Jim Morrison 44 he an Elvis have been neck and neck toe to toe for a long time They've been haven't added Bob Marley 31 Kurt Col Vain 28 Jimmy Henry's 25 I think Elvis got pissed when Jim Morrison looked him straight in the pussy and said you're mama Frank's an actor 23 Freddie Mercury 20 steamy Ray Vaughan 18 Who's Elvis sleeping with you mama Do I say Frankie Frankie's apple 16 for Frankie Frankie? Yes, he's a crew 16 Jury Garcia 15 Roy the boy in very white nine. I might way anybody refers to where Overson is Roy the boys a fag like me John bottom seven Harry Chapin seven bonds Scott six Marvin Gay is only got six oh my god in heaven Jim Crotech, Petty Klein and two pack each have five Randy Rhodes Not the wrestler not the talk host but Randy Rhodes four Jean Crupha three buddy Holly three Johnny cash three George Harrison's only got three votes. Oh my sweet lord Aren't you just made by that they didn't like him as much as I joined well I got my mindset on that Ronnie fans that three Keith Moon three Eddie Cochran two Wasn't sitting in the balcony was that Eddie Cochran? I don't know I think it was Joe Strummer two tiny Tim had a pair Glenn Miller one I think I think tiny Tim and that ugliest human being of all time all man Wow and of course they did do also went itself at the ambiance to Tiny Tim two Glenn Miller one more Zeban one no votes yet zero four a whole bunch of them holy Toledo Jan is dropping sunny Bono Twain almond Sid vicious Morris give Morris give don't have any out of hundreds of the votes That's embarrassing what an insensitive. I mean right from there on star island. What a bunch of insensitive bastards you people are Shame on you Rick Nelson has none Dean Martin Joy Ramon Tommy bull and David Ruffin but it's rough and not wrapping Eric Raffin Jesus I wrote Ruffin, but it's kind of weird Eric Sarah. He's a dumb. It looks like a new yarm strong and Bradley know we'll have the big Never Detroit seek out W the big eight we got the big roll of am that's bad And now here's a plethora of pages pouring across my facts machine that you just said It said I got from sublime. This is the chronic Jane and for Lord of the guy from a blind melon Caroline who shandard who who I hate Gladys dead why you don't like blind melon. Oh like my melon I hate him why he peed on the audience He peed on literally. Well, she's more than never got that far. No, he whipped it out. But he never got to pee on He actually never did whip it up. I know it was the style of thumb don't play America We didn't vote for boistie says have a nice weekend. Thank you Jane and she's got something else there Who's I can't read Murdoch. He does he does own Skytree animal. Oh here. Oh, you know what this all is this isn't stuff you send me This is kind of like a delayed reaction see my fat machine. I've got a program so the anything that has to do with the Ruffin Merock it screens it out before comes off the machine So now I have two copies of the six stories and there's still live there's still live a big deal We'll cook jobs 560 pound five 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Let's get a few more in here before it's time to go don't forget that big Marlins and the abrasive game tonight seven When is it 735 boy that is huge? Fort Latterdale. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. I Well, I was going to say the amount I'm going to give you a vote for Dean Martin. How's that sound? Okay, and GW is the king of the world Okay, God bless. Oh God, I believe he became the world. Oh, you He's got me spend a lot of time on the throne. I'll take that 26 past one at five 60 WQA and was that like Reverend Jones or just another note? No, just a crotchity just a general chronic those picker VIP sportsbook dot com get your finger right here. No, it's in stick it in the phone and call at toll free number 1866 VIP best because easily a best people you can do business with when it comes to plunging your guts out becomes to a discriminating plunger You know when I toilet kids plugged up one thing I always want to make sure as I have a discriminating plunger 99% of the other bookies you hear advertised in this radio station are in the jungles of Costa Rica man They're in there deep down in there one of those gigantic or they call those trees that unless you're the rainforest in the rainforest That's what they call them and you lucky if you ever find them again much less your money So this year move up a class to people you can trust to been around a long time the oldest the largest sportsbook in the most prestigious Netherlands VIP sportsbook dot com there are hundred percent legal and license just call them toll free at 1 866 VIP bets And you'll be doing business with the best and if you sign up now You can bet all the sound photo football and basketball teams juice free all year long as well You want to bet on the dolphins best to luck here. It's 100 to 100 you want to bet the hurricanes It's 100 to 100 so forget about the big and please keep in mind that all signups with VIP sportsport dot com get a real honest The goodness 20% cash bonus not some phony baloney funny money match play bonus either the IP sportsbook dot com That's where you look at the online or that toll free number again is 1 866 VIP bets column today And this weekend you can plunge your guts out with real confidence one 866 VIP best be sure mention QM when you call VIP sportsbook dot com or you be the VIP Number one You You Trash from Costa Costa all from earth and trailer parts fully at the moderator Revolved the here that there's gonna be a gigantic price increase on Vaseline 132 there'll be really upset and Taylor Michigan are guaranteeing T a earth y'all come back now here 560 560 pound 560 on the ATT we never had one call for anybody in the audience today Who's if a gigantic gathering at the Dully deniers today? You don't really they got the green apple quits there Maybe they don't have their cell phones with them or maybe they do they just want to know to one give us no tax flash Hundreds of floor well-wishers mob general Wesley Clark yesterday as he made his first campaign stops since declaring That he was joining nine of the Democrats in the 2004 race for the White House Clark standing on a chair in the middle of nine. I noticed that in the only stories that they mentioned the name of the restaurant Huh standing on a chair in the middle of an overflowing restaurant the Dully den in this city Hollywood north of Miami criticize President Bush on the economy and Iraq and told supporters he needed money Where the enemy of the whole world, but we're trapped in the jobless economy and an endless occupation and that is the problem We have to address Clark said Running for president because this company needs leadership and needs honest leadership it needs visionary leadership It needs leadership of experience. He said to cheers from the crowd. They're all going Jews of the Dully then go and like that I tell you he'd really gone over big if he'd like been tossing out free bagels and Free carry home sacks for the course law on the vehicles. Well that case out of there 5 670 560 pound 560 on a AT&T line here's Miami Beach, hello Pretty good You talked about you, sir. Did you happen to catch a Tom Brutal call last night? No, he did not. I was watching the award-winning Dan Rather who did magnificent job We're ripping the bush people and asked Yeah, he's doing good at that too. I switched over to Tom and I did already called hurricane is about now hurricane is real Through the door to the part of the broadcast right when I really blows Yeah, people will open people I think Okay, thanks a good nose. Okay. I don't watch my news from people that can't speak you know who are there or speak defect. I just don't watch time walk on I have no idea why anybody does but then again we have a lot of illiterate people out there 5 670 560 John Lennon 166 now let me I don't care about that the top because we know he's gonna win 497 votes and we still have a now tiny bowl and's got one obviously the guy who called enjoy where once got one we end the dead But still no votes for sunny bono blame almond Sid Vicious Dean Martin Janice joplin David Ruffen Rick Nelson and Bradley know how can Rick Nelson have no votes outside out of mind. I mean and I play that beach boy parody there is Carl will I mean I know that it's the lesser lights because Brian is sorry to tell but he really is still alive and Mike love is still alive Right and Al Jardine is still alive. Who else? Let's see Carl Wilson's dead in Dennis Wilson's dead, right? Right. I don't even anybody out As far as I know now there was one of the earlier the the real ugly kid well, of course They're all ugly, but they're real ugly when it filled in for them because Brian was busy with his teddy bear and bed Can't think of what his name was, but at any rate nobody cares about the beach boys no more It's it's you know, it's a generational thing right what it is as the time goes by nobody cares about those Stale old groups no mo Exmancensity No care no mo kind like Mo Howard David it maybe once upon a time maybe about many many years ago About 30 man there was somebody Who was that oh book a Brian, but that's close to things good vibrations. I have What is it was it called a vibrator anal vibrator Oh, I'm playing man. Oh my goodness. That's great Wow, here's coconut Greek a creek hello Yes, sir. How about gene artery root off the red nose reindeer right and Go dexty chick. Okay. Thank you go dexty to gene artery I mentioned him just a couple weeks ago that on the movie all the channel here that shows those cereals those old-time Movie cereals the G after he was the only cowboy who all were had like a Science fiction thing and is yeah, we were singing at the what those the name of that ranch? Or you wouldn't know do does yeah do the Mustang man Seriously, they have the name of whatever his ranch was hitting on the ranch branch and Dressing I love it and they they had all these strange people from outer space underneath the ranch out there and you know Gene would always just came back just in time to grab the microphone and crane one of them cornea Country Western song through his house a he went over your part genochie was no Eddie Arnold Thank God what you liked Eddie Arnold. Yeah gene couldn't yodel Oh good like I said thank the Lord France and Germany want you us to give power to a rakeys quickly though they are the win and we're saying please please please help us on there And we don't think so not so fast think shot 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T line don't forget to go to your rages.com and help us out with our abandoned pet rescue fundraiser this year best in eels on air 2002 2003 a lot of good stuff You got your more Howard David of keychain Absolutely is going over like hollow hot the North Pole Here's Palm Beach hello Yes, sir. I nail are you doing great. But then I'd like to do you have a hammer and see me on your look Henry means See these good boy. He had a lot of big hits. Yeah 20 ever there right Okay, I'm gonna break these to Tiffany's right you buy okay, thanks, Belly No, not me buy me a gay Panto a Henry man scene. Now you laugh when I said he a lot of big hits. He did there were a lot of it back in the days when I don't Moon river How about Andy Williams? He's not dead, but boys got to begin close Every you know every once in a few years they tried Andy out. You know Really depressing thinking I want to say the sounds insensitive, but it's true Because I hadn't seen John Ritter in a long time because I don't watch these sitcoms this any of that stuff And he for 54 he looked really bad. I thought yeah, they showed did you see him on there when they were showed the clips from the taping of the episode No, he didn't look good now he looked bad But he did a good job in swing blade so when you see that yeah, he played a gay guy surprise John Ritter yeah, I always thought you know I hate to say that right after is that I always he did her him and Henry wing to the were extraordinarily tight. You know and Henry wing to our positive Given notice how much makeup he had in the happy days Okay, cake down there because we've been 40 when that shows being filmed. Yeah, and how many years ago was that? Well, they're dark drop and like flies so even those Zolli or Zolli whatever that the fact that guy's name was a little upset That's a way goes, you know, it's just a effective life and death Death taxes and most hairpiece. That's the only three things you can count on it is is certain is can be It's not even raining here. I don't think just to report everybody It's worried about me getting stuck in the middle of hurricane the aftermath of Isabelle Now 18 it's 65 degrees 18 degrees Celsius We got a wind warning while you win warning. It's like 30 30 kilometers, which is like 18 miles a right no big deal Just a little wind and we had some my heavier rain early right now. It's just like peanut every once in a while people are going around their ordinary business National post front page we I should have um, I don't know how could have done that Like oh, it's speaking of our website very important see how I fall into a bucket of crap every once in a while I didn't realize they were on there. Have you seen them? Oh, yeah, I thought you do and I did not know I Scawn Eric on our website are now is the one with you on there just won't be any runner or two Well, they're all I even see that word George is nobody is seeing highman there. I didn't see that one I never saw that before because he told me about he's doing the old eight off Hitler's seegile all right My oh my I've we got to have you do these stuff you to check out over the weekend You understand the stop-o-cooks track of everyone you understand now Kyle Bush and there's George a little less spaced out there just a little bit on the Stomachial state and then there's me I Then and we added a little something to the most brain there is thinking it sure beats getting raped at it I like that Most brain One of the most delicate operations I've had to perform in years next and we're gonna work on seeing if I can find one in Greg's hate, but I doubt it 19 till two at five 60 WQM It's that time of the year again when the mac trashurms in furniture stores run those phony baloney add sales You can almost smell the balonia Dynamic for sands give you double the price then offer half off what kind of a sale is that? That's no deal the fact is these doors have to run some kind of wild sale to drop their prices even nearly as low It's dollar mac trash offers to you every day 365 days a year for this count prices on dozens and doubles dozens of top models from Seely sure to temper pedic Simmons King Coralers turns in foster here's the number to call toll free 1 800 mac tris that's it No nonsense no bait and swish no house brands no phony promises invest of all you'll never have to pay premium for the very best service Available anywhere's if you get service like you only dream about from a delivery team right number one in the universe when you call dial a mattress At 1 800 mattress you still get depicted day and time your delivery whoever heard of a deal like that Within any two our windows seven days a week from eight in the morning til 10 o'clock at night whenever it's convenient for you One of them there between 10 and noon in the morning. They'll be there like noon and two one and three et cetera 145 to 345 I've been saying the amount of mattress and dollar mattress for a long time and you're back Well, thank you. That's right. You're back. Well, actually speak. It'll say thank you for why I finally rising up with low prices same day delivery We set up in rovalous easy to see by dollar mattress is right number one in the world in customer satisfaction So please don't be fooled by those phony mattress sure or show them's a furniture store as they can't come even close To giving you what you get every day from dollar mattress calm today toll free you'll be sleeping like a baby real soon as soon as tonight 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTR ES around line. It's mattress dot com And local we're sports video 560s you a Know that the Lord even loves you Rogers Theater about my And I'm sorry Scott Curtis is passionate penciled in for next week. 147 at 5.60 WQM somebody on the facest had liked to nominate Lane Staley, leading her for Allison Chainsy, out of an overdose in March of 2002 sadly it's been a long time coming. He was a tortured soul who chained his battle with addiction and a brilliant song like I stay away, see you all and man in the box. Thanks for taking my facts as Paul and Paul. Thanks for making your facts. Get him on there Lane Staley. We got it. Got it. He was found three weeks after he died decomposing. Can I talk her a little bit? Can I talk her a little bit? So he was a composer when he was alive. I'll be damned. Then he was a decomposer when he died. Oh, there's a lady in Davy. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. I'm not a big country music fan but I was very sad when Whalen Jennings died. He was really. She was Whaley. Do you remember that? Not really to be. I'm not a big country person. I guess Big Lair remember he died. Yeah, but he was a little more crossover country rock kind of stuff. Yeah, he's a little more cross dressing. No, that was Whalen flowers. Whalen flowers, right. And I keep getting confused. I keep crossing them in my mind. Okay, can I have an early nominee for the, the, they got a whoever died on Monday. Right. How about the thanks for calling lady? Yeah, that's a good one. I bet she'll get a lot of votes. Okay. Yeah, because it can be anybody other than the organic rice. Okay. Thank you. You're above the old. Thanks. Oh, I love her. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. Bye. You're calling lady who all, no matter what holiday was, you always said, at the farm. Hey. Her name was Fay. Fay Winters. I thought you were like making some kind of a conwell. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Mad dog standing by to get everybody whipped up for that big dolphin bills game Sunday night. And of course, much more importantly for the Amarlan Braise game. And that much more important. Oh, yeah. What a way I look at it is because it's like, you know, it has much greater significance. We're down to like, crunch time, as they say. And I hate those assholes who say, it's crunch time. Can't say that. Here's a call from Margie. Hello. Margie. Margie. Yes, here. How you doing, Neil? I'm doing pretty good. Okay. Hopefully I want to do nominated Jim Reef. Another great country artist, Jim Reef is pretty good. Even though I'm not a country person, he was great. Yeah, he is stuff kind of cross over to rock to. But, uh, you mentioned, they'll have a silly crew say right. Half time of the dolphins this weekend is still to cruise Memorial. Well, I know that we had that on the other day. And I think the first penalty is going to be a deadball fall against you. Yeah, and then they're going to take a range of and take an out and spread it over to brothers that are rescue our official reef. Okay, pal. See you there. See how the 50 art line would see. Yeah. That's bad and funny. It's a deadball foul. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. Maybe that's most piece they're talking about deadball foul. Hmm, maybe those are those thingabers. He keeps snapping all or against the wall. Cheese. Here's, uh, here's Hollywood. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I want to name nominated Bob McOpham in, I believe. Do you old lady down on the beach? Oh, you're on next week's pool already. I went on a cruise. They saw captain and Taneal believe. Not they to drag them out. She looked good. But he said he was, he would be original keyboard player for the beach point. Really? Yeah, I didn't know that. And that's what he told everybody. He would be damn. But he still alive. That's the bad news. Yeah, a little trouble. You got to know. Have a bit of a barber. I still has yellow teeth. He'll be pleased to know that. But got a body. Yeah. I'm kind of ever great thing. Oh, god. Who needs gambling? Poor Barbara. She doesn't. She had like, I'm not just talking about like Stainty. You know, like, smokers have like yellow. Like yellow, like canary yellow. Yeah. Nice. Oh, it was a beautiful thing. And she actually had like most of more in her mind. And look. This is portrayal by 60. You and two. And. Come baby. Come play with these titties. He is drilling it over and over it to our head. That Iraq has some. That there's a past destruction. 3,000 people killed. On our now forgotten, let's exploit them instead. They're going to be caught. Going after, said down to. Plank Kato's summer. There's no longer mention of the name in lotters. But no one seep concerned all. I'll be in complacent. Believe in every word of this cartel. It's been a station that controls us by fear. Through the de-emerniculation and the right wing. It's drilling it over and over it to our head. And Iraq has some. Weapons of mass destruction. The loss of civil rights is the right that we're paying. We're all suspects now. Not the ash property. I have nothing to hide. Carol couples are here to take the fucking shit about. And I have a thing to hide like this. My fucking giggle gerif and a lot of Erfahrung. That we're stealing actually it's. But our capital is absolutely denied. The truck of place. So, we're making the fastest ruckshaw through the track. We're making the fastest ruckshaw through the track. Oh, she ain't got no weapons to master structure. I saw him, had nothing to do with 9-11, and he had nothing to do with Osama, your mama, or Alcat. They hit each other like poison always have. And let's do it all down, Alphay. It's hard. It's worth it. It's worth it. It's worth it. I mean, forget about E7, but it ain't just the beginning. That's just, that's just, jump change compared to what it's going to be. Hundreds and hundreds of billions, baby, nothing match all the lives that have been lost for absolutely nothing. And a public is going, look like that. I don't have time to read this whole facts, but this was a good fact. You just sent me about the White House cast, turning on each other like R&D. But it says, PSI saw bullying for Columbine last night, definitely required viewing for US citizens. Absolutely correct. And after seeing that, my newest people impressed me, my decline in the world of mental health, and I would hardly concur and you agreed the same thing. He said, I wouldn't say anything to my listeners, but they had to say what they thought about all this crap. I was going to Maryland. And anyway, here's the poll so far. And we're even getting stuff for the poll on Monday. So maybe mode all like dead people. It's a loop to freaking bad. Our audience likes dead people. In fact, they probably rather have one on a new mo. Who's your all-time favorite dead musician, and 109, Jim Morrison 50, Elvis Presley 50, and a flatfooted tie, there knows that those asked to ask. Bob Marley 35, Jim Handrich's 30, and Kurt Cobain only 29. The man goes next to Humper at four. We got the day once that show is five. Huge humongous game, Marles at the Brave 732 9. Bye bye. Bye bye. The new was your show on five. So you can't be the only way out of the planet in four more days. We're number one. We're number one.