Anyway, is he on there? Can I talk to him? Oh, yeah, I'm just practicing. Yeah, he's just cleaning his torso He's just cleaning out my pipes. I was in this is this true You just only this hanging now. You're telling everybody that guilty is the build out. It's obvious I mean the guy just he did a pull the no show. I mean he just did it. I mean who just doesn't show a guy that can handle his partner anymore Probably any's probably off having an interview. He's probably in Los Angeles as we speak You do understand that since the Howard started like which is a year ago March Since he started guilty was the only one and held on and held on you know for some preservation sake I guess and he finally just ran out of patience. This is right. His wife's not no mole. His wife stopped smiling She used to smile. I started the golf tournament. She looked like she had barbed wire on her lips She had a sour look on her son. She just wish I think she met me and it's her forehead had a red light going off like a hooker house So how does this supposed for next week now with this kids? We're gonna be you gonna come in early now and hold Mose hand because the old man. I mean you've got to get up three in a morning. He can't he can't cut the whole three hours alone I think he hates everybody all I know is that I went free beer at his Jewish golf club That's all I got there. I just want to play free golf. Yeah, that's all I did Well, if you're into the minute you walk in the doorboard his face is gonna let up like a goddamn Pinnable machine. You see tomorrow. I'm gonna go to a four dealership. I'm gonna look like a big chocolate Dildo sitting in a dealer car dealer for two hours What am I gonna do there? I'm gonna try to kidnap children or something if you're not I was changing the subject, but that's okay. No listen. I don't worry. It's good I just used to build up a little suspense for Monday and the audience can tune in and find out who shows up I don't you come home or something why are you in like that 70 cent horror house up there? Get your ass back down here. I know you keep saying that because I mean I love it I'm jealous you've got the life of Riley Well, your psychic powers are kicking in because I'll be seeing you on Monday. So my pirate as you come in down here Yeah, oh, that is sweet. So my pirate just just to see you my pirates were out there this week We didn't got their asses kick. Well who doesn't kick the pirates ass and the best news of it is that seven You don't even know this yet seven thinning stretch and I came on the visit the 22nd Yeah, that you're giving the tickets away to hate the men's night 7th in stretch that's the night right at home plate The beast is gonna get down all fours and the cleurises gonna mount the beast right in middle of the month You got some nasty pictures of all four of Mo and that went side of yours. That is some horny stuff I'm gonna have to first bitch on the 22nd which is Sunday I think but I'm doing the Wednesday night I hate the mess night and then my next event's gonna be the I'm throwing off the first pitch sunny and then the following week the braids are in I'm having John Smolts's Jesus night So yeah, you know I'm doing what that's ever gonna do I know what you think in a mile and I listen to you and you think it's like an abortion But I'm gonna revolutionize it you're the new kid You were doing so good right up until now. I will have two sections in a field Dream world. This is me. I will have two sections filled with big huge Rack I got every horse So I'm gonna take it to a man no problem you'll throw a whole ballpark. Are you giving away? I always told my mom a dad I'd have friends if I had three things to give away Everyone's my especially in this town trust me. I'm bringing the hammer We're gonna go to Tutsis and hit on some skaky flash from 5.30 to 7. Then we're going over to that Wretched ballpark and we're gonna we're just gonna decry we're gonna abuse the match so bad That I believe one of them will jump into the stands and kill the scrubber and about another week Skanky flesh is what this audience wants you're about not about the more marlins But you know you'll find out for yourself. I have both ends of a cover And I got the marlins and the skanky flat with current cities got both ends of a covered You know do you think beast or ever get laid? No That's why I'm trying to do this need that the beast and clearance Neither one of them can get laid in Amsterdam and that's why we're hookin them up together You know you're taking your studio and here's like a pharmacy I walked through there. I mean I went in there I didn't even have to stand in line there's stuff I'm not like a pharmacy. It's like a restaurant now because you guys I mean don't be a pussy Okay, they put a memo out like that. Tell them like this. Don't believe that crap just eat what you want Don't just smack in his bags right now get ready to go to Omaha to hang out with a bunch of red nexon and Counts have for you. You ever been in Omaha? fact shit's with no teeth have you ever been in Omaha? I I gotta be dead. No, it's no Omaha's actually a pretty great place The people are beautiful because it's a corn fed midwesten. I did the college world series five years in road with hurricanes Which you probably don't even know that that is College of it now explain to me how does a college baseball coat? I don't care if he's got a 40 foot shlong not as he make a million dollars Jim Morris is making a million dollars. That's why everyone's not me. This gets a million air He makes a million air coach in the college team with aluminum bats. I'll be damn I mean that's like a plank that's like a plank. It's kind of like planko on a pricey way to make that plank I mean up next to you. What are you making about five million air so like I mean I just don't understand how a baseball coach of any kind you They jack McKee is actually one of Madam Shadows wax dolls. He's on social security for good about these guys Some flower seeds hang out. That's where Marlins brought him any work cheap. He's collecting social security Well, listen, it's four minutes after ten. Hey, can we can we ask you lastly? Can you yeah? Can you sleep with your eyes open? Yes, thank you. Have a good weekend. See you Mondayhetic double GHF These double heel Q name as bull cap друг in a icy hinder and such a Phil Turner brother Greed as Colonel Grecこれで Chelsea lettered as yelled head should spawnes and anti-dix이upp pouvez Wets you a problem. license I can get my emblem on straight. Whaaaaat? Get out there on the grinder. Okay! Whaaaaat? I mean just set. Stepnimbly on those heel sister! Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey! What a dress! Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey! 100! Hey, buddy, you gotta hide it from the boys leaves. Let me hold deep open! I heard that kind of deep out. Oh, I know, sorry. Can you point the kind of resolve it's on the double? Oh, yeah, certainly. Report and resorted vinyl reef. Well, that is private. Thanks, sir. I know, look at it. There's a mole in the company. Oh, sir? Yes. And I'd like to know that might be. Well, I, uh, I think it's you, sir. Oh, no. No, no. It fell never, no, it's me. All run away. Everybody hide. I don't think there's a bone. You can't hide it. You can't hide it. I don't know what I've been told. I don't know what I've been told. I've been told. I've been told. I've been told. I've been told. How did it go before? Tannerform It Chupp with that sleepy boy. This evil fiddle will drop and give me 20 portion. No, not that way, no. It's on top of carole. Oh, that's just paid off big time. Didn't it that QA and Bootcamp? Oh, I almost forgot about that whole episode. Oh, how could you? I've been trying to push you back out of my mind. Kind of like the way we're pushing mode back into the middle of the night. So we got a major development at QAM. So, and again, I'm only quoting Farell because we don't know how he might just be a trouble maker. All I want to think so. But, Geldie evidently not only was absent this morning, but A-wall. He just they're called and said, I'm not coming. I'm not going to be there. Not like I'm sick, not like my wife is sick or the baby is puking a green sphagma, but I'm just not going to be there. And according to what I'm hearing from Beener Boy, although I don't want to mention getting to personalities, but Beener Boy has been telling me that Geldie and Mo have been like any other throat literally on the early, look last week has gotten really intense. The tension is palatable. Really? In other words, it's thick. It's really thick. Seriously, I don't know what, I mean, you know, for Elsa Hoot, but you can't once he's given him an opening, you know? Man, he's a wild man. He just can't shut him up. Which I don't really care because it kills him good time, but we got to get our breaks in, you know what I'm saying? Maybe we just got to hold him over. Not over what? Flane, a barrel? That's going to be great watching, Claren. I want to be in town to see that one. Clarence, Mounts the beast, right at home, plate. I don't get a crown out there. I guarantee you that. Poor, well, for Elbowler in a hard way, you know, with given a thick ticket to wait. Oh, yeah, I'll take six. I'll take five. And then he'll find out that most of those people are going to show up anyway, even for free. They won't show up. You ever years ago, maybe it was even before your time. That thing with the panther Dallas game, I remember specifically was against the Dallas stars. And it was like, I think the second year we had a hockey team in town before my time. And it was part of the fundraising thing and like a schmuck, I'd already given my donation. But I came, you know, I've worked over another one or two grand. And I bought the tickets. I bought a whole bunch of panther Dallas, you remember that? Of course. And gave them away with some difficulty and we gave them away. And then, low and they were all like in one section. Go to the game. And none of the people that we get the tickets to are there. In fact, most of the people who were sitting in the section, which was fairly empty. But the ones who were there, they even know who the hell I was or what they show us all about or never heard of it. Because come to fight out that what the people did when they got the tickets, a whole bunch of them sold them. Right. You know, like they were $30 tickets or whatever at that time. So they sold them for like five bucks a piece. What would you do? Selling. Burnham. I mean, that's just what it is. It's a free load and time. But, you know, you continue. Another month or so, an end will wear off and he'll realize that it's a loss cause. I'm glad he's in thus about the marlins and all that other book. But it's a nobody cares. If it's a bottle head dollar something else for free, they'll be packing it. But other not forget about it. So, Jeldi may have been pushed over the edge by Mo, which would be he would be the last holdout. Because when I was talking about this before the show, everybody else that Mo is encountered that he's worked with. His first was Carolyn and then it was the beast. I understand that. And then it was who else? I mean, everybody has been involved with him has just run shrieking and screaming from that studio. They can't deal with him. He is impossible. And Jeldi's been the holdout because he needs the job. He's got the wife and a kid. He needs that paycheck. You know about that. To be an boy, a paycheck. But sometimes you push people a little bit too far and even with that squeaky voice. I mean, Jeldi's been around for a while. Now he can probably, you know, he's probably got some context. And wasn't it here just a few weeks ago that the rumor was he was out at ESPN looking for a job last time he didn't show up. Wasn't that the rumor? Yes. That was a rumor. So now for real. And of course, now look at it the other way. Maybe for Relo's hope and it might be wishful thinking because this might be the opening that he's looking for, you know? Because he might just kind of move in there between six and eight like join Mo and then of course Mo just kind of like fade off into the woodwork after about a week of that. Huh? Well, no, he'll just beat up on the old man and also he just won't be able to handle it anymore. And that'll be the end of that. Well, I'm guaranteed stay tuned. Stay tuned because the QM soap opera gets more interesting by the minute. Here's our pull from yesterday. We had a thousand some out votes. Worst or most disappointing movie ending ever was and I'm only going to read the ones in double digits. Blair Wage Project boy, look at it, not even close, pulled away 244. Matrix reloaded 150. Final of Sky 71 cashed away 66. AI 52. 10 of the H51 contact 50. That was the Ajody Foster piece. Yes, piece of crap. Couching Tiger Hidden Dragon 41, signs 35, Hannibal 34, last American virgin 31 Magnolia 30. I don't, uh, you did that. Yeah, I freaked it. You, no, no, you talked him into it. Uh, holy grail 28. I mean, see the ending of Magnolia was strange, but that wasn't the question. Worst or most disappointing ending strange bizarre disappointing. No, I thought I thought it was very funny. What about you being a boy? Did you think it was very funny? Yeah. Unbreakable 22 was the worst you weren't for enthusiastic. The way you said that. Come on, whip it up. I'm a little busy over here. I'm like running around from one. I got to run to the mic. Yeah, it was great. Unbreakable 22, monsters ball 19 minority report 19, fight club 16 when our photo 16, Xanado 15 and Donnie Darko that was my photo at 11 horrible ending. Just unacceptable. Okay, we'll get, we got two polls today. Gregory Peck is dead a day that break we are dead. Same day. Oh, brother, we talked about the David Brinkley thing and then I get off the ear and I'm I'm proves none the internet and I see Gregory Peck. He died 87. Don't you think that's a shame that we lose two big people like that on the same day? Yeah, but you know, they hadn't been active for a while. What do you mean by that? It's not like they're going to stop performing. For our first divide, you don't know David Brinkley from Christie Brinkley like or one and number two of Gregory Peck. I guess you did probably see some Gregory Peck movie. Sure, it's about a fact that we might be that I wanted to put Mobie Dick on the movie list. Yeah, Mobie Dick, Mobie Dick. Uh-huh. I liked it. It was good. As opposed to like to kill a mocking brewer, as general incidental overrated to kill a mocking version or spellbound, right? Mobie Dick, Mobie Dick. 10 13 at 5 60 WQAM. If you're on the Atkins, don't any of the low carb sugar free die. You walk into your supermarket. They got like one half of one shelf. That's got just a small handful of items that are low carb. And the rest of the stuff in this door is you know are loaded with carbohydrates and forget about it. Nothing for you to buy. That's why you love shopping at Delights of West Boca. It's the number one low carb store in the universe over 900 low carb sugar free products waiting for you to license West Boca. And right now they introduced a brand new one for you. There are new low carb instant cup of soup. All you do is add water and pop it into microwave. A low carb meal in a cup at over four delicious flavors or check out the new simply low carb muffins for a quick breakfast or your own individual size cheesecake waiting on you too. And the list goes on and on with low carb hot cocoa, apple cider, blondies and brownies don't forget to let's incredible selection of low carb pasta's great sauces. They're pasta sauces are sensational with very, very few carbs. Gressings chips, chocolates and their famous carboline ice cream too. Come on in and try everything in the store before you bite. Delights of West Boca's got all atkins brand products on sale all day every day even on some kastora. Stop by and talk to their staff because they know dining inside and out open every day to entertain. And you'll find them on the northeast corner of glazed in 441 right there's the Boston market not too far from most house. Call them toll free at 1 877 low carb or shop them on the web at low carb.com. That's the lights of West Boca. Make no mistake. It's your official atkins retail sales. Want to bang you in the butt honey. Okay. Michaelizer. Two ring riser. It took it two rings to answer. What are you doing over there? I'm sorry sorry I just couldn't reach the phone. Michael, we're so wrong. One ring riser. We've been over this. I'm sorry. Get on the ball over there. Okay. What are you all hung over up with your mighty dick? Who's her? The hockey kids. Oh, the anti-mighty duct. Oh, what a successful story. That was an excellent. Tell it. Well, that team are terrible. So they're in the Stanley Cup finals. What does that mean? Well, they're in the championship of the national. I say that I'm not in the sports anyway. I'm one of a poor mouse or not. Forget about the Docs. It's a stupid name anyway. Who came up with it? Well, I did. So we have remember we have a big terrible. And I see you hanging out with that straight brim on your head. You look like a moron. Next to Charlie Sheen. No, no, no, no, that was a million. That's the best. The star. I mean, it's the same kid terrible. The mighty ducts. I mean, they're really all entertaining. It's great family now. You care about the dick. What? Hang on a minute. Yes, sir. Oh, my God. What the hell is wrong with you, Raman? Oh, no, feel well, Bob. You're almost white. Yeah, I'm pale, Bob. Oh, has some bad Chinese. Some bad Chinese. Yeah, better downtown, boss. Ladies. Things are paned up. Well, boss, I got to go. I do wait for me. You think like a brewery. Oh, my God. God, come on. I said, yes, sir. Well, things are going very well over here. You know, we have the mighty ducts who Stanley Cup final. They're both so I'm. And we also have the finding email movie which is doing very. Yeah, I mean, we have a one of the other questions. Yes. Why do I have a check for $4 million on my desk and the thing made $70 million? What kind of deal do we have with Pixar? Well, we sort of. Oh, I think I've put myself off. You're a poof yourself. We've got to get out of the office. Why are my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, I need to get up in here. I. Sir. The pair up to me. I. I. And. And. And it is. I. I. Okay. Well, so would you like tickets for the mighty ducts? I told you to sell the decks. Docs? Can't do the name of that thing anyway. What's a engine name? We got to keep it. Magic them. The leases. What are leases? Leases. What is one mouse? That just mice. Are you correct? No, no, no. Hey, I'm. My. Oh, my. 10. 21. And five. 60. W to Q. I am. So the new the first pull we got two polls that we got like part one and part two. I think we have to do that every day. Don't you although I can't air a little bit then out of shape. That should make a difference. So once being a boy gets controlled a whole thing. Now, we're going to have scrolly mo on the website over the weekend. Yes. If you like the mozo and the other mode pictures and the other ones of course me and Mo ask to ask if you like those pictures on our website. Wait till you see squirrely mo even the beast liked it. I love eating nuts. Yeah, wait till you see those swinging nuts. Mo and his swinging nuts. Squirrely mo. It's going to be on our website any moment. It's matter. Here's the fact that says need like hey to I cursed today you said Rogers chocolates on the year I'm on my second box. As I grow fat I spit on your name. Oh, don't forget that Rogers chocolates dot com almond brittle but I wish I wouldn't have said that I can't find any place that sells it here anymore. I'm glad that's glad to find that out. Although you can't order it right off the internet. Like George did. No, I a nice listener brought it to an appearance. Oh really I thought you said you ordered it. No, somebody brought it. Rogers almond brittle man. That's some of the best stuff that'll send you an order. Okay, here's pull a number one with fathers. They coming up on Sunday. We've discussed as many times in the past although we never get a crawl on it. Why should that be different from anything else I bring up? The fact is that a lot of fathers suck, you know. Yeah, mother's generally if one pair is going to be good and the other one is going to be bad. It's generally the mother is a better, more conscientious, more loving, more caring, more likable person than the father who's usually cold and distant and hostile and afraid to show his emotions. Yeah, you know what I'm saying right of course you do this is true. So here's the poll from now until noon and then we'll put up the other one Which we're going to build if we're going to build a poll I say in the first couple hours or at least the first hour We have something else to keep the market pad keep them off the street. Twenty-three votes already. How would you rate your parents? Both great 10. All right. Let's hear it both great 10. That's actually I feel so good for those people. Yeah, that's level both okay seven not great, but okay both it is zester five Mother good father lame one father good mother lame zero See now maybe I'm wrong about that About the father thing Maybe we just I don't think so. Oh, maybe we just my fist for although you know this in Magnolia Every father and Ed movie sucked right every one of them was a bad father We had to one who was like doing the insisting and then we had the other one who was like just abandoned his kid And uh, and why there was a piece of crap Although the at least in the end they they die to work your debt. I should say that not all not enough of them Here's the facts that says there's a link on drugs today. Oh, I'm Miss Fudge An article about Ashcroft pushing Patriot Act 2 and a secret police empowerment act that makes every crime including Speeding maybe an act of domestic terrorism It also allows the justice department to evoke anyone citizenship and then treat them as an enemy combatant He's the most dangerous man in America John and Portie Lucy says I don't know as he talked about Miss Fudge or about John Asproth That's the only reason John Ascroft is a dangerous is because somebody else put him in there Which makes the proud president a the most dangerous deed the D and D Dumb and dangerous. I'll present it. Hey, he's the one that stuck him in there Gregory Peck dead one of the great actors of all time and it leads us into these pull is it another movie pull? Oh, we sure hope not This is the last one, right This is the one that we're gonna build with help from the audience last one today the last one the week promise The worst acting performance ever in a movie was I think this is so straightforward it doesn't require a lot of explanation standing on my head because You know, is there any other way you could interpret this they'll find a way yes The worst acting performance ever in a movie was and of course obviously When I shouldn't say that that's never obvious with this crowd When we're and looking for one not a list of the worst five not the worst 100 You know what I'm saying yeah, oh here's a bunch of before you no see We're requiring you to make a choice these people a lot of them remind me of like muff who sitting in the Toor let you know and he has to get on the intercom with dub has to call Duff on his cell phone to find out which hand a whiteboard, you know Who does say it's to call Greg or himself The worst acting performance ever in a movie was and my choice is Eli Wallach and Godfather 3 I can't imagine A worse performance now I know somebody should be also right the other one down because it's gonna be obvious What other one Sophia Copola? Oh, oh, yeah, also In Godfather 3 I don't know the name of the actor, but in that same movie, but he was small potatoes So he's like the work mentioning so I don't know why I'm going to the guy that played Anthony The son the opera singing son what was wrong with him? He just his be so he had little he was only there for three sexual identity problem. What's wrong with him? He was okay You're putting him in the same category with Sophia with a big schnaise. Oh no, it was just all bad Dad don't spend it all in one place dad. Ha ha Oh brother There's one of the worst cases of nepotism and it has to be at the human race Francis Ford Copola taking all of his other brilliant work and just traveling it right down the toilet I put in his daughter in there in that rule and then Eli Wallach I thought we could reason together These waved in the arms around like he's got saved by his name every line that he said and it was like so overdone and so cornball Just awful only only about you know the thing where he's going to get in the hitman He's having a hitman in his muley son there I love him. Who's great muley son here. The one I made the meal the year That's it not bad 1027 at 560 WQM the kneel deals just keep on smoking from Tom Lamin and Joe Prieto at Halipani GMC here. They are for the very latest ones the old heel number one get yourself zero percent financing for 60 months on every 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock The old heel number two gets you up to a $4,000 rebad on every 2003 GMC in Pontiac in stock Attention current and former military personnel get you an additional $750 rebad from your friends at Halip and the old heel number three go and on right now least the new 2004 Grand Prix GT1 for his little is 209 bucks a month. This is a 36-month lease see dealer for details I thought you should have got your current halitch muck beiner boy Oops Now it halitch test drive any vehicle on the left for 24 hours. That's right. You can take it home Take it to work take it to the warehouse where we want and you can test drive it for 24 hours And of course, Halitch also was always got a dependable selection of great certified pre-owned cars trucks on SUVs And they're not picky about credit even if it's marginal look it should deal at Halipani GMC you'll find a bit 134 or one south fixie highway that's you us want across from the falls open every day seven days a week For more info call the kneel the old hotline tool free one triple eight five three four forty two eleven That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven and don't forget all the old heels Some just credit approval CD before details and halitch GMC when you do your car shopping there you'll agree they'd be professional grade Friday you best Good morning. We have mercilessly taken a following material out of context without endorsement or permission from those depicted It is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible We hope we reach that goal or at least made a lot on tonight's action news Hillary congratulations Your book is out and it's flying off the shelf. Thank you. So when did you start having group sex? Thirty years ago, so who are you and Bill swinging with Bill and Alan? Hiper and I did you know that sometimes Bill had sex with Betty White? I find that absolutely unbelievable. I know I just made it on on tonight's action news Hillary what was your favorite place to have sex for me? Love behind Come thirty to a five sixty w q a m maybe the beast can get some pointers Here's our first every sponsor on a poll. It looks like it's gonna be pretty weak Which means I could read some real good bedtime stories all day that a which is fine with me For the second bet that the second poll will put up there from noon to two But in the meantime we're gonna try to build it in these two hours, but you know, maybe it'll work Maybe not maybe they don't want to play the game today the fastest vote Derek and Tarzan And that's Tarzan the eight man and I concur everyone. Okay, Tarzan the eight man Voteric the worst acting performance ever gonna be was we got only three nominees So far Eli Wallock and Sophia Copeland got five or three vote Derek and Tarzan 567.0560 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line This should be a piece of cake man, or should be like 600 nominations for this don't you think yeah, but should be well And they're just it's Friday. It's a kids are out of school or off on a busman's holiday now for whatever the reason plus we got no free tickets to give away 100 votes on a poll our first poll. How would you rate your parents? So this is good both great 44 both okay 27 mother good father lame 15 both a disaster 10 and Father good mother lame only four only four people say that their father was a good parent their mother's sucked so far 567.0560 pound 560 out be in a boy will get to that phone eventually where he just won't get paid on the 25th And he won't pay George back and it'll just be like a snowballing. It'll be like oh and the mob money, you know the company store You'll just never catch up Oh, and let me just also mention that I should I should have I should have cussed his ass out I did I mentioned it when Ferrell was doing his little 10 20 minute crossover about the eating thing I did tell him that don't be a pussy don't believe all these memos They put her oh no food is allowed and no smoking and no farting and no talking, you know What kind of crap is that? See this is turrets again try to be a bush guy trying to push everybody around because he can't get laid because he's got a wheel and theory already complex because he's got a penis like a little girl And and therefore no seriously So therefore he's trying to flex his muscle and he's gonna show them you'll notice he doesn't include our studio And because he knows I tell him to stick it up his ass No chance clearance and when I'm gonna be there next week In fact, maybe I'll be there for a couple weeks that all depends on how I can handle it But if you think we're not gonna be at least bacon or whatever we feel like at a studio I got news for it. We're dream and sweetheart. Let's have a feast Yeah, an excuse being a will as all these ants around her building well Maybe if Greg wasn't such a cheap bastard and they and they don't even have to spend money to control it out They could just do it for a few mentions. They're good buddies Steve from ATM alternative termite management Is that what it is that's what it is? They're the best they're the best just a few mentions He'd come and clean that damn building out get rid of all the pests and the bugs too Worked with guilty so far, but that's really interesting that that's a pretty I'm gonna keep our eye on that I'm at guilty situation. He might be bailin Here's my any hello Okay Okay great 5605050 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless stories will you be sharing with us today a whole bunch of middle-slime Many here's Kendall hello Oh Jesus Christ. Yeah, lame is the word man. That's you look at a mirror lame 5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T. This is what happens when they got no material when they have nothing to bring and they make it so easy for a man And he's doing a little mega phone thing again Let me see it again you're there every minute of every day asked You think that there's anybody stupid enough to buy in your crowd. Of course not because after they hear the It doesn't even make any difference what the words are that follow it. It's just a sound the sound of the god damn Campbell soup cannon from your ugly post Man get some freaking material asshole Here's Miami. Hello. Hey. Hey. What about the lord? He's a word that's a word I don't know the name of any of his movies, but he who is it? Who Chuck Norris yeah? Yeah, yeah, he was the word No, you're not listening to me. You don't understand to pull not the worst actor of the worst actress the worst acting performance ever in a movie You know something that one guy was right long ago. He was right Make it simple paper or plastic, you know Jesus Christ it wouldn't matter This it's just amazing it's shocking to me. It is shocking and you wonder why South Florida's the intellectual toilet that it is In fact it makes that toilet in transporting look lovely by comparison look appetizing Well, we don't understand why you wouldn't want to be here all the time Neil. It's such a paradise 567.0560 pound we still don't have one on the phone yet do we don't we have the one that came in on the fax machine And that's it. Well, this is good at this rate by about 440 30 this afternoon. We might have like five or six How would you rate your parents both great and this is because fathers they are some it is just a McKilson time. Okay 120 adults both great 60 both okay 33 mother good father lame 18 Both of his answer 12 and mother father good and mother lame only five Following that and he didn't crack those and a Major on my minority quite on my naughty what do you mean we not now you're gonna tell you how we voted Oh my mother is listening the show and probably because too does your mother listen? Oh, she has a spy that reports due tofully because what's by George said your name your name mom Your mama each who mama can be in that's right here's Miami hello Hello, yes, sir. Yeah Contrast congestion for the worst act is a form of okay The kid who played young Darth Vader and this most recent star wasn't it would be with the average Christian sin. Oh, you're picking on four Hayden for the first one the little well He was bad too, but this lap one was the most non-manacing first and I've ever seen him What I don't have a man, right baby. I don't know trouble choosing yeah, he had did he was a little late in the law for his hidden He was pretty, but he was late. Okay. Thanks a lot, pali What now was Star Wars what? I don't know the second one. I'm trying to block it out of my head episode two Star Wars two okay Hayden Christian so he's not can pretty little Hayden Christian sin He's pretty pretty pretty Mincing an abortion in that movie 567 05 60 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line who was the worst actress in history? That's our pool question today Isn't it? Who was the worst newscaster next to David Brinkley? For an issue went whole hog on Atlas, and I did you see that all the networks. That's just oh, you see I'm a sin See they and what's the call? I was having even watched King no mole But because I don't watch CNN. I will I refuse to watch it my microwave oven was showing highlights of David Brinkley Yeah, he was all over the place good night chat good night chat. He kept saying good night chat. He I like David Brinkley. Okay, and of course he got to that thing with that Archer Daniels, Midland remember that big scandal about that Get into kind of a kind and all of a sudden very shortly thereafter. He vanished from our TV screens never to return I thought it was good when he was on Sunday mornings on this week at least he counterbalance that obnoxious George Will and the Uxia Sand Donaldson and at nasty herpes that kept sliding around But then when once his eyeball that left eyeball started to slide down on it was teak during his closing or when he started yuck in an updorn those commenters I think that's when I decided that was time to ship him off to the farm poor David It's a close of a great chapter in American newsman when we still have like real news people I know that comes to shocked all you punk out there. We used to have like real news people on here like chat huntley and David Brinkley and watercrank height John Chancellor John Cameron Swazzy. It takes a lick and it keeps on ticking just like the beast 1040 20 to love at a 560 WCM. Let me tell you about something you ought to be looking right now We're never be not looking just popping it some all you might in your post all you might sought sales are good for you They contain the finest of purest of bestices out of all you'll find anywhere that is super concentrated Lord with all kinds of benefits for you and your health All you might in your mouth every day can up reduce the risk of heart disease high cholesterol and all kinds of other stories plus there are 14 different oleumid formulas to choose from each one combining Farmasutical grade olive oil with vitamins minerals and robles the support specific health needs from your bones Your blood pressure to your immune system All you do is just pick out the formulas that are right for you and pop it every day Right in the old posts and now you got three new oleumid formulas one to help you sleep Unhook it controlled your way cell Q10 which contains coke you tin for your heart Pixel my body you're doing your shop and they because it's all over town pick up All you might at public's records Walgreens whole food markets Navarro's in Sedano's order and online if you like just make that One quick trip over to oliomedamerica.com or if you want more information make that one easy call at toll free to one 866 oleumid that's one 866 653 6633 it's good for you for better health start pop in some oleumid in your post right away Third Flusher tells BS and BZ why the mush tax cut will actually help more people Homeman security director Tom Rage will show you how duct tape and plastic sheet will keep you 100% safe from chemical and biological attacks Then at nine BS in VC Investigates brings you an exclusive interview with Scott Peterson who'll prove these totally innocent Venetan Ryan Williams and a panel of absolute geniuses Volodylid author SARS hopes and later your white will tell you that it happens to every guy and size does it matter All this bus I'm is in the morning on the most watched most busted most defendable most honest new channel in the history of journalism BS in VC 1045 we need a search party to find MSNBC's audience so to that right now is Donna Houston on how about that great new show A Jesse venture or that's started yet. Oh how about what's his name? Who's that fan headed guy to hit on a five o'clock Guy that awful newspaper guy that Jerry Jerry the dead guy. I think he died or something. He's gone And now they really destroyed the desperation that only they put these right wingers on they got that Keith overman on man He made he gives me spielkies man. This is the guy who takes himself very seriously who's made a career out of taking himself seriously And he was on ESPN a blowmuff and he was on MSNBC they blew him off anyway to Fox and they blew him off now He's back on MSNBC with his point to share whatever he's got Keith Oberman He talks in a very serious force like he's he really believes he's gonna change the world like he's willing He's got all the answers he's gonna solve the problems for the world and you just look at him and you'll happen him He's a silly person. He's a sports nerd It would be like it would be like clearance going on CNN To solve the problems with the roadmap and the Middle East See what I'm saying What do you say Oh, here's the good news no No WHO travel advisory for Toronto. Oh, they were peeing in their pants here about that, you know Because of that one exported case to a chapelel North Carolina That'll teach that guy who came up here don't become an up here and visiting people in hospitals and nursing homes You asshole Jesus Christ then he goes back and infects a couple of his coworkers That'll teach you idiot God Hey, don't forget join Joe Castelo Day from noon. You'll do what they've horizon wireless at 329 Arthur got through road mommy beach stop by to win our usual low-oig budget QM prizes and some Marlin tickets Wow, what an incentive that is huh? Joe Castelo are close personal buddy noon till two today and Verizon wireless Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes Worst performance Darrell Hannah in bear plan of the bear something like that. Clay to the cave bear Yeah, yeah Carol plan of the cave bear We got you down pal Thanks a lot sounds fishy to me I like Darrell Hannah, but that means she couldn't put in a bad performance. Oh, it was so long ago I can't even she was probably better aid. She was probably better in a bathtub She was fine in that movie. It's just that that movie was just her her acting was That was a dialogue What was it again haha Man since you're ATM card gutting. You just have been a same, you know between between not getting paid on payday and then in the same week like a couple of days later The machines eat his ATM carcass as bank is a piece of crap Again, make Atlantic they suck all the banks and start Florida suck. Oh, yeah, and especially watch over your money bank Man, they make me puke God are they bad. I flex there all having a contest with each other to see how little service thing Give you how they can screw you over and make your life miserable and keep bouncing your checks and screw them up Utiposites and eating your ATM cards and just just in general making your life a piece of crap Here's a call for my any hello Yeah, yes, sir Yeah, you got an I think you're pardon I don't have any ants they got ants in the studio Ask the studio. I want to send you some free samples of the great ant fates that's not a poison to people Yeah, no, well listen send us some that's not a poison and send us some other ones that mark them up that our poison will put him in most studio You're gonna send it I'm gonna send it yeah, but you're gonna give me your address. Okay. Hang on a second Okay, give that guy's it or it's free so we'll take it. Okay, Greg will be having to take that if it cost us any money We won't do it. I mean you talk about cheap come on how many times have I talked about that? Not only are there ants in there, but they're like little things There are about a half of it. It doesn't different kinds of creatures flying some have wings some have legs some have you know My every kind of insect that's urban invented is flying around an at building because they're too cheap first of all The building is a toilet the elevator is a joke. I think they had a bribe somebody get these certificate in there to approve it Everything enters a goddamn joke, and then we can't get an exterminator when they're even for a couple of trade-outs spots What this kind of ghost destroy the kind of a concern Greg has for the people who are worked in none Well, which is why which is why in the beginning you guys were in that trailer and at the condemn trailer I'll never forget that day. I went in there pick you up to take you out of what a Kindle Toyota right And I walk in that place and I look around I thought you know what that place reminded me of the toilet in train spotting Always building reminded me of in fact I wouldn't have taken a crap in that building. That's how bad it was Seriously when you walk into a place and you say this place looks so filthy and so grotesque I wouldn't take a crap in here then you know That's what it was we had carpeting on the walls and there was mold and mildew growing in it And then then I remember before starting a QAM You're normal can't brings me in here to take the tour of the QAM building and the walls are stained and a Copping look like people had mungol over like her been like series of orgies on them. I'm just disgusting yeah all mail and that's that's Greg Reed Like I've told you a million times. I'd sure he'd to see what the inside of his house looked like Here's a whole bunch of fangs is let's say you said bad acting and the first name that popped up was Vin Diesel for a fast and furious It's an I'm sure someone is worse, but that's what I got to Steve well. What's wrong with that Vin Diesel? Nothing the right I'm right in it. I don't have to write these do I? No, no, no, okay That's just the right I write him down I just will have you do something Here's one from Joe oh I don't understand can't take a the title the movie dolly part and tries to teach sliced alone to be a country singer right my vote What is it Ryan Stone Ryan Stone and the voters for style sliced alone in Ryan Stone right still cowboy was it And I'm gonna have to look this up. I'll look around stone Well now I can do a quick search Slime Still on I'm I can handle it. I got my computer over here. I can type in the stick it up my nose So let's just alone here you go Come on come on. It's only your four-hour freaking show all of we don't have a ball game today But at Marlon genius that that's killer what wow that was shocking Slice the lawn Okay, you want all the means of his movies notes oh Shade taxi three liberties kids. What's the one we're looking for Ryan Stone right Ryan Stone Rocky five tango and cash ram both three Night hogs victory flers Ryan Stone that's the name of the movie. I stay corrected asshole Yeah, I had to waste all of that time the audience is probably pissed off at Carlos now too because that'll waste all of that time because you would listen to your see one thing about being a boy You know something he knows better no matter what it is if you know just like with poor Eric up there Who's probably having an nervous breakdown? Well, I had looked at a lot faster than Eric who's an expert computer nerd, but I hey Being a boy he's a better computer nerd as long as we all understand that we'll get along just fine. Okay, and let me ask you this is our squirrely ammo up there yet Well, what what do you want up first the stories are the squirrel both are the pull you can take it on the pole Do one the stories What do you mean you're taking it on the job? Well, what do you mean you're taking down the pole? He's running it I'm writing down the The suggestions. I thought you were taking down the pole. It's supposed to be up there till noon in which case you had gotten probably fired How will you rate your parents 1806 votes already both great 89? Let's hear it for those people I am so jealous of those people who had like two good parents. No one of the so much better adjusted than I am and George wow. Yeah, we are both okay 41 Mother good father lame 27. See I think this is making my point because father good mother lame only eight say Oh, I agree and both a disaster 21. Oh, geez, so 48.56 So 56 out of 186 which is about 30 percent about 30 percent Who've had the parent problems? Man, you know not everybody I think people should have a license not to get married but to be a parent Yes, oh, yeah, because not everybody should be a parent. I almost anybody can make a baby But that's not the trick okay Make an a baby even monkeys can do that. Okay even jurples can do that but be an apparent being a responsible loving Carrying thinking parent that requires a license ought to be a long right Plus unless you look pretty good. You know who's got beautiful kids? Who the hell was I forget who the hell was somebody on the other night they on biography has just unbelievably good looking kids It'll come back to me. I was shocked and oh, I know who it was it was Jose Santos the jockey His wife is unbelievably beautiful. He's got a kid as son and daughter and they're just not got there's just beautiful kids Because it's some's a little bit young for a cross No, seriously, they did Really beautiful family and assured didn't come from Jose with all the other apologies And we're sorry you do win the triple crown worth acting performance ever shook heel on heel and Kazan Got it so kilo meal or anything Well, there you kazan we got something specific Shack it's time for another shacket that oh Christian and land tennis. He were getting this going now. They're from the kitchen on they're not all as stupid as a couple of more Like that mouth breather Oh, Jesus I'd like to get a goddamn baseball bag. You know my last show the last show that I do I'd like to get a baseball bat with it without cork in it and Just line those bastards up you know the ones I'm talking about it Well magnificent dozen just a dozen of right and just beat the snott out every one of them that Oh man what a great way that would be to go out We're getting excited Be excited be be excited Christian latinuses my work my suggestion is Nicholas cage in moon struck She says I wanted to cut off his other hand and maybe some other appendages as well. Oh Thanks Christian you got a down to close case. I like him. Never smell that will be done. Oh I don't like him there's just something about him I don't think he's a good actor. He looks there's something about the way he is whole ambiance and appearance He just bugs me. Can you think of one good movie he has been in leaving Las Vegas? Okay 5 6 7 5 6 the pound 5 6 the only 18 to see I'm I'm gonna step all over you if you try to Sending because I already for well took about the first 80 minutes of the show which is fine But boy he he's like a he's like a machine right like he's just like a talking squeaking gravity Machete is wind above Just So if I was more I do real nervous now guilty doesn't show no more Because once for else starts moving down that territory. I won't get in an I and nothing age wise and then he'll start going back and up till about 3 30 in the morning Here's a call in for Lauderdale. Hello How you doing sir? I think that's the Scrolling picture of model and Long tell me and then one of you was if Neil got it did Oh, they those came from your or thank you so much. Yes. I did get him in a real beautiful thing Okay, now I'm not sure I have another one of the Neil got that's an extra version I don't know if you want that I've pulled her shop now a particular thing for you Why do you consent to as we won't put it on your website because we don't want no Ex-rated crap on our website I figured that you didn't that's why did that particular version about not you to hang that picture up somewhere in the studio just for fun Okay, well the Scrolling always going on a website as of a little later today and we appreciate it very much Oh, actually I've done you more stuff. I got I got a lot of fun to waste today He always said that he had swinging nuts and I think he had a point Well the thing is he has a scroll off his head just I figured that's a double on top right or you know what I mean Thanks, paly take it easy man. See I was that up there yet or not Getting there 567 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line although as much as I like the Mozo and Scrolling mode I think the ass to ask is just you know me and mode just a beautiful thing Radio weekend on 560 WQA New from Ron code a very mentalo bedroom GPS and compass never get lost in your own bedroom again Your very mentalo bedroom GPS and compass will lock on the six strategically located satellites Maintain by the US government and will warn you before you walk into your walls How could you possibly survive without it? Imagine never having to use your own sense of direction again You can stop using your brain completely and still find your way through your own house the very mentalo bedroom GPS and compass from Ron code Don't stay home without it. It's 1101 at 560 WQA and we got the mad dog at two From Hooters and Pemberpines you got the hump or at the four or four or three hours today Hey, everything the sign before the seven that was seven o'clock. He got QM re wound the best of QM to kill a half an hour because we got no crow no Moe He's over on a competition On the stiff competition Marlon's on deck 730 Marlon's at the Texas Rangers with a 25 million dollar man a team It's like about a hundred games under 500 Man looks like last place for Texas again this year Marlon's at the Rangers 805 tonight Followed by the education ESP and radio overnight because we get it for free Now you're keeping a list so I can't because this is the list that's gonna happen noon and I really backed boxed myself into a corner But that's okay because you can read him we can read him Before we speak in a vicon read him yes, we have to address a fax or a notorious fax run the air because I can't fax back to them And yeah, they're very well intended they facts like 20 pages at a time None this person none of his facts are alleged are our legible at all ever and they're just constantly Fatsing all day long, so the person what is he facts in a bug? Well about anything and everything but the last facts that he just said acting performances by musicians and they's got a whole list here of really bad acting Performances by musicians by musicians by musicians in other words like Brittany people that are musicians that become actors You mean like J-Lo for example any way this so this person knows who they are I tried to facts back. You know who you are leave us a little quick way to our fast paper play We'd any of them we can't really part of it from this person and go on meet you a new toner Go steal one somewhere just stop facts in place. You're muck Okay, the worst acting performance ever and it will be was Eli Walla got five or three so if he had copula got five or three Dad Bob Derek Tarzan Hayden Christians in Star Wars 2 I liked him Oh, he was kind of like I don't know he might have been a little on the fruity side Darrell Hannah Clan of the cave bear and that's as far as I got it. You got the rest of them Right Well, are they not a border Darrell Hannah and planted a cave or Nicholas cage moon struck? Yeah Tom Hank Stobers is the volcano right And these all for what Vin Diesel for the fast in the furious what did I call? Van Van poison diesel van it's all diesel van for the fastest of what? A beast week the fact okay, so us there's the lone and Ryan stone Yo and Shaquille O'Neill and Kazan Shaq for a hazard we don't they we're not too big in this shack okay a very upset that Tubers the volcano made it onto this list. Why is that that one your favorite rights? That's what of my I'm embarrassed to say it's one of my favorite Cheesy movies I see was it as good as kids? I don't know well actually no kids is the one that I have seen Better than bully That one I don't know as George is one of his favorites Here's a call from broke a hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, how are you? Great. It's called with the choice for the poll. Okay piano reads the matrix Okay, all right, I almost anything you would have followed canter Reeves with I'm sure we'd all agree This is this one's actually a good movie to fight him. Okay, thanks a lot, Pat We got you down. All right. Thanks a lot piano Reeves man. He could act as wet of a paper-freeken sack, you know what? Whoa, if we're gonna put piano Reeves. I mean point break I have an FB I agent But piano in dangerously asons whoa for sake or I'll say into it Yeah, and don't forget to one that I just watch which you didn't see because it's a fag movie that when that's why he's in it on my own private Idaho Very very lame just lame awful In fact the whole movie is pretty awful but river penis See they write about how good river penis was and I will be it's not that he was so good It's that canter Reeves was so bad Hollywood community college is proud to present act like a pro Yes, without act like a pro workshops you can learn to take needs of your favorite Hollywood stars and how to duplicate their success This week our special instructor piano Reeves. Yes, yeah, Reeves can teach you all the range of emotions from excited Like Happy to depress and even start a I know come Plastic also teach you how to speak in a foreign accent I go to the castle of Dracula So no, it's this week in Hollywood community college for your special guest lecture piano Reeves and you too will be saying You know he must have administered a lot of oral in order to get to where he is today no doubt and maybe anal as well So there you go beast there's a guy that got to the top all the quite frankly You look a little bit better than the beast I had a laugh this morning when I guess he's trying to like you know be nice to them Maybe he's trying to like psychoanalyze it a little bit When for all was talking about the beast you know being fat everybody's making fun of how fatty it and about that that's his personality That's what makes him so great Is this because a little round tub of crap you know, I say No, which is probably a way of encouraging to keep eating and maybe like you can get a new producer something like that Bob will find out in time because this some Mom might this stuff happen with that mo show again. It just keeps it's always in the state of flux You notice always in the state of flux never comes down to the ground ever since grace should but a morning show It's never quite come back down and hit the ground Here's our pool number one. It'll be up there this hour and then that noon No, we put up the other one. How would you rate your parents father's days this Sunday? Here's a chance for people with really crappy fathers to vent or Both how would you rate your parents both grade 115 49 and a half percent that I have great parents And that it doesn't it just tug of your heartstrings Yeah both okay 50 Mother was good or is good father Lane 32 both of the zaster 26 Father good mother lame nine so you see that 32 to nine Were they thought the mother was a good parent but the father's suck was a piece of crap cold this did up not just disgusting walking ice cube Yeah, that's a bit my father's nickname mr. Warmth Man 232 votes on they're not too shabby the first hour Don't forget join Joe Costello noon the two did they'd Verizon wireless 320 nine out there got me wrote on the beach and he just wants to see it because we don't have a lot for you We got some of our usual low budget QM prizes and some Marlin tickets now everybody's given away Marlin tickets for real No, everybody else anybody want it 567 I mean if ever there was a case of trying to force beats something in the public that they don't want that's it Panther tickets and Marlin tickets We had some dolphin tickets then you'd see the phones go crazy then you'd see people like lining up at the door We'll take them oh I'd speak into that Now I'm kind of curious is the beiner boy there are you a football fan? Yes, yeah, are you a dolphin? Yes, I have because I have those will be coming probably the next month or two I would imagine my dolphin season tickets and the last couple years I've given them to a Joe Costello But I was thinking about this the other day since Boner boy does so much work there and we don't have you know When you think Joe love Joe. Well, I love Joe Joe's a good friend. I like Joe Costello will I he calls up here every once in a while to see how I'm doing suck around a little bit But I think really because Joe is huh we have to grease our own wheels We got a grease our own guys. I pretty grease is it is, but that that's what the beast of this morning That was unbelievable That was I mean what a line that was I think he wants it. You know something I think he's getting excited about it See everybody else in the building thinks I'm joking about about having clearance mouth to beast since need to want him can get any But I think that they're both like are relishing it. I think they're gonna do it with relish So save so keep I love on a bottle of olive wood you got there. Oh God the gallon Joe He's now yesterday he said he would do it for like six figures and then what he said today? Just for a raise any kind of raise Just for a raise like a quarter for sick of like a quarter a week Blackcomb and he's sitting he's already comes preloved You know what is extra virgin this jug of olive oil we haven't here fix right in 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on the AT and T line here's a bonpino hello Yes, sir Elections to your work performance in a movie yes, I've been even a movie is body of evidence and a great performance She's never had was Madonna oh Yeah, absolutely horrible. I mean words moving maybe a whole time also okay Oh, I don't know how When the phone Joe Montana ever gotten that movie they must have owned somebody such a big favor to Risk that careers to be to movie with us. I mean the worst movie and without question the worst performance Okay, pal. It got you down. Okay, and just so let you know You're right about the quality of blood casters at Work as journalists in the world today. I mean it made this three or four good ones maybe the rest are nothing more than just Trust of anything else I mean it's terrible. I don't even bother watching the news. I am going online That's what let's taste called ITO dot orange And you bring up any newspaper in the country even in the world right? It's something you should check out. I know you would appreciate what is it again? It's IPL It's for internet public live out brewery dot ORG okay All different types of reference material. I'm sure you'll enjoy it. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. How's it going? YouTube. Bye bye. IPL dot org ok we'll check that out seriously if you really want to know what's going on in the world Have any concept? I mean if you care. I mean a lot of people don't care But if you do care you gotta go online you have to go on the internet because you're not gonna get it from the network news of the talking head networks You're just gonna get propaganda fluff BS and crap That's all you're gonna get right as far as the American networks are concerned anyway. You're just gonna get Flag waving flag waving pom pom toss and garbage Which is why you know and Britain at least there haven't a big upper with Tony Blair They're holding his feet to the fire and how come you lied to us and you made up all these stories and you Embellish them and told us all of this book crap on you was all a freaking lie but here it's like oh Yeah, you know what time is at the next reality show on Reality show oh my god 12 minutes past 11 at 5. 60 W Q a I'll tell you all summer long people like to spend a lot of time in the yard out on the patio on her barbecue getting their meat heated up and barbecue's glores a place you want to shop because they have it all for you And right now they've got an exceptional selection of grills that you won't find any place else because they're only available at barbecue's the Lord This week check out their incredible deal on the three burner barbecue chef a barbecue's the lowest close to the cost only 199 bucks with 42 thousand BTUs 625 inch cooking area and a built-in hood thermometer You can't beat this deal for liquid propane grill nowhere know how and for you traditional is out there Check out the new beef master charcoal grill another barbecue's the lowest close to it's only 199 bucks as well With more than 600 square inches a quick and space cast our in cooking grills an adjustable fire grate and a full with ash Catcher both of these wheels to make a perfect gift for fathers days so check them out this weekend and Speaking of fathers day barbecue's glores got great gift ideas for dead all price ranges many under 50 bucks if you'd add Is like kind of mediocre Barbecue's the Lord carries the biggest elected barbecue's incessive including gas charcoal smokers tell gates Supplies all at the guaranteed lowest prices and be sure to take advantage of no payment same as cash financing until January 2004 and approved credit at barbecue's the Lord two South Florida locations for you their Implantation and University drive in a fountain shopping center and also you'll find them in curl Springs corner sample and rock Island please keep in mind are great folks to do business with they've got it all everything you're looking for for Burger King at barbecue's galore My This is You Oh Do this but uh Let me tell you a little bit about the wheels that I drive to work in Now I'm not trying to be rude, but you can really get screwed by those dealers trying to sell you Automobiles brand new see I don't need the fancy grills all those new Cosmets I've had my baby 20 years should you know those stripped out gears to the home Go and the home It got a four on the floor. It got a four of its doors, but I held a lot more It needs a brand new ignition. It got a broken transmission The body got front and rear fenders missing leaks like to son of a gun But I'm like so what it runs it's a piece of you know what did you but at least it's paid for a That's an out of a boat of boys great car that he's got air conditioning and now Let's hear what he's really moving up in the world. Yeah, he's dangerous now. He's got AC In a piece of crap. See I told you should go and down a hell. Oh, but it's a me if you would have talked to me I should have he never know like the other station spots with oh Who's that power 96 No, what's the name of the place the Honda Rick case Honda Right this another one of our stations Yeah, he said another station so that's why I was like looking like Station sponsors 250 votes on pull number one. How would you rate your parents? In honor of fathers days someday both parents grade 125 48 and a half percent Both okay 54 Mother good father lame 38 both disaster 30 and Father good mother lame only 11 see? Lot of good mothers out there. Fathers Here's a a facet to speak of the fast and furious Vin Diesel's coast our Paul Walker give the worth acting preference I've ever seen he's like the new piano Reeves one part stone or one part stone my photos for Paul Walker in the fast and furious and What is that and two fast two furious to get off all say okay? Well the past new piercers good enough Paul Walker got it got it But Donna's not doing too well A lot of hostility any movie with Madonna and Jalo you know it's gonna suck right off the bed In fact some of them have been so bad that they won't even release them in the theaters right It's firstly Jalo her and Ben Affleck and everybody's going oh, yeah, right people You guys they're getting that big plantation in in Georgia somewhere in Atlanta or outside of Atlanta And it's gonna be like two houses on the plantation she's gonna be living in one he's gonna be living in the other one and then just like a guest house for Matt Damon Madonna in Shanghai surprise are we gonna put all these Madonna ones down? That's not well why not? And it probably is difficult to discern you have to be a real movie buff to be able to differentiate right Between like which was the all-time worth but that's what the essence of the poll all right swept away Shanghai surprise everybody got body of evidence who's that girl? What house of Broadway the next best thing and danger is where you going come back Carlos? What how much is Madonna and any movie? No, that's not the poll See again, he's trying to change it No, he's trying to be able to type these or answer the phone to can't do both why I thought you're right knees down I'm writing them down, but he has to type them up. They don't but this poll doesn't go up until noon He's got plenty of time just relax just take a chill pill, okay? Or take a purple one like Sarah would do this relax God You're starting a little bit like Eric now and I'm just stating a lot of other more important fish to fry Don't forget we want lots of extra bacon in there, in fact we can have like meals a diner in there next week when I'm there We'll bring it real yeah, we'll bring we can barbecue's good order bring in a grill will grill and cyber to courses highly illegal But what do we care oh I got a lot of grill at home in fact, I'm probably the people in our neighborhood think that the new Pope is being picked because it would be like smoke coming out of the top of the building But that's okay because we got to fire department right down the street maybe to care about us boy. I must hate us like poison Yeah, we had like a four real fire alert about a year or two years ago and at the end that's in that building and the bells are ringing and the whistles are going off And the lights are flashing and they never showed up there busy paint peanut called down the street there They were watching it though with binoculars and laughing yeah, they were going like a rat Maybe they just don't like sports five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a 18 or maybe they just don't like the Marlin That might be it since the station is so freaking Marlin intensive Here's Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah, you're moving to the begin. I guess Right, okay, yeah, okay, uh, where's performance has to be a look at the park Lee in showgirl Berkeley Berkeley. I'm sorry Without a way Where's movie? movie diver. Let me ask you question you're always talking in the movies, but if always English movie Who are English speaking movie do you ever get into foreign films? You mean foreign films with subtitles? Yeah, such as I don't know there's a lot like Spanish movies Is I or all those kind of movies? No, I want to agree a while That doesn't really interesting no Okay, but yeah, whatever the last name is has to be one of the words Berkeley Berkeley okay, I would go to There but now what was that a ten in movie? That very famous the ten movie that I finally saw here a few weeks ago my life No, you know, huh like all the one about the cinema the Cinema birdy show that's the one that was a good movie Yeah, you pressing That was pretty good had pp in it pp Any movie with pp and it can't be all that bad and And then and like her japhole I mentioned it is never been again. That's a fag movie See still, but he can watch a bag on that it transcends a factory transcends 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line speaking of Verizon wireless don't forget Join Joe Costello no to give him a big build up especially since he's not getting the dolphin tickets break it to him gently Oh, he's probably on his way driving her right now, you know He's probably just bitching me out and muddering under his breath Cleansing his teeth riding his teeth like Sarah Swank was enjoying that a lot. Yeah, how many two three years in a row at least? Maybe more maybe four that I give him those dolphin season tickets which I was pleased to because he's a good guy And he can he's underpaid and get street-to-like crap But he's got his own show now and he's a superstar and he will get that five to six our back once for real gets It's a lot of the building which the way it sounds like soon boy. Gully. We're not too sure if you'd tuna slay a two-dim late Gully was a no show this morning. He was a wall. He just said they're not coming in Not I'm sick not the wife is got the the flu not the kid is crap in their pants But I'm just not coming in Or his pants it's in the boy he's got yes Jake Take with his snake So the anticipation is now the speculation is that Gully may have Fulna Cooper. That's what for all of us start anyway And of course if that's the case it might just be because of this five to eight thing because Gully is smart sharp enough to see They hand-writing on a wall where his mole continues being in denial, you know? I guess when you get in your 80s you start denying a lot of things Anyway, you'll be noon to two at the Verizon Wireless 329 Arthur Guppy Roadmiley Beach stop by and console him In fact maybe bring him some dolphin tickets. That would be good and we got our usual two in prizes and some free Marlins tickets Here's a call from Papano. Hello Papano yes sir Yeah I got the worst picture and the worst performance ever in history yeah Frank Frank Sinatra in the mid 40s when the mgm and first find him they had a photo window something They put him into a thing called the gay gulchur or the gay cowboy arrow or something like that They dressed him up like a zoro Put a patient of mustache on his face and and he spoke with a Mexican accent I got to see that I mean I mean look it up in your book I I understand that each man of small portions Trying to buy the rights to it to pick and pick and up all the prints and everything it is the words that you ever see So Okay, we got you down. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. I'm looking it up now You're supposed to make some sound Oh, I did oh, yes screwed it up. Oh, no screwed up the thing The thing The made a mispronoun here. Oh, I'm gotta put in Frank Sinatra movies. Okay, because I just put on Sinatra Then we'll get a bunch of this stuff that passed from music even though it never was Compare person Sinatra DVDs Find Frank Sinatra movies. Okay. Here we go movie tanger.com That's entertainment some came running. It happened in Brooklyn never so few Paris-witted sizzles Anchor's away Van Rhymes express from here to attorney and the tender trap. I don't the one he's talking about Sinonness list So during the break I'll scouro. Okay, because it's obviously not an impact it might it might maybe he did buy it up Maybe doesn't exist anymore. What do you say the name for was I forgot oh? Or here it is I forgot 567.0560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line Here's a call from I any hello any how you doing pretty good? Actually, I think two colors back together called the mother a little bit Berkeley right Stoke girls really bad performance and there was a movie I'm a big Robert on your junior fan But those one movie that he did that he plays like a serial killer and That is gotta be the worst acting you can't believe you might as a serial killer at all It looks like a druggy and you're expecting to be intimidated by what a surprise You're wow and I think it's I think it is a showy foster and he has like apples in the movie It's a crazy movie, but it's really bad movie Okay, let me well, how am I gonna know the name of the bag? Yes, it's not your boss. There. It's It's a go any we've something with dreams in it. I forget in dream He's just generally well something with dreams. I'll check those both through the break just relax We'll get them both we get this and after one and a Robert down. He's junior one because I don't want vulnerable I have to check it out because he's he's overburdened already, you know He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a full plate in there 27 past 11 and 5.50 QAM Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story They were a very weird band Let they were from Canada, so there you go. They were crash test dummies I never thought I could get into music in all back then growing up in Winnipeg there weren't many places What the hell inside the behind's cameras kept rolling as an air raid George W. Bush Dressed in some half-assed uniform which suggested that he himself had actually fought in the war Storm into our studios Winnipeg That's Canadian Lots of French people Canadian either well as a matter of fact Winnipeg does have the largest French speaking population in the Western part of Canada But I don't see how you shot up with your French talk, but I'm speaking English, eh? That's how you foolish Lazy French people. What they ever do for us? Will they help you win a couple of awards? Gave you the statue of liberty. They're bunch of losers. They don't even shower and they're women don't shave their underarms Damn, I wish they had some oil. I'd bomb their French asses Mr. Bush, I'm with the crash test dummies. We're just trying to do an interview here And another thing the name your band is now the freedom dummies. We don't even have the word French in our name It's close enough Freedom dummies. You hear me? Whatever. The crash test. I mean the freedom dummies if you don't like it tough luck It's a big juicy shopping went look at show business tonight on inside the behind That W he sure knows his doubles. You know it wasn't thirty two and five sixty now They're yes and not for thing. I couldn't find a one. He's talking about because he said it right all person Huh? I don't think it exists. Gays something and the only one I had anything there's one movie We may call the salt on a queen Okay Well, he made a crap load of movies. Did you know that? Yeah, I did the only ones that I would say that we're like Manchurian candidate was a great movie. Yes, it was and man with a golden arm Never saw it other than that forget about you didn't like the here to we talk 30 now won't pick can and the original Ocean's loving wasn't too bad I don't know Robert down to you junior. You're gonna have to help me with this because I don't know Wonder boys I got I got a list. They're all bad. He's bad No, but that's not the one we're talking about there was a specific one is guy called They know we're not doing that see you're what the colors do now. You're trying to change the thing by the way It changes some more wonder boys was good weird science Chaplain which wasn't chaplain in dreams era America chances of dreams in dreams here. Go. Let's hear it See that wasn't so hard put it down 567.0560 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line Father's Day is Sunday we're asking today. How would you rate your parents? We won't tell them 309 votes both great 152 49.1% Oh Both okay 65 Mother good father lame 47 47 lame fathers both an disaster 33 and Mother good or father good mother lame only 12. See most of the mothers not too bad Virgin I of course didn't get too lucky but That's perfect 567.0560 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line Worst acting performance ever in a movie by an actor actress. That's it's very simple Here's their call from somewhere hello Yeah, yes, ma'ol for drum it says yes, man. Well, I wasn't for drum link for me on a hold I'm in Orlando now I have a good one George. I hope George can help me out with it. It's it was shot Miami ahead Sharon's phone and it Then a sliver Sliver sliver the guy I'm nominating in the old man who is sitting and saying you You stupid You know I mean no, I never saw that movie and it's so vester in it Sharon's gone hired Solvester to put it on the clock for now. I never saw it He he Well, we'll put down sliver and then somebody will call and tell us what you're talking about All right, well, I want more in case if no one remembers that go ahead Demi more in 15 Okay, thanks, you got it. Thanks. Okay, bye Demi Demi get it right more in strip piece now here's one how do I forgotten this while I was so carried away with Godfather three Send of a woman Al Pacino Not just a bad performance and embarrassingly bad. He gets an Academy Award for it The best part to share what a political bunch of crap that is I Mean you talk about overacting and just bizarre his whole of the whole ambiance of his character the whole movie was just unacceptable unacceptable We got to be on our website Are you pardon we got something you want to On our website or something now something a little squirrely Oh, the audience needs to see this Let me see Oh, God Now, look at all and so this one the balls aren't swinging they're just like They're stationary. Oh, they were swinging my heart swinging my balls aren't swinging man. No, I didn't know they were swinging at all was that how you original picture Yeah, yeah, they're the ball swing and it's the editor of a different way I'm sorry anybody can have balls that just the this are sack that just hangs down and but they have swinging balls They'll be swinging is that what more told you at the Etaera. This is the amazing true story Know how our David it is in there taken a leak while beater boy is taking his bath in the sink this morning in a QmT room And Moses to a he's telling you the story about he's coming to work this morning and he sees this Cuban guy getting hit in this car on a way to work in his car In a car next to an highway schmuck and He was obviously obsessed with this because he talked about it at length this morning from one I heard that's about all he was talking about he said He was gonna because there was a tie up on 95. He was gonna take the turnpike going home and it was gonna see if he could find a Cuban guy Which you can interpret that anyway you want maybe he wanted to be the next in line So he's trying to show a beaner boy just to look on a guy's face as he looks over to this next car and a guy had a big smile on his pussy He's getting ahead as he's driving a work Now what do you say to you? Look look and I was like looking down at the sink. He's like no standing he's standing at the urinal taking a leak saying look look And I'm like no if I get it again. He's like no, I've got a look See how I'm standing there in Moa, Santa me look. I'm my thought is I don't think so I thought yeah, so the gallery of the weird the squirrely mo is right next to the mozo Which you can pick your what you ever want you like the best and I have a feeling you'll be able to know What's that thing underneath it there? Yeah, I got to put that picture back unless I'm taking it down by accident. What the forl-pitcher right cuz I resized it Yeah, make his package a little bit smaller. Okay. It's too intimidating for most of the rest of us Pedro and Miami says here's one Nicolas Cage in Con air It was so bad that make Hannah Reeves in Dracula look good. Wow, thanks Pedro got that down Nicolas Cage in Con air Had it Nicolas Cage was worse into face-off with John Trovolta. Well put it down Nicolas Cage and John for a vote for oh my Mm-hmm. I'd rather watch the rest of the transporting for a record watch that 560 560 pound 560 we promises is our last movie show at least until Monday We've been overdue in this for like the last year for weeks now. I'm very movie intensive and We apologize, don't we can we want to apologize to the audience for good like two-one dimensional We don't want to do that we'd rather give away some Marlon tickets It will take for all about another week and then he'll if they'll understand in fact once he once they come back home He starts going with a few more games and realizes that he's got his own section. Yeah He'll begin to realize and especially what's we get in the dog days of July and August When it's 100 reason to shade the mosquitoes or his biggest baseballs and they're right no, buddy there He'll start saying gee, I think this was a bad move on my heart healer for hopping on this gland wagon Here's a lady in four-launnerdale, hello Hi, I was in this rosemary first of all her time rosemary I have a request for you. Can you play my religion and better than your religion? Any special reason? Um, I was because it was a good song and I wanted to hear it Okay, rosemary you got it. All right. Thanks a lot, man. Have a great weekend. You too. Bye bye See another woman who wanted something I just mentioned that in passing I'll be glad to play it for it's a great bit I did just play yesterday though just coincidentally, but I'll be delighted to play it, but Another female caller who wanted some What does she know me I em Hey me homie. Hey hey hey. Put where you find 60. 2 AM. You're a f**k. I really just better than your really. I really can better than your. Yeah I really just want you to acquire you a boy And let them buy. I really just better than yours. I really just better than your really. I really just better than yours. While I really can have the taste, then you'll treat and range you'll date. I really just better than your. I really just better than your. I really just better than your. You're. But we like about it best. I want you to work as a dress, but I really just better than your. Well I really just better than your. I really just better than yours. We have a private app to make a living mind. I really can tell you it's not really candy. I really can tell you it's not a benefit in yours. I can tell you it's not a benefit in yours. You'll be happy to see us on our page and talk in both of my religions better than yours. I'm a religion-stated and rural religion. I really can tell you it's not a benefit in yours. We will be in these empty towns in the type of baby town, private religions better than yours. My religion's better than yours. The mind religions better than yours. We knock on voice of others, you like over rush to spew our view, private religions better than yours. But religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. We wear ties and ride our bikes and get to marry lots of wives. My religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. We don't want to use our brain for mindless living, don't relate, my religion's better than yours. Little time religion's been in that's what's doing. We got that roadmap to piece. Oh! We love each other. 1145, 15 till noon at 5.60 Qm, 3047 votes on pool number one. How would you rate your parents? And I think we're proven our point. Are we not? Yes, we are. Both great 175. It's over 50% of this audience. Oh, rats here! Lucky bastards, because you can pick your nose, you can pick seeds out of your ass, but you can't pick your parents. Both great 175, both okay 70. Mother good father lame 54. Both are disaster 36. Ma. And father good mother lame only 12. See that 54 to 12? 54 to 12. With a good mother and a really crappy father. A lame father and emotional cripple. A basket case. A cold as I stone man. A piece of turd. A distant nasty miserable hostile prick. You got it? I think we made a point. Yeah, got it. So is worthwhile. And in the meantime we're building the other pool which would go up at noon. It'll be up on air all week in line. The worst acting performance ever in a movie was. And so far we got Eli Wallach on father three. Sophia Coppola got father three. Both Derek and Tarzan. What's the name of that movie with Tarzan? What Tarzan? The ape man. Oh, heyton Christian sin pulled a little Hayden. Come on, heyton let me patch you on the head. It'll everything will be okay. Star Wars 2. There'll Hannah in clan of the decay bear and then you got the rest of the list. Oh, it's easy. Oh, lots of the only ones that wrote down. You said you don't have to write them down. So let's rest a load and ride stone. Tom Hanks and jovers at the volcano and Nicolas Cage and Moonstruck. Now, now, why are you reading this? See, this is like what you do with the spots for treasure rousing. Like you're making an announcement. So I'm saying. Courtney. I'm trying. Just exactly in effect. Why can't you read the rest of the list just the same way you were talking to me before that. So I'm trying to give you like a little broadcast etiquette here. Right. Okay, don't be cute. Just read them. Like in your natural for it. In fact, maybe you want to read them in for else voice. They're down on the fast and the furious. It was a needy or the above there. I should kill on the on Kazam. What was he? He's not making enough money. He has to make Kazam. Can't a reason the matrix reloaded. Or either one of them I guess. My don on a long list to these movies. I only wrote half of them down. So being his boy got the body of evidence, Shaying high swept to who is a blood. Elizabeth Berkeley and showgirls. I didn't know anybody was supposed to be acting in that. President of where never going to find out the name of that other movie. Robert Downey Jr. Whatever. In dreams. Nicholas Cage, Conair, Demi Mordz. Demi. Moore and Strip Tees. Al Pacino, and Stenchable Woman. And Nicholas Cage and get that face off. Now I just want to ask Boner Boy if he agrees with me. When you do that voice. Not one you sound better. But you all of a sudden you acquired the same that for a real person. You're actually funny. He's infectious. He's infectious. He's infectious. He's infectious. Oh my. Am I right? Yeah he forgets to be himself. Right. He becomes he's morphing into a forrel junior. I should see it. It's a visual thing to me. Minimony forrel. In fact, probably even as Package grows a little bit. You should see it. Okay, let's see. Now Silver chair. It was that the name of that movie. So I'll sliver. We don't know. For real. She wanted the name of the old guy in it. And we'll never find it. There's a movie that is about a hotel and one of the. Yeah, a pithin tom movie. Yeah. Really? That's not how to do it. Pithin through the peole. Is that in other words? We have absolutely no idea what movie she was talking about. Well, she gave us the to me more when to cover her hands. So we got that on there. Got it. Did you do that when you went to the. Did you do a set of old men with the album? Al Pacino. Yes, I did. I called it Stenchable. Oh, it was. It was. I don't care what. How do I keep doing that? I don't care how anybody tries to tell you that that's a good movie. I in fact, I wish you would see it. I've been begging you to see that. Then you'll see how can that be anybody. Can't be a word for that. What a performance. And talk about an ending. At the end of the movie, he goes back home to I don't know if it's his wife or his sister. I don't know who the hell it is because we never find out. And he goes and he walks in and he's like this crummudgy nasty prick who wanted to kill himself. And everybody hates him and he's that. It just and he just I don't know. He just wanders in and that's it. They don't tell us who it is or what the relationship. I mean, it's just that's it. And you say, oh, thank God, it's over anyway. We don't need a good ending. Just an ending would be good enough. Off will movie. Here's a call from Jupiter. Hello. Yes, sir. George is getting pretty good at that for all boys. I think that's magnificent. It sure is how beats just be in George. I tell you what, uh, speaking of forl that crossover segment that you do when you talk to each other. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I tune in just make sure I catch that every day. Great. You think we ought to do that every day because crossovers can maybe are generally. Huh? I love it every day. Okay. And um, nominations for the poll. Yes, sir. 17 year old nephew is living with me. I think you got this movie for Frank material. It was so bad. It was written he spears in the movie Crossroads. He was awful. I mean, it was embarrassing. I was embarrassed for her. Okay. I got it. If she couldn't lip-up. I mean, it was so bad to see on description. You wish you could lip-sync her movie part. We got it, pal. Thanks. See you. We got it for some monkey spanking material and why not? I've written he's in it. What? We also got the name of that. Silvester Stallone. Shearing stone movie. Really? Yeah. We got it. The specialist. The specialist. Oh, that was awful. And you suppose so. Did you see it? I didn't see it. I didn't need it. The Stoveester Stallone. Exactly. That's why I didn't see it. I wouldn't watch a movie with him in it if you paid me by the second. Oh, you mean you haven't seen Rocky? Well, it's been on TV about 40 million times and every time it comes on. I see about two seconds and that's how long it takes me to change the channel. Now, if that is something, it's something he needs to explain that to man. Or there's a lot of really stupid people out there. There's a lot of people who are admired dumbness because they feel it's like they can relate to it like the president. But I mean, how can you watch him and take him serious? And from what I understand, he really believes he's a great actor. He really believes his own bullshit. Absolutely. Yeah. He's the best. But like I said, there's a lot of dumb people out there. What's wrong with making dumb movies for dumb people? Everybody's going to have something. Just like you're I said about Brittany. You know, I've always got to have some monkey spank in movies. Although generally speaking, if you're going to get a monkey spank in movies, you might as well get one more somebody's really doing it. Yeah, those are skaky ass nasty looking people though. Not necessarily. You're just getting the wrong ones. The recently departed Rod Stiger played the over-the-top Cuban mafia patriarch in the specialist. Well, I think I did see that. Or at least a bit of it. For the action imagine Tony Montana 75 years old. James Wood is the hypersensitive former CIO Sath not to be missed. Says Sean, he has the worst performance must be Christopher Lambert in Grace Dr. O'Gloge and Tarzan, Lord of the Asses. Apes. Did a fine job acting like a monkey? I thought since he makes Steven Sieger look like Sir Lawrence Olivier. Oh no. That's a bigger part. Nobody can make Steven Sieger look like anything but a piece of crap. It doesn't belong on the screen. Yeah. How about what's it on? You know, I never got that other movie. Well, there's a whole bunch of mine ever got. But the one with what's his name that I can't stand from close and copies of the third kind. Which you've got. For Mr. Hollins penis. Never got that. What was it called? Mr. Hollins opus? No, the one that they said was so funny that we'd pee in our pants. Oh, the horse racing movie. Yeah. Let it go. I'm not getting the movie over. Richard, drive this. He just bugs me. I don't like him. And it's not just because of that one. Wait, just don't like the whole his whole ambiance. He's just too, I don't know. He's a melodramatic actor. Just like the actor who played in that port noise complaint that re-led stereotypical GUI and what what tells his name? I never saw port noise complaint. Oh, where he was a screw in the box of liver. Oh, you'd like that. Oh, hey. As a matter of fact, tell terrorists that something got a practice over the weekend in Omaha. And then when he gets back, because they got their famous for the group. He got, you know, their famous for the great meat in Omaha. He said that he likes to be so much he's going to take him home as a trophy in mountain and living room. 567-0560, pound 160. Every time I talk about that, I start envisioning it, you know? And I can actually, some things you say that are so off the wall and you just never could imagine it. But I can imagine that. I don't want to. And I think they like it. That's the scary part. I think that you're talking about two guys or a sodess. But Clarence just turned 30s. Never got laid. Never even got close to being laid. You know? Because at least to get laid, you have to get some a little bit of somebody's close off. Unless it's just a dry hump, you know? He never even got close. The closest he came was two and on some nice young ladies elbow and I was young then. And then the beast, I mean, he's, you know, tell tell your stories, you know? Everyone, like Robert Creeper, he'll tell I'm not a virgin. I'm not a virgin. See, blow up those don't count, Robert. He's got that janitor. We know blow up, he hates her. She's a Democrat. That's what I'm saying. That's why he's trying to kind of like a thing from the exercises. Cameron 76 votes on your parents with five days day to Sunday. This is our proof, proof of point pool. 383. How would you rate your parents both rate a hundred ninety three over 50%. Right. Good. I think that shows you why our audience is so well balanced. You know, both okay 77. Mother, good. Father lame 17. Mother, father, good mother lame 17. 57 17. And both of his ask to 39. Oh, poor babies. 39 with two bad. There are no wonder some of us are so dysfunctional. You know. Yeah. I'm not seriously. See, my life could have been, and not that I'm completely, and I'm doing pretty good for a for a schmuck. But it could have been so different. But the problem being that based on my upbringing, you can't complain about my social skills, because I don't have any old built character, you know. When you have a hard time. No, sir. You see, you didn't hear what I just said. You can't complain about my social skills, because I don't have any. Oh, come on. What? You know how to, you have table manners and whatnot. I'm not talking about etiquette. There's evidence between social skills, which mean interacting with other people. And etiquette, which is like, you know, don't slobber too much all over the table, and walk around with all your lunch on your shirt like fat rich. You know, this is your 20-by-city. You way, yeah. Just stay Goldstein. But you can call me, Gauzi. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to, wait a minute, I am in town. It's the 12th of a hour. Five. Save them, spread me. I want to let you know you want my favorite to eat. Because I love that you do who can't always stay that with you, just a little more to see. Pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty. Pretty, a way of t-shirts as my 90. Pretty, a way to have you all my body. When it comes to any day, there's no way you've been a win for best be never for men. I've been doing this for long, haven't you? Have you, Dirk? Even though I love you so much, you'd best stay out of my way. Pretty, you know that I think you're a honey. Yeah. Pretty, like I used to dance to your body. This was kind of, I had a little bit of a thing here, this flower is for Altsronon, which I got in the spell, even I'm an Altsronon. What's the name of the actor? Do you have any of this? I don't know who that is. Cliff Robertson was the star. Yeah. I didn't, I don't remember anything wrong with that movie. Anybody being terrible in it? And I'm kind of wasting more time because I've been looking at looking. The one that keeps coming up here is that must have been made for TV movie of it. And all these other people were not at him, nobody. And anything that says with John Wayne, well that's good. I would agree with that, but we've got to have a name of the movie. Here's what it says. The worst performance ever, where did you have a shatter and then say Schmittner, as Kirk in Star Trek? I can't disagree with that. I mean, no, in terms of putting it down, I'm going to pick one star trek in particular. Why do you go right ahead? Star Trek, the first masturbation is that the one you like? Star Trek, the motion picture, the first one, whatever. Okay, William Schatter and Star Trek. For my one kid, I'll just put down Star Trek because I'm just saying an arm. Same stiff, you know, affected William Schatter and Star Trek. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pun. And I'll just get the new pull up there. Okay, here's the final result on the apparent pull. Oh, we need one more vote to get to 400. I like a nice even number. One more, come on. You can do it. I'm refreshing it. I'm looking. I'm waiting. Come on. Like I said, 403. How would you rate your parents? Both great, 202, 50, 0, 1%. Both, okay. Not great, but, okay, 82, a 20% up 20. Mother, good father, lame, 60. Both parents are the zashtere 40 and a good father, but a lame mother. Oh, there's nothing worse than a lame mother. We have any of those at QAM, 19. So 60 bad fathers only 19 lame mothers. See it? Plus 40 you say both of them stumped like, like, what's his name like, Remus? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Don't forget our close personal buddy, Joe Costello, used to be our friend. He'll ask that I was going to give the dolphin tickets to be in a boy this year. Well, maybe you'll split him up with him, huh? He'll share. I was thinking of giving him some of them in. And then you thought, why would I do that when I could sell him? Right. Well, by give, I mean, I'm giving him to you and then you do whatever you want with him. You know what I'm saying? I'll give you those parking passes, too. Those purple parking passes. See, I have a feeling that he's probably going to mind of selling him. Some of them probably get some good books. We could sell him right on here. We could auction him off and say it's for our favorite charity. Be in a week. Right. 560 or 050. 560. Who do you like? Your regular George or the forlginor George. I already did that one time. Yeah. And the forlginor George won by a mile. You better practice up on that because you're going to have to have a whole summer doing that. You better start drinking like a lot of the hang way. Tea with honey and lemon. Other artists inhaling those stars. That's supposed to inhale him, but I think I'm going to have to. Just to keep my voices. How long do you think he talked like that since that this is real voice? How long? Yeah. What what age did he develop that voice? You couldn't have possibly had that all his life. You didn't have the age at 12. When I had the serpentine accident, when my friend said this was scotch. I'll tell you one thing, when his nut straw was going to be like a guy they mrth quick. Let's see, Brad Pitt is an IRA terrorist in the devil's own. Was easily the worst attempted acting in the history of cinema. His pathetic effort at portraying a terrorist with Irish descent was so appalling that I personally went on strike against the whole industry for six months. If it was anyone else their career would have been blacklisted until they were buried, lucky it for him even though he's had a sexual guy's thinking he's pretty. He is pretty. Even some of us homo, he was. Also, any van afluck will be she do well on your pool. This isn't a movie, but David Schwimmer in band of brothers almost destroyed the entire series. And it says, Big Lebowski is hilarious. That dinner broke keeps trying to talk me out of. I'm going to go out and give it to me. And maybe even watch it tomorrow. How do you like that? Chan, don't miss it. Hey listen, can't be any worse than train spotting. Train spotting was a masterpiece of a movie. Oh, please. How could anybody? You know, I'm giving Joe Custell a result of his dolphin tickets for a long time. I was kind of like a tradition. And I have a feeling you're trying to like talk your way out of him. You're you're re-mean that the train spotting was a masterpiece of a movie. Even for non-feetful freaks. Also, in other words, you're admitting that you're a feetful freaks. That was you trying to say now. They called this cat man. Oh, God. 560560. I mean, here is a guy. Yeah, I think we're on the Ferrell secret. I think you brought him out of the closet. I think that once you anybody, anybody puts on that voice. And people that weren't even a mildly amusing before are now all of a sudden they're a panic. Chan. Those people are evil. 5605605. Here's a call from Daytona Beach, hello. Hey, yes sir. Frank's an actor movie was called the Kissing Bandit. Okay. Okay. I wasn't close with Catherine Grace and absolutely the words. But you know, it would have made sense of a woman a good movie. If while he's driving blind, that they both got killed. Yeah. That's your one. Sure. Good movie. All right. I agree. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally. Okay, boss. See, he's right. Yeah, he was driving a Ferrell. He test driving a Ferrell. Blind man. And Chris O'Donnell is home. Oh, take a sharp left here. I mean, it's so, it's just so preposterous. And it's in New York, no less. But there's nobody on the streets. There's no cars parked alongside the curb. There's just all these empty streets. There's no traffic in the middle of the day. Just coincidentally, there happens to be no traffic. And he's flooring it. I don't want to say it's just a little bit ludicrous. Okay. Just a little bit outrageous. The whole premise and everything. Yeah. And then the best one of the best parts of the movie. I'll spoil it for you. Because I'll avoid that. You're wasting your time seeing it. As when he takes this war, this Marine hero who's now adodowing a fool. And they take him in the limo. And Chris O'Donnell sitting outside in limo while he's in the, the whole house trying to get laid. And he can't get it up. And comes out real sad, you know. That, that to me was one. I think that was very appropriate for the whole ambience. Oh, awful. Just brutal. 567. 560. Pound 560 on the AT&T. In Verizon Wireless Line. Last night was the MTV Movie Awards. It was. Yeah. They've been replaying it for a week. Oh, in other words, it's a week old. Yeah. Like I said, last night MTV showed the movie awards again. I thought it was actually, oh, what the hell do I know? Right. They actually had some funny pieces. Oh, I didn't see my funny piece. I saw a part where they were trying to be funny with Will Smith and I forget who the other character was under with him. And it was so pathetic. And it was the comedy movie award. And then luckily Austin Powers won it. Mike Myers. Yeah. But they were trying to be funny. And the funny thing was that they both said a line. And then he said, July 18th. Right. Yeah. Did you see that? Yeah. And that was, and then we're yucking up. I died in the year. Bad boys. Bad boys too. Oh, my God. Will Smith. He makes me gag up before that I've eaten years ago. Oh, for a scuttle, while they're both on stage. Oh, my God. Jesus. Good God. All mighty. And of course, if you say that, that makes your racist. If you don't like Will Smith, I don't dislike him because he's black. I love Morgan Freeman. I love Denzel Washington. Although I can't tell him from the other. Even a one's old enough to be the other one's grandpa. But. But. Oh, Will Smith. Then you'd really enjoy six degrees of separation starring. Will Smith. Oh. Oh, gag me with a prune. Here's a call from Bokus speaking of prunes. Hello. Good one. Okay. I'll whistle. That must have been more with a phone stuck up his. I don't bag. Mopo. The mobile phone. Oh, don't forget. Get to our website, please. All I'm already going to vote. The new poll is up there. Look at this. There's going to be a lot of choices on here. I'm going to vote for the very first one because I'm the one that's stuck it on there. I walk. I don't care what you say. He may slice the loan. Look like Gregory Peck. He, at least in that movie. I'm not saying Eli Wallach was always a bad actor. But that that performance. It was just mind blowing. Please eat the can only faster Eli eat a couple of them. Really good. Okay. We got some votes on there already. But just a smattering. The new poll is up. The worst acting performed. See, and again, don't confuse the worst actor or actress. Which isn't necessarily so because he sure is. I wouldn't say Eli Wallach is the worst actor in history by far. No. But in that particular performance we'd make an exception. It was just indescribable. And so, Fia, you're almost, I mean, even though I put her on there, she's got a couple of votes. You're almost reluctant because she's not a real actress anyway. She just happened to be right there with a family. Right. Here's a lady in for Lauderdale. Hello. I just wanted to tell you that the name of the obnoxious Jewish guy is Richard Benjamin. Richard Benjamin, he makes me sick. He made me sick too and many things. But I wanted to ask you, what is the name of that British actress that's in a lot of things he was in that like Rio de Janeiro movie? Michael came. Michael came. His worst performance ever. Not that he's a horrible actor. He's a great actor. He's a great actor. But when he tried to play a southerner in her eavesundown. Many, many years. So there's an accent. Yeah. It was unbelievable. It was a horrible performance. We'll put it down. Okay. I mean, that's a lot of people are going to remember that. Okay. You're welcome. One is good enough. Thanks a lot. Michael came in sundown. I see the bad accents. I mean, forget about it. The whole movie. Which I was reading a review on what's that robber where James Matt Damon movie. Good. Good little honey. And aside from the fact that robber where James eventually breaks into his usual style routine, a side from that fact. The the south Boston accents are so bad in there. And I think that's in my big bone book. The the bone book. It says will will Matt Damon's bone is so bad in there. Speaking about Michael came. I do like Matt Damon. I do like Matt Damon. I do. You got a winner. You got a winner? Jaws for a forgot what the woman's name is. The mother of all the jaws is in jaws for. She's the shark mother. So well. No. Mama shark mama shark. Mama shark. I'm going to find that her name. But that has to do one of the worst performances by any actor. Okay. What's on the school place? Jaws for. Twenty. Now she and all the jaws is yes. Oh. Here's the 25th anniversary. Collectors edition when you like maybe George will buy it for you. For your birthday. Where to act. And I'm clicking on it. And I'm clicking on it. You know what really frost my ass when you're doing a search and you get a pop up bad. Is that supposed to happen? Huh? Go seriously. Does that supposed to happen? They have ways. Oh. We have ways. Okay. I'll get to it during the break. I don't want to get behind here. But I got the big shark is on here. Now look at that. Full color. And there's some man naked broadspoon on top. Stark naked. Make it as a jabber. 12 13 at 560 WQM. Barbecue's galore has got an onion. And certainly nobody can match their deals either. This way check out their incredible deal. Unbeatable. On the three burner barbecue chef. It's a barbecue's galore exclusive. And it cost only $199 bucks. It's got 42,000 VTUs. A 625 square inch cooking. Where you in a build and hood thermometer. You can't beat this deal for a liquid propane grill. For your. Uh. Traditionalists out there. Check out the new beef master charcoal grill. Another barbecue's galore exclusive. It cost only $199 bucks. With more than 600 square inches of cooking space. Cast iron cooking grills. An adjustable fire grate and a full wood ash catcher. Both these grills will make a perfect gift for probably today. So hurry on in there this weekend. And speaking of fathers day barbecue's galore's got great gift. That is for dad. And that is if you have a good one. For all price ranges. Many of 150 bucks. Barbecue's galore carries the biggest selection of barbecue. Accessory. They got everything in need. They have charcoal. They got smokers. They'll get supplies. All of the guaranteed lowest prices anywhere in town. And when you go into barbecue's galore. Be sure to take advantage of no payment. Same as cash. Finance until January 2004 on a proof credit. You'll find stores in plantation. That's a university drive in a prestigious fountain shopping center. And a cross-grained corner of sample and rock island roads. Please keep in mind for all your barbecue we need. This summer an audio round. Great stores. You'll love shopping here to people are stupid. Barbecue's galore. My local. You're sports video 560's you a. You a. Yeah. Best. Are you a terrorist to start paying outrageous prices for your tools of one and destruction? In terms of crazy athletes, these guys. There is a warehouse. Hey, even though you're the Laced Islamic Continental Scaling Machine, you still know a bargain when you're a. And we can don't. It's a big car bomb blow. I've spent the dollar by a start back to it over 1000 pounds of exchanges. It's free and conditioning. Because when you're getting ready to drive into a building and draw your head off, you want to be cool and comfortable. How can I do this? I'm crazy. Just like you did their only buy one schemas. Geet 53 available and black. Red. Toy toys and door because when you're compushing the great state and non-as you're not. You space. You want to love shark. By pounds we get to five pounds. My thumbs, my thumbs straight with so much struck blood, your evil American targets will be wish-lin-dixy up the other side of the rest. By one, my thumbs, it is at the brush, not the screen. Perfect for the next time you'll catch your wife without your veil. Cover your face, face-meaming, get your face-lunch. So come to crazy, I can imagine this come. There is a warehouse. We're declaring only one, I'm president. Great, I know. Probably 18 is five, 60 W.M. happy Friday, too. We got the mad dog back from a really rough work week. It is really been overdone this week. He'll be at the Hooters and Pember Pines today, really finishing out our brutal week, two to four. Hank Goldberg and a studio four to seven. And we got QAM Re-Lound, the best of QAM, at the 7 to 730. You notice it's a really short show? Yeah, I noticed it. Marlins on deck 730, Marlins at the Rangers 805, Eddie K. after the baseball game, ESPN radio overnight. Here's the first votes on our pool. The worst acting performance ever in a movie. Oh, I'd be forward to that. You only female, I find them list of characters. Actor Lorraine Gary. Is that her? That's her. And he draws? Yes. So we put that on there. Lorraine Gary and draws. He did it. Got it for you. Thank you. You're welcome. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. The worst acting performance ever in a movie was and you could vote now. And we'll build out the list. We're building it. The key loanile in Kazam has got 10. Well, I'm sure glad I missed that. But Sophia Coppel on Godfather 3 has got 6 already. Dude. Dude. I mean, it's like, it's like most of the other people in the movie were acting except for her Eli Wallach and George Hamilton, the third or fourth or whatever he is. Okay. Oh my god. Sophia's got 6. Canterrieves in the Matrix 5 Eli Wallach got 5. The 3's got 4. Let's hear it. Oh, that's my choice. Voderic in Tars and the 8 man's got 4. Slice the load and Ryan stones got 4. Vindies have been affected in Furious 3 and also Brittany and crossover's got 3 and Arrested like. And we're just building it. We're just getting started. Just getting our feet wet. Cross over. Have you heard the movie? The movie is a little off-road. But who am I? Well, it says, Krona, whose mistake is that? Is that bener boys, mistake or error, it's mistake? I have a feeling it's bener boy. Probably was. Is it your mistake? I'm sure it was. Okay, well there's one pair of tickets that just, here's Pompano Beach, hello. Pompano Beach, speak to me. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I am. Okay. If they haven't called this one in, just seen Bacon and Seed. Is this the name of the movie? Speed. Speed. Just being Bacon. Okay, we got you down, pal. Just being Bacon wasn't saved. Oh, Leo, can you do something for me? Anything you like? Can you play two joints because the weekend? Okay, you got a man. He has all the celebrity smoked his. Because she wasn't in that movie. Sandra Bullock. Sandra Bullock said, I like Sandra Bullock. Let's not pick on her. How could she have been in an adenovat performance? Just fine. A cutie fine performance. It was nothing wrong with it. You know, somebody that is always the word that comes to my mind. When I think of Sandra Bullock, cutie. And she was even in a movie with Ben Affleck. The wooden stone faced Ben Affleck. And that movie was kind of cute. I don't know what the name of that movie was. You know what I'm talking about? Forces of Daitry. Was that it? I don't know anything. I'm just trying to. But it was okay. And not because of him, but because she's cute. I just like her. And what was that movie that she was in? I can never think of the name of where she was like in Chicago. And she met the guy on the guy that almost got killed on the subway. Oh, I don't know. And he wanted to call me. Yeah. And she waited and he came out of the coma. And he had an amnesia. And he thought that she was his wife or fiance or whatever. They're whole family. His whole family thought that. Right. I forgot that he was a movie. But I don't know. And that was the cute movie. I like Sandra Bullock. Let's not pick on her. Okay. I would be. Well, like you said, last time maybe smoked a little bit too much. Maybe we'll have some bad crap. Some unrighteous crap as opposed to the really righteous crap. Like Damon was getting. They had a pretty good business going there for why the nurse? No. I'm sorry. See that. I just had a store point with George. What? What? When I said that Damon and the Harry had a pretty good business going there. Oh, yeah. They did. But. Yeah. Three kills. The shoe box started getting empty here and I'm scared. Yeah. I mean, if you were like a cylinder drugs, wouldn't you? And did we ever figure out where it is that they were hiding at shoe box in the closet? Was it a post office box? Yeah. I know it was not in a house or something. It was like in a something. Oh, geez. Everybody knows. Not get high. It's gone. And I want to clarify once again because George is usual as you'd expect depending Jennifer Conley. And I like her a lot. But the fact is she was the achievement of wood piles. She's the one I created a whole problem because because Harry was trying to raise it up money to buy her that store and just put her set her up in business. Otherwise, they would have just been satisfied to be in just your regular little old junkies and run ahead of go out there and get into a big song in advance. They wouldn't have been there when they rated that joint when I truck came in a town and took off her floor. I'd die. They wouldn't have gotten in the thing and gone to floor. Right. He wouldn't have had that big purple thing in his arm. Which meant they had a chop it off. I retunke it. She was the one that sunk it. And she was she was she was I mean okay. I mean you could when you talk about addicts naturally you're not talking generally about people who wind up with like a nice person now. I'm saying bring up the best in people. Yeah. But I mean she was an extra bitchy slut. She was just and blamed it on him. Right. And of course, you know if I have to choose between him and her, I'm going to choose him. Even without the arm. Even without the arm. Even without the arm. I mean, I have one. In fact, without the arm, maybe you could use some help. 567. 560. Pond 560. Let me hear your hand. Let me hear. I'd be glad to lend her a hand. If he maybe eat a sandwich. Just one or two. We'll invite him into our studio since it's the only one in the building you can eat in. Anybody missed a bullet in this morning on a moan for real shows on a moan for a cross over. No eating out in their studio. No food out in the hallway there because parents just play in Puchpa. See, you know what I think it is? You notice the timing of this? The coincidence more than a coincidence the fact that I brought Clarence out of the closet. The fact that he saw this, but they will hump the beast to try to get laid. So now he's trying to like build up that macho image. The program director. He's going to start throwing his way around. Which is really not that much. And he's going to start sending out my mimos. You can't do this. You can't do that. There's no food. Even that table lets it's out there that we're talking about. What she ought to install. No, because they haven't been in the building. Most of them. But there's a table. That's the food table, right? That's the breakfast table for the morning show. No, in the kitchen. Whole crap. Bushman. That's where everybody who brings in food, including back in the days of our end. Scott and those guys. And everybody else they put all that stuff there. The affair asked her a dorin. She pows up the stuff there. Oh, and also you were coming this morning. Speaking of golf tournaments. You'll be had that golf tournament to raise money for charity. Which they keep talking about and padding them all the way back. See if you're going to raise money for charity. Don't patch yourself on the back all the time. I'm not going to give him back to the community. Just do it. Okay. I mean, you can announce it promoted. Put Oki Pente. But anyway, so Mo didn't show off for that. Gully golf tournament? No, Bo. I'll be damn. No, Mo. The rumor is he wasn't town when he said he wasn't. So you're saying that he just shined him. That's what he was. Couldn't we just probably have one of many reasons that the combination of all of these things have a gully over the edge and caused him to like just vanish. Come on, my wife. And look. Oh, my spirit is in the form of real high-six things. Way to way, yeah. David's a bitch. Yes. Yes. Five, 60. WQAM is relieved to present the Farell and Gildy Show. That doesn't have a feralic. That boy is too much no better in the end. That it's all dying. Yeah, I don't have to bring a towel to light the chair off no more. Yeah, I don't have to bring a towel to light the chair off no more. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I just see what's on boys all day. No cuss talking. I don't know. He's sound like that. No, this doesn't my boy. I'm not putting you on every day. I wake up sound in the same way. Hey, he's the boy to say. I was so mad. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Oh. I was saying, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. You want a change of voice? Yeah. I want a gladly when I do. But what do I gotta do is grab your balls like that? I will, I will get fish. I will, I will. I will, I will. We're going to eat a fine path. I will. You won't fall down. I will. I will punch you. But what you come for grippy is the. Oh Yeah, you have always changing this What a most sure has a interesting package you know it Look I'm sorry just quoting him from this morning His balls ain't swinging it though. You've been a work on that It's a complicated thing, but yeah, he's working it because we got a real battle going under we got squirrely mo against mozo In fact, you know something maybe on Monday We'll have like our first year. We do the early pull Yeah, we'll have a runoff on that and find out which one they like the better Squirrely mo I think that likes squirrely mo a little bit better when his packets are swinging around Can be a little bit more in your face As Joe Costello might say Don't forget Joe is out at Verizon Wireless till 2 p.m 320 on I think I've heard my me beach look for the QA and Vani's got some prizes and Martin tickets and he'd be just tickled that to see And say all kinds of nasty things about me since I'm given his dolphin tickets to be in board this year And especially considering how ugly beanie boy is the fact that I'm being generous enough to do that Because I'm always the one to get to queues, you know, oh, and also don't forget today is the last month I know for the weekend, but they won't be able to hear about it First remind them about the hot couples contest because the deadline to get your pictures in an e-orgie's.com is 10 a.m on Monday And then next week we'll be doing the voting all week long put the pictures up on a website and people can vote for the hottest couple of more And we got about a dozen something like that thereabouts and they're some pretty interesting people on here But I will say this it's not like the first the last one right we had the models as a couple who you know right off the bat that they were either gonna win or maybe be second at the worst Here it's kind of like a level playing field Oh my god, it's engineer Julio. How you doing amigo? I'm doing good. Me, how are you? I'm doing fine except for the fact I'm coming back for a few days, but I'll be out of there. I heard you had phone troubles I was calling You'd be the guy What are you doing these days? I was just calling to number one say goodbye to you and Number two tell you what a pleasure was working all that time with you. Did we already do this? Well, not a hour, but yeah, not on the air. Oh, we didn't do it on the air, okay? No, and let you know I'll be moving on to Phoenix. I picked up the job there. Excellent Beautiful anything anywhere to get out of South Florida can only be moved up in a world. Oh, you don't understand how happy I am All this I think I've been ever happy to me. I think I do Anyways, I just wanted to call them Let you know are appreciated everything you ever did for me and It was great working with you and George and and even Carlos Well, we appreciate everything you did for us this was an engineer who really cared He's one of the few people ever walked in that building you cared about doing a good job and this still you up here as a testament to you because you did a lot of the work on it They're toward the end It was my pleasure and and as always you know, I'm I'm proud to do whatever I can Is matter fact in honor of this call Julio after this show I'm gonna go out and write your name out and the alley Oh, do you think you can also maybe get a dance for me at the sense of art? For under 20 bucks Yeah, good luck. Holy old been here and from you. Thanks. He'll take care. Bye. Oh, you too. Bye bye Good guys see to show you we're not a bunch of hard-hearted bastards. Oh, there's a really good guy Holy old engineering Holy. We got a job in the finish. He's getting out of South Florida He was up here for a couple days. He discovered every nook and cranny and alley and the he's an interesting guy We must have we miss him. We miss him already and look at all these sort of problems We had there immediately upon his following but now we got the fix it in our fix it's okay. What does he work about one day a month? Oh, he's here. Is he fix it's actually in a building? Yes, well that's something 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Shack. I don't think they're gonna catch your shack all those Sophia's on his ass Shack has got 22 she killed on the Elforekazan worst acting performance ever Sophia's got 13 for godfather three. Bo Derek. There's any eight man nine See, I mean, and that's interesting because ordinarily would want to be picking on Bo Derek and Brittany and people It still says crossover on my thing here Isn't the name of it cross dresser? I mean cross Your heart and hope to die but in better news. Yes swing and going on on the website Oh no Everybody in the audience immediately is gonna have to take a look on our website and there it is right underneath the The flame of words flaming which I think is appropriate Right underneath the plug for the hot couples contest. There it is It's mo and is swinging nuts. Oh wow You know something I'd be hard pressed to tell you which one I like better Scorley mo or mozo Because mozo more from the bald headed the toothless mo into like the clam mozo the clown But swinging mo just he's like kind of stale there, but his nuts swinging a breeze Yeah, I like that Look look Maybe that's what he would maybe he had a black and premonition 567 0560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line be sure and check out Scorley mo over the wicked Okay, we'll not be disappointed. He's a real swinger Here's for a lot of deal. Hello Oh, no, yes, sir. Yeah, the worst acting performance ever I didn't see the movie but just seen the previews was enough for a See spool and he bird was vanilla ice and cool as ice and then we Madonna did Okay, we got you down, man And also that you had a couple of weeks ago about the most underrated access Yeah, Steve McQueen because then movie's happy on I saw when I was seven I'm up to seen it like 30 times since about 30. Yes, it's great movie. Yeah, I had I had a fight with my world with the color of the deal The XSW arguing which was the best decade and movies and I was selling in the 70s and he would sell I mean the 90s 90s I tell them no, and you know, I'm the famous distort I said the godfather the French connections network the exercises Happy on I mean, no work Down for glory Great movie If something you can have a pro it's the what kind of take people got up there You know, which was the best decade of movie that is it right? Yeah, thanks a lot, pali Thank you sir, bye bye. We got you now for no ice Did you have it a movie? Well, you know, he made movie made some great music Five six to the 05 60 who is no well will Smith I'll tell you that. Oh, he just I just see him and I get angry You know, I don't be grudge anybody rosio Donald I'm and just get sick when I see her But I don't be grudge anybody anything okay because life is short and you do the best you can and if you're lucky enough to fall into a bucket of crap Grab it, you know or like the guy in the Transpods said if you fall into a bucket of crap fish around in it I still can't I cannot believe the fact that you're trying to encourage me to watch the rest of that It ain't gonna happen. It is not gonna happen. Oh My goodness So what what was the one to determine that the being a boy used before he's a fecal freak That's what he used well he sure came to the right place to work. I'll tell you that because that's our motto with QAM We'll full-ashmit 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T line here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir Make sure you Take clear of the Vehicle wise okay, all right here we go. I got a couple Tom Green Freddy got figured Oh, yeah, what up. What a big smash that was where I carry glitter Yeah, let's put Tom Green down just out of spite and just just for the road The rock the mummy returns now. I got the worst performance The worst performance by an actor as Jesus Christ and that's Had nearly Jesus Christ superstar I I know just don't get all emotion. Let's think guys no kidding Oh Hi, this is Hillary Clinton. I hope when you run out to buy my book you won't be too shocked to discover I have a fat bitch swinging under my skirt But you can't blame Bill he's certainly not gay I just had the credentials every politician needs to be a wife of convenience and it's pretty much ended with that Bill is such a horn dog He probably would have never noticed I had man like anyway and Chelsea well if you buy my book You can read all about the affair I had with Sandra Bernharden our lunch aisle now I wasn't born a Democrat. I switched parties after looking in the mirror and seeing the body of tiponeo So by my book now because I can never have enough if you order a copy today I will personally autograph the all-newed scratches to fall down And you you're almost looked up today Who what you almost let me slip up? I have read my sentence from a Hillary book yet Damn it, but I just came up with a good idea I'm not gonna slip this back with me when I come back so no, I'm gonna keep them on the edge of their sheep But see I'm not gonna do it at the beginning of the show because they make it predictable Plus there is no beginning of the show anymore now that paralysis because you know, we do that crossover for about an hour But anyway, here's the today. This is what about the fifth sentence Hillary says I was free to make choices unavailable to past generations of women in my own country and inconceivable to many women in the world today That's it Aren't you really getting into it now This is enough to make you want to just rush right out and pick up two three copies and give it to everybody you know or just rush right out five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty Let's see don't ever take that off the side. It's hysterical and infectious as Richard evil always talking about the swing and mo Instead of squirrely know, oh, well, we are call it swinging mo What do you think He's he swinging it and infectious nutty And you notice they just keep swinging back and forth and back and forth. It can't stop 5 6 7 0 5 60 take Carlos look Now you have to have embellished that story that could not be for real Was that I'm talking about being a boy and talking that story about his encounter in the tea room with modus morning Maybe he said look one last time You sure he didn't say look at this I Would have left five six seven. Oh five 60 pound five 60 on a 80 and two and Verizon wireless line. Maybe he was pointing at his bag. You don't know Here's your call from water hill hello Water hill going once Going twice gone 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound five 60 on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line You know what is happening? I'd let him are getting off of the phone and a Russian lyric computers and you know what? I don't blame him. In fact. I got to look at it one more time I just gotta get my fix of swinging mo come on. Let's go and you know something see this a little bit slow get nonner because two damn any people Are you picking on Eric again? Good good get him all of psychotic. It don't take much Gallery of the weird here you go from the twisted minds of our talented listeners and here you have on the left squarely mo and her swinging Back and forth to and fro and mozo on a ride Squirly mo and mozo And a best news of it all is that guilty is finally wise up and he'd hold on Oh, he's evidently disappeared Maybe he's down there in that pit with Sheridan in that rat But a shame only on passions could the sick minds who write that show put a beautiful beautiful young lady like Sheridan down in that pit with the rats knocking around at her feet now those wouldn't be Gambian rats would they might be maybe they're like just the cheapest God George loves saying that word Gambian rat he likes something about that. I don't know what it is Does it sound to it? Hmm Worst performance is this faster piano Reeves and a remake of Dracula Valley boy accent and period custom filters with embarrassed laughter. Oh, we got to put that down can't a Reeves and Just everything Would you are you listening to me? Yes Can't a reason Dracula we can't put that if you have any ID how many movies so many people have made when you go and do a search on there Like I was looking for that's enough for movie which a turn out was kissing banded He's he made about 185,000 movies Didn't have time for that crap. Wow. He said they just started our horses that want their heads chopped off Best vision of the future sci-fi movie a boy at his dog you are Love that movie very very young Don Johnson who look very good in that movie by the way, no, what do they were milking For example, I guess they assume I haven't seen as I talked about them movie for years I we both did love the right especially me. I love it. Lack of it ending his there that's how he made a good choice So why Neil hates transporting it's a self-lozed at loading straight guy thing What So in other words, beanie more likely because he is self-loading straight guy I guess it says if you like Transpotting you should see lock stock and two smoke and barrels has a very stupid title But excellent characters and super twisted plot. It's funny satin has fantastic violence scenes Oh great That is good at that, but same direct right right I don't mind the violence. I don't even mind the snatch Okay, but I don't want to see that Well, no crap and snatch you guys match next. Oh If I got a line for that Yeah, I need to do a touch in it. I'm not touching it with your hand or tongue another best funny moving violin movie two romance It says I like it a lot. I have it I like it, but I don't think you'll like it Oh Quentin's turn. Tino. It's a Christian Slater. It's really violent and Christian Slater and you have it Yeah, it was a gift. Thank you very勿勵 And you like it. It was all right in spite of him. This is the number one Christian Slater hater in the world I mean, I can take it more leave me doesn't make me nauseous. What he does do I hate him Why is that? I hate his whole act is unbeons his personality. I'll tell you what we're beginning to dislike a lot and that's James Spader Oh, I hate him. I've hated him for years. Yeah, he started to really get on my nerves I know anyway why the masses don't like movies like Magnolia network or Memento if you've never read anything or been anywhere If you don't want anything about literature, religion, fine art, history, or culture Then most of it flies right over your head. You miss all the irony and it's boring Sadly the only literary illusions that most people can catch today are about political TV shows and commercials Oh, like the ones that book a brand does Oh And this is excellent facts right on target. Beautiful and there'll be pleased that I did not only see a boy in his dog several times but loved it like crazy loved a very lovely non-Johnson Who is really good in that too was a rest in peace speaking of Magnolia? Jason Robard's dead. He was great on biography last night another underrated actor James Coburn right like we just died a couple of years ago he was only good five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty only eighteen t line we got a dead ass time now so fias red on shacks black ass the worst acting performance ever in a picture was twenty eight votes a piece for shickel o'Neill and kazan and so fia copula dead in godfather three dead hey so fias dummy up bitch uh... look at that he pulled to a head again that's gonna be a battle that's where the horse races with these fears in crossroads what's real name of it cross-dressing thirteen board direct cars and the eight man thirteen so vestist alone rhinestone eleven see this i want to say this seriously if there's anybody out there in this audience anywhere in the world who really likes slice the loan and things that he's a real actor real good to some help okay take up a collection and listen to the bookley and showgirls ten e-l i wall a godfather three e-l i's hanging air he's got the eye sliced alone the specialist nine can't read the matrix eight then these old eight for the uh... fast in the furious time hangs doing a volcano you must have sneaked that in there when i was looking no talk about it did we talk about it yeah agreed with with too bad and then of course also with five votes who uh... alpachino the sentival men sent me right to the toilet that's what it sent me it is bad i i want you to see it i'll tell you what when i'm there i'll buy and bring you a copy that that's how that's how badly i want you both to see it and then we won't you won't have to take it back and you won't have any excuses that you got to date late i want to watch it at your uh... bruise on amusement here's a call from hollywood hello they know how you don't pretty damn good all right how about then marino in eight center of pet detective that was some ugly work then marino was in a movie yes sir wasn't i didn't carry movie yeah yeah wasn't that and then he boy was in it time it was okay let's put it down let's pick on dany if it's good enough for ferrell it's good enough for us thank you no thanks pali and let's put on dany before we like you dany but they know you're not perfect you got those abat man lips you got it we got it dany marino there won't be too many votes for that because it's you just you don't pick on dany and Jimmy you can pick on okay hey you're talking big games you mean see if it's me i want brine greasy just no i take it back i want to see a fever because i i'm a papia's fan i take that back but if i were dolphin fan which i'm not i want brine greasy to start at first game when you remember he's a good back sir that that max is 20 pages and we can't read any of them they're not too facts anymore right he facts again yeah hey you're an asshole sir we hate you marino where's that god oh five six seven oh five six but we'll never have any use for that again as well play it there right should kill 31 so fear 28 it's a two horse race and you know something ever to you wins by uh nose uh here's pepper pine hello pepper pine's going once here's plantation key hello and you all are you doing pretty good good uh that uh sandy bullet what we were talking about yeah called uh while you were sleeping right good movie and yeah you know in public word for a cutie yeah in doable well okay uh usually worst performance ever in a movie Kevin Cosner and Robin Hood haha oh yeah the way he killing costume in does yeah that was terrible he even makes me look like mr. personality okay we got you down pal thanks a lot a Kevin Cosner and Robin Hood and just about almost anything else you did but that's a good one you think you think he's got some of the naked pictures of the anybody of whoever makes these movies of whoever makes it does the casting and he's another one of those people you dare not say the bad about Kevin Cosner because he's a uh he's like legendary you know am I right yeah he's legendary five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and for rise in wireless line rumble I'm here is that Joe Costello is really pissed off at Bonerboy I get take Joe too for sucking up but yeah you could go with John yeah he can leave his lovely wife home and she can do the knitting or whatever she's doing and get some little booties for that baby that's coming oh you like a lot you're do our mostiest trio actually they are back in the next installment in the tricks the clear prophecy in the third prophecy the order of the sets this does it would have become yes first there was the matrix in the matrix reloaded now matrix uncocked directed by the former Larry Wachowski now notice Debbie coming soon with either at a dumpster near you oh one oh one at five sixty wm r a good friend Lynn Samils has some suggestions devil's advocate she nominates al Pacino and piano Reeves got it got it battlefield earth john bewulta born in boca one of our chronic practices another worst performance john Wayne in the conqueror he played genghis Khan with his trademark spook slow-western draw oh god john Wayne another one I kind of like a uh earlier version of sliced alone if you next me you there it's you there's you there's you say that next thing you're going to say didn't like that smuddle teenage smugma huh what was that looking like you know piano thing you mentioned earlier before a battle for the name of the movie and you can put them down singly since we're not devil's advocate okay put them down individual got it I don't want to start giving orders out and after that one that'll feel dirt the counter volta were you starting to slow down a little bit aren't you all low we don't not gonna knock beaner boy now that we got swing and moan oh brother that made my week ha ha ha ha ha ha old swing and monkey nuts the worst acting performance ever in a movie shackle and heels got 33 but so few still on his ass boy he's got her nose right in the crack from godfather three all the 34 to 30 now for shack outside the basketball player with a good acting performance was uh a carim abdool jubar in her cari a plane right he was a panic Roger didn't have to do much but he was just a panic he was great Britney Spears from cross the dress 15 board Derek Tarzan the eight man 14 who would ever believe on a pull on this show on a heterosexual male dominated audience show we'd be knocking Brittany and board Derek back to back side by each uh yeah i'd like to knock up but just because they look or looked good didn't mean necessarily the correct way out of a paper sack where we don't care maybe they could crawl away out of a paper sack see i don't understand one thing i know that sounds tacky but i'm sick anyway but if you look like Brittany Spears all she'd have to do is make like one porno movie right okay fifty million dollars sure right fifty million in addition to which a lot of her uh like the pepsi spots she did and a lot of her uh stage performances and videos she's about as close to being naked as you possibly can be which is her holistic she's a slut and you know one porno movie fifty million that's it have a great life mm-hmm am i right absolutely whoever would finance that in addition to what you watch a lot of the movies a lot of these movies we've been watching there is so much simulated sex on there like uh rules of attraction that they're they're just about doing it anyway you could charge a hundred bucks a ticket for gravy to get into see it easy and it's matter fact that's a good pull question one of these days well how much would you pay for a porno movie with Brittany Spears huh right i think that's an of course now some people can't afford to big bucks now be in her boy that's all he can afford very deep well you know any well it's any that's a barway from you but maybe you can watch it together well on different sides of the room yeah plays Maybe he and Mokir watch it together. Maybe, maybe that's what Mokir does show you. Maybe he's a real slinger. Let's see, Brittany 15 for Crossed Ress, Voderic 14, Tarzan the 8th man, sliced the low and rhinestone 14, Vin Diesel, Passenifiris 11, Eli Waller, Godfather 311. Maybe we could reason together. It's not just the way he's delivering the line, but his gestures, just the so, so ridiculous. You just have to laugh out loud, you know? I mean, here, and that's in the scene where they're doing the hit. They're having a big meeting, you know, in Atlantic City. And the shandle-ear starts shaking, you know, and it's a hit, and they're like firing from the helicopters. And it's a, maybe one of the most serious scenes in a whole movie. And he's the one comedy. I thought we could reason together. Anyway, Elizabeth Berkeley, showgirls, she's got 11. Canterries that have made church nine, sliced the low and the specialist nine, Vinil Ice Cool is I seven. But we just put that on her, didn't we? Yeah. Tom Hanks, still versus the volcano, six and spite of violent protests by a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, Al Paci, Al Paci, you know, seven of the woman's got five. I'm so ecstatic. I'm so glad, because I didn't even vote for that. That there are enough of you people out there with a brain to realize that that was just, you know, see, a lot of times people say, well, let's out, Paci, no, I couldn't possibly have been bad, you know, well, a lot of people would have said to his invite you like, Wallick, right? He was never great. What was he like, great, and he never bothered me, but what was he, but he was never a bad and never said, oh, he was just awful. Like Madonna, he was never so. So he said, we're not going to go see her, like sliced the low, but that was just, maybe he was just saving enough for them. He's got to be dead, isn't he? Uh, good question. Well, I don't think he is. Really? Really. Try one more can always sweetheart. Here's Hollywood, hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, I'm a first time car. I was mainly caught right. Basically, they get, I assure you, um, we can go in first and really rough times lately. And, uh, it's kind of hard to talk about, but I'm going to talk to them. It's been about, um, they've been together for about 26 years now. And just recently, um, I was told that they're thinking about splitting up. And, uh, you know, 26 years that they've been together is just really a long time. Your parents? 26 years. Neil. Yeah. You know, it's really hard for me to even say this, but yeah, the fact that they're going to be splitting up after 26 years. Yeah, how many years? 26. I'll be dead. And, um, yeah. All right, I just really need to, you know, what should I do about this? Why, you know, why are they splitting up? What can I do? You know, they're going to be there for 20. Are you trying to like qualify for our poll today? Is that it? Is that what this is about? No, I'm being serious. Now, uh, yeah. And my, my best suggestion is, uh, my dual business. Five, six, seven, five, six, the pound five, six, the how many years were they together? About 30, man. Pretty close. Yeah. 20 year old business, but out. Find your own life. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Miami. Hey, I don't know. I think that was Reverend Jones. Yes, sir, how are you? Good. How much of Daniels in German? Dumber. Who? Jeff Daniels. Dumber. Dumber and Dumber. Did you carry? Yeah. Okay. And a good, uh, modern movie. Eat. Okay, man. Thank you. See you. Got a town Jeff Daniels. Dumber. As in, uh, wasn't that the a Greg Reed story? Yeah. I think so. Nice job. But at morning show, by the way, Greg, if the audience thinks that we find the come up with a solution, man, you ain't seen nothing yet because if the guilty stories are true, if what, uh, for real was Babylon about this morning turns out to be true, we got all kinds of a complex crap going on, huh? In addition to what you know, I was thinking during the last break. Here's Clarence, our program director who just turned 30 going out about 12. Who's having a little bit of a life problem, you know, he's like a little immature and he can't get laid and he's, you know, he's not a bad guy. And he gets me a paycheck all the time on time. Sometimes they're early. Oh, right. But you bring a guy in like for where you make a big fuss of it all the TV people you bring in. You make a big splash about it and, uh, and Clarence and Greg are obsessed with for Ronnie. We like him, but there beyond that they're obsessed with him. So the first one, the first thing you do is start putting out memos about no food in there. You know, you follow what I'm saying? Oh, I got it. To try to make him feel like he's brought into a, uh, like a Gestapo. Like John Ascrop just run into the joint, something like that. Not a good idea, Clarence. Well, that's not a good way. And of course, then pulling a Greg Reed, you know, Clarence very soon will be off to Omaha and be gone for several days. So he don't have to be there until the smoke clears, you know, right? Which is fine, because I'll be there next week and I'll be whatever it'll I want. Which I'm not going to be in a whole lot. But if we want how he's to bring us in a bunch of bacon, guess what? How is we're bringing a bunch of bacon and the beast they get in any of ours? Which one of the reasons that we don't aren't too crazy about the beast no more came in and stole, uh, Boner boys a bacon this morning? Well, it didn't exactly go down that way. What we did to go down was a part of life. Did it go on back to him? It was what? But he, he recaptured it. I guess I did. Right out of his mouth right. I found that he had hidden it in his little styrofoam stuff with all his other food. Yeah. He was hiding in there. So I looked inside and done. You haven't got your right out of his mouth? Yeah. So I just, like a tug of war. Ever seen two dogs fighting over a steak? Now he's a tub. He really is. I mean, we've had people in the building fatter like Josh screaming. He's gone by the way, Josh screaming. We won't see him. And there have been people fatter, but and certainly fath boy is fatter. But nobody is more of a just a grub than the beast. Although then there's always Zach. Wow, can you imagine if that morning show could get paid by the pound? We're sports radio five six. You a M. Got out. WQA. Where's the bag of kids? Hey, who do you look at? Who? Yeah. Slice is enough, case. You can't look directly at me. You cannot look in his eyes. If you do your job, I was by bite. Hit say, when I come in a room you leave it to leave without turning around. It's no wonder they deal last and long. Just watch the night. The first time I've done that job, I'm supposed to be spot guys there. Job. Another swing. When you're wild, you start to love. And give me speech. Slice alone is living proof that you could package cow crap and sell to the American public. If you just package it the right way, just go see it up a little bit. 38 votes for shack O'Neill and Kazam is the worst acting performance ever in a movie. Sofia couple of those still right on his ass boy, the godfather 335. Britney Spears, cross address 16, bowed Derek Tarzanni 8man 15, sliced alone in Rinestone 14, then diesel affected the fast and a furious and a feces 12, Elizabeth Berkeley, showgirls 12 and Eli Waller, godfather 3, has got 12. He's only got 12 and Sofia's got 35, not even a contest. Would you agree with that? Yeah, yeah. I'll see it, but see I look at it different. My Gazette or a spectator thing for him because he's not a real actress. Okay, good point. So if you start with low light and low expectations, then she lives right up to it. You're at in his case. We're got it supposed to be a real actor to ham it up like that. And just absolutely disgrace himself. No wonder she gave him the god damn can only. Anyway, here's a really good facts. Two gruesome performances Barbara Streisand and Yentel. Oh yeah. Or she'd say. A tense departure a young boy and obvious vanity project for this complete. Megalomaniac and you are. Absolutely correct. Deborah Winger and the Shelter rings are beginning these down now or am I just making sounds. Deborah Winger and the Shelter rings sky one of the few films I've ever walked out of the film. Also gives you the highly dubious pleasure of seeing her pie. Also, I've heard many of the fine films recommended you recently. Two from the 90s I didn't hear mention which you might have missed. Although one we just had that guy a little while ago. He. Yeah. Heat without patina Robert and Iravale Kimmer. Kilmer actually judge on voice time size more. Very entertaining crime drama actually. Judd has one of the best scenes many movie recent years. Be careful not to get to the come of the same name with burrenals. Oh don't worry about that. Oh no. We pushed our little boogie nights with spine. I was going bird and deliverance. Those were his new movies were to see anything else. Forget about it. You might leave anything out. Did he do it? I will leave what scene? Roker Ace. Like I said, smoking in the band is part one to 100. LA confidential with guy Pierce Russell Crowe. Kevin Spacey James Crowe. One of our greatest actors on the most folks. Danny DeVito and Kim Bassenier. It says. So what I'm going to do is I am out and cut. You would agree with that right? LA confidential is a definite must see. Okay and he. He. He. It was to me it was bland. It was a bland. It was good but long. It got slow in parts. Yeah. Yeah. Nothing. There was nothing that much to it. I give. Okay. I give it an adequate. Right. Okay. Well, across that. So I'm going to go out for sure today and get three. LA confidential. usual suspects and big low-allowinsky. The big. The. The. Okay. Okay. Okay. So my shopping list. Right now. Because there's so damn many. There's so damn many of them. Okay. That's the. How guys that play golf. Don't let me forget to ask him on Monday. Uh, for real about, you know, when's the last time he's really seen a movie? Because guys that play a lot of golf, that's all. A lot of valuable movie. Watch and time. Course, you know, watching a movie is sitting on your ass, which isn't good for you. And going out there playing golf is really great exercise. Five, six, seven, five, six. Five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. Here's my. Hello. Neil? Yes sir. Hey Neil. Are you doing? I'm surprised nobody has ever mentioned Al Pacino in Scarface. Yeah, comedy. Ah, I mean, the accent he tried to pronounce it. Yeah, so bad it really bad. Yeah, and it's a tiny guy being a Spanish mobster, yeah. He was horrible in that. Okay, we'll put it down. He deserves it. Anyway, the cop that you'll see in LA confidential, the one that's the finally becomes a lieutenant with the glasses. It's not Australian. He's an Aussie. Well, we want whole out against him. No, I know that, but I mean, in the movie, he doesn't even have a trace of it. Also, he has reactions, I mean. Well, well, how about I mentioned a couple of ways to I talked about Jude Law and the tell that Mr. Ripley who's who's British and got a very heavy British accent, but in Mr. Ripley, he doesn't have any accent laws to speak profiting, which I mean, like we do. Yep. Perfect American. Okay, thanks, pal. Okay, man. Jude Law is an ambassador, okay? Yes, he is. And yes. Enemy at the gates with Jude Law is a true story in a good movie. But if we're going to put that down then, because I crossed out heat, enemy at the gates, yes. About the Nazis invading Stalin, grad and they say, Oh, we are. Not about Jews, but he's a Jews in. You're not allowed to watch any of these movies until you watch beautiful minds and snatch. You're a beautiful mind. I don't know. I haven't found snatch yet. Of course, I haven't been looking for it all that much. Enemy to get some cross now. I got usual suspects, big Lewinsky and snatch. I was the other one. I like confidential. I got those four. How many can I watch like in one sitting? You know, just give me a break. Give me a break. Plus I still got a whole crap load in there. What's that one? The smelly beast? There's something like that? Oh, sucks, CBS. Which I never sexed. You never saw it? You'll have to tell me if it's good. Okay. Well, I mean, what do I know? I mean, you know, based on your taste. Because if you didn't like Magnolia, this is the beast of that Jew. Five, six, seven. He's disgusting. He really is. Hey, by the way, beast, don't take it personal, but we're not too crazy about you anymore. On to you. See, we're on to him. That's what bugs me. We're on his act. Even pulled it this morning, just to come into and steal your food. And now that he notices that we're, we're, you know, getting along real good with for a while, we got a great cross over going. And we're real happy to have him there. Now he's trying to suck, suck back into us a little bit. See, after he like, after we kicked his ass out. Now he's trying to suck his way back into our good graces. After he screwed our good friends at Valence for life. Nice going, Air Beast. Radio Camilin. Exactly. He's a radio comedian man. Hoppin from one room to another. Palinating everywhere he can. Talk in trash and then go out and stab him into back like two feet down the hallway. That's the beast. So I hope that clearance gets you good sweetheart. I'll pay to see it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound, 5, I'll pay to miss it. The worst acting performance in a movie ever was Shikilo Niel and Kazam 41. So Fia Coppola and Godfather 338. Those two seem to be like way ahead of the pack. 50 likes ahead. Vrity, Crossroads 16, Voderic, Cars any ifman 15, Slice the old Ryanstone 14. I mean, there's just nobody else is even in the running. Out of band your 255 votes. How's he like, Wallachton? 12, but doesn't dirty doesn't. Wasn't he in that? I don't recall. He was in the good to bat in the ugly. He was the ugly. Here's a call from dear field B, Chilo. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. I'm going to vote a vote and I don't, it's probably late in the game. This may not get a lot of votes, but Bruce Wilson Hudson Hawk. That way the worst action performance is one of the worst movies I've ever made. Well, don't forget this pull stays up all weekend, so it's got a chance in your lot of votes. A complete waste of celluloid. Okay. I know you're only, only a lad, one foot better. I also have to mention Dennis Rodden. Was it in his visit in a movie? He was in a movie with John Clark van Dam called Double Team. Oh, horrible. Oh my god. Run, run, run, screaming in the opposite direction. He should rent an enemy at the gates. Good movie. Good movie. It wasn't just, uh, what was the guy, uh... I don't rent a Michael and buy him when you got to big bucks. You don't rent him, yeah. Um, who was the other guy, uh, who was the one, Ron Perlman? Uh, who played the other, uh, the, uh, the, uh, Oh, it harris has been out for sniper. Yeah. Excellent movie. It's like a duel between the two. I just wrote it down again. I'm going to get it this afternoon. Check it out. Thanks, Bally. Thanks. Okay. There you go. That's that LA confidential and the big Lewinsky. I sure hope that whatever that show she was on. I hope that's off already. He's been canceled. Yeah. I think I don't know. Oh. You see, maybe someday if I live long enough to about 400, maybe somebody can explain to me why the president was the bad guy. And please don't tell me that she was so young because she bragged about it. That she was going with her presidential knee pads. That she was a slut and she was getting ready to like service for president. So he's the bad guy and he's almost gets impeached because with an inch of getting convicted in the impeachment trial. And she's like a TV host. She's a celebrity. She's the victim. She's the poor, you know, abused the underling. Right. She's a slut. Yeah. She's a, and not only that, she's an unattractive slut. And she's like a sport. I mean, that's what I'm saying. I just can't stand that slut. Amen. Say it again. I just can't stand that slut. Ha ha ha ha. Oh. Man. Fat. Disgusting. Nasty. Foul. She saved the freaking blue dress with a come stand on a nice goats with her. That's a nice touch. She saved the blue dress. Let's assume an area. Y'all. Rich. 26 past one. It's five 60 WCM. Hey, if you own a home and you have a nice pool. There's nothing worse on a hot summer's day. Then going out in a backyard to take a nice refreshing dip. And you take a look at a pool. You want to puke your guts out. It's like watching train spotting. It's stained. It's dirty. Maybe even that cracks in it. And the pool too. What your pool does not have to be a mess. No. Mole. Call our good friends at landing Marseille. And let them perform a miracle for you. And landing Marseille specializing refinishing pools. Bring it back to life. And make it look brighter and more colorful than ever before. And now at landing Marseille. And the new and even more exciting than ever before. It's called Atlantic Blue Bright. For over 12 years of landing Marseille's beautified pools. With the ever popular diamond bright and now the makers of diamond bright have developed Atlantic Blue Bright exclusively for our friends at Atlantic Marseille. Atlantic Blue Bright leaves your pool with a richer, more colorful appearance unmatched by anything on a market anywhere. In fact, it's going to look so spectacular. So shiny and beautiful. That your friends neighbors and everybody in the hood will think you got a brand new pool. Licent and insured are real construction company. They don't use like subcontractors who just came up with an animal wrath and have like a little pickup truck. They use only full time employees. Atlantic Marseille is family-owned and operated. Thousands of people all of us out for a trust and land love them because they do such a great job for you. They serve day, drower and Palm Beach counties too. Atlantic Marseille also does expert deck renovations. So how big your deck is. Custom lighting pool heating exotic water features too. So really enjoy the summer and odd year long right in your own backyard. Call Atlantic Marseille today. Call free it's 1-800-558-8883. Be sure to tell that ancient deal towards you to call 1-800-558-8883. Atlantic Marseille really is your pool's best friends. The process of clothing has always been extremely controversial for the world. Why do you best in? The process of clothing has always been extremely controversial. It began in 1997 when scientists clone Dolly the sheep since that time. millions of dollars and countless laboratory hours later. Scientists at the University of Idaho are reveling in another incredible cloning right through. It's the world's first clothing of a meal. Scientists now say based upon this incredible world. They have plans to clone other asses with need used in Mike Tyson. Rosie O'Donnell. Monica Lewinsky. I was some sick-draised person. Bill and Hillary Clinton. I was feeling very warm. I didn't like that. That's what I did right now. I was like, I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure, but I'm sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Darling, don't you mean we got sick? So, what? Hi, Ben. Yeah. movie. Yes sir. You know it's funny you actually because little while ago during your break I was thinking about him and I couldn't think of any of the movies he's been and I mean his performance is always wouldn't and they slay me but I couldn't think of one I was it and they could gun. Well he is the thing about that movie is that for 90% of it he was in a coma and somehow and it's just screw that up. Damn it. One more thing he'll just to get a Gary belly bitch. Well you know all Jay had a come out of the coma because he had you know he had a whole bunch of things that he had to do. You know what I'm saying? Nope. Well like maybe kill some people. Yeah. Fices. Oh let's get that down. Oh Jason's the naked gun. Got it. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. How Joe Costello do you authorize that any year report? No. I can't speak to me now. I mean I'm being a boy. Forget about that. He'll never speak to you. Doesn't already. Here's Davey hello. Yeah I think the worst performance in the best movie was Steve Owen. Jack asked the movie. And if you're going to see any movie this weekend you should wear in Jack asked the movie. No. Oh yeah. All right. No. Does that right now? Yeah. Oh god. Six seven. I mean, why would I didn't dignify that with a comment. What are we spawned? What I respond to. Oh, they call to a during another movie. Pollants had to say the crap. Oh yeah. Well he's a tell us he's got the mentality of a ten year old. What can I tell you? He's in a time warp. He's like Boca Brian only on the opposite end. Here's a call from what is it? Hollywood. Oh nice. That's a good one. I wrote it out. What the? They're suggesting. Here's for a lotter to all you mean to be. Here's for a lot of them. Hello. What the was that? Me. For a lotter down. Oh, yeah. Yes, sir. Yeah. Why are you going to stop this movie business? It's been going on a week. You know, what's it listening to you a lot of years? Yeah. It seems like you're on this movie movie kick. Yeah. We enjoy your program. But I think enough is enough. Yeah. I may vote. You got on the survey. Don't come up to anything else you've ever done. What about the what about the first hour when we had the first two hours when we had 400 votes on how you wait your parents. See your leaving those out. You leave in those out, my friend. I'm just. You might be in the old. Still going to listen to you. The greatest but okay. Thanks. I know that enough with this movie. Thanks for the sauce. Pal. Yeah. Bye. Have a great day. Hi. Yeah. Thanks for the stab. He's still going to listen. But enough. No, I said sound enough. Well, we'll be done when I'm done when I feel when I'm tired of it. He's still going to listen. He just got through tell me that. In addition to what she many a day on these movie polls. We got like 14, 50 and reports, which we never have at an overnight poll on a weekend. Yeah. 14, 50 is a spectacular response. Plus, since he's into these to the next great on the stats on our our website now, I hate to break the news to them. But the last two three weeks in a row, we break the record for our most hits every week. And let me just take this right now. What's the get a chance to see swing in more? We're going to like break them this weekend again. Two. I have that feeling. Don't know, I can feel it in the pit of my sack. I mean, here's a guy who waits all of that time. Well, when you get a quick to solve it, what are you going to stop? What are you going to stop? Because I mean, like you, but we don't want to answer. And of course, if I would ask them that magical question, all right. I mean, I really want to know, you know, I said, even waste my time. That like what else would you like us to talk about? I mean, we find the last down to something here that we haven't talked about for a long time. We spent a few years. Yeah, about three, not just a week, but at least about three weeks on it. But I must tell you, I'm a big problem with that, you know, life is not going to disappear. We still got plenty of time to talk about other crap. I mean, we could talk about ball games. We could talk about the marlins. Oh, but I'm not going to do that. Yeah. Jesus Christ, give me a break, man. We could talk, you know, I said here in the change the world and talk about how W is a fascist and John S. Croft isn't even bigger fascist and the odd yadda. But, you know, let's, uh, we already know that. Look on our website, read some of the good crap on their. Okay. It's on their every day, including a great feature of the story that's going to be on their for several days. Conservatives him here today going tomorrow by Dennis Raccoon and the sensational of peace. If you ask me. Just amazing about South Florida. Just, I mean, here's a guy that likes this show. He loves me. He'll listen regardless, but he's got to give me. He's got to make my back bleed. You know, he's got to give me like a little bloody spot. I've already had like a little bloody spot from that day and growing here, but my left nut has a lot of bad luck. So that's the way all you have to do, you know, you're going to be very placed in our sir. My left testicles he love very nicely from me and grown here. Okay. Yeah, it's fine. Here's a call from Pembroke pine. Hello. Yes, sir. I have a few movie recommendations. Well, how about a recommendation? Well, how about recondations? Well, yeah. Like if you like to recondation, you'll like it. amally with a day. Oh, amally. Also, it's a horrible movie. That's what you put in your cranky. What is it? Repoman with Amelia Oestevas? Okay. It's a work movie, every see. And we're a factor. We're down in UHF. Okay, thanks. I have no idea what he just said. I mean, he just said a bunch of stuff. Yeah. Do any of those are any of those are response to our poll question? No, but he did say amally. Don't you put that in the crankcase to improve your oil? What have been better if you hadn't said to watch it? Oh. Okay. So I'm crossing across a report, man. That's when I you wouldn't watch. I watched it. Did you? Yeah. It's weird. It's strange. It's supposed to be. I see. 560, 505, 60, pound, five, 60 on the, you know, look at the vote total, man. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. He can afford his own damned tickets. This is a disturbing story from Cape Carnival. NASA is trying to identify a small object spot and floating outside the International Space Station. Yesterday, according to a report. Groundاء, let's see. Astronaut Ed Lu Spot of the object outside the window of the US laboratory, took pictures of it, local six news partner, Floor To Today report it. ground controllers are analyzing moves photos, but don't yet have enough information about the object's direction of travel to tournament from wince it came the object which is moved out of sight is likely from the station itself according to the report or maybe just maybe it might be a flying sausage you think? no now you know many thousands of pieces of space junk we have floating around a side that we put there oh yeah this is all kind of crap out there now what is this thing that you just emailed me I mean the fact me this email hand the hate goldberg shows personal private email that I went in hacked my way in down there it's been the top and sent a Neil Roderick me George Rodriguez sent it to Neil and I saw him do it yeah well here's one it says I'm not usually wonder right to my congressman when this case to a radio show host but you for well said something that I could not ignore I don't understand it's on hanks website but it's addressed to forl in my right I mean the message is forl anyway it says you were telling the story of the pregnant lady who fell two stories on the some sort of audio equipment commented that baby was okay what you said I hope she dies I guess you want that child to grow up without a mother I understand there has to be some shock or other distinguishing feature would separate you from your peers but this was a stupid low-life classless remark that showed me just how much of a scumbag you are what if it were my wife whatever girl these wife or friends wife that you may that that you have many friends but not I know friends what bad citizen punctuation not that you have many friends even if you made the whole story up at socials our classless you are is wishing a pregnant mother death's gonna increase ratings no pedust lost at least to list is probably more since they change the schedule of a comment age you have been turned off by your ugly two year throw it already raspy voice and I'm convinced that I'll never listen to repulsive show again hank it others will do what we do to get rid of this p.o.s. piece of shit that's why they sent this to hank also there's another email it says I want to book mozo for my child's third birthday outstanding what time here's chronic timin primitive pines is I got them all beat the worst ever lukewarm no in hercules do you want to put that on there whatever I can't stand lukewarm no no not a little bit next me nauseous lukewarm no in hercules get it on her man it's a two horse race there's no point in the I look at the other ones although sliced alone has moved into a tie with boat Derek and with britney for rhinestone sixteen votes but did the top two are like so far ahead of everybody else the worst acting performance ever in the movie shiciel o neolum kazan fifty one so fee a couple of got for the three forty six and everybody else I mean the next high is sixteen small potatoes and who were talking about something important today like mashaung we'd have thousands of votes you know what oh board for the fact that you suck me at all the skydda movie crap mm-hmm and you noticed in the middle of talking about movies did one person call today is anything about Gregory and Peck oh no gentlemen's agreement to kill a mocking bird spellbound movie Mike movies dick what the hell's wrong with you people man Gregory Peck 87 one of the great actors of all time and you see the problem is that except for movie buffs like George and old farts like me nobody out there knows from Gregory Peck right yeah beiner boy what do you know about Gregory's Peck tiny let's hear so you don't know from Gregory Peck we ever seen a movie with him in it tell the muck it took to kill a mocking bird you did see to kill a mocking bird yeah now you think that black eye did it or not he just needed to just it doesn't require a response it was just a little a joke okay see now the same person that said that facts the heck about for real now they're gonna be sent a lot about me see the same old crap well you said that the guy done it we know we didn't do it it's just a joke then of course there was that one about anti-semitism our gentlemen's agreement right right you saw that beiner long time ago yeah no you didn't so so now here is some homework for you starwatching so many older stuff with some really great actors okay it's great that you're up to date all these the reason movies last few years that's fine that's great it's very helpful well I haven't been alive that long then that's the point that's the point look at all you've got to catch up on see right yeah how about you name and see rainman did you? wasn't that? yeah you see what I mean now we're starting to get through the bottom of this Mr big shot Mr. expert and they're like give me a bunch of crap and there's certainly so because I come on here admitting I don't know too much about this which is something that I can learn from everybody else as well okay where it sucks right you didn't see that movie he's what George George just pulled up a line D right they're done hold it up for right hand signals favorite scene was what he's bouncing a set against the walk as he alarms going off how about the hospital with George he's got that one have it seen ah it's on my list by the way on our websites on my list another petty trash he piece of ridians okay absolute brilliance and if you look at up in my notebook it's got four big fat bones okay even more would be jealous my life and look all this is for 256 you way away yeah why do you pass my the really check She's so cute. She's so cute. But no funky. So just a deeper salon. She's good. About him I don't know just get very good. You look pretty my butt is so good. I want to have enough. Just keep me for them. Right? Ben's like dying up so well. That's a real deal. Girl just another piece. So just love you make me mad. Just like a stupid, this marriage will be better. But I don't want to be alone. So you'll keep the Washington to be that boy alone. And we don't want to get in. So we're going to just find it. So we just find it. One fifty five five sixty W to two. I just saw the other pictures there of Ian and what's your name? Yeah. So I guess you'll pick out whichever one that we want to put on there. We'll pick it. Well see, but that's the problem. When people send us more than one picture. And then you know, you guys have to pick out one that's going to be on there. And then they'll have to live with the results of that. So I'm saying. But I'm sure you'll hear it. And you've picked out the one that's the most erotic and exact. Right. It's going to be interesting this time. I think no seriously. Because the first time was a foreground conclusion. We had the one virtually well, no, they weren't naked. The one naked couple spread on the sack. And then we had the other couple of the two models Aaron and Amy who obviously were. And we weren't going to win. We were like right on somebody's ass and they did win. But this time I think it's an open battle field. Unlike our pool, two horse race. Worst acting performance ever in a movie was Shaquillo Niel, Kazan 51 votes. So Fia Copola got five or three. Day 48. And that's it. Next time, total still in 16. This is our last movie show for this some month, okay? You hear what I just said? No, seriously. Because I don't want to get that guy all upset. Plus there are many others out there who are like forming it tomorrow. Oh my god, you've been going on for weeks with this crap. Well, we had a good time with it. I did. I did. And look at all the money I was able to spend and put it to the economy up here where they needed. Badly. All these sourced free movies that I was able to go out and buy. I think it's spectacular. Nice job, Niel. Thank you. And you actually learned something as opposed to, well, gee, you think the Yankees could win the turn of the kind of crap that's on so much of the day. It makes my teeth ache. It makes my bones rattle. 560, 750, 5060 pound, 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Marvel's life. So don't make forget Monday if I even mentioned them. I'll probably will have to mention if I went out and bought these. And you'll be right off the earth. Off the earth. Not on the air. We draw the line right here at 2 o'clock when the little hand hits the big hand. We draw the line. Because on Monday, I think we're going to serve doing sports talk. Oh, right. Here's a call from Palm Beach, hello. Hey, Niel. Yes, sir. Great. Hey, I love the movie shows. Keep doing it, man. I don't care. But I've got two really disgusting performances to give you. Okay. One was filming Miami. It was a Jimmy Stewart in an airport, 77, which was just pitiful. And the other one, I guess I would say, you said, oh, Jay, already, but who's Jay and towering in the front of you? Oh, yeah. It saw that. He was awful. He was awful. That was his first role, I think. It was a killer, yeah. So. But yeah, keep going with the movie shows. Okay. Hang in there. Thanks. You too. See, there you go. There's a guy's just he likes it. So that even's it out. The other older guy in this guy seemed like under the age of 100. Now the other guy's okay. He just is grouchy. He's upset that it rains every day. And he's like mosquitoes the size of bowling balls. And it's humid in 100 degrees in the shade. And he's upset about that. And nobody goes to the Marlin games and nobody cares about it. And all of these things. Just like, you know, for real, who's, you know, good guy, but he just, and then he finally admitted, you notice the end of our cross over this morning he admitted he's jealous. I guarantee I bet your Carlos is salary for the next 10 years, at least 50 bucks. I bet to that much that he's wishes he could do the show from someplace else. Because he's always only been the resharp period of time. I'll tell you a lot. It says a lot about self-floor. But the most exciting thing you have to do every day after your work is you want to take golf with a silly old man like Moe. What does that tell you? Yeah, I think that speaks volumes. And he finally admitted that he's jealous of this kind of a deal. He wishes he only wishes he could still be in the York and do the show every day from there. When you think, what would think? One would certainly think so. I mean, if you had a choice, anywhere. Here's a Hollywood, hello. How can tell I love your show? Can you place any kind of button to raise my old Amy ankle, going in front of us and down raise? What the hell was that? What was that? Can I please play for his old Jaime Ikella grandfather sitting on a bench in the right? No, no, we don't have time to play seeing an adventure in the right for your old Jaime Ikella. Anybody else, right at time? When I were going to do our big crossover with a man dog. You see, when I look at it as four hours in a for also, they got a two hour show, but four hours is more than enough for me. When you think, jizz. Right. Now that we see all these other two hours shows, including some guys that show up like once in a while, like whatever the hell they feel like. Yeah. I'm starting to get jealous. See, what it basically boils down to is everybody saw the good deal that I had. And now everybody's trying to like, they're taking my advice. Less work more pace. Like trying to, uh, want to be each other, you know. So Hank is down to three hours gets the same pay. He's down like to Lamarlin games, which a lot of these are six thirty. Some days he's not on it all hardly. We're like a half an hour. And on a man dog, he's all an echo and I just, well, I'll show you guys the thing or two. I got like an ace in a hole, you know. My ace in a hole. Joe Rose. So, you know, I just want you to up some days and some days will put that ace hole on there. Don't forget Monday morning, crucial morning. Will jelly show up or not? Bye bye. Bye bye. I got none.