There number one! Damning! Oh my! Oh my! On the Gillgun zones, father of Illium, meets with his attorney, in preparation to take his son. Back to Cuba. Well, Mr. Ganzales, how was your trip? Very good, Gossas. Funny, you have any questions before we go any further. CCC, these box, with the pictures. It's in Kribe, what is this? Oh, that's a television. Oh, tell me. Mr. Lloyd, what does... What does that mean? Pardon me? What's that? Well, it means what's up? Like what's going on? What's that? Uh, right, it's a greeting. What's that? But now I know that you're uncomfortable being here. This is a very difficult time for you soon. Hmm. What is it? Oh, this pizza hut. Stop, cross, pizza, he's incredible. How do they get the mutton and the cheese into the crust? I'm not sure. So as I was saying... Wow. Yeah. As I was saying, we will try to make your stay here as comfortable as possible and get your home as quickly as possible. Bye, bye, bye. Are you going somewhere, sir? No, I'm listening to the new CD by the boy band InSync, with my new Sony Discman, East Incredible. Yeah, yes, Mr. Donzallase. They are quite incredible, but we'll be meeting with the... Just another plate in your game for two. You must take me, but it ain't no way. Bye, bye, bye. Oh, God, sir. Don't you want to get this over and get back to Cuba? What are you local? I love it here. There's like 300 channels on table and I can watch all the jetty games. What's sir? Mr. and lawyer? What is it, Mr. Gonzalez? Where's he? Where number one? Dammit! Okay, 902 at 5.60WQM happy Monday, 2 a happy Martin Luther King Day. What do you smell of? Thank you. Was that going to be very politically correct these days? You understand what I'm saying? Freedom of speech is dead in America by the way. Do you know that? Yeah, we all might. So the reason I've played that right out of the right from the gift go is they say, you know who they are, don't you? No, I don't need her. You're well, as they say, why do people do that? Well, as they say, who's they? These couple guys, they live over here, cut around the corner. Well, screw them, what do they know? They. So Aliens Daddy, he don't even know happy. Meal because he's a big shot now. He's one of the 600 non candidates. Got elected in the National Assembly yesterday in Cuba. Both of we need all. You know, you want to know how I know that he won? No one else is running a good goal. All the candidates ran on a pose. Oh, yeah. So there you go. One Miguel, whatever the hell his name is. Isn't that his name? One Miguel. Let's see. Okay. Congratulations to you because in our book. We are number one. Demi. We are the book came out on Friday in case you missed it. And we'll wait till tomorrow. We have to break down before we start crawling too much. Maybe the crow done it. There's another stupid expression. Or as the crow flies. Oh, it's about 50 miles. There's the crow flies. Well, how does the crow fly? His arms must get off and turned by. But halfway to a, uh, uh, uh, Ocalusa. Maybe the crow doesn't know the way. Could be. Do you know the way crow? Probably no. Look at this. Bush gets an F in leadership. He says the sun's sentinel. Now you don't think that they're caving in politically. Do you? Yeah. Because Merrim elephant is totally incompetent. But we don't. It's on our website. Carlos is working feverishly. We got more important fish to fry. All and also Fred Grimm and a hero. What a coincidence this must be. When you know that they put this thing together. Way before our show on Thursday. About reminiscing about the little. Because the hell's been doing this thing about the 100 Harold Centennial 100 years. So it must be just a coincidence that Fred Grimm and yesterday's mommy heard in the focus focus. It's another focus section. So long. Keats. Goodby. Tacky our changing landscape. How do you say? Kitcher. Keats. Kitch. I know. But just I'm a like a way that sounds. You know. Keats. Kitch. So Fred Grimm who he's a lot of keys says bidding a fine for well the Kitch over gone by era. And he's got all these things which we've been doing on the show for days now. And we'll continue to apologize that Eric and Carlos had another spat over the weekend. And we didn't get our pull on there until about four o'clock on Saturday and spread the fact that it's a car. I'm not going to go into it. No, it's a holiday. I don't want to go into it and get those two into another cat fight here today. Like a couple of silly piece of silly geese. So the pull didn't get up there. It is up there now though. And we noticed right off the bat. It's probably just as well look out up there on a weekend. Part two of our greatest places that are no longer in business. Because then I was able to see that we have a funny vote on there again. You people who get on that poll on the weekend, man. You have no life. We have the two big football games yesterday. Which I know that George even was glued to those. What did I tell you about the bucks by the way? Nobody believed me, huh? Oh, what an egos. You know the bucks have a one in the cold weather. And they never want to play off game. I'm right. On the road. Well, guess what? They kicked their ass yesterday. There are floor to team. Why should we be not be rooting for the bucks? Just because we hate Tampa like poison? Don't we? Sure. But nevertheless, it's uh, this got nothing to do with Tampa. Just a team that happens to play there. Those guys aren't from Tampa. Are they? No. Of course not. They don't want nothing to do with any more than we do. So let's root for the bucks. I don't, I don't think I've got to chat against the Raiders next week. But we'll be glued to that. Won't we George? You got to panter again this afternoon. I bet you George and Carlos are going to that together. Panthers in a Montreal, Canadians, the Frog. Are in town? They kind of the ends who lost it over time to my maple Leafs on Saturday. Let's hear it. Oh, three to two. But they're new coach. Whatever hell his name is, Julion. Don't you love his French fries. Those Julion fries? We. What are you, Julion? What are those? Potatoes. I don't know. Skinny potatoes. I have no idea. What's the skinny on those? Vitting a font for a while, the kitchen of a lot of right-spreaded, Grimny mentions the Sir Pantirium, the Krandon Park Zoo, the Sportatorium, the Castaways and the Rekbar, the Playboard Club, Mutiny Club and the Grope. All these things that he mentions in here, almost all of them are ones that have been on our pool. What a concept, Fred Grim. Oh, I bet you this guy on my line five and my amy is the one who's going to say, how uh, predictable and other pool. Here's my amy, hello. No, that's not me. Oh, sorry. I hope it was him. Good morning, listen. Happy Monday, Tusser. Happy Monday. I tried to call you Friday to ask, but I don't know if you was willing to give me to me the numbers for Phil Henry and Kevin Kali. Could you have the only show who gives out the number? Yeah, I got him right here, man. Whatever you want, we're going to see when we don't play game. And finally, I'm warning numbers. Whoo! You can't complain about his numbers because he don't have any. Because I want to be a broadcaster, so. No, don't do it. Are you out of your mind? Well, haven't you said you listen to me? Now, haven't you taken heat of my warnings? I don't do it. I listen to 15 hours of a talk radio I think. You wind up like Moa, bitter, nasty, crusty old man with a bad hairpiece. Now I won't do it. Now let's see, here, Phil Henry, seven of a night. I get late everyone. Well, that's good. That's excellent. Men 25 to 54. Now who's the first one you said be as after Phil? Kevin Kali. Who's Kevin Kali? The member you said he gets points. Oh, Kali and Goon? No, well, he's not Kali and both of them are just Kevin Kali. The other guy got fired. They did pretty good, so matter if I must because the other guy sucked. No, no, he was actually the last of the show, but like I said, the other guy. They went from a four point through or that, no, then I don't know if that's stationary on our radio. That was a time Schmidt's shush knit. What station are they all? They went up from a one point one to a two point two. They got a two two. But I bet you have that two of Booms comes to... Kabum? How are they? How are they? I bet you know what's going on? You mean instead of how are they then? Well, no. Well, yeah, how are they built Guildi? Guildi and Kabum. And they both have a quick voice as a sound like Kibu. Don't be naughty. Don't be naughty, it's his birthday, okay? Nobody, they both have a speaker voice as well. Well, that's good. Okay, and you want to know how Phil Dunn? Yeah, please. Look at this, this is I don't swear to hell, it's Phil's 7-a-mid-time 2554 from a 6-1-data or 4-point. Oh, for a submit is drop from number two to number nine. No, no. So this wasn't a big Phil book, but it was good for our collion goon without a... What happened? What about that radio station? How did their number go on up? Because I thought maybe they were like a sleeper to try. Which one is that? The whole station that 40. Oh, sports is sport 940. They actually went up a little bit and all day parts. They didn't, you know, I mean nothing spectacular. That's the door. But they're making a little bit of a move. They're making a little movement. Nothing to worry about, right? Nothing at all. Okay, and you have a good day. We're dropping like flies in YouTube. Actually, the rest of our station didn't do all that good. It wasn't a good fall book, the dolphin book, you know? Every station that carries the dolphins, whether it used to be IOD or this one. Oh, it's the fall book. We'll fall back on the fall book and as it turned out, where they fell all right on their ass. Except for midday, September 10-3, we bailed their ass out, okay? I say congratulations to us. We're number one. Then we are. We actually went up, of course, that was following Georgia's summer book. So what do you expect? But nonetheless, we went up, precipitously, to a 6.8 number one by pretty fair margin there. Me and the mad dog, us and the, what's his name? And the rest of the station had a little problem. They're not Hank, maybe he'll kind of like cool as the brains out. I'll tell him a little more about him between the fat and being in San Diego for Super Bowl all week. You know, they have all those Super Bowl parties. Oh yeah, how they feed the media types all week. They just shovel that food. Like I had two cupcakes this morning because Fat Doreen brought in that food for Gellys birthday. And this is a true story which he told me at a hall and even she hates the mold mice too. That's really something. Let me say this one, even Doreen hates you like, Pores and you have no allies in a build. I don't want you to feel like you're out there on a limmo, but you are. She told me the story about how she brought in that nice feast there for Gellys, including a little cupcakes and a sort of bunch of fat and crap. What would you expect Doreen to bring? Fat and and crap. And so I was out there picking a cupcake out of the bunch there. Not really. Where is it? Yes. That was the first of two. And she said the mace. She said I brought this in for a Gellys birthday today and mold came out. And the pick one up and it was about to eat it and he said, Oh well, where is this from? Is this for us? She said, well, no, it's Goldys birthday about it in for him. And he put it down and refused either. Oh, well, in that case, here I will tell you. No, you can have it. Howard, it's okay. No, he wouldn't touch unless was specifically brought for him. Does the term pop as ask come to mind? Huh? I mean, doesn't bother me? I'll need anybody's free food. Doesn't bother me at all. Tell me at least they were still. See, in my case, fat asks comes to mind. I'm the first one to admit it. Were they good? They were pretty damn good. Especially for crap Doreen brought in. I wonder where she stole that. Publits. Did she get a public? We love publics. We like publics a lot on this show. Don't wait. You bet. Especially with all that good free food. 11 past nine at five, 60 WQN. Hey, here's a place for you people at our series about Luzen. Wait, or maybe like semi-serious. D-lites of West Booker. This whole story is dedicated to people or try to lose weight. The Atkins Way or the low carbohydrate way, which seems to be the new way people are doing it makes sense. Don't beat those brownies, by the way. This week, try the new entrantment low carb cookies. There you go in six delicious flavors. Only one or two carbs per cookie. You'll be in snack heaven. So whether it's carbolite ice cream, bread, chips, muffins, cheesecakes, pasta and sauces, the Lites of West Book is one store that's completely dedicated to you and your dietary needs. They got a staff that knows their crap inside and out. They're open every day, seven days a week, content attend. And the Lites, they carry the most complete line of Atkins' brands products and the best part of the deal is they're always 25% off the regular price all day every day of your life, even on circus, even on this day. By now you've heard of reports around the studies that weight the Atkins. numeral Uno, so do the smart thing. And head for the number one low carb sugar free store around. And at the Lites of West Booker, you'll find them on the Northeast corner of glazed in 441 next to Boston Market. Be sure and tell them that PD Lenny sent you and they'll give you a look like you never saw in your life. Call 1-877 low carb or check them out on the web at lowcarb.com. Don't forget there's only one deal of Lites of West Booker. It's your official Atkins retail center. I was standing there one day, not thinking I would die, from being able to make digital digital. I should never keep things down on those. A big back must be trapped inside my bowels. And I'm not gonna ha ha ha ha ha ha. How can you die from infected balls? You're not gonna die. Good at these bunch of doctors in. Now my hotstops, you should work outside now for my intestines. So, I guess I should have known what to expect, living in Miami, with the kind of service you've get as it comes. I would act with me too. Wow, you're home. Here, but you need that grass as well. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Why get you then me so too good at? Why get you losers to get it right? My bowel would block inside my hearty, can't make my third go out. Hey, 10 up there in a lantern world on your arm. We get the message. What we didn't really need fire with these. Okay, you clown you idiot. Look at this. He says, what about the bottle camp in? It was on a hundred and third street inside and I was made a bottle cap. Strimmer the bottle cap in, though. I don't need her. And then he says, the head, and I don't want you to see semi this five times, but he gets it wrong. If you're going to be doing that, Ted, get it right. He says the headliner with the cock and bull restaurant was Billy De Sahara. Later from Palm Beach. Yeah, much later from Palm Beach because his name was Bill De Sharra. Remember Bill De Sharra? No. I do. Could he sing or what, huh? No. Bill De Sharra. What is that bring back some memories? He was a cock and bull restaurant, which we got bow. I'm sure those are bogus votes, aren't they? Probably. Because I saw it in over the weekend, you know, for whatever reason that they decided to make the put that up there. But anyway, a cock and bull restaurant was in highly inline. It was the sponsor of mine and Craig Worthing and also Jerry Wichner. Remember Jerry Wichner? I remember the stories. He died. So guess who else died? Richard Krenna. Really? You know Richard Krenna? Yeah, pretty good actor. 176 he died from pancreatic cancer on Saturday. Game fame on TV's arm as Brooks and a real accoys made a successful transition from comedy to drama on TV and the movies including the sand pebbles and body heat. He died. Richard Krenna's dead. He died. Audrey Hepburn and Wade until dark and said him and so on. They would Judy, the Hardy family, Brunson Allen, etc. Anyway, his pretty good actor, Richard Krenna. I just thought I mentioned that. We always read a mention of the dead people. Speaking of that, here's your good friend, Paul Harvey Jr., who ought to be listening to Tony Bruno right now instead. You know what? You're an asshole man. Why is he going to cut out on Oye? You tell us why. Why? Because no, because you have to be listening to this show. We made you a celebrity. We made you what you are today. We don't want to take credit for it either. First, first of all. And you're giving us some an answer about you. We're listening to the Tony Bruno show like this. And kind of a sports nerd. First, let me say, you know, pop this mo, reminds me of my mother. Yeah. The reason I have not got to know. Don't be like a fat rich now, okay? He's high at it. Tough time. That a rough life. First off, I have been in Vegas since. By the way, Bruce Ranger won seven races at Pompano Park Saturday. Nice going. Bruce, he or she still don't know Brian, see or is anyway going? I've been in Vegas since Christmas. Yeah. Okay. I don't want to again and such a good mood. Uh, I, if one night, I'm cruising industrial Boulevard one night. And then I'm going to work. In five different stations, okay? Three stations had, um, uh, which we call, Phil Henry on. Are you sure? Yeah. Yeah. One station had high dogs hop aboard on it. Yeah. And another station had was Susan. Yeah. How sick is that? That's five stations with a Florida connections. So what about it? Not just then. It was weird. It was odd. It was weird that you'd be telling me about radio and Las Vegas. Radio and Las Vegas. Go back to Vegas and maybe in times. I don't pay any attention to the radio in Las Vegas. I couldn't call anything. It's on a radio and Las Vegas. When you're in the car, you don't turn the radio in the water. Yeah, I've turned it on. I don't pay any attention to it. But I'm telling you, trying to get from point A to point B, which saves me like an hour. So you're never going to get a back roads. You're never going to get what was there. What was going on? Well, I was out there. The AVN awards and convention. The one? The AVN, the adult video. Oh, all right. All right. And to Ron Jeremy, do you want to over? Oh, thank you. You look Ron Jeremy, Peter North, was there. Oh, the old trolls. Oh, my God. And every run up your alley. No, that, I don't think so. For sure. And the fixing is there. All these beautiful, poor no stars, gorgeous women. And you know what? The biggest lines were for Ron Jeremy, Peter North, Rocco's DeFanow, which may absolutely no preconceptions. Rocco's DeFanow? You know, the, what's his name? Rocco's DeFanow. Whatever. The zipper ready's DeFanow. He changes his name here. Yeah, he's in the hide hole. Also. I don't know what the hell is name. This is a big boy. Anyway, let me tell you why. As much as you like out there. It's welcome. You're not listening to tell me Bruno. I, because. What? You know, you never know. How come you're not listening to Tony Bruno right now? The guy's on bus you shot. That'll listen to Tony Bruno. Jesus Christ. I bet you, you had a lot of crap about that, man. I bet you people were called with two by fours right in the grass down. Yeah. The other one. The end of the phone rang off the bus. Good. Hey, you call Harvey Jr. by the way, who's a turncoat, who's turned on us at a time when we need his help. Hey, you, do you understand the kind of lead in that we got? Went tomorrow morning at about 11.30. When Maddie Belfine gets tough off his ass. And we get the actual numbers from the hour by hour. You're going to fight out that this man had less than a three share. I bet your life on it. He'll have less than a three share in men. Now, do you understand? This is during the fall book when the dolphin games are going on. And a pretty good season to the end there, which is after the book was over. Uh, do you have any idea how weak that is? Hey, what's it for a guy that blows as much hot air about what a big shot. He's going to change sports talk. And he's going to do this. Go to do that. Who's he going to blame it on? Is he going to be my fault? George has followed Joe and Markswalk. Is it the rest of the world's fault? Who wants to listen to a dick? The I.K. Yeah. Anyway, have a good day. Paul Harvey Jr. All we can say about him is he's an asshole. Yeah. Yeah, just wait till we get those hour by hour tomorrow. On the tower, the power with the Bobby Brown. Do we ever think of the name of that Frank Sanpa song? No. No. Okay. And how are we going to do this? Because this turned into like a major project. I mean, this is like a out of control. It's like that James of the giant penis big, you know, the whole thing just, uh, no, like mushroomed out of control here. We took the pool. In fact, if you had been out of town or haven't been paying attention, which were pretty pissed off about what's your favorite South Florida business. That's no longer around. It's back way till next week, but we do who's your favorite harness racing driver who's no longer around? Is it Lou Williams? Huh? Is it Francis O'Hare? Could be. Any dining hall? Okay. Here we go. Now from Thursday. There wasn't this from Thursday. The original while we did, I came, I'm lost. Give me a compass and a road map. Playboy club. What we'll do is we'll take the top 20 from Thursday. And this pool that we put up on that didn't get up till Saturday, because Eric and Carlos can't get their act together. We'll leave that up today while we're building the one for later in the day. Follow what I'm saying. Yes. I do. And we'll just keep this going for about the next four years. Sounds real good to me. What's your favorite South Florida business that's no longer around? In fact, by the end of the four years, we can put QAM on there. The way things are going. Outside at 10 to 3, pretty sad man. Hank had a bad October so a drag his own bookway down, but his other two months will be okay. Next trend comes up. But there's one day part and the night time had a just for a zip-a-dust drop, Panthers, man. They want to blame any K for what it's the Panthers. There's no interest. Now there's shut-out wind. Three and nothing over to penguins, 39. Anybody interested? Oh, they're playing the staff note against the Montreal Canadian's five o'clock starting time. Any interest? No. Well, how'd you like to count the house there today? Oh, and I should mention, I already mentioned it Friday. About the great job that the usher didn't want to one last to Wednesday. And I still keep it up, pal. Keep it up this Wednesday when Ottawa comes in. I'm going just to get pressed my nose up against the glass and say, hi to Marty have that of the Ottawa Senators. Number nine. Oh, number one in my heart. Number nine on the Senators. What are you laughing about? I'm just smart. Marty have led. He's a wonderful Canadian boys. A great player. It's okay. Playboard Club 158 votes. Here's the top two. I'm not going to waste your time with all these numbers because that would take us to noon. Like I said, let's do all the numbers. Playboard Club 158 J. Birens 135. And then you believe that J. Birens, do people miss that? Come on. You do? Why? Because they're cheap. Because they're much of cheap skates. Steve Birens was a Schluck shot. Like there are other Schluck shops that are just as Schlucky and yeah, like Target and Mervins and Target. Target Target. Yeah. Playboard Club 158 J. Birens 135. Sambo 87. Hemingway 74. Now you were a little bit suspicious about some of those because your wife used to work them. Were you never ate the food there? So what do you know? Hemingways was a very popular place. Yeah, but it was like just in Hollywood compared to all these other places that had more than one location. How about the Playboard Club? How many of those were there? I don't know. Ah. They just like playboy. For the same reason that they're voting no other place. No. No. Six flags at Lannis Water Park 72. Jordan Mar61. Wags 55. Taco Viva would have melted cheese. There were still raving about 51. Oh, I can just taste it now. Breed us a pre-mode onions and melted cheese. No beans. There was a Taco Viva right by me when I lived in Kindle. Boy, those were the days man. Oh, God. Those were great days. There was a Taco Viva right there, Kitty Corner Godfathers. On sunset just east of on 07th. Like a block maybe too lost for my house. There was a Taco Viva. And I go in here and get burrito soup and not supreme. That's Taco Bell. Tup beef burritos with onions and cheese only. No beans. And they would have that melted cheese. They would drizzle in there. You know. Anyway, Taco Viva 51. Wolfies 50. The winglorized to house 49. Pumpernix 46 where the old people put them out of business by stealing the salt shakers and the alve a silverware and the sweet and low. Shakes Pizza 40. The only good thing for Pumpernix is that all those old people put them out of business they're all did. Shakes Pizza 40. Burton Jack's 39. Beef steak Charlie's 38. Pizza 38. I still say I can't believe you when you tell me that that pizzas in 4-Latera are in federal highway and some are in the side. Oh. That's just scares the crap out of me. A studio restaurant. Remember Freddy's studio restaurant 36. No, that was a great place. Dolls 35. The black ainess and zeros each had 34 and extra 30. And that's where we draw the line. Got it? And we'll take about 500 more to make today's bowl. I'll get Alex. You know what's happening with that even though the cock and bull vote is bogus? Do you believe cock and bulls got 44 votes? No, we don't believe it. We're on mondiaman. I saw all your hanky tanky over the weekend. Okay. All you people like to dittle on our pole over the weekend. Get a life. Get a freaking life like par harvey junior. Can you imagine go to Vegas and be worried about what's on the radio? Huh? No. No. Radio? This matter of fact they have no clocks in the casinos. They should also have no radio's in Vegas. Who knows how's got timeless in the radio? Or sleep or anything. Right. You got to make a contribution there man. Just keep plunging and plunging. Travel channel all weekend long. Have those big issues again? Do you see that? All weekend long yeah. I wonder how much the Vegas tear out chamber of commerce pays them to keep pumping that stuff out. People are cheated Vegas. People are good caught cheating. The top 10 T-rooms in Vegas. Uh, oh, just amazing. I'm burnout in Vegas. 27. I am. I'm burnout. That's why hank's in the Super Bowl all this week. He's out there and saying, Diego, let's not that far from Vegas. Can you see him plunging the track all week long? I think he's got a better skin than I do the Humper. Hey snow in Miami. Never heard of it. Right. Well, Tom Lamin and Joe Prieto are buried. Maybe not in snow, but in vehicles. The fact we have sent how it's so many cars is no place to park. I'm even Tom Lamin had to park cars in his driveway so they need to place one in yours. Howl of his blowing out all new vehicles. Regardless of profit, when the Pontiac vibe starting in an amazingly low 13,998. And up to $5,000 off on every GMC on-boy in stock. Plus, at howl it right now as I speak, it's your percent financing or up to a $3,000 rebate. And as always, Halits got a stupid, unsanbitable selection of dependable pre-owned cars, truckers, and SUVs. If everybody else in town turns you down for credit, maybe if you know Paul Harvey Jr., they say get out of here. Have no fear because Halits here, the country would deal a matter of what. It's the winter blizzard emergency clearance sale going on right now at Halits Pontiac GMC. 134.01 South, Dixie Highway. That's on US1 across from the falls open seven days a week. And unlike all these other businesses we've been talking about that are coming gone. They're still around after 35 years in that same great location. And as always, when you call Halits or you stop by, we sure mention the Arrogatory Show you'll save even more. You can check out the Near Rogers Neal Deal Hotline tool free in 1 Triple 8, 5344211. That's 1 Triple 8, 5344211 for Halits Pontiac GMC, who say we are professional grade and they are. You're a turning general and prepare a redundancy and sensible shoes John Ashcroft. Legalization of marijuana is on the rise around the world, like England and Canada. But those are just some fart. We can't let that happen here. The greatest freeest and most arrogant country in the world. While legalization of marijuana would cause unemployment to rise by this matlin of the DTA task force and would take pool from the mouths of Diti politicians. So stick with alcohol. That's fine. And cover up their naked statues, will you? Have a mother complex and that bothers me. And get your feet off my nice clean floor. This message paid for by citizens against Banana America. I'm 33 at 560 WQA. So anyway, here's a picture in the Afraid Grim piece and a focus focus in the Hell yesterday. Picture of a crazy Greg Regnuel, the button south on the beach. Okay. And there's a couple of guys that look okay. But anyway, those were the days man. Let me tell you, when they drove on you all far it's here. Of course most of them are dead anyways. So what's the point of screaming at the dead? Huh? All those old parts when they drove spring break out of town and they did drove all the young people out here. That was the end. That was it. That was the kiss of death. I mean, we can talk about various, you know, the corkies on North Miami Beach and we can talk about peaches over there on sunrise, boulevard and for a lot of them. I mean, these are just additional nails in the coffin. But once they drove us spring break, that was like a message. There's no place here for living and breathing people. Only both people and the frogs. It's our times. And other frogs can't afford to come here anymore. Because that cheap crappy Canadian loony that the worthless currency. So, you know, that's a blessing and a misplacing. Follow what I'm saying. To mix bag. A mix sack. So on your old parts, I hope you're real happy as you're rotting in your graves that you drove all the young people out here and turned it into an outdoor funeral parlor completely. That was the only, that was the only breath that we had. That was the only contact we had with reality with living and breathing people was spring break the young folks. People on the edge of a hundred. Bible College Shons beastly six six six phone numbers. You see this? No. Well, here it is. This is in the hairless today, no less. A small ampulage in Bible College is fighting the change its telephone number because the six six prefects is disturbing to Christians who recognize it as the biblical mark of the beast. I didn't know the beast had a, well, that's his weight now. The beast. What a fat slob you are, man. You go off that thing for what about a day and a half. And we came back 15 pounds. What a tub of garbage you are, man. We're embarrassed for you here. That's been the talk at a whole station. Is that the beast came back in here on Friday and the excuse was well, he took away his black sock for a few days and again, back 15 pounds faster, new, you need four can always. Man. Can you believe that? I believe it's seeing as believe it. Jesus, God Almighty. Anyway, people say you're a Bible College and you have a six six six in your phone number said Carlyne Light and office worker Kentucky Mountain Bible College and Bank Cleveland Kentucky. It's the connotation nobody wants to be part of the mark of the beast. The conservative non-denominational Christian college on a hillside in eastern Kentucky has been tried for a month to persuade a telephone company to change the number. If I sound a little bit off this morning because I have those two cupcakes, better me than the Molo, you know. Well, I deserve them. But as he deserves, it sure wasn't part of a ratings part of his celebrate your ratings more till that. Can't crack a three-share in men. You wait till the mar. In fact, I'm going to tell you right now I'm going to bet Carlos and Eric's lives on it. Then when we break down the hour by hour tomorrow, he's got under a three-share in men. In the dolphin fall book. Do you have any idea how scary that is? Look at that. Rob Roy Mcgregor, the college's vice president for business affairs at staff and students while the number changed to a second prefix. Six nine three that was recently added after these six six numbers were taken. Wait a minute. Yeah, they was really Rob Roy Mcgregor. Rob Roy. He's he's kind of Billy Bob Roy. Ray. In the biblical book a revelation six six to mark of the beast is stamped into people's foreheads or right hands during the last days. Those who receive the mark corner scripture are damned to eternal punishment. Damn to work at QIM. I think that I think that we're going to turn things around in this book, you know? Because this weekend we got a big news show our operations manager who doesn't have much else to do. It's starting his news show called penis talks, starting Sunday. The beast represents Satan and Satan will put the mark on everybody who does secular trade. Mcgregor said, he ever do secular trade? Just this morning. I've done some of them. True Christians will not accept the mark of the beast it says. The Gregory said he asked access point in North Carolina based telephone company in the serves the college to change the number about six months ago. And the phone company says they'll make every effort to give the number change. So these purple don't burn and hell. Dang it. Okay, let's get down to business. Okay. And like I said last week, I think we'd better off more than we can two here, you know? The audience loves this at least so far until they get burned out on it like by 11 o'clock. But uh, but geez, I've got enough facts is here. I'm going to go through the facts is, you know? And some of you people just be patient. Okay. Look at this. See, here's one that came Friday. Does it just relax? I'll get to you. Christ I'm a dotting old man. What do you want? Jesus Christ. Carry this whole place on my aching old shoulders forever. I walk out of here on Friday. And there's Bill Tanner. Greg Reed and Little Maddie Bell come up to my ankle. And they're shaking my hand. Oh great fuck. Now I'm going to look a relief like you bail this out again. And we did. We did. I thought we were the ones that were going to suck wind in this last book. Cause following you know, a Georgian at summer book. No, as a matter of fact, we could take Georgians numbers from the summer book and they beat the pants out of the numbers from the fall book and the other day parts. Beat the daylight side of money like that and spite of the fact they feature like crap. I guess they've heard your show. But anyway, seriously, the numbers you had in the summer book beat the snott out of the other two of the drive times. That's not good at it. Oh. But your heartless heart bastards man who don't appreciate a job fairly mediocre decently done a job done a job done. That's right killing some time. Be it on here mumbling away a little bit talking about disgusting filthy vulgar things like Dwight Lutterdale, eaten man Bishop's ass. What? Oh, even he's grossed up. What's wrong with you, man? You know that it's true. Why do you think you had a shave that mustache? You start complaining they bury your face down and when did people start complaining? I don't know. Ask Sandy She'll tell you Causes sports arena bar now and I listen Carl's I don't want to start playing but boss here, but you and Eric I'm not putting up with any more of that crap. You know how many times I had to call him this weekend. I tried calling you once but of course You don't answer because you're sitting underneath the overpass Yeah, Carl is left under the overpass. They're on the MacArthur causeway The only problem is there is no overpass on a MacArthur causeway, but that's what he puts on his home address That's seriously. Let's when the show is over today. You'll facts the new group okay you got it and right these done and I Had to spend like at least two minutes on a fall with Eric on Saturday correcting this spelling He had credit. Wait till you're how he had creesky spelled K R E T Z K I E S creesky's They're out of business. They don't have no hockey equipment over there. Okay, it wasn't Wayne Kritsky's Yeah, they're out of business too causes COZ apostrophe is wasn't that See, and then they got tapas donor chop on 84 that's our donors We already got that under today. Okay get with it whoever's getting pushy about this facts Causes wasn't that who knows was that cuz last ski? My cuz last ski. I don't know what are so many of these damn sports arena bars Then it says thanks something a weather. Oh jump and Jeff from Jersey Which we already got the topless donor chop. It's called our donor. It's okay It's on there you can vote for it right now and we apologize for catching the audience off guard Although maybe it was a good idea to catch them off guard It allowed a bunch of fakeers to put cock and bull number one right now to pull for today Which I'm not gonna waste time reading them because it's up there now. We'll leave it on during the whole show And you can do it all the way on it Your favorite software to business at least out of this list that's no longer around Cock and bull restaurant 45. They're gonna get de-cute. I think aren't they? Very quaint. They're still around Were you stop? Dairy queen isn't that the place where they have that bazaar food? Yeah, and the non ice cream Dairy queen and the other people actually like Dairy Queen. Oh boy Can't us my smoxio deery keen or car fell Carval at least uses real ice cream. It could have fooled me You called that real ice cream? Not compared to real ice cream like Ben and Jerry's or something like that but Dairy Queen doesn't even call it ice cream What do they call it? It's oh, I can't say that on the ear Yes, soft syrup. That's what my dog usually drops 941 at 560 WQIM and all you folks out there if your home is just uh not big enough for you if you're outgrowing it and your home too Maybe your family's getting bigger maybe you need more room for an ad home office a nursery sewing room or a new bastard bed room or bath We need more space for your place call our guys at strictly additions strictly additions is your one-stop shop more space for your place Place where the worry for your pork to expand your living space they show up on time You won't have any hidden charges no games no BS though the experts at pulling permits of the work gets to complete the non time And now for the new year you can use your income tax return to get all the work done All you folks out there shopping for new homes. Why waste the time because by the time you sell buy clothes and move You might as well just pull some equity on your current home and cost for conditions and make it exactly what you need You'll pay for a new addition your home that you already love cost strictly additions today at nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred that's nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred their license they're insured professionals call nine five four Seven nine one eighty one hundred for free estimate call Cregor Patrick at that number strictly additions will save you time lots of money You won't have to move to improve get you a whole new house with the same address nine five four seven nine one Eight one hundred for our close by Zons at strictly additions Be cow errands coming To be signed I like Me Not Everybody Come Me say Oh I like Come and be want to go Six Seven Five Right Come Six Seven Eight One And One One One And And And Oh I You Come Come And And And And And And And And And Come And Me And And And And And And And And And So here's a facts. Somebody sends me one of our shoes on the internet in Chicago Gring break here's an article from the Assembl from 100 years ago or from a Chrissine science modular and I guess it's quoted in here But that count Nikki Grossman. Well we handed for 30 years it took us 10 years of Markulu and ever come a to nicky okay idiot you've kids Simple in They're all the same and we have no courageous leaders at his town. They're all much as slum bags All a bunch of goofballs including your government and that they proud that we got a real of government strictly politics or he or he or he not he doesn't have the power to fire my room elephant sure he does for incompetence but he's not going to do it because it's not politically correct I mean a mistake today market down okay here's a fact from a somebody who's absolutely correct it says sorry Marty have led as a good checkboy not Canadian not that a matter's in your right on both parts how could I be so stupid I guess I got blinded by the light well he's Canadian that he plays for auto what is a Canadian team in it that's still there thanks to the fact they build their ass out national hockey league is in big trouble but don't here you know tell me your abitman he's busy going move what like that what's still out there any more cupcakes there is everything is still out every needs to land there and i bet you're mode didn't take any with them because it wasn't for us specifically for him see people like it was this uh... guide akin to the track by the way don't come and bother me at the track please there a lot of nice people out there we appreciate your listening we thank for the for the die resolve of stuff but don't come and bother me at the track me in the fat man and direct we want to be left alone to lose in peace right that's p.o.p. insurance plunging in peace p.o.p. harbored echoes p.p. insurance just like this is a losing piece but everybody it uh... comes by the sales people are by me oh is that really uh is that for real with you and mo is that for real yeah what a stupid question the answer very simply is yes it is another one after we elaborate ago through a big song that's what i'm trying to figure is it going to be bruise range of this time of ryan series and who's that coming on a far outside looking like he's a fading in mid stretch is that wally and a sea again uh oh come on wally get into a baby you clown we're gonna send you right back to Nova Scotia where ever had you came from from hunger guess which ones didn't get any votes last now let's see i'm confused which day Thursday from the first pool don't even say days anymore right right in the new poll is up there waiting for you people to hit along okay the one i was supposed to be up there on a Friday afternoon we got a mall confused now cock and bull restaurant bullomat and then you believe that those are number one and two no summarized musical theater eastern airlines hallways for the touring windows pizza i'm not going to read them all because i would take to midnight uh the doll house Gracie what's Gracie's restaurant dot of that after teen votes you think that maybe someone owes might be suspect who hell knows um can you ride yours chicken doffs that's the crowd it likes to gum their food they like gummon it honeywood fashion all eleven pen rods in uh and et cetera that's on there but anyway from the first pool these we had nineteen eleven fifty three votes keep that in mind because it's state on their state and it's a it's a it's a state long past it's welcome was do catch what i'm saying though pluckers no votes sand solamans no what what what what what sand solamans remember no vives roast beef a big uh none night to the round table would just before the show george and i were reminiscing about a restaurant that we thought we were cheer for was king arthur's court or nights of the uh something or other and i think that's the one night to the round table that are really good night's fable something like night to the round table that was where they had a really great buffet had no vote night's news had no vote company to keep grants had no vote and the tiffy need dinner the poor tiffy and no wonder they want out of business they had a little vote tiffy's christ man but that frost your ass no not really but sounds good how about bobba meduro stadium i mean they still fit they haven't taken it down yet have they it's still physically there and i still think the marlins could play their this coming season it's got more than enough capacity for the two three hundred people it'll be there if you're including the players and the usher's and usher wets and the concessions people but nevertheless bobby meduro state and nobody are you making a new list we got one what do you got i gave you two right what is he got on what right now he's got nothing what do you mean you got nothing what was he on bobby meduro what about the one of first one i gave you the bell to say that we were starting the new list yet he thought you were talking about these uh no no uh causes uh what is it now i tore it away and i mean what now causes sports or mean a bar c o z apostrophe s see what i mean about him he was busy putting those uh stories in or at least pretending to be mean he wasn't done with that yet if he wouldn't take a half an hour to brush his teeth and take a bath in the sink he'd have been done with that long time ago i had those done here by seven twenty this morning he's a little bit of a late start you might say that's what error said anyway i'm not getting back into the middle of that again man you talk about a catfight if we are two computer experts you got causes sports or mean a or we whatever that was and bobby meduro statement there we go there's two i want to make sure we get this list right this is very scientific and Fred Grimm right my right another piece in a hero about it but i doubt it hey Fred give credit where credit is due okay you're not full of us you're not full of us over here at QAN where everybody steals our crap the top draw seventy nine street the top draw and they used to be uh i think Craig were the sponsor somebody sponsored the top draw the array of it got a top the top draw that was on seven it says Nancy and Doug would the group shaking with robe and Roberto whatever that is i don't know what that means and you know who else has gotten the votes day the toast my old friend Toby oh i wonder if he's still alive robe not robe Toby you don't want to toast the toast was good it was one of my fine sponsors a hundred years ago the racket cub on seventy nine street this obviously some of you to hang out on that neighborhood the racket cub you got that good can you spell it the east ocean in hell and i have no idea what that is don't put that time i don't want to this one of the best local group seventy z a's i don't want to take it a little bit too carried away here's one fed co remember fed co discount department store's fvdc oh got it fvdc yeah fed co you got that already i think he just nods his head he doesn't just pay any attention though he can't hear you when it's from the volume down i don't know well quick turn into volume down fed co you got it because the audience is gonna start revolting out there to get stuck getting pissed off and fired up and here it says on forty nights we know highly there used to be a restaurant called my friends my friends got it my friends he's got it good and how could i forgot in this Jesus man am i slipping away the people e-macin bollios from those great z a todays uh oh brother co up stand major c remembers that e-macin bollios great ice cream over there on university drive and what is that is that the tamarac university at what university like by i don't know commercial up around in there that's let's have a rackish yeah e-macin bollio that's e-m-ack and b-o-l-i b-o-l-i got it e-macin bollios better put ice cream e-macin bollios ice cream well how could we have forgotten about that those were the great days man that was really something look at this we got now let's get that cock and bull out of there they're gonna get de-cute i guarantee of that sunrise musical feet of wood i still can't believe that's closed remember the big cock to top so we had about that here on friday and somebody in Carlisce insisted on looking up on her website see they were just being a little optimistic that's all oh yeah coming uh january first 2003 Elvis Presley in concert there's about as much chance to him show up this month as there is a them opening up again none then somebody said who the oh our clear channel sold it and to a church right leave it to them okay leave it to the people at church our church here channel the grave robbers at church channel though the cello to a church the sunrise musical theater the same people who killed music on your radio are killing music live in town at least there they may not be good to least they're consistent about to grave robbers then i give you one of those uh the bill sapphire's calm about the FCC and on the yeah on our website go to our website and check the stories okay do a little bit of reading don't just sit out there and sit back on your ass and listen for free to all the great entertainment we provide free every day go on neo-wansures.com and check out the great stories that the Carlos works feverishly to put on there for at least 20 minutes 956 and 560 WQAM boy i just wait how how many which do things this can go on in fact let me ask you this how many more businesses you think can go out of business during the time over taking a poll right oh we can it's one of those where it's hard to even keep up let me ask you a question are you in need of current assurance have you gotten tickets in the past or had an accident do you have bad credit well if you answered yes to any of these things then here's the number to call one triple eight five oh six seventy two eighty three that's the number four florida first insurance they have the current year in policy plan for everybody regardless of your past record they've got low-down payments and they can get to the current year as you need for as little as three five bucks a month column now tool free at one triple eight five oh six seventy two eighty three florida first insurance offers free quotes is family old and operated with years of experience use of the current year as you need but you need to call them now one triple eight five oh six seventy two eighty three if you need home life health or commercial insurance florida first insurance can get your covered and right now is a special promotion stop by at any florida first insurance location get a quote and you'll get two free casino cruise passes compliments of Las Vegas del marketing a sixty dollar value absolutely free that's right call one eight eight eight five oh six seventy two eighty three get a car insurance quote from florida first insurance and get two free casino cruise passes so don't forget no matter what your car history record is you have to call one triple eight five oh sixty seventy two eighty three that's florida first insurance for all your car insurance needs column right now here's the number again for the west coast one triple eight five oh six seventy two eighty three my hello six is four twenty oh five sixty three two way to the lab on have a penis look and congratulations get a life if you are so old you no longer have a teeth in your hand now there's a restaurant just for you the cream's cornucopia cream's cornucopia the cream cornucopia it's no one place to get the one thing you can still sort of eat and you can get it so many ways start your day with cream cornflakes or cream corncakes smothered in cream corn syrup pin triartaly lunch special cream cornchowder with a steaming hot gooey slice of cream cornbread or duper cream corn muffins all close your mouth you'll bat on this cream cornice game in it's what's for dinner now watch it down with a shot of cream corn whiskey creamy and what's up dessert how about some strawberries and cream corn I think I'm having a cream corn and dairy what you want nothing to do on come to the cream cornucopia they would love to have some guarantee of that ten oh two a five sixty never to cream here somebody faxes me this c and bc bolsters of white caught threat honey like that a day without Maria Bartowrow moors lips David favors her and Jim Cramer's ranch that's what a group of investors tell Yahoo stock message boards that they want a grassroots campaign to boycott c and bc on january twenty-two is taking shape across the message boards but it doesn't look like it'll spell doom for the financial news networks ratings if you're turned of c and bc's biased reporting regardless of what stock you own or follow planted to them out all day january twenty-second since he management a message were tied up the bull and will not support it with our viewers your bridge the original message first put it up posted on january eight on the tech o message board g on c and bc the gambling channel there doesn't appear to be any rhyme or reason behind the january twenty-second it seems that they're just not going to take it anymore first originating the campaign even professors to be a fan of the three stouges which shouldn't be confused with any actual c and bc programming lary curly and mow c and bc had no comment on the matter but the c and bc's ever told the post is near post that uh... a boycott from stock message board post is wouldn't exactly be a bad thing they blame us for losing their money maybe if they don't spend all day on message boards whining they learn a thing or two about investing it says well you're all belonging to you there on c and bc on t right now i stand by what about we said we're pissed off and fired up not that it makes any difference it's cock and both still get a vote's on air not not really that was all i was bogus over the weekend there okay here's a fact that it's going to take me at least a six seven hours to get you on a faxes from last the thursday in friday how about you do it auto okay okay what remember that vaguely you do it now i'm not putting that on there will met co-theitors remember what met co-theitors there go right w o m e t c o that was big here will met co-theitors has anybody out of my ranch in hearty's not that's interesting did we have hearty's down here the other lights still be one in my amy somewhere based on what based on there always was hearty's is good hearty's is from sure it couldn't be here anymore but there was like just low and hearty's kind of like the royal castle said roe you know what they have that's really good those shroom burgers do you ever have those yeah i like a lot of stuff yeah i'm pretty sure it's rusts and hearty's is very big all over the country but here it seems like i don't know what's wrong with people here it may be too much coming to food like that last bit put hearty's on there and then if they're still here we can cross it up that's hrd e e s not why i'm telling you right now there's what no more hearty's they're all gone hearty's is gone oh i can't handle is this is depressing it's enough to make you want to get out of town again we corrected there's a hearty's in candle cross it out we're talking about how about incredible universe that was big incredible who's incredible universe you don't remember that oh yeah it was big and you better get one mister put that down to incredible universe right after you cross out hearty's okay and don't spell it with a okay look look at this list this list is gonna take us to midnight next to circus for you people are really out of control with this you know but they love it obviously they like living in the past and you know something why not the past and this down was your a lot better than now your whole brother no comparison there's a meal living in the past isn't good except here here's a call from a hollywood hello hey me oh i got one for you okay i'm sure you remember the home of the all you could eat burgers from more sweet in house that's for last years they out yeah and if good news is that they're still around somewhere here it is yeah i haven't seen that twenty years me either but there's still will find out the location okay i used to be a federal up by uh... owner right it was one there but i'm think that's around but somebody will let us know again works uh... we tried that right thanks yeah still around a food probably getting a little state after all these years but it's still here should have said that should have said that George let's see here's a medicinal place in on a list of above uh... spilling me not people in all the way about your spilling server facts is to make us use our carless and spilling uh... kretski's and that was one of the better ones any of the tavernetti there were a lot of bad spilling on there well nobody can be perfect okay he look at the computer job he's doing the york sure in gone york sure in your husband you're sure you're sure the shire in the ham shire in got it captains cash a cash previously lapinas lapinga your tropical park racetrack you know what that is don't go to put it on there oh he's got this guy's got all the in's the york sure in the ham shire in and the devinshire in across the golf team park racetrack yeah you can put that down devinshire hospital at the v-o-n-shire in now black seasers for which we took that off because we didn't know what it was we never put back on again isn't this like overwhelming a little bit i'm ready to pass out maybe it's from those two cupcakes so i better go ahead and i would like these people to want to talk to you instead of just relax you've been doing that for a hundred years now the ones that just want to shout in your ear you don't like to do give them the old dial tone okay if you want to speak to me give us a call five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line if you just want to speak to George unless you're a very hot year looking female with a great ass then forget about it right right i think i said that perfect i'm to picture black seasers forage got it you know how to spell seaser k el bolero which labing oh and then later became the monks in we already got the monks in the ostamagnana ostamagnana i've been you know how to spell that the Gibson girl what is that oh look at this king arthus court and i'm a spring see king arthus court we already had on there and got no votes and that just pisses me off frost my ass king arthus court was good i think my curtains remember my gardens yeah put my gardens down they're just for the hell of it airport hangouts the cockpit what about that place they used to bring us food there from um made days made days aren't they gone i don't know they're like they keep changing management they always resurface and i don't know if the name changes i have no idea what's going on with that place oh they had good what you call it so poppers yeah the hell of pink go poppers rye is lounge it's just a little gay banter they're just relaxed to her it's come down rye is lounge it's not just for faggot's i know that i look it's not trying to explain to me what life is all about okay it's a long time and you think you know a little bit of something which maybe a little bit you know but believe me uh trust me you're not even you don't even see the daylight yet uh the airport in you got it he thinks because he goes to treasure island season you know a couple of boobs every week you don't have to go to treasure island there's a couple of boobs in fact when you walk in and look at the morning crew that needs at the shirt and hotel across the lzoon road from the airport in fact you know what was that one it says the demonstraint across from gulstine park racetrack we had a sponsor that a crowd there have been more restaurants across from gulstine park right on federal highway there do you know what i'm talking about right on the other side of the road no there have been like 75 thousand different restaurants over there and they never make it i can imagine why oh i just goes to median age in that neighborhood is death plus 50 more we got too many old people here man too many old people and i'm starting to become one of them and i promise you when i start getting to be old i'm gonna get out get on my horse and ride out of here and i'll drive leave a few drop-ins for you on a way and say happy trails and have a great life and that'll be it uh sounds like it about a little less than four years to me or like two i think 10 hey listen just because they think they're gonna keep me hanging around here for four more years do you really believe i'm gonna be able to put up with four more years of this no and with that lead and we got now i think four more weeks is highly questionable at this point talk about a standing start we talk and that we started a minus column we all points when we start Jesus Christ and Joseph and Solomon Mary God less than a three on a on a sports station man 2554 during a dolphin season if that comes true if we find that out in fact muck probably won't want to give us the real numbers to be too embarrassed of course he's doing a lot of research on a showy starting this weekend it's eleven past ten at five sixty wqm kick off the new year with a great gift for your back because if you're not getting a good night sleep every night your back will tell you wake up every day go and feel like crap dial on mattress is the answer to your night sleep problem or daytime sleep or whatever it is call one eight hundred mattress and dial on mattress will have you sleeping like a baby tonight and all year long and for years to come that's what i do that's what George did even the lovely Miguel did that and like i said he's getting so much action now he can't even show up here today maybe because doing with chasing around an honor guilty's birthday dial on mattress carries the top manufacturers in the world they got silly certissimking coil in every size and style or a more cupcakes out there by the way when you call one eight hundred mattress you'll speak with a bedding consultant who knows their stuff inside and out and they'll recommend exactly the bed for you and you're back in the way you like to sleep like extra firm extra soft extra big extra small and when you order your mattress from down mattress they got exactly the one you want in stock no bait and swish like those bedding and department stores and you get to choose the date and time when they deliver it to you and believe me they provided their cells under ninety nine percent on time record which is just one out of fifty thousand reasons why they're ranked first overall for customer satisfaction so do like we do here at QM this smart thing and it's the easiest piece of shopping you'll ever do in unbeatable deal on a great name brand mattress by one easy phone call one eight hundred mattress one eight hundred MATT RES for the best in the universe at dialometrist my life and look oh six is four three five six two eight yeah next time on an all new episode of Joe millionaire it's not that I like money but I really like money well I'm not just all about the money I like a guy with money wait a minute we have to compete for a guy to get to the money hi ladies I'm Joe I mean Evan I mean Mr. Wallace I mean I just started getting so what was it like when you found out you inherited all that money well it was it was like a you know when the you know that painting of the dogs playing poker it was like that I guess kind of look at how tall you and rich I'd like money you know what a guy was long pants mean see for pockets for more money stop looking at my money that's my money bitch stop pulling my hair wait it don't miss the basic side of women with an all new Joe millionaire wow this stuff that you just brought in from here and insisted that you eat what I just went out there to look around and see what I was left because moments such as our push you'll you let's rate oh three yo big shot oh my request yes now we pass the time away in the geo jail oh oh somebody wants to hear the whole bit they never heard the whole thing well we'll do it momentarily when we get around to it momentarily momentarily here's what it says Neo but forget about the drive-in there was the North Day drive-in in Northwest 27th Avenue 173 speed so anyway hearty's you can put it on there okay because the word is that just don't spot with a it's H-A-R-D-E-E a positive he has got it good good going there so should we do these driving why not what up the North Day driving tropical and a drive in biscuit hundred thirty five speed and the arrow driving at four forty one and sterling road nice Paul have a great day let's see sir pizza but get guess what we're minutes take two late now or sir pizza on a one-at-one right now today see the problem with this is that I said what did I say now you're witness I told Carlos on Friday I said split these up and we'll do one of these today split them like in half or even in thirds and we'll do the other ones Monday and Tuesday and that what I said I don't remember that far back shmuck you specs all stick together don't you spritz of a feather spicked together but anyway so we puts the whole thing in which an air excited me he didn't ask you said what you want me to divide him up as an output him on the only probably now that if you look to find one I got about two thirds of the way down and then we uh fresh again it's refreshing and it is wild is on the list what I'm trying to say is that there's one in on kiva scaners a sir pizza it's on today's list oh there is right there it's got two votes and that's the amazing part of it we put stuff on it it's still open and they're getting votes I don't want to say we got a few pusses out there but you know what I think we got a few pusses in his audience a few schmucks a few yash mackels there were two other ones that we had on there that I had a call and I haven't taken off it there that are still in Venice so sir pizza sorry about that Eric because I realized it's gonna make you drop that the fantastic holiday a chocolate lace that you're eating right now anyway there's chocolate lace a crisp lacey empty inner chocolate and what it says crisp lacy patterns of caramelized sugar come with a rich dark chocolate oh it says kneels blood sugar must be at least 800 now you think oh man after those two cupcakes actually all I had done was picked up one more cupcake it's like crispy cream donuts you can't eat only two you have to have three but then I looked at the box and I thought what's in the box you know I'm inquisitive right and look at that have you ever seen anything like that he blivers this is real it's a taggingish yeah it's real a taggingish well the rain brought it in thanks a lot to rain you're making me sick more so than usual I think that came from the basket you know something I take back everything I've ever said about her I like to rain as of right now despite a Miguel bitch in about her chasing around the building hey I've tried to chase him around a building too he just moves too fast always said he'd do me before her but anyway what he laughed at about you know it's true he's a human that's why it's fun but no seriously they uh I take back because as she was that was a very amusing plan it was a true story she told me this morning about mobile in a real prick even to rain can't stand your sorry sustale egotistical act okay you silly old koot wouldn't eat the cupcake because it was brought here for Geltys birthday and not specifically for him isn't that sad isn't that pathetic didn't bother me I didn't even ask where they for there out if somebody puts food out on that table see and the in the upstairs lobby what I guess we call our lobby here whatever you'd call that out in the hallway the foyer the foyer the entero the uh anti-Christ and we got a table sitting out there by between where muffs sits in between clearance which you know as we haven't seen clearance at a long time have you seen clearance that late not late I think he's gone to the hideie maybe we made him the scapegoat for all that business but anyway so that table sits there and ordinarily any stuff that comes in that uh people yeah is more food than anybody else can eat they just shove it out there and anybody that walks by they're entitled to it right grab a little bit it's usually the way works hmm so anyway there's a crispiness can you hear him carry a normalized sugar huh man let's hear a 2000 oh don't you I in fact that's what I should have done is brought my little machine in yeah we could watch it yeah we could laugh it and when it goes like like that then you know come and scrape me off the floor and I call the ambulance now or wait till 11 that what what's the big deal with is okay and you think I'm gonna eat like a lot of this plus the two cupcakes yeah well the two cupcakes are already good or we like that adjusting there for minting but I'm talking about this look at how much is in here there's like layers and layers of this in here well look at that oh no and it's like lace it's called chocolate lace because it that's what it looks like they're like in the layers and let's talk the lace caramelized sugar with a rich dark chocolate coating you're gonna die up there hmm man's record wow I've got a new diet now I'm just gonna need a lot of crap before noon then I want you to rest of the until I get home and then it's a trend right and then the way home back now I have dessert at the track and I just do a piss off at rich here's a call from West Palm Beach hello hi I was wanting to if you remember this restaurant called braese bowl laca rida a big your pardon it was a cross the street from playpen how do you spell it a braese bowl and then the laca rida was upstairs which was the gourmet downstairs was just the gay gourmet um page beef but the laca rida upstairs was like laca rida and the bottom part was called braese bowl and it was the same owners of seawater I see I worked there in 77 and the other thing I wanted to do I wait in my way when you're going too fast for a dopey Carlos and you're gonna brave bull you got that and laca rida he's got it and also um the church didn't buy the stadium a cop did to harbor witness they bought the son right the eater and also West Palm Beach arena oh all right we have a good day now you two thanks for the bad news thanks for seeing what the audience loves this you know what we even had a lady there unsolicited topless car wash across from where it causes was it says if you don't believe me I asked a mad dog what do you say mad dog how how how how we're gonna ask the mad dog okay he's not in here to one everybody's working today by the way mad dogs in one Hank is at the super bull out there all week long and sandy it was another one of his tough assignments but he's got a short show today because it at the hockey game we got this have no hey mad dog was there a copless car wash across from causes okay thank you says they used to have a curtain drawn around the car and the girls of the used to hand wash the cars topless they used to give you hand job topless and what about all those bikini girls selling hot dog well that wasn't a business okay although a lot of people do miss that I was there business but it said I think they were causing a lot of accident all this is jumping jury again is not out of control okay give it a rest here from jury your maniac k-pop tree and we already have magic market that's m-a-g-i-i-g-i-g-i-c are they gone I don't know so the good news is that hard I mean the bad news is the hearty is gone good that we can put it on list of hardies is damn good I don't care what anybody says hardies is like light years better than burglar king I'll guarantee you that much much better than McDonald's oh man I noticed that Rudy's has got some votes on here is that on today's it was that I'm last uh I can't keep track I don't even know where to how I got it was on the first list that was on the first one Rudy's sirloin burgers that was a damn good place and straight then again so was wolves and I really like the fact that you could build your own burger because who trust these other people they always do it wrong I'm looking to see where the hell Rudy's was it had it had some there was one in pep ropines I know there was one it was one right on this game by like 81st street when we worked at i would do when you would turn the corner there to go up toward a 95 and there would be I don't I'm gonna see our usher was on the thing on Thursday are you sure I know we were talking about it on Thursday well until I actually put my thumb on it here look at that David's hot dogs had a pair the very in village misspelled had to mister coda Arnold had 14 and we have some people in the Saudi and so survive eating there well was that a schmutzie place where am I looking for Rudy's there it is 13 votes see it was lucky for us but unlucky for them another out of business Rudy's was damn good I guess maybe it was like a little too pricey it was more expensive than the other fast food joints because Rudy's was damn good what's wrong with you people out there they bring you a good product here like hearty's and you people like spurn it you avoided like the plague like the bubonic plague here's the call from sunrise hello yeah I know yes sir there's three places that I remember if you remember Rudy's I remember Rudy but I remember about marina bay at 8495 did we do marina bay I think we ever did that you did okay yeah and the brickyard was a late night lounge that when everybody else closed they went there because it had a four clock life there's a commercial boulevard okay but the main one was where Wayne Cochran was in his prime as a rock role senior was the barn on semi-nice because way got it Carlos the barn have a good day and you too thanks the barn Wayne Cochran never Wayne Cochran for sure do you just bug out okay what I'm gonna do is I'm just gonna take this one piece and I'm close this up because if I too much of this I will die before the show ends and I would probably wouldn't be a good idea because we know trust have any one today oh see I could have taken today off today is illegal holiday but I noticed that nobody did take it off I started to mention Hank some three to four thirty then we got the shiitko pants are preview from 430 to five pants is host a much girl Canadians the frogs with saku kuebu and the lovely josey theater at the five o'clock we got the again going anybody gonna be there I would be there except it's a track night and Marty have let the lovely check is Levoccan Canadian my would have leans Marty have that won't be there till Wednesday when the red hot best in the illegal to a senators come in so we got the pants are Canadian game in five some of you pants are fans better sure up there probably a lot of people are realized it's a five o'clock start be there please we got the u.m. against u. con on waxy 790 that game is 7 o'clock because we can't what what do you give him look like that anybody care about u m basketball no any k9 30 old two in the morning on the g.a show and we got you on mark overnight that's the schedule then in the morning we're hoping that you're letting the helping hand to our good close personal friend the molemeister whose numbers are bad they're bad don't we remember we're stand the hand of not friendship but something throw a number I've been begging him for almost a year now throw a number in there one month okay to give us a little bit of hope well some people were trying to torpedo his shows since they got about that if he weren't sandwiched in between two non sport shows sandwich sandwich sounds good but I'll stick with my chocolate lace thank you oh oh sandwiched that sounds good you could put a slice of that in between two other slices or like you could like to take that cupcake in squash it and put between two slices of that sounds good 27 27 past 10 at 5 60 wqm hey guys within a year in full swing now's the time to act in a new high paying career fast win is holding a free career similar are this two day evening tomorrow and it's candle mimey for loaded ill in pepper pines locations it's a free seminar call 1 866 fast rate reserve your seat that's 1 866 fast train make 2003 the year that you're in a high paying computer job if you're overworked underpaternase suckhold job go in no place this could be the most important 50 minutes your life fast rate can have you certified ready for your dream job and just for short months call fast train toll free at 1 866 fast train you know I says suckhold in a copy why times record it fast rate has got convenient evening we can classes for you call 1 866 fast rate reserve your seat for tomorrow evening for directions to the fast rate nearest by you just go to fast train.com and you'll be on your way to a new high paying computer career fast train suffered as leader in computer training 5 a local this is 5 60 there's a buck as melon and that's why I think that's it'll have a chip pineship season the jet and will I tell you you don't talk to like say you can talk this is the beast I said shut up fast so that you're like a father to me you don't talk to lambs done talking well not done talking then you talk okay I'll be coming come here I want you to meet a friend of mine mr. guff club why are you gonna show you the business and the mistake coming this court sentences you're too 20 years in hours what you in both I had thought a tag of my mattress look like we'll be your bunkmates the names more how a David star is stage screen and paradise what's your legal me coffee you got so thank you change No man. Hello Ra, new in the blaze over there. And so pretty. Okay. For the power of sleep like that. You know who I am? No, can't. And then don't pick it up now. I'm here for lunch. All right. But I expect a written apology. I might just put that boom head above that. Hello. Boom head. I'll pick the front. This is the key to the air. The one I'll see you now. Thanks. Well, Mr. Davis. Hello, what in? Toon. Jack. Jack ordered. How can it help you? Well, you see more than the air. I keep getting raped at the day. So is a vanishing. Jalook is doing right away. Thanks, Warden. It's about time. But it's out drop your pair. I said drop your pair. This is ours. Oh, favors don't come to you. Oh, no, no, no. Let's rate more. 3DO big shot. That's how we pass the time away. In the game, Jalook. 33 at 5. 60 WQM. Some of these people may not have to actually build up in your ears. What about our donuts with the topless waitresses? Didn't I just get through saying that like only a second to go? Seconds. Only like milliseconds ago. I smell that. Yeah. I'm trying to run off this damn thing on here, but it's not coming out yet. The treehouse lounge. You're rocking real club on Mustick's. You're highway at the day, Broward line. Treehouse lounge. Remember that? Nope. I don't even put it on there. Treehouse lounge. Oh, this is going to take about 18 pages of facts. I'm just trying to print this thing out. I can read it. What's your favorite self load of business that's no longer around today? It's part two. It will all be part three and I think that'll be enough of this right? Okay. Until Wednesday. What? Well, I don't know this. This is, uh, they love this. In fact, here's the facts from Dr. Dave, who says I just looked over to pull up in here since 83 and many on the list are blast from the past. It's a blast, baby. Yeah. We got a blast for you. I've blood sugar is 1700 by the way. The room is spinning around, spinning around like a goddamn dreadal. Like I'm on a merry-go-round. See, I think that's a great data. What happens is then you go home and you take a nap. Your blood sugar gets up to about like 600 and then it starts precipitously going down when you eat nothing like for hours and it goes down like about 60. Okay. And that's called hypoglycemia and you wind up with like just the opposite. And then every time you go to get up you like pat your faint. You know, you fall upon a floor. You get woozy. Yeah. No. You pass out. And then after that you wind up in a dive at a coma. But what a way to go. Let's see. It says this is a redundancy. Where we don't see on the list you want to say. A sentimental favor for me. The round table is part-owned by my grandfather. There is on the list twice. Twice Carlos. Ah man. You have to up, baby. I can't imagine. There's only like about 4,000 things on there. How could you do that? He says it is there is one word round table and then correctly for the journalist. Well, maybe some people had a round table like an early living room. I don't know. Maybe that was the first one. The round table correctly. Okay. So let's see about that. Talk to David. He says at the end. Glad to help them. Thank you for the great trip on I'm knees your lane. Yeah. This is good and all you young punks out there to say. Oh, we know about eight of these places. Well, yes. What? You might learn something here today that this used to be a pretty good place. Used to be. And now if you're a young punk. What tell you doing here? That's a obvious question. What in God's name are you doing here? Working. What? You're not a young punk. You're getting older. Look at the gray here. You got more gray here than an ancho mama. Look at that. You got more gray here than the old head before the last one fell out. Before put those nasty muskrats on there. Here we go. I told you it would take 6,000 pages because Schmickle and here put all of them on one day. Didn't I say we'll split these up? Didn't I say that on Friday? I know I said it. It doesn't remember that far back. He doesn't remember that far back because you keep bugging them too many drugs. Or selling whatever in his case giving. It couldn't possibly be selling with him. What's your favorite sublord of business that's all or when this is part two of my right about that? I don't know. I'm serious after eating the two cupcakes in that nice long sheet of chocolate idea. I don't even know what building I'm in much less so what planet. How could you allow me to do that? It's isn't it his fault? Yes. He Carlisce is your fault. You're supposed to be in charge here. That's what Greg always says. That's why we won't give you any credit for a decent summer book. And beating the crap out of the other day parts in a summer time by a million miles. I think the I'm like have a goddamn statue that George out there from the building. He held up our end. Just like the big monument we're building to Brian Sears in front of Pablo Park. And Bruce Ranger ain't too happy about it. Which is why I won seven on Saturday. And I's going air, Brucey. Cock and bulls got 46. Do you believe it now? So I'm a musical theater which we do believe is moving up fast 42. Eastern Airlines 38. My god. Eastern Airlines has gone of course. I used to fly to Hawaii on Eastern all the time. All the time. I know swear but I mean I love Eastern Airlines. I was a good airline. What happened? It happened. Crap happened. Bullomat. Do we know what the bullomat is? I think it's an oven. It was a bogus. That was going up there with a cock and bull over the weekend. Are you cocking me chronic so we're doing a weekend? Well, have nothing better do than deal with the new Rogers website. Fuck. I'm not all weekend long. Cock and bull and bullomat. I wonder which part of that first one they like the best. Hollywood's for the Torium 24. Uno's Pizza 22. Dal House 18. Area Code 305. 15. What was that? I remember somebody called in a month. I forgot all the time. It was a joint. It wasn't like on a phone. It was like a joint. Penrods 14. Gracie's restaurant 13. Hollywood fashion mall. The 18 and reclub can't watch your chicken and cranky parts of the lead head 12. And I'll take me to four in a morning to read all these because you put them all on one list you idiot. Which is a good idea. Miami Hollywood's Speedway JJ's Diner Summers on the beach. The Aurora Ballroom and Duffs. Duffs. Can't love him. How do you like that? What are you used to gum their food? Duff. Art stocks play pen and clay and art donuts and naked the topless donut shop and K-Potry and Hed 8. Now whatever happened, what was the final resolution with that art donuts with the naked donut shop? I think they closed them up? Yeah, they went, well no, they just they went belly up. Yeah, that's not real. Lime Taberneta. Which your taste like poison cause these to bring me that great food and they wouldn't give him squat man. Carolyn wouldn't give him the sweat off her art. It's pretty good. Good for you Carolyn. Good chicken. Okay. What does he know about I tried in food? I know. That was a good place. I know watching you. That was a great place. Yeah, I enjoyed having to volunteer. Yeah, I enjoyed lunch. Mutiny had seven unicorn village. Now that were my great sponsors had seven. That will teach them to bring me too much of that brown rice stuff. Remember that I would know the wild rice. Yeah. Can't he store seven? Who song in Larry's six firehouse four six? My pie head six. Burger chef had six. Or some people say Burger chef. Don't you hate people? Let's say the pronounced like Chicago. It's not Chicago. It's Chicago. You idiots? Yes. Burger chef. Oh. Did I mention about David Horrell? Not on the air. Oh. I'm not really sure what his last name is. I thought that was the guy who ran a car over himself. And he was there. Pablo Park said, I thought I saw the ghost of the toad. Back there because I'd been told that he got run over. And he ever watched that right next to Dick Fineberg. I said, oh my god, it's the toad is back. The toad. Good. Golly Miss Molly. One thing about those racetrack people man. You can't keep more even after they die. They come back to know that. Maybe we'll see or any from call to becoming back. I love or anybody out there. Remember or any. But we have some. You talk about racetrack characters. He was even better than lesser green shirt. Remember, Lester? And his diner? Now, what were you saying the other day about Lester's Diner? We're not going to miss you. You're going to give one more chance. Yeah. We went there one time. It was atrocious from the smell. Oh my god. Really taste and texture of the food. Ah. It was an abortion. Now, I'm trying to think which one is Lester's? It's you know where else there was a very famous. Diner. Biscayne. And seventy eighth around in there. What's that was any of that one? Like right south from where the play how the. Play more tough on one side and a pussy cat on the other side. What? I know where you're talking about. But I have no. Wow, however, evolutionary. You think that's still there? No. You know if can't be. No. How come that's the honors? Maybe it was. I don't know. We've only got like 45 pages of the ones from the pool. I can't imagine why people can't figure it out. And we probably have like 6000 of them here. They don't even have a vote yet. Like creskis. Which still ain't spelled right? God. Damn it, Eric. I thought it was Carlos was the dumb one. You're both idiots. He's got creskie with the K. It's not Wayne creskie, okay? Okay, KRS, the S... How do you spell Cresgis? Well, the G, how about the second K? Cresgis, five and dime. Well, I'll tell you, when you deal with Goiamen. We are sports video 5-6-4. You A-M. Zero-2. Gah. Here, from the makers of the Lester, it's a fan substitute designed for sex offenders, introducing my last R. Well, Lester works in a molecular level to induce gut-wrenching diarrhea, whenever they have the urge to act on their sick fantasies. Hey, Mr. Would you like to buy a rattle ticket, so my scout trooping Goiamen is summer? Well, well, well, don't you look so handsome in your uniform. Why don't you come inside while I get my wallet? Would you like to see my cat? Mr. It's... Oh, sorry. I can't help you. Hi. Hi. Hi. Oh, I got a... You're... No! Sorry, kitty. My last rest. The latest weapon in the battle against Benafile and other assorted sexual deviants. It's 13-4-5-60WC. We got the Mad Dog of One Hank briefly from San Diego, where the Buxel take on our waiters next Sunday in Super Bowl. Thanks for going to be out there all week long doing a show on the premium Hank Goldberg Show, because we got the hockey game today. Oh! Anybody interested? Here's the alert. Now we're now at the Carlosco. He's put... And what are you eating now, a bagel? With crinches. What is wrong with us here today? Because... That's a little kosher that damn food pusher brought all the food in this morning. Man, what is wrong with her? Doreen the queen. Shut up when all that food down or a guilty's birthday. He don't even speak to us. You know something if I was him, I wouldn't put my head near either. A little backstabbing twerp. So George Corso calls the squidy voice. George Corso said what? He called and sent Carlos on a mission in the control room. And to do one. I don't know. Having to do with this show? I have my doubts about that. Probably not. Oh! What was the mission you were just done? What did George Corso have you doing there? No, I want to hear about it now. What is it? We can't watch. It's a big secret. What does that mean? It's a big secret. It's a big secret. What did you just do? What did you just believe for? You can't tell you. Get out of here. I'll tell you during the break. Okay, you're on prayer. Okay. Anyway, you're ready. You got your pen again. I don't care what you're doing. And I just want to make sure you're right these downs. We don't have another major pull-fart. Like we head over the weekend. Your audience is so damn confused out there. What's your favorite self-load of business that's no longer around? This is bigger than God damn Mary Tyler. More than $6 million. And, uh, O.J. That's how big this whole deal is. Everybody in town is talking about this. So how do you spell press keys? KRES GE. E.E. A.E. A.Poster FES. Creskeys. Now with two K's, okay. If he puts one more K in here, they're going to be knocking on his door pretty soon, especially on this day, okay? Don't be putting too many K's in there. You idiot, especially if they're in Orlando. Okay. Okay. Just this one time, I'll let you ask me about my business. Okay. Cock and bull restaurants got 50. And do you think it's possibly for real? I have no idea. Is real? Oh, and by the way, the guy keeps vaccinate me about Israel and the the Arabs, uh, get out and get lost. Go do your own show. Read this. Talk about this, uh, no. We're having a good time here. I'm not going to get bogged down in sidetracked with a bunch of crap that everybody already knows there's nothing we can do about the Jews and the Arabs and the Arabs and the Jews. Oh, and guess who else stole material for me? Dave Hyde. Where is that? Talk about Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy. Who are you sports writers and other affones in this town, kidding, huh? Where else that sports? So yeah, avoid the rush. Get the hype early. Right, so Dave Hyde. He says, well, let's see what we have here. We have John against Allen, Allen, against John, John, and Allen, John, John, Allen, Allen, John. Where do you think you got that from, huh? Oh, my god, Dave Hyde, shame on you, shame on you. And they never give any credit to us to the station. They even purg it about me. Even in this radio station for stealing our crap, you know what? Uh, Jimmy and Danny, uh, Jimmy and Danny. Yeah, right. Man, what a bunch of, four and guess who's got another column rod that network TV shows from Hollywood, Tom Jika. Who's totally out of touch with anything that's going on here? El Torito, Mexican restaurant, can't see that. We put that on there. El Torito? With the T? And they'll put the Rito's on there, okay? El Torito. Bogeys barn, it's a Pometo golf course. Remember Bogeys barn? Me neither. Bogeys. Bogeys. And Bogeys. Which I still say that the young punk's out there would know how to revoke our from Uranus. Which you think that's such a popular song? Everybody did the poll on the bits. How could we forget? Right. And that did very, very poorly. And you were very surprised. Don't revoke our thought. You think that's big because it's a pot song. You think that every pot song's going to be big. But the problem is, how can we revoke our thought about 100 years ago? Never the less. Never less. What is name lives on? That term lives on. No, it does not. Trust me. Okay. Maybe in your house. Maybe with your drug induced crowd. How's your drug induced crowd? Then Amsterdam. And Toronto. And Crown Rocking Lounge in Candle Lake. It says here. Crown Rocking Lounge? Put it down. Okay. Let's have 50,000 names on these polls. All right. Get this audience so screwed around. They won't have time to leave the house. You can't get into too much trouble that way. Stoodabakers. Oh, and now that was in the time of country mall. Wasn't Stoodabakers like that? All these, uh, like, right? Like an American graffiti kind of place. Yeah. Okay. Only they got a definitely spell wrong here. S-T-U-D-E. Kate, you alright? Stoodabakers, you got it already? How, how, I just read it. How can you have it there already? He's making this up. What did you tell him in a hallway? Zip sporting goods. Not to be confused with Zip's ice cream. No, I don't, no, put down Zip sporting goods. We can't put down every business. It's never going down a bit. See, let me read the pool again. What's your favorite South Florida business that's no longer around? How can you have a list of? That's like saying, one of the 50 best Italian restaurants in town. You know? Here's one of the top 6,000 restaurants in South Florida. Looms. And from what I'm hearing, it's not anymore. Don't go to the one over. Well, tropical flea market. Bird road in the Pumano Expressway. You got tropical flea market? Charcoal steak. How did we already do charcoal? Because if we didn't, I can't imagine why. Did we do it? He's going to write it down to me. All right, it's down because Kendall and I mean, charcoal was very good. The organ grinder. Come and grind your organ at the organ grinder. What it is, I don't know, I guess. You think maybe like a sub-placed day? They don't call grinders here, like you do in New England? No. Grinders, hogees? Oh, God, let's see, you left out to follow me for my business. Yeah, I left a lot of them out. Okay, Don. Just relax, Don. You left these out. Like we're going to get them all? There's probably, let's see, Tyler's restaurant and cruel geobals. Got that Tyler's restaurant? Got it? Got it. Probably Steve's place, Steve Tyler. Now, what were you saying about him on Friday that he was ugly? Mirriy go round in cruel geobals. Mirriy go round? That's M-E-R-R-Y. Well, he's likely to put M-E-R-Y. Holds some's restaurant, we know about the whole some bakery, but whole some restaurant? Never heard of it. Never heard of it. Yorkshire and on burgro, I think we did that. And we did that. Did that, Don, you wrong, Don. Hey, Don. Varsity and a cruel geobals. The barn we just did, and we just put the barn on there and said, Don, you want to see me just put it on there, Don. Varsity in. How about Varsity drive and he's fancy Michigan? But I've a little, uh, we'll leave you to you, stand to the phone. Varsity in, you're driving. Huh? I've talked about that. Yes. They used to deliver to the dorms, pizza and footlongs and footlongs and pizzas and cherry coax, real cherry coax. Hmm. How come I want cherry coax? I'll have to know. It'll be a good way to wash down a chocolate. I had this morning on the cupcake. That's nice. Real, you know, the real sweet cherry coax with the cherry syrup is like, still swore I can see. Oh, I'm talking about. God, yeah. Yeah. We're so sick, mingly sweet. They could just about go to a diabetic coma just from the first sip. Oh, thanks. I think I'm starting to get my brain back. It's, it's swimming a little bit. I should have brought my thing in this morning. I'm sure my blood sugar went on here. Oh, it's 900. To sir would love on 79th street. Did we get that? To sir would love. I heard it was a looloo of a place. Bill and Ted. You have him. Bill and Ted's. I heard it was excellent. But a real adventure making these things up when I have no idea. I don't either. So let's put them down. Okay. If they get a few, look, worst comes to worst. They can get no votes. There's a lot of damn good places today. So far, if you could see how many places have no votes, you'd be a crap. Nick and Arthur's no votes, Toby's cafeteria no votes, Chris Gizno votes if we spelled it by my, Rocky Gratzian is has no votes. You know something, I'm ready to have a revolution over them. So pissed off. That was a good place. Okay. I take my word for it. It's been long gone. 135th in Biscayne Boulevard. And then I think it became a C-Shanty or some place like that. Rocky Gratzianis was excellent. Eight there many many a time. But you punk's out there. What do you know, okay? What tell do they know? Santa Crochi restaurant in Croll Gables. Santa Crochi. How about you in Crochi? Got it down. Santa Crochi. C-R-O-C-E. As in Crochi. Morties in North Miami. Morties. Net lows bar and South Miami. Okay. There you go, Don. And the car was right in that one of the refills. I'm going to throw in Net lows. We put that on the NETLOW and you a positive FES. Net lows. Get it right. It's not just barely 11 o'clock already. And I'm ready to pass out from this. I could use it that. You could use an app. How about me now? Well, you could use a spoon. I know I could use like one of those gigantic pillows. Mortals, life size pillows. Just a pass out on the corner here. For a couple of hours to get my blood sugar down under 7,800. You'd drill a lot when you were in a diabetic. I'm not drooling. Okay. I'm not there. Oh yeah, I am, girl. Look at that. Here's sunrise, hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir. Hey, it's a sneaky piece. You see a cross from Gulf Stream. I think we did that. Then we do that sneaky piece here. We done it. How about going to Georgia? I mean, I write about across from Gulf Stream. That place has been about 10,000 different joints. You have been all kind of restaurant. Yeah. Lady butterfly, Chinese restaurant. Oh, sir. You hit the jackpot. Lady butterfly was sensational. Jackie Glucy is coming in. I want to mock with his entourage. That was a people. That was where my favorite restaurants in the history of this town. Thank you so much. All right. Have a great day. Got it. Lady butterfly. Oh, did you ever eat there? I don't know when to have that place disappear. Where? Lady butterfly was like in South AIDS somewhere. I don't know. Oh, man. Was that good or was that good? If it was good enough for Jackie Glucy and all fat kneel. You must have been pretty damn good. Man was that good. Haven't heard that name in a long time. Okay. Since before, uh, your ski was a baby. Pomp and a park is open for live harness racing tonight and four nights a week. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Ryan seers is on fire. Bruce Ranger, those try to catch up because Bruce Ego's getting a little wounded there. First, post time, 715 p.m. Pre-general parking, pre-clob house and grandstand ad mission every afternoon evening. And of course, if it's Monday like tonight, there must be some Monday man that's going on. And there is. Every Monday like tonight, Pomp and a offer is two for twenty five-dollar full course dinner specials at their lavish top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor. Then reclude salad, choice of untrace specials potato veggie dessert and iced tea. And tonight Monday, January, 20 is Martin Luther King night. There'll be a special race in his honor featuring only African American drivers. Plus there'll be a special memorial race honoring former Pawddo Park driving champion. Lou Williams who is the greatest black traded driver to sport harness racing. Lou Williams, he was sensational. Remember Lou Williams, George? Oh, with those dark those blue silks, he was great. I'm not coming up for an evening or great horse racing action. We're home away from the rail to sub to private box seat on the four floor. Or enjoy a Ben and Jerry's hot bud sunny or four or five of them. Or slice the rest of his pizza. And every Wednesday at Pomp and a park is dollar night. You can get yourself a draft beer hot dog soda, large pretzel or popcorn for just a bucket piece. There's also a great audience. You can eat buffet on the four four players line for just ten ninety five per person every racing night. Pomp and a park as always offers complete the full crowd sound locesting every day. Seven days we start a new featuring highlight harness dirt by racing action from all over North American. Including woodbine and mohawk up there with the best drivers in the world like Randy Wapels, Chris Christoff, Roo Tony, Curlwood, my staff, and all the others. Pomp and a park on Powerline, Road of Blacks, Southern Atlantic Boulevard. Don't forget live racing, seven fifteen PM tonight. I'm in love with you. This is sports when you're facing you. You way up. Fudge packer? I'm Mr. Blender Bass. Yes, if you're not busy, I'd like to talk to you about a race. Get out of my office, you're a pregnant pig. Yes, or yes, or right away? Are you a chicken, a milk toast, a gutless whim? Get a bold new image with mean cuisine dinners from slaughterhouse kitchens. What's the dinner, Alice? New mean cuisine's chicken with guts and fog wire pie for dessert. That I was put some air on your sorry chest. Yes, yes, yes. Try all our mean cuisine favorites black and blue fish. Crushed goat bladder a new tagen, cahony stew. Just listen to this former whim, but satisfied customer. And chow and down at that mean cuisine. Love that battered turkey with mountain ice. It's good. It's good. Now I got the stones to kick, clenters, mesrable back. And try our new cream to squash and tortured clams. Mean cuisine. Okay, just take one of these or crank fashes off here. If you find it so boring, I'll go get a life. Okay, go play par cheesy with yourself. Par ham's is spelled wrong on your list is Doris Par ham from Par ham's restaurant. And I'm looking on their par ham says one vote. I can't imagine you voted Doris. Anyway spelled it right. We have PHAR something. Ah, here we go. Here comes the lunatic again on a rampage. You got PHA, I'm a Eric. Got it spelled wrong. PHAR, HAM. Okay, he's got PHA. You did it. You did it. Curls. Leris, all American restaurant was in homestead on US one vote at best. Diamond, new times 1998. Leris, all American restaurant got it. Good. Ah. 560, pound, just relax. Okay, just eddies. I'm just stuff and a thing over there. Burger giant. I'm Howard Boulevard. Burger giant, remember that? No, I don't either. But you can write them down right down whatever you feel like it. Do we, Zodikini, can't fish? Car Circles? What? I know, do we? Yeah, they were all right. Well, congratulations. Like Geogenifer says, get a life. Car Circles, Cyprus Plaza and Pampa. What is Cyprus Plaza? What is that? Brother's three, Brother's three. Oh, now wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. What was the pizza joint on 441 like in Lauderdale? Brother's sister. Yeah, there was a brothers. Brother's two was that what the name was? Somebody will let us know. That's long gone. That was an excellent place. You know what I'm talking about? I thought we were talking about. 441 between like, uh, Broward and, uh, sunrise. Brothers two or something like that. That was a damn good place. Kings. Kings what? Queens. Spaghetti factory. That wasn't it the old spaghetti factory? Don't know. See, if you people are going to send us these lists because there's only 7,250,000 Ministers here. And at least try to get the names right. Okay, or Doris is going to be pretty pissed off and fired up since he voted for own place. Thank you Doris. Crackers and mommy lakes. And that's about what I'm going to. Here's a call from West Palm Beach, huh? Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? I got no restaurants for you. What I got is some information. I just heard on another radio station by, uh, Zeta. Cash or Nova? Yeah. He was that. He just said that it amazed me. He said this. But he was talking about your reading class because you were going over the QAM ratings. Yeah. And how the show is at low ratings? Well, he said that first of all, people, people should know when it's passed their time and when they should get off the air, referring, and he specifically said, your name. Yeah. How come we had higher numbers than he had? Check this out. Yeah. What blew me away. He said, and make sure you don't call him. He's not your Pimp. I couldn't believe it. What does that mean? I guess he's referring to, uh, if the station was to go under and you were looking for a job, don't call him this no- Oh, that's what this is. This is supposed to be his payback for my say. Well, you know something. That's what happens to you, Paul, when you keep sucking around here, looking for a job. Oh, this is no account. I can't believe that. Well, don't go it again. Do listen to that crap again. Okay. Now I understand in the beginning, I didn't understand what he was talking about. He's turning it around. He's trying to turn it around. Listen, let me tell you again. Okay. I don't make stories up like some people. I know who claimed that they ran into me at the saw. Resmills mall in a moment of maybe too much jungle juice or something. Too many acid trips. But the fact of the matter is that here's a guy that was calling PD Lennie disparate. Huffering over poor mold there in a morning. Huffering over him like a like a falcher because maybe his contract to cheat channel. Maybe, uh, experiencing something like that already has trying to get the morning show. But he's out of no how many times at least twice. And I think probably more than that. That he's been sucking around to come over here. We don't want you on WQAM. Okay, Paul under any circumstances. That's been made very perfectly clear to me. I've people in much higher positions of authority than yours, truly. So you know, make up. You try to turn around all you want. In addition to which if we're so over to hell, how come were the only number one show on his station and our number is so much bigger than yours, huh? Mine's bigger than yours, Paul. Okay. And the ratings too. Loser. In addition to which, how come we're not using his material and it's the other way around. And he's even the summer steel material from George. How do you like that? Talk about reaching in all time low. I already was just spent about half of the summer talking about white water nails. As he couldn't even get it right. Couldn't even get it eating ass. Get it right if you're going to steal it. Shmuck. Brother. In addition to which, oh, that's right. He probably would like me to retire that he can try to go from a days over here too. He'd like us all the retire. Maybe then this out of this brace name I put him on. I still doubt it. We'd put Ron Hershey highway back on here before we put him on his station. Wow. And at least that show had a number there last year. Go this time. Had a big number. Just out of comedy really, I guess. There was Carolyn and guilty around Hershey highway. And anybody else who was running them down down the hall. They could get in there. So forget the start of the show. Default. Now I'm talking about after default. Don't be taken on default. Okay. Now it's going to be a little bit more. So we're not putting it in the hole. He'll throw that ankle bracelet right at you if you don't watch him. We're from at the hockey game. He was over there somewhere. Tropical roller rinks. Paul Castor and over. Oh my god. It's enough to make you weak at the knees. Hey, he's not your pin. What does that mean? Remember because you were saying hey, I'm not your pin. Yeah. We were responding to pizza things. Yeah. I say that about you. I say get it. What the hell do I have to do with him? I'm not looking for a job over there. Although I will say this when I was on and say that in the morning. Mr. Hiveshot. I sure had a lot bigger numbers than you got. Much bigger. gigantic number one in demographics that have been invented yet. Like miniature Chinese people were number one. That's right. Is there any other kind? No. You craniumed midgets. We were number one. Oh, but he talks to big game in again. It's all because you keep talking about him all the time. Paul and young Ron. Every time I turn around you're always saying what's wrong with young Ron? Let's see. Rochester's hot dogs is closed around the neck. George there's the bad news. Isn't it? Oh, that place. I guess I can throw those menus out. That's bad man. Why are you dancing on their grave? They were so nice to us. They didn't want them to be. Even when we didn't want them to be. Remember that day that we don't show up all the white house. And then somebody comes in there. Oh, there's a whole bunch of white houses. Oh, you know, that'll teach them, I guess. This, I bet you there's 50 million businesses on this list. Thanks very much by the way, sir, for that's fire report. Because I'll tell you one thing if there's anybody I would. I'd rather have the on Sanders be my pink. At least he's got money. And the suits and the yellow can't last to go along with it. I guarantee you that. Paul and yellow are like. Oh, good. God. Ten minutes after 11 and five, 60 WQM, how days are over. The new year is here in time to lose some weight. Don't follow my example. Listen and shoveling chocolate and brownies and stuff down your throat. What was the other one? I'll cupcakes. Get off your lazy ass and call a balance for life and start losing weight the real way. And we're going to save the beast life. This is our one last try. You do understand that. Don't you? This is it for him. This is your last reprieve. Okay. I'm not going to be your diet temp anymore. Okay. Beast man. This is the end of that. We got the black sack coming back again. And if you're one of those fat people out there, which there are millions and millions most of us fat disgusting. And that's just look real bad and really poorly like a beast slump, but also very bad for your health. Balance for life answers all your problems because even the dumbest of the dumb don't have to worry about counting calories or counting carbohydrates or any of the other stuff. Because there's no cooking or shopping, no cleaning or worries, no counting. Just great results. And you're a little black sack every day. There's plenty of food to keep you full all day long. And it's all fresh and delicious. Great stuff. Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks delivered right to your doorstep and work at home where we want by six a.m. every day. How can you beat it? It's all based on the principles of the zone diet by Dr. Berry Sears, which is a very complex and difficult diet to follow, but that's the best part of it is because you don't have to follow anything. They do all the work for you. And then cook up fantastic fresh delicious meals. They let you choose between two choices for each meal every day that's run a program. So do like the beast. Now the beast lost about 60 pounds. He gained back 15 when he went off the sack and now we got him back on the sack. So the choice is his. He can either follow the program where he can be a sack for the rest of his life. A big fact ugly on healthy sack. Call today and check out Balance for Life because this could be the answer to you and your fat problems. Call 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29. That's 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 or visit their website if you like it. Balance for Life.com. My life in local here sports radio 5 60 2 a.m. Eat that gator me. I'm Martha Stewart and this is Martha Stewart living. It is important for all of us not to take for granted our US citizenship. Today I'd like to suggest to use some of my tips for becoming an active involved citizen. When you want something from a government official it is considered customary to bribe local officials with $500. State officials with $1,000 to $10,000 and federal officials with $50,000 and above. If you live in Vermont you may want to think about not writing in the names Ben and Jerry on election ballots. It's been done a million times and is not really funny. A good way to learn about your local communities zoning laws is to open a sex shop on your front lawn. This has been your minute with Martha. Join me every day for tips on how to improve your home and surroundings on Martha Stewart living. We hope not. Let us 16 at 5 60 wqm cases can people with aol vote on the podium? I've done it. Sure one per neighborhood. Yeah one per neighborhood. So in other words what's going to happen if you live in an aol area where you can't get on because everybody else is going to have a good time. Let's see if you can get a real web service. Here's cases can people with aol vote and if not I want to cast for the umbrella. And where the hell did he go again now? He had an emergency. He had an emergency like that kind. What is wrong with the two of you this morning? It's not even 11 30 in between the two of you. You've crap more than some neighborhood in town. He has to troubleshoot a client's computer. He's going to be leaving. But he's going to stay and take care of it over the phone. I got it. I got the at saying as long as you talk slow. Young brother with a why? Why you win? Yeah but you write so guy damn slow. It's going to be noon before we get done here. I also miss traffic here drive and then swap me. They used to be located bird road in Palmetre with express voices. Casey thanks Casey. We got it. You got it? That was earlier. Good. Here's another one. I'll list you of 600 different ones. Tropical roler rings. I think we got that already. Old plantation barbecue. Don't have that. Why do I? This isn't the question whether George heard of it or not. Get it down. Okay. You're just making excuses. You have to write it down. Why he's doing his emergency. Goodness. Yogey bears honey fried chicken. Barnabes pizza cut in squares. Remember Barnabes pizza? No. Neither do I. Poly Davis cafeteria. I remember that. Where now was that? Was that on biscuit in about 150 something? Poly Davis cafeteria. 100 and something. There was nobody alive. They're one of the age of 400. Follies international strip club. You ought to know that. Big phanny. Anyhow. You used to do her thing there. Follies international strip club got it. Yep. The treasury department store. Did we do the treasury? I already see you aren't going to know. But he'll know because he wrote these down. Right. I'm not going to know. J.B. I want to get back. He can the critique it. J.B. Hunter department store never heard of it. Palm spring lanes bowling alley. Dipper Dan. The sport rooms and put put. Oh, God. It's enough to make you just want to pass out. That would be a good day to unplug that vaccine scene. Yeah. Sure. How about Andy Town? It says. How about Andy Town? It's a place. Where the hell was Andy Town? Remember that? No. Two days of tagging restaurant on Luzune and US-1. Two days. To you, D.R. To you. To you, T.T.I.A.Postophias. They got a definitely spelled wrong here. Okay. To you, like everything. Everyone. All of it. All of it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. How's the one from motorway? Now, see this is definitely bogus. And they just won't stop. They won't stop. Potsky and Robert are pool. There isn't a Chinaman's chance in hell. The cock and bull is legit in the number one. I think it's going to get zapped. You guys may not have to be wrong. What's your favorite stopload of business that's no longer around cock and bull 57, of which about 40 at least are bogus? Sunrise musical theater 40s 70s dinner lines 44, Bullomat 43, which is also very dubious. Hollywood sport at home 28, Uno's Pizza 25, The Dollhouse 20, Penrod's 19, Area Co-305 and Crendan Park Zoo 15 apiece, Gracie's restaurant 14, etc. Even dub says 14. What's wrong with a place where they have you in the nice little glass? You put your teeth in there. And if you were to like more than $3 worth of food, they'd give you like little polo and to put in there. Huh? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What did somebody have as an mention? Unless they sell them down there. I'm 10 years younger than you, but I remember a lot. How about Cheches, Were they down there? Cheches? Yeah, they were Mexican like gong Pablo's a nationwide thing. That's me. I know they were in Tampa, and they were here. In Orlando, we have a don't a sue many things. Okay, we still have crystal here, either. Oh! And well, what do you say, bro? You still have one of those? I missed them. I bet you got harries up there. Well, we sure don't and you know too. Yeah, we haven't we haven't got crap But I remember J.M. Fields from laughs. We put some guy called do they have Miller's department store down there? No No, that was back in the 60s. That was why Oh, you just inspired me you gave me a great idea next week what we'll do is we'll do names of stores Small amount of rest of the country that never were here, but we wish that they were we talking about Crefki you know what they later became right came on. Yes, sir. How about war Beats me how about Wolco Remember Wolco no they were the public sort of and southeast bank So these bank is gone yeah, they became for tuning my money. Everything became something else. Okay. Thanks a lot You're killing me. Let's see how about these airlines air Florida. Oh air Florida. We sure almost done, do we? Don't remember them But they like that crazy clown No, it was the one that was the crazy clown across in the ever-ways. That was a old value, Jen They have but they became something else air Florida people are spresh and national airline well National Airlines went chapter some of it. They're not completely gone yet Okay, now here's the one out. Why wasn't even close aren't you always embarrassed when you come out? You think you have the name for something and you're not even close. Yeah, that really did not say brother something implantation I think three guys from Italy It was just put down three guys three guys pizza That was on well says plantation I guess that's like between plantation and lot of there was one at like at least if it's the one I'm thinking about between 441 Broward and sunrise Then it says here University drive in back of McDonald's near the whole food market. That's a different one. Oh God Everybody's out of business. How now are we still here? You know it and like cast an oba says it's time to say bye bye I didn't know he was leaving. What's his last show I might tune in 567 560 pound five 60 on the AT and T in Verizon wireless lunch That's a pretty lame comeback Paul which we'd expect from you why did you have fess up? Why did you admit even? It would be bad for business and for your future career and pay chance to admit that you were sucking around heavy duty for a job over here And then you put that little poor pity landing up to being your pimped coming to make call me in Toronto Oh gee, you know what do you think about it? We've been about you know, I don't play that game, okay No matter how I'm sure certain other people may be around here no matter what their names are I don't play that game. We do 10 or 9 whatever it is now 9 to 1. That's it period Trying to get me and pulling a jewelry Reynolds there trying to get me to go to management here Oh gee, wouldn't it be great to have cast your no bond anymore? How does he fit on his radio station? How does he fit in here with a shoe hoard? Who would have you kidn't huh? Well that's stare like the yours Even y'all rods getting pretty disgusted with it. Here's temper pine. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got a couple for you go ahead Had it had it been there done that What is it? That one too. Thank you. There's a couple of we had on list is he like gone now and did he just leave? He'll be back. He's on the phone. He's on a phone with whom? A client You don't think he actually pays rent with the money he makes here part time to you He had an appointment today. He's bailing out of it. That's what he's doing so that he can stay and finish this He didn't think we were gonna be doing this today. Don't ask me why What do you mean by that? He didn't think we were going to be doing this? So in other words, he's gonna be here when he feels like it kind of No, he just this is the holiday and he didn't think we were gonna be doing this thing Well, what oh my god remember pudgies fried chicken next to a public and clear over their pudgies No, but put that down I guess pudgy while possibly as pudgies fried chicken next to publics on Navhalla, Cleary says the best Well, there was ice cream over there was very good too. Wasn't the best what was damn good? I think white mountain cream where he had a vote on here last time I checked which was my white mountain ice cream We have a list to ask because nobody remember the name And that's pretty embarrassing that it only had one vote. Yeah, and I've got two now white mountain ice cream For the life of me. I just can't figure it out. Maybe some I've tried been to that I'm not gonna do it again I wish the time why it is that ice cream places I'll I've all the places in a world I can understand it last go I can understand the North Pole I can understand like in Maine in the North I'm in a soda Well, ice cream joints have a hard time standing in business because it's a hundred below zero most of the year and those joints But down here where it's like most of the year about 80% of the year. It's a hundred of these plus the humidity isn't up to make you pass out and ice cream places here drop like flies Why do you think that is? You think it's because more and more people like buying Ben and Jerry's you think that could be it China in Pagrock Pines China China China in the Pines Never heard of it. Robby's in beddies blue sky and I never heard of any of these If nobody ever heard of him forget about how do you ideal come on how do you drug deal come out there Carlos? All right, I already got some Now, how do we do with my my Gordon's? How are you hand that and when I look on here? I see some of the ones that have no votes and I realize Carlos screwed up and Eric and me By putting all these in one list, but my god What a list to see the ones that have no votes? like I Don't see any of them have no votes. It's a big deal Now, when my john's ice cream wasn't that the one that was j a hns I've had several people say that and I told him how to spell it and I was got a j o hns come on Eric when you get with it and put there I did the damn hot punch Sunday I hate it when he gets his hot fudge all over the game computer and a guy named keyboard like that you can almost smell it J a hns ice cream jans. There's that something different. I don't know I'll tell you one thing of all the pools we ever done. I think these could be the most ambitious and most of notches The round table has no votes the toast still has no votes. Would somebody please vote for the toast please? It'll make me feel so much better I realize that's quite some time ago. Okay, and a lot of us all thoughts remember those good old days. They had great food man and they had great onion soup Of all these restaurants are keeping it back to that great onion soup. You know with the real just melt melted oozing cheese. That's good But it's that's one of the best things that burns take house to Western peace The onion soup with the oozing melted cheese 27 past 11 at five I'm 60 WKOM Let me tell you right now about the lights for you people are getting a sick and tired of us talking about all this food and you're getting hungry and you still want to lose the weight Here's a store where beside just the usual meat and cheese and cheese and meat you can get some different things for your Actions and low carb diets because the entire store is dedicated to you. They've got over 600 the delicious low carb food parts to put a little novelty in your weight losing efforts this week try their new in chairman low carb cookies. They come in six delicious flavors And they're only one or two carbs for cookie. You'll be in snack heaven. Pee de la de by the way says that podcast You're no visit asshole So whether it's carb online ice cream breads tips muffins cheesecakes, pasta and sauces the lights of us Focus the place you're gonna love shopping you can sample before you buy they have a staff that knows their crap in son and out They're open every day seven days a week 10 to 10 and they carry the most complete line of atkins brand products They're always 25% off all day every day But now you've heard of reports where the studies that you had that atkins really works for a lot of people So head for the number one low carb sugar reach there in the world the lights of us You'll find them on the northeast corner blades in 441 right next to Boston market or call them tool free 1 877 low carb or on a web low carb dot com don't forget this is an entire store devoted to you and your weight loss needs The lights of us bokeh your official adkins retail center Get and stick it what's the matter pal? Prozac not working Lithium just doesn't seem to do it for you anymore Are you unable to cope then you need to talk to your doctor about new Fug it all it laws coming for the holidays Fug it all Was riding you again? Fug it all wife being a pain in the ass Fug it all Fug it all has been prescribed in Europe for years and thanks to a loophole in FDA regulations is now available in the good old US of a Patients using fug it all should be aware of the following side effects oily discharge Sponsor any sairloss genitals shrinking hysterical blindness kidney stones unsightly male fungus recalbleeding and worms So when the pressures of everyday life get you down I need this on my desk my stomach I'm just came back positive. I'm pregnant Just reach for that little blue bottle and say Fug it all watch your worms my heart to watch the way to George is teaching Carlos the ropes And here to show them how to put the new encarter genital point pen key broke I'm very important and I was lending him my key extractor my broken key extractor is key broke Let's see his cell phone broke which is why we can't reach him on a cell phone now his key broke which is why he won't be able to get into Wherever now he's going and generally speaking he's just broke. Well, we know that Well, I'm listening to work here One thing we also got a salute George for which we can't say a lot but being on the sour and putting up with a crab because you know what happens during the summer that's happening today What only in the summer happens every day the pucks they're out of school. Yeah, so now we've got the cock and bull in a bull Amount which the punks were busy with the week and when he discovered that the pole was up and nobody else knew about it And they're just they're just they're just didler-wander computers again We're so this is a very serious neurosis in America man is computer punks We need to have a computer punk jail Where we round them up and we do the ultimate penalty and that is not allow them anywhere near a computer like in Gitmo They can stay one of those cages out in the sun did you say Gitmo for your money Cock and bull 61 bogus bullama 52 we're gonna throw those two right out Some rise musical theater 48 what's your favorite South Florida business that's no longer around don't worry now You people are getting like feel it's ponderous. We're not gonna do this more than another one two three months I mean it'd be a lot more productive to talk about the fact that Ali on's daddy's now a big politician in Cuba And got elected without any opposition which is the easiest way to do it And that very elephant won't resign and everybody's saying oh you better not let them make her resign or else we'll show you what for But what's the point what are we gonna? We've got to change anything here first that absolutely not We consider talking about punk has to know if it's still a little storm a tear from other shows. Are we gonna do that? Sure sunrise musical theater 48 he's dinner on 45 Hollywood's fortatory in 29 and by the way you're still not getting no job here Paul Uno's pizza 25 the doll house 24 Penn rods 19 Crandon Park zoo 16 a recoat fuel 515 races rest around 14 which I still I know that and what that is Let you remember somebody called about that don't you remember what graces was No, I can't imagine why we only had what 45 thousand different places called in Thursday and Friday You better stop in a little bit more attention. What? Where am I? Miami Hollywood speedway 14 Hollywood fashion all 13 our doughnuts that was the topless donut joint head 12 18 ever club 12 can he Rogers chicken 12 agora borrower ball ball room and some res on a beat you had each had a dozen And the K-pop tree in head 10 who song in Larry's nine art stocks play pen nine Was only had eight Was only had eight Whew Man So now they're frost your ass, isn't it? Oh here you go the bakery center a sunset red road get that down the bakery center you remember that sure that was supposed to be a big deal right wasn't I love all these new things that come along. Oh, this is gonna be like the army. You know that was gonna be a big deal And then all the drug money dried up Soft lord a business list Pumper next we got love as see why do you people do this we got all of those these them Neighbors did we have neighbors on there? Don't recall Jim Do you have neighbors on there? I don't think we have neighbors if EIGH got neighbors neighbors was kind of like the ranch house One of those kind of like yeah kind of a joint and you know what else doesn't have any votes? Whichever was the 75 thousand from Friday that I have no votes yet copper penny copper penny was good You don't think I don't remember Like I already ate the copper penny. You know something I bet you did you just don't invite up as a child copper penny was good I can't stand this this has got all the same stuff we already got on there. I can't believe it It just wears me out when it out. I feel like I'm worn out From you people I just you're not paying attention. It's fortunately writing these down to making your own list Keep it up with it. No seriously if they want to participate at least give us a half a chance Something new something different not the same old crap that we already got on here. Look at this the top Let's don't I chop I just got through saying it What is wrong with this town man? It's fail. Hey, how about that? Can't you smell it? Don't it's tough our donuts Let's see here's one long gun. How about Raymond steakhouse the best day since hash brown potatoes in the world I remember Raymond's remember Raymond's though Raymond's steakhouse North Miami Beach This game will market that down it's R.A. Y. M. Wendy apostrophe S. Raymond's steakhouse. I'm spelling it So you didn't think you were gonna be here today is that Mr. Hotshot you had an appointment with what oh He thought he was gonna leave you had a drug deal gone You thought you were gonna leave it 11 the show goes till one Now let me ask you are you getting paid for these hours or not? Oh you are getting paid for these hours But he thought he was gonna leave it 11 Fuck yes, what I'll see yeah. I'm leaving now. How do you like that? Oh wait, I got a whole new deal. Yeah George and I are both leaving We got a whole new deal. We're just we're getting paid for the whole four hours, but you know if the mood strikes us We got something better to do like you know drive up and down here Hershey highway. We're gone We're out of here. He's hourly. So if he loves it 11 that's when it would stop Brother how can anybody in your position afford to be right enough to big hours in a buck 75 an hour You must have some real big deal going on the outside that we don't know about Carlos like I don't know about it. Yeah Cuz you don't want you couldn't in on the action 5605050 just enough to wet my beak. You know, oh you want a piece a piece for the That was it that was a great scene where they're on the roof in in Havana Well, that is great. Oh yeah I'm in Roth. Who bet he didn't push him over the edge That was a bad acting job if I say so myself what that was his name that had the ugly Strasbourg. Yeah, see how quick I am today hot and in the and they tape they film that scene in hell and Dale Which a lot of people think that my Ralanski lived on the beach which he didn't his later days walking his dog and Collins Ever oh and also Where'd how was our reading it? Our basement candidate in that column by Fred Grimm We're talking about the playboard club that we lost in the 80s and he says there was the first one outside Chicago when he talks about the one on biscuit bullvard Let me say it again like we discussed here on Friday Fred Grimm the first playboard club was over there on a Collins Avenue one of those big Condo joints and then they moved to 24 to biscuit and whatever that was What was it about idiot? What ever it was 70? So get it right okay Fred if you're gonna write a bunch of stuff in the paper don't be acting like very jackass You already got one clown in your newspaper put something into that might be correct The first playboard club was over in the beach back in the days when Jackie Gleason was doing a show on mommy beach Remember those days no, no, I do I do that's when this place was like a live man when we had living and breathing people except isn't it is not ironic The greatest irony of this town is that's a living and breathing people today are all on south beach At least in the day county where it used to be nothing but they old dead people Now we've reversed it now we've reversed it the living and breathing our down around south beach and all the rest of the town is dead We turned it completely around so we've taken about 10 blocks We put the people are alive down around south beach and now the whole rest of the town is like oh exactly like that I say we go back to the old days is what I say Take all those people put them down there in the ACLFs and other in their little walking chairs during a columns I'm gonna walk in their dog my last thing we bring back to walk is dual. He was a wonderful man The hotels here are you know that kind of stuff and then the rest of the town we can bring back spring break Bring back some living and breathing people and get all these old farts and set up to like Delaware somewhere anywhere Son of up to Massachusetts someplace like that Get them now hell out of here All these old blue hairs is miserable nasty hateful rotten horrible driving idiots a torment Texas Yeah, it's nice and more now. It's not it is not warm and take you see the temperature there were like 25 and Houston this weekend I thought there were always hot and you have any idea how cold it is in Toronto and like upstate New York right now I got a clue yeah like below zero Fahrenheit brutal high school in the oh good timing 19 till noon at 5.60 WC if your carpets look and smell like crap here's the answer for you start out the new year by doing yourself a big favor and having your carpets Made just like brand it was like somebody comes into your home and weighs a magic wand But actually how it works is our friends from dry concepts come in and they use their exclusive patented dry cleaning method To suck off the deepest dirt your carpets weigh down to fibers that you can't see hopefully with an achid eye But man when they leave your carpets look and feel like brand new they smell and then he first they're trying a couple of hours And you'll say this is like a miracle right on my floor So instead of spending a force and replace your carpeting with expensive brand new just have your old carpets look and smell and feel just like brand new with dry concepts I've been using them in my house for about 150 years and everybody else I know where the brain uses dry concepts to all of my relatives which gives you a hell of an idea Even the rumors use dry concepts. I like that even pay for it George or you may's their what and Of course as far as the prices concern they give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job So when they get finished there's no bad surprises no rip off No add-ons just a big smile on your push with a stupidist job every time and they also don't be able to Job a clean your our upholsterion leather furniture and all the other good stuff too If you have a problem with pet orders and milledow orders, they'll take care of it for you So if you want the best job in the world of the guaranteed fair price every time call these folks because they'll do a stupidist job for you Dry concepts call them tool fee from any place at 1-800-2-4-8507-1 or just long out of their website at dryconcepts.com That's 1-800-2-4-8507-1 clean today entertain tonight not just their slogan. It's their business add dry concepts Hang this up baby Apartment Have to party Pentep I'm holding breath, because somebody at this party thought it. I'm holding breath, because somebody at this party thought it. Party, open version said it up to the sleeve. We timed it so the music had to drum on the beat. Everyone around me here is wearing a grin. Things did it's real funny when someone's breaking in. I guess just people are just dead. I just described it and this melody, just so I was bringing tears in my eyes. And I'm holding breath, because somebody at this party thought it. I'm holding breath, because somebody at this party thought it. And holding breath, because somebody at this party thought it. Oh man, if we got a situation going on here, it's the way she's going on here today or what? Heavy duty. I think it's best just to leave it that way. We got George running around trying to break in an engineering for a reason that we don't want to discuss on here, just because there's a little door emergency there. And then we got the fax machine just jammed. And our Carlos is sitting in there. So what are we going to do? You're going to be able to write and sit there with that thing on at the same time? Yeah, I'm not blond. And George is getting back on you blond. So I just jammed up the fax machine. I just yanked the paper out of there, but it's still like jammed up. I don't think on these holidays where we're going to work again. I think this is the last day on the stair, never again. Woohoo! Did you get in there? Yeah. Hey, if anybody in the audience wants a place broken into, just so you know that was two locks, the regular door lock and then the dead door lock. Anybody else who got any bagels to be accompanied by a locks, George can pick him. And I'm grinning. Let me see if I can do this again. Okay. Now that you're back. I think they should work now. Okay. Let's see what's going to work. The Ludway Bar, Ludlomeran, a crowway in Miami, remember that? No. No. Now is anybody going to write these down? I'm going to write how did he go? I think it's a door open. Now he's got to go in there and do whatever it was in the window. Oh no! It's called doing yourself radio boys and girls. I think we ought to just sign on. If we were to here, let's play the national anthem and sign off. The Ludway Bar and Lester's Bar not to be confused with Lester's Dinda that you were so a necotauria above before. Lester's Bar federal highway in Fort Lododale. South of Sears town across from the War Memorial. Let me ask you, is Freddie's anchor bars still open? I bet it is in Fort Lododale on Stibod 84. I mean Stibod 84 and the A1A run a corner. Never heard of it. You never heard of Freddie's anchor bar? Well that's right. I forgot you're stuck there in Hollywood. The painted horse, 69 cents for all the icy. I thought he said that before. I thought it said for all the kids you can eat. It says 69 cents for kids all you can eat. And 99 cents for no painted horse we already did. It's come up. I don't know if we actually wrote it down on it. It said too many to count all our misdias old folks. Leslie, wow we're all old folks Leslie. And guess what? Neal fixed the fax machine. Yeah! What a great job. If you could see what I had in there like my phone. Because I tried to pull the paper out while one was like jamming through there. Ghosts to show it's real good experience by being up there in Toronto and have my own Do it yourself studio real good. Here's one from Bob and Cooper City who says I'm a long time listener in big fan. I was born and raised in Pittsburgh and always listened to KDK. Often you speak of the old time greatest baseball answer. Bob prints which you're absolutely correct. And occasionally you mentioned Ed and Wendy King. They're still dead by the way Bob. But I never heard you mentioned Reed's Court. I did it morning show some of the years from many years with Sila Riss. I'm here with him. Yes I am Bob and Cooper City and thank you so much. That's not the same Bob from Cooper City that we used to know. I love to went to whatever the school I was, Piper High. Oh man. This has been it. I don't give a crap how many people say this is boring and it's pondress. This has been quite a exercise you know. An exercise in brutality. Is today that day where you play all the bits it knew? No, but it probably should be. No look. I got everything under control now. We got all fixed. It's very sad though that this radio station just it's just a one day holiday here. It's not like Christmas where we went through like days and days and nobody be in here. And like everything's coming. I'm glued in this building to the explain what the issue is. It's kind of sort of yeah. If we don't fix this business we're locked in here. What do we write that? Everyone in the building we can't get out unless they unless we resolve this. What he's off doing right now. That's why I had to break in there. That's what you think. Did you have heard the old broken window? Yeah. Yeah. And you're one of one. I'll be out there. Doer by hook or by crobar. I'll be out there. Doer. Yeah. See this is typical of the beastly way man in this and this awful. In fact, how do you like that note in the elevator? Do you really believe that about the elevator inspection and about well the inspection is passed. But they ran out of permit and they would do whatever. In other words, they haven't paid them off yet. The inspector who they like that lost tag cardboard thing that you see on the back of people's car. Exactly. That our elevators in this building couldn't inspection pass inspection for 50 grand cash. Okay. Under the table. Yeah. Thrill ride. Record. Liquidators was record shack. I've had several about those record shack and it says yes. The original owner was a total prick. Record shack got it. Got it. And don't forget Spencer gift. Won't they like it every shopping mall that was a Spencer gift? They're gone. That's what it says here. I don't think that's. Oh, we don't believe you. Okay. And a garb all room. We already got more sense. That gone. Morrison's cafeteria's gone. Oh my god. Right at down. But I have a feeling that to be absolutely wrong. Anyone mentioned record shack yet. We're. Look at this. This guy's back again. Same thing. Same old stuff. Jesus Christ. Let's give us a chance. Okay. The best nightclub I ever went to was this game. Babies and coconut groves on the second floor across the movie. May for hotel. Used to have weekly pajama party nights. And the tickets were awesome. Longed way in 90s. On my 23rd birthday went to a pajama party. And a girl in the skimpy is little 90. She was curious as to the size of my feet. I have a size 16 shoe. Oh, she started talking about big hands. Big feet. And what goes along with it. And the rest of the facts miss it missing. But we can assume, you know. Big play like that. This game. Baby's got it. Got it. I mean your wife. Yes. Whatever you want. Okay. I eat. He says. And like these people know. And stop putting corkeys on here. Okay. Stop putting corkeys. They're still corkeys in. They're still corkeys in. They're still corkeys in. Roll the old farts are okay. What is raw with these people, huh? They keep insisting. Like this because it isn't. And be more like George. Get out a little bit. To attend block radius and Hollywood. What's he have. Get. Get a Chucky cheese. Look at his painted bag and we got Jackie. Jackie. Well, here's the good one, but I think they got the wrong name. Was it Crabbs? They're talking about it says there was a restaurant north of Oakland Park and Andrews a block called KIELBS. Kielbs, I think they're talking about Crabbs. Never Crabbs though. Am I right in a doubt? Which had good food 100-3 years ago. No, because they don't know what that is. Nards. And look at this, this must be somebody wounded. I feel sorry for all you people I went under here. Okay. Our deepest instance in serious apologies for trying to do business in this horseball town, but it happens in the best of us. Look what's happening to Paul in young Ron. Nards. 6. 56 north and we have it before Lord L. Stoppin and have two complimentary drinks. Maybe if you only gave one complimentary drink, it's still being business. But right now, NARDS, well, it must be because it's right here. Nards. Grand Prix race or Ramma is gone? No. No. So what are they talking about? They just changed the name. They just changed the name. They don't pick it. And musicians exchange? Am I right that though? If you want. Well, whatever you like, don't ask me. Don't ask me questions. Whatever you like. Okay. Then not. Hahaha. Hahaha. There's a good judge. There's a choice between writing it down and not. He'll pick not. And I don't blame you. Pickly wiggly supermarket. It's not what's the story on that. Do we already do that? Well, they're not down here anymore. But they were. So right it down. I don't think we did that, did we? No. Chances, a restaurant in South Miami. What about Roy Rogers? Didn't we already do that? We did Kenny Rogers. I don't think we did Roy Rogers. And what about day 11? Is she small potatoes? What about Neorog? Yeah. Here at the time for him to hang it up is what I'm here. And Park his horse right out there in Davy on Davy Road Extension. Right by that old looms. Just do it gingerly. Roy Rogers, restaurants. Pickly wiggly supermarket. And Chances. Which AUNCE Y of Posterfias, Chances restaurant in South Miami. Oh, geez. Today's the last day we're doing this, by the way. Are we? Please. Please say yes. Yes. 5.670560. Here's a call from North Miami. Hello. Yes sir. A few in North Miami right grew up. The boulevard driving? Boulevard driving? Okay. Don't go too fast. Good George is right. And he's not. He's a very, very slow. It was exaggerated. We just think about 10 guys in the trunk just to get in there. How about you did? Also the gold triangle. Anybody say that? Yes we had that. Also the cast me out. What was that? It was the gauge one on sunny aisle. A gauge one? Well if we put all the gauge one said it coming. Go we can make a list of 6,000. It was in the 70s. Yeah. And the crazy horse. Got it. May I review. Uh huh. That's it. Okay. Do you remember that that fixed fat Buddha over by the crazy horse? You just sit out on the road just to fix that you. They moved it over to the Hollywood circle. Well you're you talking about the golden Buddha restaurant was right up to street there. Yeah, but that's the same Buddha they moved over to circle right. Well he gets around. Okay. Thanks. Maybe we'll find out where the cow went to from. Dan Douds. Now what was the other all how about Mary's. I talked about it. But how about Mary's restaurant in North. I used to know what love it was like about 150, 140 something. 145th and this game Boulevard. And I mean 441. Mary's. You've ever been talking about Mary's. Let's put Mary's Italian restaurant on there. Okay. But a lot of people love Mary's. And my trans sexual friend that used to work there. The waiter waitress. Whatever her name was with the Harry Armsville was wonderful. Remember she called in that one day? She was a trans sexual. Yes. She was a waitress in Mary's night. She was a woman in a drugstore somewhere. Mary's was great. They had fantastic pizza. Everything it was really good. But nothing stays the same boys and girls. In case you haven't noticed. Nothing stays the same. That's the Buddha's side. Since that I was talking about Buddha. Four minutes still known as 560 WQN. The mad dog at one. 560 local. 660 560. 380 yours. 280. But it needed well the one I have on WQN. 480. 480. 480. 480. 480. 480. 480. 480. 580. 580. 860. Pigs of mouthful curry of the source of gin more taste Pigs and pipes more gore not soak them size fuel Men and gage in a fecal a day I'm a crazy homophole Not that I mind it's but I'm way too old I bet the size about fear and death In a trist with fetal my man friend did it I'll just make up with ginner some day And then ask him to rape my bun Okay, I'll very know about again So I would not feel for more spools No! And I would not be ashamed About a ginner and more gay union Just hold him and stroke him away For a bit, can we hear that my kite? Just sound like a nine year old kid Aaaaaa! Only a macho men the guy You don't know this That makes me flip my wig If ginner was a lover of mine I'd bury my bull this mani know Inside is a blie-re-ren No I would not be a sport-boiled If I was not a closet of faith That's why your ginner and more gay union With thick knees, you're gimme a gay Everybody follow my thousand balls Yeah, just a mole gay union What's make my sorrow, pony ass kill state If we had engines or a mole, take gay union Then he wouldn't have to get me raped Talk about 3 to 5, 16, every QM happy birthday You'll even know you are a mole-aker Here's the fact that says the other swatted a way That as long as you're including for law-reneliankees You should include the Miami Orioles during the spring The Yvaltom Orioles And the spring training facility, Miami Stadium We already got Bobby Mitter or Stadium, right? That's good enough Also I forget the name but it was a workout center But I remember my me doll when I was born We got that, don't waste sport, we got it I know there was one, you must excuse me if I don't remember To us in the 30 year old Julio, I love you Neil Okay, Julio Godfather's pizza says you remember that we've been through that a million times Don't take it personal, you're ginner machine That's what it's saying here, you're ginner machine The dancing machines And also a tropical driving theater We did that, we did that Been there done that, Godfather's is still around there And with heasts and George's on like that If you discuss that on Friday, George's is not like these These linked together businesses like Duncan, Donuts and Basque and Robins And he's gas and got a lot of what you really like We like the free standing original, you know It ain't just a matter of location, the rules And the laws are different for gas station Contained restaurant What do you mean by that? The health code In other words, there's no limit on the amount of gas We're taking past I'll tell you what, I should have been there last few days Since I was expelling the remnants of my induced hemorrhides For mommy's last week, the good news is I'm not going there this week Anyway, that would be perfect since Flores is bringing us lost tomorrow How do you like that? There? Oh, that's right, right, we've got it Nothing I want to eat on your days in a row I've been eating a chocolate stuff and it was a cup case this morning You're gonna die I'm not, yeah why and so you and him And I'll arrest you too I'm the one, okay, I'm not doing that good to be honest with you I'm the one, okay Let's see, here's what it says I really don't like the tone of your show All right, maybe the one is the, maybe the places that are on your list All suck, that's why they're closed Oh, this is from that asshole Andy, or some Andy Yeah, this is, this is that idiot, okay Who wants him attention? You're not kidding, Eddie? He's just jealous of Greg Luskin's is on the, or Rich Pacty You know something Rich, we appreciate all your wonderful stuff Back when we did the music stuff, he was very helpful Remember on that? Yes, one day But Luskin's is on the list, why is well, so us, Rich, okay And by the way, Paul Harvey Jr. called which is why he's in the Sarmoot And we still don't like Paul Harvey Jr Listen the God, then Tony Bruno, my ass And you know when he started listening to Tony Bruno, let me give you a hint Yeah, that's when he started after that endorsement After that endorsement by our morning guy who sounded a little giddy And day, that morning Making a guest appearance on a, on a, and of course if he would have just checked the damn affiliates list And realized that they got a very weak signal And he only travels like two thirds of the way around the state Then he probably wouldn't have made that appearance What he, if he would Here's one, look at why I have to keep crossing these off Did we do the Osta H-A-S-T-A? Had great roast beef, Nixon hung out there Nixon should have been hungry, we did put it on there The Osta Walla, how good for you? The cockpit barn or the airport, did we do the cockpit? We did the cock and bull? We did the cockpit, boy Look at this list, see they won't stop the cock and bull The owner, the owner of the cock and bull restaurants in Worcester were two The guy's name was Saul, I don't know what the sun's name was The sun ran to Wana'a-Hia-Lia And the old man Saul saw, he was in Miami Now, if anybody can facts me that then you're really a hit to jackpot Somebody already got to build a share, or who's the singer? He used to be like a make-believe Elvis or real bad one I remember Craig Worthing doing those spots The Mcnificent cock and bull restaurants in Ohio The Mcnificent, you know, Craig, they were free The food was good, but it was not magnificent I don't know what said that in the copy, but it wasn't magnificent Mcnificent, you think it would like to belive you or something like that Ruth Chris, but cock and bull was not magnificent Craig But if somebody can facts me the names of the owners of the cock and bull restaurant That'll be quite an accomplishment, especially since they're going to get Bust off the list since these are mostly phony votes Cock and bull 64, it sounds like a cock and bull story to me Some rise musical theater 53, bullomat 52, it's another bogus We don't even know what the bullomat was, do you think? The weight besides like a bowling, yeah, Polish place Eastern Airlines 48, Hollywood sport, a toy, and 32 The doll house 25, Uno's pizza 25 Now, let me ask you, how come Uno's is doing so good? And if you look way down the list in these 50th, see I don't know how anybody could Vote on this thing Carlos because you've got 4,000 names on here In fact, just to check the number of votes we got, it takes 15 minutes Just to scroll to the bottom and see how many votes we got And there's about 686, we're moving up to a thousand But it's got to take people a half hour to vote on here because there's too many on the list Don't you think George? Yes, no Ronny Plass has got one Did anybody finally vote for my friend Toby for the toast? Let's see Uh, you think? And must have because it's not in a zero column anymore Look on here and see if you can find the toast Look on where Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha That's my point, that's exactly my point There's too many freaking ones, the depots got a pair Now what's the whole place? We vote for the toast Oh, three votes for the toast, thank you Toby, thanks you Mom, I'm sure is pushing up Daisy, thanks you too That was a very good place They had Valle parking and I remember I remember it well Four votes, I remember that Toby was kind of a pest but But it was a good place That was WOD days, I think Roy Ode And definitely W snooze Or something, I don't know They all blends in together, you know, when you're long passed over to hanging it up Hey listen, Casternov, let me tell you who wouldn't have been for Mitchersh, I'd be long gone, you could have this gig, you know, more power to you Okay, if I say Casternov or like what? Right after a dust week and show after penis talk, let's put Casternov in there Huh? I think that's a hell of an idea Well that's a year laugh and that show starts this weekend, other footballs just about over Duffling, ZNP and Pina's talk, that's why he's not here today, he's practicing for that show Well they could tie it into the station called, Joc-Toc Yeah Sally's restaurant across in the eighth county courthouse, we got Sally's Get it on there baby and it's spelled, I-ES I don't think so, I don't know, Sally that spell hobbyist says all the lawyers hung out They're waiting to revert, all lawyers who they were hung I guess Norm was never there Oh 10 minutes past noon at 5.60 WQ, I'll tell you one thing, I'm going to start doing that Talk that as a drug thing before the show meeting It is It's past, huh? It's 10 past noon, I feel like we just started about 45 minutes ago, don't you? And you're talking a little bit fast, which is good Am I really? Yeah, just give me a sec, I'll be spurting Do the helium today I do In fact, isn't it time for rush? Right now, you don't need to turn over to that station You get it right here, let's talk about how the Clintons are killing people right now 10 past noon at 5.60 WQ, let's get some real votes on At pole and stop at these cock and bull stories on their way, this cock Am I mean crap we got Here's something, it's not cock, am I mean that is this And that is if your back doesn't feel great, it's probably because you're not sleeping good at night And if you're not sleeping good at night, it's probably because you got a crappy mattress Maybe you should have a good one, but it's worn out lumpy and bumpy And it's time to replace it, how do you do that? Many ways to do it, you can go to a bedding room With apartments stores, get ripped off, shop around all day Waste a lot of gas and money And still not get what you want But if you want to get a perfect new mattress and unbeatable everyday low price That'll mattress other people to do it for it Call 1800, MATT, RIS They'll have you sleep at like a baby tonight And all year long and for years to come And we're not talking about some off-name brand We're talking about best mattresses in the university Sorta came out of Simmons and King Coral And every size and style of the sun When you talk to 1800, mattress when you call There, you'll be talking to somebody knows their stuff We'll hook you up an exact with the mattress you want It's in stock waiting for nearly immediate delivery You can even have it delivered the same day you call them if you're smart You get to choose the date in the time Dialometrist provides itself on their 99% on-time record Which is job is run raising out of a median Whether ranked number one for overall customer satisfaction Sooner or more I've done for years and years now What George recently did And even Miguel did as well, which is probably why he's not here today Called that on mattress and get you some of a great name brand mattress All you do is make the one easy call They do all the rest for you They come and deliver the new mattress take away the crappy old bedding And they set it up for you. Call 1800, MATT, RIS for that on mattress The perfect way to start off a new year for you and your back We're supposed to be your 560 You a M Oh, R-O-N Hear that? She now? I think we shop that's the problem. We got 45 minutes So I think we just did you have a set I like it I like it Oh, right! Yeah! What do I say about this day? Everything in this building is like Can we try out one more time? See if it works? I don't think it will. Look at that, I won't do anything now Oh my god, almighty! You think I should give up? Yeah. We're going home folks. Everything in this place is screwed up. We got a technical disaster here today But that's not unusual. I shouldn't have said that George Course I might be listening. Hey George. Kelly seafood and sunny hours. What do you say? And Carlos apologizes is profusely We had many, many people facts in and say Are you people some kind of assholes? You put 300 names on it. List on the list No, we're not Carlos's. Didn't I tell him to divide it up? That would have been just perfect. You know? But the good news is today, which is the third and final part of the pool Which will go up right after the show One of Carlos right after the show Not like a day and a half later Because Carlos and the Eric are having some kind of a communication problem Or maybe Carlos stole some of Eric's lunch My long distance And they're feuding and fighting again Or maybe Carlos is a phone underneath the overpass And working too good But we'll have it right away And then we'll take the top 20 for me to the three days And that'll be the runoff And we'll take some of these bogus ones out here Like that cock and bull story that you people are doing What about Kelly seafood? Kelly seafood if it was pretty famous Wasn't it in sunny hours? Sort of it before? Yeah, we heard of it. Do you ever eat there? No. Well, that's something if we need them there Maybe they still be around Oh, here's again this guy We've already done this stuff already stopped Think I would have a list of 600 okay. We did as good as we could with you. Listen, I'll give it a rest Here's one it says being a slipper. I want to throw in the army navy the chain of stores and go golf five and dimes Remember golf five and dime? No, but have an army navy put that down army navy stores And one more the pieces of eight lounge with guitar man Is that our guitar man? I only know one Huh pieces of eight lounge I know the pieces of crap lounge One more north my institution was masters field a 1940 airster Bob on run tends to no It says this time was really a cool place back then what was this? 1940 airstrip okay. I'll take you worse for it Here's another a long list. Let's see you to game cock theater I can't even imagine what that place was a cast way new port what that was new port cigarette Oh A little general I'm a still around. I was like you float them. That's right little general Be everywhere. I L a post of a little general Fibrations we got Mr. Donom. We got the toast. Yeah, great late night lounge. You're right around across from sugar's a gay bar the till we got it Thank you. Marcellas. That was Marcellas gone Oh, 135th and Dixie. How about wasn't that Marcellas or would yeah? That was Marcellas. Oh, they got us still be there How much Marcellas is still there Sunny Isle rocking chair theater Got that Sunny Isle rocking chair theater The lion's share a small chain of sandwich shops. Don't put Marcellas there because I'm I'm sure aren't you sure Marcellas are legendary great garlic rolls Or am I thinking of now Mario the Baker is not there Mario the Baker is on what there's one implantation On sunrise between on university between sunrise and Oakland right? I guess where that last one you said before Marcellas Oh, are you getting Marcellas after Marcellas? I said the lion's share a small chain of sandwich shops is that the one you were looking for good You got it We apologize again for people who feel this is ponderous, but generally speaking the audience loves it They're they're they're Foming at them out from it. I'm foaming at them out from all the sugar this morning But in this event idea the show goes by like an old time at all not gonna be sugar another three or four days of this then you can put flowers on my cans Good Here's a facts from somebody whose name I can't read in the bottom. It says great theory or live in LA now live there for two years But I'm for my me originally well congratulations and getting out key or here it is Keith I used to listen you down here all the time but always listen you out in the internet I guess you changed how you broadcast over the internet or possibly because I own a Mac What does that have to do with it? That has nothing to do with it. It says for the last few months I've been unable to get your show because he owns a Mac Well, that'll learn you move you it's rotten to the core It says I'm back in town for a month and have been listening every day religiously as you are Neil God It says yeah, yeah. I hope everyone realizes how lucky they are to have you on here No, they don't know they don't They do not your polis great that goes without saying I read the holist to my mom over the weekend She's been down here for 45 years and she thought it was great. How do you like that? See even as mom thought it was great She's an old fart We have a few more for you Jackie Gleason's restaurant. Did we have that? This game in 79th Street How could there have been a Jackie look at who the hell that is? How could I could there have been a Jackie Gleason's at this game in 79th Do you remember the facts we had about him the other day which I was kind enough not to read on the air remember that facts? Yes about Kimba which I did not read over there, which I'm sure he he owes us for that It was pretty erasy Ellen and we got Ellen and cafeteria, which I think only had one or a wait a minute wait a minute wait am I getting confused Ellen and seafood and Ellen and cafeteria. Is there are they different things? I don't know The Kim wanted us to know yes at the old damn doubt bull. Yeah, is the one that sits out in front of Kimbo campers University died All right So when they say there's no bull at the Kimbo campers University It lives on and you welcome for the free plug Kim and like I said you always big time for not mentioning what somebody wrote the other day a King pony farm What is that Kings pony farm forget about it Chris Hamlet we got Tarks oh tars you remember tars these things on the road down here not there anymore, though no get tarks on our TAK TARK busries awesome. Let's see it with a cue. No, okay awesome seafood and check it with what what about smell? Did the Bo campers just drop some a gas in it. What was that you don't smell man? Oh my god. It smells like Like a barnyard of rotten eggs man The driving adult movie theater 140th in biscuit well it must have had a name that that ain't good enough Maybe it's the way we already got the one the one that's the one we're talking about We're gonna our Rick and son. They're on the beach okay. That's the bad news for a key thing. Thanks for the memories God Here, oh look at us. I got 65 facts is all telling me the same thing that Freddy's anchor moved around a corner near the armory There's a big Mercedes do you know we're Freddy's anchor bar used to be all those were the days baby those were the days Been replaced by Mercedes either owned by Wayne had Pingo. Oh no and here's another one It says how about pirates world In fact, I'll tell you what let's start over to beginning again. We can do this for another six months Thank you very much, but we already got pirates wrote call for a grim at her. I'll see what he thinks And by the way, Fred you welcome for stealing all that stuff from us Let's see park place cafe and tell you staple in West date under allow area for your serving lunch of the large business crowd in the area Park place cafe and deli got it good and we're not gonna have nearly as many on a poll today and like I said tomorrow We'll take the top 20 from each day while we okay, and it was so then we won't have to do all of this Okay, well no cuz we won't be taking anymore, but it will just put the pool on there because we don't want to start and be too predictable with another pool Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I why don't give up now. I'm not giving up. I'm not throwing it until yet Hey, let's go back down. I'm gonna stay here just to make sure cash and over don't get this job. Yes I want to tell you a couple of the clicks that I remember the Miami Marine Stadium and QSK Where do you serve concerts and both races okay and Also, I wanted to let you know that the playboy club also had another club on the June and 14 Oh my god Okay, well the best Western is now right and also there was a club inside the Eden Rock Hotel Colour Scarlet and At the Barcelona hotel place at two clubs one for the Olios and one for the Crackers really bring those here The Olios one was called a magic flute and the magic flute. Yeah, I'm not touching that Harder used to play that's not what I heard. Yeah, I'm not just in that with your lips And the one inside the Barcelona was called the seller Okay, all right. Thanks a lot of me go. All right, you all see you Now here's one it says there were three of the best bars right here. It's used to see Kim Bocai Well, actually they fasted it again. And we said that Kim was in a bullet. Oh, see on today It's something going on that we don't know about cuz my schedule says Jim managed one of three But Kim Bocai have a rate just in here hanging around okay, but I don't know if he's gonna be on because we don't want to be telling the man Not that it really makes a difference because you know the extra fact the rest of their he's still wearing his junk strap To work, but we would like to know cuz just for once in my life. I'd have to write schedule We got 14 program directors in here. We'll be real nice so we'll get the right schedule since they're to pride themselves on that all the hard work Maybe if we ever saw Clara you know what the problem is Too many holidays okay, and if there's one thing I can't stand is too many people taking too many days off I like people right here in the building every day when are supposed to be doing this show Not hang out there with a super bowl all week long and sandy ego not this one is taken off cuz it's Martin Luther King day And this one taken off cuz it was Christmas in New Year's and Hanukkah and thanks for thanksgiving before that right we don't go for that on this show No, we believe in everybody showing up every day when are supposed to in the studio wherever the studio might be of course Et cetera So we'll find out during the break if Bocai and Chris gonna be on or the mad dog and you know Just for how that and then then Bocai for content about all those things you used to be doing in the tea room in these places whatever right at this game babies 26 past noon at 560 WQM. Hey, all you guys out there with a new year in full swing now's the time to act on a new high-paying career Fast rain is holding a free career seminar tomorrow tomorrow evening Tuesday It's Kendall Miami for Lauderdale in Pembroke pine's locations. It's a free seminar call one 86 fast rain reserve your seat that's 86 fast train make 2003 the year that you're in a high-paying computer job see that and I'm starting to talk so fast that because my tongue is like But I want to go out that from that sugar you shouldn't let me in a George. Sorry make this near that You're in a high-paying computer job if you're overworked underpaid or real sucky job going no place This could be the most important 50 minutes your life Fast-ranking have you certified ready for a dream job in just for short months So call fast train toll free at one 86 fast train they've got can be in day-eving weekend classes call one 86 6 fast-ranked reserve your seat for tomorrow night for directions to the fast-rank closest nearby you just call fast train Don't just check out fast-ranked calm and you'll be on your way to a new high-paying computer career. Got it fast-rains off old as leader in computer training Have a penis. I've never had one. I swear Just something about it when I inhale it's like wow dude Kind of sucks though When a seed pops in your eye It's a real bummer you I Over an outside of owner. Stuff I thought of this guy was on yet. You thought you were a filthy insane. Oh my god, we're gonna have fatted. I think he gained a 15 pounds back in his head. The beast just opened a door crack and I saw the fattest head I've ever seen in my life. He'd grain all the way back from the neck up. Am I right? Go shit, look at that. His head must weigh 75 pounds easy. In fact, I got a quick way from the lose 75 pounds. Anybody got a sharp instrument? Let's get that machini that's OJ left back there. I'll just slice it right off. Lose 75 pounds of fastest died going. Are you back on a sack? And how are you doing? Okay. Good. He's got the thumbs up. This time no more screw in around. Okay. Just when I leave town, no more this screw in around. And tell fat boy to get lost. Okay. He's out. No, that's seriously. He's trying to muscle it on your sack. Well, he's trying to muscle in a sack. You can find fat boy. Because who would help with touch that? You know what? Good. Golling this money. Always trying to muscle in. You just forget your your hopeless case. Oh, Jeff, I we've written you off. You're forget about it. We're just measuring the a cansket. I guess we'll feel bad on that day. You know what I'm saying? We'll feel real bad about it. But we tried. We tried every way that we know how people let's say that here's shoveling like chocolate and cup case. Oh, if you're one of the Paul bears, you'll feel really bad. People let's sit around eating and shoveling chocolate. Does there any more out there? We just spat on all of it. Here's the list. It's an amgothane molded in touch it. I should ask her which cupcake he was squeezing before he finally put it back down again. Can you believe that? She's a dream told me so must have been true because she's not she don't have enough good imagination or sense of human to make it up. We like to read now and show us fight about what Miguel says. She brought an all that food for Galdies birthday and a mole mice who was going to eat one cupcake picked it up and is about to do it about to put it into his post. I think maybe because it had peace to live off the one side a little bit. As he was about to take the first bite of all is this for us on a morning show. She said no it's for Goldies birthday and he put it right back down again. Oh, Chief. And she said no you can eat it. Oh that's okay. I'll pass. And he grumped off back into the studio grumped off. The grumpy old man. Red diamond in we already did that right. I love the red diamond and mad dog and I were talking about that on Friday. Oh, the man dog will be on today. Oh, right. Both campers just in the building trying to get these faches and burn them. The ones that told us the reason about biscuit babies. Chicken unlimited do we got chicken unlimited? I don't think we have that yet. Well, that was a good one to roll over town got it now Carl Oskud. And we're not putting banks on there. Okay, because because the banks have all been a bought out. You know what, what's what? Our raffles we got copper penny we got and we'll code it. We do will code which one else will work. Okay, one out of eighty eight bad. God. I'm just exhausted from this. Malibu grand prix. Palmetto and Northwest fourth three. It's. It's one a different name now. Palmetto and what? Palmetto and Northwest fourth stream. Not mine not my hood. Atlantis to order kingdom was here. Okay, neighbors restaurant we got the circle theater. Miami stream Uno best of it on the Rikai says. I wonder which in Rikai that is you think is R and Riki? No. Huh? You're in Riki. Miami and we you know. Oh, in other words, now you know I can make you all the somebody ever knew to you. I don't like him like you like him. Well, little general we got. Do we have a little general and we just put that on there? Yeah. We just got through put that on there. Maybe it was a psychic experience. Here's what we don't have on there yet. That was all over town. I'll guarantee you super extra stores. How can we have forgotten that? Remember with the OSI with the X. Yeah, X rated and aims department stores. A. I. M. E. S. Remember, though, you don't remember that. A. M. Department store get with it. Let's see, true sunrise musical theater was purchased by clear channel 1998 sold over church last April. We know it's true because we had the store after internet. So anybody tries to make up a song in advance. Well, the guy said it was a cult. So a church a cult. Whatever. Some funny below anything. Now it says the poll has degraded into merely what's got your right. So I'll what is it? I'll throw in another. Ha ha ha ha. The bowl of Matt is number three on the list. What do you mean you'll throw in another one? First they give us a little shot and then they threw another one at number three on the list. Even though I think it's bogus volumet. You people are impossible. All the well. A lot of people out there at least four or five don't have a computer, right? What percentage of the audience you think has a computer? 60% at least. Only 60? At least. That's a low ball. I'm talking about like, it work or at home where they could like keep track 80, 80%. So I mean 80% out there. They had to be able to take a puk on our pool. What's your favorite software to business that's no longer around? This is turned into the airy buddy in the whole state is talking about this. You hear that damn fact over there is talking about places we haven't heard about now. You know, what was that restaurant in Tampa where they've done a tell us? You think that's still there? Tell you, remember they love me like crazy, right? On veil, maybe? Sure. We don't think that's still there anymore. I'm not sure. There's a Donatello's in Toronto. I'm just I'm never thinking. There I just mentioned that. I mean, they know Barbarian stay house, remember? Oh, let me just a suggestion. Okay, rumors are great guy, but if you want to go eat somewhere, don't ask him for a suggestion. Please, especially out of town. He will give you camera. It's in the suggestion. Then he'll get you some good doctors to help kill it all up. He doesn't have the best doctors in after you with him. You'll need it. Neal the unicorn village first closed their restaurant and have a tour that closed their grocery. So they're all gone. We didn't we discovered that in a Friday, but thank you again. That's sad. What was the guy's name that was the unicorn guy? They were a sponsor mine for a very, very long time. Especially when they were opposite. Now, see, you had vetoes on one side with these stuff pizza and across the street with the original unicorn. And other both gone. Oh, what's happened to our town boys and girls? What's happened to this place? Now we got nothing but chains. Oh, we got left his chains and Chuck E. Cheese. Anything else that begins with a CH. Like Chicago. Here's Toby's cafeteria. Did we do Toby's cafe when I was in? That was there, excitation that that would be a great pole to take one day. What's up? Do you have a computer? Hey, Eric. Get lost. Toby's cafeteria right off on 95. 54 Street. Did we do that Toby's cafeteria? No. We did a Toby something. And the umbrella. Now you wrote it on your while he was out the dittling with the doors there. Trying to get the place so straight now. Oh, no. Our donuts. How many have we had for our topless donuts? We know where your mind is. Okay, let you boobs out there. But we've had our donut. In fact, how many of these are now that now that they're also with them about how many votes does it have? Let's take a look. It's got only 13 votes out of all over 900. We're on a way to 1000 votes on that pool, which we'd have a lot more than that except for the fact that Eric and Carlos missed each other and we can. How much did you miss him? The Palm Beach Auditorium is now at your home as witness. That sunrise musical theater. Oh, I see. So what does that mean? What we've all been doing? In other words, sunrise musical theater is a church and the Palm Beach Auditorium is now whatever. Okay, to see now you're confusing us. We're drowning in the sea of confusion here. Okay, how many of these can we keep up with already? Okay, there's 750,000 of them. As we speak, there's probably another 10,000 going to go out of business this week, which we feel sorry for them. But that's the way things go. Okay, the economy is a lot worse than they're letting on. You know that. You do know that don't talk. The economy's in the crapper. Yeah. I mean, you're talking a good game. But I mean, but I mean, but I mean, but I mean, while the economy is in the crapper, it's because it's a regular, on the other side. And there's a lot of stuff. Perfect on people's leg. And they can't find a grocery's with it. Was it the grand mirror in the restaurant, which was a ship docked in Fort Lardale? Like, everybody's to be foreclosing. I don't know. I don't know, but we certainly, for was hope that they're not around anymore. Burger Castle, did we do that? Was there such a place as Burger Castle? Somebody said it before. You won't find no hassle if they will Burger Castle. It came up in previous shows. It came up. Which is probably why I didn't take it there anymore. And I don't know if we wrote it. Did we put that on there or not, Burger Castle? Well, put it down. You'll check it out because I'm sure I won't take it more than four or five hours. Let's make sure we get that pull on there right about if I won't 30 at the very latest. Because then by the way, time we sit down here tomorrow. We've got to wrap this thing up. We're going to start getting the audience really pissed off. And be out in the streets to have it in our house. Break down. Oh, W.Y. O.D. Well, it's still there for what it's worth. Goody shoes. Goody shoes. And we're Frankie Lyman. Goody, goody. Yeah. We put it down. Goody shoes now. The embers we had the embers. Regal beer. No. Oh, the Hollywood Sun tatler. There you go. A newspaper. Lord, the by me news is another one. But the dust. How about the Fort Lauderdale news? Remember the afternoon edition of the Sun sentla for Lauderdale news? Well, the used to be an afternoon paper was owned by the Sun Sample most of the different Fort Lauderdale news and the Hollywood Sun tatler. Got him great. In fact, I think I think you're good. The other one of the different Tom Jicka used to handy-cath the A dogs for Hollywood Sun tatler and of course he and I used to Handycraft for the mommy news. As to handy-cath Pompino and he used to handy-cath the dogs, which I think was more in line with his abilities. Little Tommy. Ball to the geek. You're close, personal buddy. Don't forget Hanks out and Sandy Ago All-Wate 1. He likes you a lot. Don't he? He does? I don't think so. Twenty-two-one at five, sixty-w-w-m-r-u-need of Currenturance if you got tickets in the past your head and accident. And the earth, you have bad credit. Well, if you answered yes to any of these questions, here's the number to call. Tull Free. 1 Triple 8 506723. That's the number four Florida First Insurance. They have the current insurance policy plan for everybody. We guard, let's see your past record. They've got low dial payments. You get the current shirts you need for as little as 35 bucks a month. Call them now. Tull Free. 1 Triple 8 506723. Florida First Insurance offers free quotes. They're family-owned and operated with years and years of experience. Don't forget you deserve the current shirts that you need, but you need to call them now. 1 Triple 8 506723. If you need home, life, health, or commercial insurance, Florida First Insurance can get your covered. And right now is a special promotion. Stop by any Florida First Insurance location. Get a quote and you'll receive two free casino cruise passes. Compliments of Las Vegas Del Marketing is $60 value. Absolutely free. That's right. Call 1 Triple 8 506723. Get a current insurance quote from Florida First Insurance. Get two free casino cruise passes. So remember no matter what your car history record is, you have to call 1 Triple 8 506723. That's Florida First Insurance for all your car insurance needs. Call them now in case you missed that number the first 40 times. 1 Triple 8 506723. Why? And local. Here's Sports Radio 560C. You a- You a- Do I want that? Huh? Huh? Robby. Cancelation scan. Robby Fano. Robby. Robby. Robby. Robby. Robby. Robby. Robby. Robby. robby. So believe, must realize we knew it. Honestly, it's not that big a shock. If you and Ricky, Mark were to do it. And be a crock. For Paul's O'Mia. Rosie O'Donnell gave up all the lives. Now I hope, Nathan, lame and missy life, sky. I rose you for it's party, you're fat act. Okay, Rosie, we're nauseous for me already. It's a 1245 at 5.60 WC. The mad dog is in a building. He'll be on a one. And then we got the Humper from San Diego for Super Bowl. They got the Tampa Bay Bucket ears and the Oakland Raiders. It's the John Grooten Bowl. And that what it's going to be? John and L. Allen, John, like Dave Heiss says in the paper this morning, stealing it from our show again, but giving us no credit whatsoever. You, writers in his town, boy, it's just you. I mean, I understand that we're like ban from the newspapers, which is okay with me, but just like a little something like a thank you note in the mail or something. A facts saying thanks for allowing us to steal your crap. God Almighty, hey Dave, you can have all the crap I got, Dave Heiss. Here's the fact this is what about East Side Marios. There still goes strong up in Toronto. Have you ever seen their TV spots? Of course not. And at the end of the spot, he says, Bada boom, Bada Bing. Yeah, he says that. But they're not here. There was an East Side Marios by me. And we're, um, uh, by the saw grass. You know, we're taking shake his by me there on Sunday. Right. Well, when you drive in at the thing there, like, back where Blockbuster's was, which is now some other record chain. What is it? The California one, whatever it is. Uh, there's a, there wasn't East Side Marios gone long gone. They lasted about 10 minutes. In fact, the facts is, uh, East Side Marios was really good till it became all corporate and whatnot. And they're not too crazy about the whatnot. They like to want what, but not to whatnot. You think they can get a what? What? I'll see. Most of these probably have been mentioned, uh, pals captain table. What? pals captain table? We don't know what that is. Sportsman's paradise. Where we got that. Uh, Shethel Madrid. Now, do we have that? Because Shethel Madrid was the one finally. I'm starting to think on a corner of Oakland and the 441 and the big round building. We must have that on there. We talked about it last week. Cheeches. Duncheeches? Yeah, don't Cheechi. Cheechi. See, I've got you in a how to spell it. We got grand union in the upside down house in sunrise. Anybody ever been to the upside down house? 94 theros. Why don't we already have been through that? And Carlson sister, Silorant. Worley ball. I'm copin's rodent pompano. The moon raker, which is now called yesterday's moon raker. Write down whichever ones of these you feel like. Okay. The down under we got that. Kings department store. Nationwide auto parts. Nationwide auto parts. That should be on it. That was like a big shame. Wasn't. And Mary was attacking on sunrise at US one next to the gateway theater. Mary was attacking his gone. I believe now. What's yellow on a distilled air? What's used to be up on me on my Peter's Road University? The attack in place. La la la la la. La boem. La boem is the tag in. Oh, brother. And it says Kenny Rogers is still in bulk of what we don't care. Come on. You were got to know what the place that. El Molino. Most close to law. Yeah, it's lower. More masculine. Which you didn't know that. El Molino, which is still over there by the gateway theater. Where Mary was used to be. But as they told me that one was better anyway. And I have eaten and that one was very good. And the only little out there by me on the implantation is now something else. With nobody ever talks about it. So must not be too good. The greatest drugstores says Super X was on commercial and university on the South East corner and shoppers drug mart. Well shoppers drug mart's all over Canada. We don't have shoppers drug mart here anymore. Never heard of them. You never heard of shoppers drug mart. You better know your drugstores, Mr. because you sure don't. You know what? Tells wrong with you. God. You don't know shoppers drug mart. Well, I'm not so sure they were here. I know they're in Toronto. They're all over the place downtown. There's a shoppers drug mart in every street corn. Toronto. If I put it on there okay just for fun. Circle K are they still in business? Yeah. They are. That's the circle K convenience stores. Well, somebody must be besides 7-11. Here's a sure list. Swedish is the Swedish house. It's the Sweden house you bozo not the Swedish house. Which we got brothers to we had. Coasters in the falls. Elter leader we got. Bird Road flea market. Also called the traffic here flea market. Got it. We got it. Best. Or you have best department store. Not best buy but it was like best department store. Best they have best. Best department store. And we'll dig a week. All right. Good. Oh thank God. Jay. I'm starting to get like overwhelmed by the city. I can't even talk anymore. Or could be the sugar. Could be the sugar. Could be the blood sugar of 10,000. And I don't care because it's almost one o'clock already. Is the sugar going to start yet? What's so? Good God. I'll tell you. That that's chocolate lace. Man. And it made your teeth there. Your mullers stick together when you chewed it. Oh you had some? Yeah. Well, it's sitting right here. Yeah. Oh, that's right. He doesn't like chocolate. It didn't make my mullers stick together. In fact, is there any more? I can't listen if I had that right. I want to clock. I can be home by 10 after. I licked all of the pieces. Oh, and that's a table over there. That's what do I lottery also. I don't want to tell you where the pieces were. It's a 1250, 10 before 1 at 560 WQM. If you're a listener to the shore. Have been over the years. You know that floors are good piezons of ours. And have been for about 100 years. And while we talk about all the places that are coming. And going, look at all the places around the 79th and Biscay area that are on our list. Like about 50,000 them. But one of the places that's still there. One of the very few floors, a tidying restaurant. That's right. Better than ever. Floors the outdoor restaurant with the atmosphere that's as casual as it gets. Whether you're eating and taking out or calling for delivery. Everything out of their kitchen is made fresh to order from the homemade dough for the pizza and garlic rolls. To the fabulous sauces made fresh and never out of a can. Floors' pizza remind me of crates to great taste of it. When you dish in fact, the bring us lunch tomorrow. Here on the show. We can forward to it. And their prices are so low, it's just almost unbelievable. Just 1199 for a large cheese pizza would have it as a garlic rolls and lead or soda. 1399 gets your large cheese pie, lead or soda, and six chicken wings. Be sure to try the homemade meat lasagna. Just oozing with melted cheese. And on this show we love our oozing melted cheese. It's fun at floors. The food is great. They got stuff to do in games for the kids so they don't drive you nuts while you're eating. You're love the casual com as you are atmosphere at floors. They're open every day. Seven days a week lunch dinner parties and catering. Call Flores, which has been around for a coupons age, and once you eat there you'll understand why it's so great. Call 305-7585851. That's 305-7585851, or eat right there at Flores at 79st Street, just too much needs to be skated. Pulled up our ticket drive down the street and wave it to where you're w-w-i-d used to be. Come see why the hero call for us one of the great Italian restaurants in town, call Flores, Peach and Me, and be sure and tell them that old Neil, since you're by. And look, this is Fort Wittie of I-64. You're way too way, yeah. Again, dumb as dirt. Oh no, run by Kirchard to repay. I'll hurt you all that at 99. How do I go? So there in some detail. Don't catch a don't watch me to fuck around. And you're going through some nuts and downs. Why you sing all of the chaos? Oh, run, you're put some fears in the fridge. And take a hungry two-year-old play. There's a bunch of things we've got to send it half time. Why you won't have the peace. I'll get out of here. That game is pretty wild now. The game is super bold. The chattipin' hero, wow. The game looks pretty good, Joe. Hold the game and sing, Kate. The game is super bold. I've been in love to watch real. When they cross the door, it's all right. It's all right. Don't you know the right? No, I'm with me. Yeah. Just a thing, just a thing. This is super bold. It's super bold and he's out. Like a fairy. Super bold. Super bold. That gave a super bold. It's a fairy, it's a game. The time you watch with all your body. And you're so good, and you're women round. What's it, Kevin, with all your blood? I don't know. I don't know. I just pulled a mad dog that the Tampa Bay was a lock-ass that he looked at me and said, Sunny morning quarterback, her Monday morning, whatever it was. And he ran out of here. It's also right now when I talk about Kimbo, camper with the busking babies. The blue grotto, blue grotto with tagging restaurant. We got that already or not. Carl, we do know. We do know. Okay, put it on there. We've got a twice in pairs. Carl, we do know. Hello from Denver. It says, Flynn's Dixie ribs. Now are these here? Are they in Denver? The Hungry Hound. Payal lefties that was the charades. What was the name of the effing coffee house chain? That was on US one where Denny says, Now cross from you of him. On US one where Denny says, Now cross from you. That's your territory. Based on its here at. Is that awful pizza play? I mean, that's a little Caesar still down there. You know something? I don't think he's ever even been to the University of Miami. Okay, just a front running phony like most everybody in this time. Little Caesar's pizza was on US one right across from the campus. Huh? No. Little Caesar's gone. And it was like salty. The bird always used to like that. Which is probably what a lot of business. The bird loved little Caesar's down there. Took me there when they for pizza. Fet. Nasty. Salty. And then also says, not martial majors. And now you don't must know martial majors, huh? No. Martial majors was great. You're all me mentioned that in here. Which sensational. Probably gone by the time you got here. Which is a good thing because you'd weigh 600. Am I right? Has all the way come back from the neck up? Look at his head. His head. There are there are bowling balls much smaller than his head. His head is just ballooned up. What do you do? Like you eat like standing on your head? What does he say? Head cheese. Yeah, head cheese. Well, you don't have to talk about that. Here's another one that says the Columbus hotel. And my probably had top of the Columbus. Did we do the top of the home? Did we do that in the honeywood? I think we did that. Did the candies top of the home? Anyway, there's two minutes. There's just two damn many. The good news is that Donna tell us this to open in Tampa. Let's go right now. Okay. And that's from a show. The facts to the head dog. Because he came in here to tell me that. And he said, ah, that damn joy again. It's Joey aka Tracy Foster aka right wing asshole. Hey, Joey. We appreciate the information. But get lost. Okay, you're an idiot. In case it's not our finalist talk of you. Is this kind of like, thank God that this is it. This is the end, my friend. Because you talk about running out of material. Pirates amusement centers slash your arcade on Crowley and 70th Avenue in Dave County close in the early 90s building looks like an old Spanish fart. A fort. Similar to Chuck E. Cheese except before Chuck E. Cheese. Pirate. Now we already did that. We did pirates world and just plain pirates. Remember? I'll be right there and done that. Thank you. Here's another list of what we got them all. Thank you. Did we mention the ground round in Tamarack? No. Well good because Rob says it's so I'm sorry, but put it on list. The ground round got it. And that's it. I declare that's it. We are worn out. We've had it. We've had it. Carl O'Sh just took the list. Just took his pen. Heave it against the wall. Just sat down and squatted. Drop the little load on the floor. Just out of disgust. I don't contend for this exercise, which we thought would just be a little bit of fun, which it was fun. But I mean you talk about a draining exercise. I don't forget to have those, uh, lace chocolates for tomorrow. Huh? If I eat like three of them instead of just that one, this show can be about a 10 minute show. I'm bringing in laced chocolates. I'm, no, those are from all of the laced ones. That's what Doreen said. Can you imagine he wouldn't eat the cupcake because they weren't brought specifically for him? I just, uh, he's an asshole. Can't even believe that. Because they didn't have his name on it. See, he wants free, but he wants free that specifically for him. Get the little care about that. Yeah. See with us, we don't give a crap whose name is on it. You know, just like those sandwiches that show up at the hang set. Hey, here they are. They're for us now. So anyway, Mo. Good luck to you. Bye, bye, bye! What? That's how we best do time away. Give the geoljala a hug!