I'm still trying to figure out what that meant. Yeah, what that mean? I don't know, but I just laid it on the line with him. I gave him a little- Aaaaaaah! Well, here we got one guy on a station. One of our sports nerds that I'm talking to right now. It's got the balls to say hey they stuck they suck back with a job and it's back with a vagina. They were just a gaping vagina. That was the most pathetic. This man has a vagina. It's official. Scott for real just announced the South Florida. The J. Feele are officially has a vagina. Nice talking through to the sideline, huh? See my team, the Patriots, we got our ass white, but I'd rather get beat 31 nothing and that's your up at all by it. Like a fairly real team then, it was by one point to a girls team that would be bad. You know, my dad used to call it. Don't care about still looks good, yeah? My dad used to see her right. He took three T.D.s, but that duck to the sideline reminded me of Nielo Donald and the Super Bowl with Larry Brown. All I have to say is, you know, this guy throws ducks. He's average at best. Their coach is the same coach. They've coached the bearers to like two wins every year. They look like they were standing around on their Niel. Page out of the alley Sherman, a songbook and that is the Jews aren't supposed to handle Pigskin. Oh my god, you know, and not even for skin. It definitely not Pigskin. How about the clock? They use their timeouts two minutes into the half of his over. Do you really think I watched that crap? No. You must be dreaming. You were probably watching a Marlins. It was almost talking season, baby. I know. Yeah, they're starting training camp, which is worse than the NFL preseason. And there's, if there's one thing in the world needs to less of it's NHL preseason games. And the Leafs are going to sign Terry Satchel. Come back and play goal. He's coming back from the night. Who is their goalie? Who's the Leafs goalie? Any the big old man. Oh, good. I know Eddie Belvore. You know, he races cars when he's not playing hockey. He should start doing that more often. He just can't. He's going to be great. He's too hard. He can't win. There's no way he can win. The kid down here for us ten times better than he is. How about that? Any erotic and Mandy more, huh? I thought Andy Roddick played great. He finally will move out of my condo today because he hasn't had any money. But now that he got a million dollars, he's moving up. Yeah, he's okay, my book. How about that? That's boring. No, watch him. Just serve 140 miles an hour. I remember watching Bone Mandy more, wouldn't you? I'd rather watch Jennifer Capriati Bona Horse. Or would you rather watch Gerard Lito Bone Britney Spears? That's a fabulous, good pull question. A pull question. Throw in the diamond to the Mexican. You got a big action. I can't dream. Get that tongue out of their bitch. I don't think anything that didn't phase me at all when I saw that happen. I just was like, you know, whatever. No, but I mean, when you put the Dennis Roddick in fact right here, knowing that she was even in the same room with that this come back. He got by the weekend last week. You were a whole thing, I know. Yeah, we were talking about that. I said, no, Scott, we had that on Friday. I know I had it right now before you. One top of it. Did you? Yeah, I talked about it because I used to be ice. Do Roddick come show. Probably because you're on before me. I know I did. I used to the ice the host is stupid world tour show and MTV. And I've got this jinx now, don't you? Why? His name is absolutely moe. It's the mo jinx. Moe was in here today looking at ways to reflect back on the tough loss. Listen, there was nothing tough about it. They were going to lose that game. Anytime you give up five field goals and then a bell game, you're going to lose. That's a tough loss. And he said, it's tough love. His relationship with Z. Beaver. By the way, I'm looking at the schedule. I didn't realize this. This is a regular thing. Now this Thursday morning. What is it? It's 645 the 7am. He's got a feeder on. Obviously we're panning. So it's a regular segment. That ought to be. How would you like to be a damn late-attard show tonight with Ricky Williams or the Cleveland or people going to throw eggs? Can you imagine how deep that moe's and Tommy's going to be on safe feedlers and several inches? I'm burning man. Yeah. I'd ask him. Hey, how big was the ask that you lift with that pass to the sideline with four minutes left? You dildell. Yeah. That's what real NFL fans say when they're leaving. They're going to hear the cussing still in the parking lot today. They like it. That's a good way. Which had pennies. How long is he going to be on? He's going to be out at least eight weeks. For some of us, they got Vinnie again on Sunday. Yeah, they don't want to have a shot. The dolphins should be able to get to Vinnie but they couldn't get the David car against the worst offensive line in the history of the NFL. Yeah, they did. They're the car looks a lot better in Vinnie. But the car is a lot better than Vinnie and he's got a great honor for you. They're just talking about that. That's a good quarterback. Jason Taylor couldn't get to him. Yeah. And neither could anyone else. Junior say, I blitz five times. You never got close. Did you talk about that shooting in Zos Barbershop? Oh, but I hope somebody got shot. They did. You didn't see the story? No, I didn't. Hip hop executive identified a shooting victim at Morning's Miami Barbershop. Two guys got fatally shot. It was like, you know, you know, Joey Zazal thing. Wow, I was reading this story. Two teams accused of searching for marijuana and a dealer dialed the wrong number. They called the cops office instead. They got arrested. Oh, my God. And, and I'll leave you on this exciting note because I know just the word organ. It gets you all whipped up into a frenzy. Yeah. I'm sitting here squeezing my organ. And you know why? Why? Because on the front page of the National Post, the gigantic article, they research shows that fat is an organ. So I'm squeezing my organ here and it's legal. That is why there's your a lot of people. But you're losing weight. You stop eating corn, dikes, right? What? 187. That's my low and low and high. When I come back, I'm going to be so slim. You're going to think I'm a bread pit. You know, what? That would be something else. Yeah. That would be serious when you're getting the right to slim and the ugly. So you're going to look like bread pit, right? I can hear corn. Bad and ugly. Yeah, that's great. You listen. Can I just run those eye-cars when you drive so that I can, like, convince these people here that I need a car? No, I don't drive anything. I got nothing. They still have you a car? They don't have anything for me except headaches. I'm going to Vegas this week too. Was that on a 15 hour flight time, Greg? Set me up with. Are you really? Yeah. He flew me back to our last one. He's not eating. He's not eating. Come back to Sunday night at one in the morning. Gotta be here to do the show at 7. Thanks, Todd. Yeah, have a nice day now. You two skybed the view. And you're Oregon. Okay. You grow. Oh. Miami has the dolphins there. The worse football team. They fluffed the ball from gold. They go like no one's ever seen. They're on the ground. That's where they'll stay. They're never in control. And when you say Miami, you're talking toilet holders. They're the Miami dolphin. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Number. How many teens in the week? I'm a Superman. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Don't bet on them. You'll always lose. They don't know how to tackle. They don't know how to block the night. Their coaches ought to tell them to put things in their jucks. Then they would run much faster and even in defeat. When we go to the stadium, we'll see Miami. And there the Miami dolphin. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. The team that hasn't got a clue. Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fence. Just 50,000 assholes. Sitting in the stands. Second day watched the game. And all they do is mowing right then bitch. I wonder how Joe Abbey got to be so goddamn rich and there the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Number. How many teens in the week? I'm a third of them. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. I hear the crowd peek into blue. Ooh. Ooh. The dolphins have faith-feetwork. That quarter facet you. Run down the field and he will grow up past over you. I'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised. When he gets cut that does it mean that he was certain. Sizing there the Miami dolphin. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Number. How many teens in the week? I am a dolphins. Miami dolphins. Jacals his signals and he brews. The dolphins have no teeth and send their offensive to Joe. Like George Bush eating pretzels. You know they're gonna choke. They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race. With fewer points than Park Marks on. Hising us. We face in there the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Number. All what the hell? 32. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Now they're free. All right. 1010 at 560 WQM 1010 wins New York. 1010 CFRB Toronto. Remember those days? No. Well that's when AM radio was like really worth listening to as opposed to just a bunch of noise and no speaking ways people. And don't react. By the way boys and girls were to live by the toes you step on today. Might be a chance to be asked you have to kiss someday. I love that. We problem is Scott already knew that. Yeah, did. Scott who's not getting paid yet by the way did Karen said. It's not that. It's not that. It's not that. It's not that. It's not that. It's not that. It's not that. It's not that. It's not that. It's not that. It's not that. It's not that. It's not that. It's not that. It's not that. It's not that. It's not that. It's not that. It's not that. It's not that. It's not that. It's not that. It's not that. It's not that. It's not that. It's not that. It's not that. It's not that. It's not that. Because they really don't want to pay anybody. You do understand that. Yes, I do. I like that saying though the toaster step on it. They might be attached to the ass you have to kiss some day. So I'll step on too many toes. You know what I'm saying unless it's a few years. Boy, do they need Brian greasy batter? How long's he going to be out with that? Didn't he kind of like a little fall and down problem? Oh, no. I know the Patriot Scott swam five buffalo yesterday and Tom Brady and the whole team stuck to join out. But he still looks better. If you can't play good, at least look good. Or here's the thing from Miguel. What were like creeping along with our best of a Neil routine? We got 20,000, 140 bucks to yesterday. That's where you were getting there and we haven't really. This is still a time to do when nobody's in town. Don't forget go to the aradios.com. He can order your best in the old 2002, 2003 CD and the Mo Howard David. Absolutely. He chain and we got all kinds of other crap to. We got t-shirts and mugs and drec. We ought to have like a mouse pad to a bigger. I think they do. Do we have a mouse pad? Like I said, they don't. But they ought to. We don't have like a little ball-titted mouse pad. We're big. Anyway, Tom and it's after 10, I love that crossover with Scott because even though like today, we didn't see much of anything. It kills some damn good time. I like that. Especially on a Monday. We'll give you the pull result from Friday, which was staggering. And the thing that was really interesting was the way Jay Feeler acted again to the game yesterday. They moved up from obscurity in our pull. Let's see. He finishes number five right on my very own offense. As for the 122 votes. If you could boot one person out of soft load who would have be. And Jay Feeler went zooming up the list after watching that disgraceful performance. That dying coil as Bob Prince would say that he heaved their thium the game. I scoen Jay. Oh, idiot. 1013 at 560 WQM how low can those interest rates go. You're probably wondering. I wonder if this is the right copy because Todd Rek is a no show. Put another financial group is doing the limbo rock under the lowest refinance rate you ever heard of. How low 1.95% that's right now. You can refinance your homo by new home and get super low 1.95% financing with our friends at financial group and we pray. This is the right copy. Like I said, Todd, he he's not interested. Call 1-800-940-land 1-800-940-L. And if you've been thinking about refinancing or buying real estate. Call financial group and check this out. If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, your payments are only 360 at a month. If you have you a hundred thousand dollar, you pay only 30, 36 months. So, confidential group at 1-800-940-L. And get the low low rate. You've been searching and screaming for 1.95% Call now and get that low rate from financial group at 1-800-940-land. That's 1-800-940-L.E.N.D. When you call, be sure to mention Todd Rek's name. The sound you hear will be the person falling to the floor on the other end of the phone. There are an equal housing letter. Credit restrictions apply rates of your change monthly. 5.19 APR. ROLY IN LOCO. We are sports radio 560-US. 2 AM. For David's a bitch. Tonight on E. Interchangement Television. George, how you been? And what you've been doing on vacation the last few weeks. Get it over. So if we ask four or five questions as hard from your member, I would like to ask you. What have you been doing? Breaking all the time. Drugs. Sex. Damn the consequences. Give me the Jack Daniel. Tonight on E.U.B. Let me get the final out of your hands. George. Let me finish the Meta John please. Ten 18 at 560-W.K.M. happy Monday. I had made a premature evaluation last week. Remember I said last week was because it was last Tuesday. It was like the end right after Labor Day. But that didn't work out. Because people still go away today as the week. They even hear a QA and we're like again, I can get our right back together and everybody's like back to normal. So Angel we got the mad dog today. We got Hank back in town. It's about time for Machuolis. And then we got to the Marlon game. Marlon's only a game behind a fillet is with 19 to go. Marlon's at the Metstonite. And I wait a minute. What's that? See as soon as I said that. And I'm looking at the schedule. See that? ESPN radio tended to an angel and Markov and I. Where's Eddie Kay? Good question. Kay Paso, any Kay. Almost almost back to the regular schedule. I see Eddie's back tomorrow. So he's probably on a busman's holiday or maybe he's collecting a big vet from yesterday. What are the hell he's doing? Oh, did you see that they, who's that right wing then Republican Senator? Oh, that one. Which one of those 50s? Someone? No, the one that wants to ban offshore gambling. He wants to make it illegal for a year. Oh, I can't forget. Did you see that on 60 minutes? I said that. What an asshole. You know? This is your Republican party. Oh, what it's going to spawn a whole generation of compulsive gamblers. Yeah, and like they put it up in the story, the attorney defending. He says, again, I mean while all the states have got the lotteries, which is the biggest ripoff in history, you know. Not that they're hypocrites. You do understand that, don't you? Yeah, yeah. Poles, from Friday, 1728 votes a staggering response, aided by the fact that there were outpouring of emotion for Jay Fiedler out to the game. If you could boot one person out of sub, that's offload who would it be. OJ Simpson, 472. There's nobody close to OJ. He's running like a son of a bitch. 472 votes. Mohour, David, 233, a respectable second just edging out. That psychotic bitch that slut and Colter read 232. I'd like that moja stuck in Ozen front. Miriam Elephant had 130, but in fifth place, nice going, Jay. Coming from obscurity near the bottom of the pack and zooming up the ladder, 1204 votes coming in fifth. Alex Pinka, Piccini was tied with the Reverend James Kennedy a couple of real assholes, 166 of peace, H. Wayne, H. Zengas, 68, see a few years ago he did it on much better. But now, small potatoes, you know, Wayne had only 68. Rick Sanchez, now there's the one we thought would have really zoomed up. They didn't do it. Out of sight out of mind. Your small potatoes too only 64 for Ricky Tickie Sanchez. But he goes back on here his unpopularity will zoom back up. Gloria, step on 46, was it consoco 41? How you doing, Jose? Mirus greasy ass had 30. Do you think they remember who that is? A couple people. A couple people remember Mirus is greasy ass. And by the way, now that he won the US open, do you think that the Andy Roddick's doing Mandy more? Less. Less? Still he's the right head, 25. Miss Matt Throge had only 16 year-old tiny potatoes. What are the name of those little red Irish potatoes? Just start that, yeah. Matt Throge 16, Jeff, remember 13. Oh, by the way, my phone rang in a 70-moon in the room. I didn't answer it. Go away, remember. Don't go away, man. Just go away. On the best part of the deal is, man, did we have a great meal at Ruth Chris Statehouse Saturday night? Who's away? Oh, friend of mine and I? Oh, not the rumors. It was sensational, man. That ribby. Oh, God, and it was barbecue shrimp. Have you ever had that? Yeah, I have. The barbecue shrimp is swimming bathing in that butter and herb sauce. And you just want to pick up that little bowl and just suck down at juice. But anywhere, it was great. Too bad the rumors could have been there. Jeff from a 13, white-loader Dale 8, Nick Earson 6, and Ike Seaman's Funny that he old-like from NBC 6, who's been going to be shipped off to the Gluf factory this year. He had only five. I don't think anybody even knows who the hell I is. You know what? Who? Ike Seaman? So, here's one of the most important stories of all time before we get to the days. I'm wondering, I'm debating if we should do this surface just a way to time. Do our own like preliminary poll, which would piss Eric off big time? We don't want to do that. Well, let's take to Miami call because it's online six. Here's Miami, hello. Any other thought we're going to put a jake? What is it? I started leaving with. I thought no. I thought that we were going to put a jake in here today. And all of these are not going to be done. You enjoyed it. I can never get out of here. It's that asshole again. The only reason I enjoyed is because you're an ass. Jesus, the mumbleer, go away and mumbleer. That's the mumbleer that we discovered is like four or five different cronics. If we could just eliminate him, you know what I mean? Went and down, rub him out? Okay, fine, great. Yeah, I wonder if we ought to do like preliminary poll. I don't think it's wasted time because we know audience hate sale President and say like poison and rightfully so. It's wasted time. The good news, bush numbers hit new low. All right. Dean tops list Democratic presidential contenders News on the American poll reveals. President George W. Bush is I got a lot of stuff here because it is Monday. This is the official starting bank the life for week. We might not get a lot of calls today. I mean, there probably be that Jack has again. Don't put him on again, Scott. Sorry, he want to get paid. If he wanted to go to bed for you with a clearance, don't put that asshole on again. Now, what does that mean Jackson Morial Hospital? Hello. Scott Scott's going to have to have a screener in there. You know. You don't get to know them. No, he won't. No, he won't. And no turn flat. He's a little bit slow. President George W. Bush's job performance ratings have reached the lowest points since his pre inauguration days continuing a steady decline since they post. That must have been Jay Feele doing a voice. You think? Hey, Jay, don't take it personal. Don't be a sour push. Oh, I'll go Scott did say this morning. He's got a vagina. Do you believe it? But at least he said it was a lovely vagina. I like that. I wasn't. Well, for the guys going to have a vagina, at least the better be beautiful in the fashionable. Oh. What's wrong with that? I hope that I hope Mo ask him about that on Thursday morning. 6, 6, 45, the 7 AM. It's Mo Howard David and Jay Feele. And who's got their tongue deep as the other's uh, uh, Braccombe. No kidding. High school that had a, a man, vagina. He did. Yeah. He was fat. You know how that goes. No, I don't know how that goes. Well, you know how that grows. Sometimes the fat. So in other words, it was like a navel. It was an inny. It was, he had a cluffed. I slit if you will. He had a camel toe. Oh, no, no. No, a clove and who. Oh, no. Maybe he had hoof and mouth. Research, rose fat is an organ. I want to dwell on that because it's just amazing. A lot of us fat people never realize we had such a humongous organ. The only problem being when you squeeze it at hurts. Oh, like Pavel said president George. See, I'll take these one at a time because I think it's great to start off. It's not really like a new year except in the Arabic calendar or something. It must be some calendar. Everybody's got a different calendar. Just like a different Bible. All the baloney. All the hoax, pocus. Here's my anyway. What is this? Good. What do you say? What do you say? Pick it up. That's him again. Why do you keep putting the same asshole on your spot? He called on a different line. Oh, yeah. Ha ha ha ha. They called on a different line. Like these people pick and choose what line they call on. It must be magic. You better show a scot. You better draw him a diaphragm. Okay? And show where to stick it. Here's Miami on the floor. Hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yeah. New and good in pictures. What about the dolphins man? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You're supposed to be dolphin fans. Okay. Don't worry about my favorites. They stuck the joint out. Like I just said moments ago. Are you assholes out there? It's a hell of a lot better to lose lapsided if you're going to play a Stinko game to what's like a real team. You know, a team that's been around for a hell of a long time as opposed to a girl's expansion team that you were favored to beat by about 80 by how many points. Do you call that third man? What was she going to say? You call that a peanut? Yeah Jay. You call that a penis? But on a Patriot sucks. It's trying to deflect the attention from the fact that your team got embarrassed and humiliated and degraded by a little girl's team. And if the herk who was with him made that, I get it. Come back, sir. You know as well as I do, there'd be somebody calling mad dog that I said. Are we cursed out here, Jim? Are we cursed? As long as I live that call, that was the, I would say if I had to choose the Forget about the bridge tender, the most memorable call in his B of Q.A.M. It wasn't on this show, but it was drive it home one day. And listen to the mad dog and it was after the after that big euphoric weekend when a hurricane's beat F as you I think was and then the dolphins beat the whoever. The next day. And one of the big games of the year, the guy calls up on Monday. Jim, aren't we blessed down here? Aren't we blessed? Should be framed. You should be framed because that was the definitive sports hole of all time. In other words, you're area where you live, you're community, you're city, you're metropolitan, whatever. It's all great at based on whether you're a sports team's winner loose. That's the, that's the problem with QA and the world in general right there at that guy. Are we blessed down here? 1027 at 560 WQM VIP Sportsbook dot com a software as best sportsbook it's the best in the universe. And of course, now that football season's underway, everybody in their brother, Herman, the station. You got 7,000 sportsbooks all claiming to be the best, but 99% of these bookies are located in the jungles of Costa Rica or in some tenth world country. Good luck finding them and getting your cash. This year, do the smart thing and move up and class to VIP Sportsbook dot com, do the oldest and biggest sportsbook and they prestigious Netherlands where everybody's thrown out of their ass. 100% legal and license too. Listen to me call VIP Sportsbook dot com right now at 1-866. VIP bets because their softflow does best sportsbook. Sign up now and you can bet all the softflow to football and basketball frames, juice free all year long. You want to bet the dolphins? It's 100 to 100. Good luck to you. You want to bet the hurricanes? It's 100 to 100. So forget about the vigorous. All signups get a 20% cash bonus. Not some silly funny money match play bonus or any other BS. VIP Sportsbook dot com. That's where you find a online or column tool free at 1-866 VIP bets. That's 1-866 VIP bets. And you bet to be sure you're much in your head about it here on crusty sports nerdy QAM. VIP Sportsbook dot com where you be the VIP. My life and look all this is sports video by 60. You're a good guy. I guess good friend and good guy Arnold Schwarzenegger. Take a call when a peg man a toba hello. Hi Arnold how are you? Terrific thank you. Do you still believe kids and adults should exercise regularly? No research was done and you found out that it is actually paid for your health and now of course and traveling around the country telling all the high school kids don't take fitness program. Columbus Ohio with Arnold Schwarzenegger hello. Hi Arnold I was wondering how far you went school. Well a seven year old kid in school. The elementary school. Oh. How high can you tell? Fifteen or twenty. Well. Lancaster Pennsylvania with Arnold Schwarzenegger hello. I know both my parents work so I'm home alone a lot. What should I do when I get bored? Take drugs. Seriously? Oh yes. What kind of pot? Okay. Well we have to work to this a permanent high. When you do it in the morning I think the secret release is when you're soon as you roll out of bed through your pot and you will feel great to rest of the kids. Never a long way you don't feel better after them before. That's right. You're the best. Thank you very much Larry. Temperatured you wanted five six to WQAM. So anyway here's the I got another one for our poll today which I haven't even told him the question yet. Never the last it's up. The prisoner. Oh very good. Is that a good one? Sure. Patrick McGooen. That's what I felt like the last revelation the vermars showed up in Toronto and I want to answer my phone. The prisoner. Anyway I get back to the story that I never finished which is really good. President George W. Bush's job performance ratings have reached the lowest points since his pre- inauguration days. Continuing a steady decline since his post 911 peak according to the new dog the American poll. Less than half 45% of the respondents and they waited his job performance good or excellent while a majority 54% said it was fair or poor. Let me say it again poor or fair. In August it was 52% positive 48% negative. In other words those numbers are dropping like a rock. Today's results mark the first time a majority of likely voters are given the president an unpaid roll drop for parents since he took office. How do you like that? A majority 52% said it's time for someone new in the White House while just 2 and 5 40% said the president deserved to be reelected. A likely number, a like number 52% said the country is heading in the wrong direction about 40% said it's in the right direction. I wonder if they meant the far right direction. The right. Over all opinion of president the Bush has looked to 54% favorable 40% 45% unfavorable down 4% from August. Dropping like I said like a rock and here's one of the most important parts just 2 and 5 40% said they would choose Bush if the election were held today while 47% said they would elect a democratic candidate. Oh, I do like that. In August it was 43.43 against any generic democrat. In the same pool democratic primary voters give a plural. This is likely democratic primary voters give a plural to their support to former governor of Vermont Howard Dean 16%. He's followed by Massachusetts Senator John Kerry 13% Connecticut Senator the anxious right wing silly person, Julie, or 12% and Missouri Congressman dick give heart a percent nobody else had more than 3%. I think it's time for Bobby Grim to drop out though. I say that you know, sadly. Sorry, Bobby, but nobody who knows who the hell you are okay. They've very nervous about your shift the BDIs even though you've done good. You've been good, but nobody likes you. Okay, so I think it's time for some of the losers to drop out. Well, there he is. We'll take time and a quarter. Oh, I wanted to hear what he was saying. He was like, mylting you know, he's just the mounting with a big, but those double ears flopping in the breathe. He just wants 87 billion more if I have Afghanistan and Iraq. No problem. I got to check. Here's a call from Western. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Neil. This could be our first real call of the day. That's a momentous occasion. Yes. Okay. Great. I just extremely jealous to where you are sitting right now, the area where you're at, because I'm in this God darn, crummy police state. Let me tell you something. Yes. Tell me something. Living in South Florida is literally taking your life in your own hands. And I'm not talking about the criminals, Neil. There's an organization called the BSO. Yeah. They must hire from the test pools of the world. And I hope I hope they're listening right now. You know, the ones that treat people with disrespect. They're just supposed to serve the people. But you know what they do? They're out there just looking to have a little bit of power because they never had it to hold lives. Do you mean in the BSO? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Don't I talk about that story about to be part that showed the words, Faggot, isn't it? We got on our website, aren't you? Neil, I've got an interaction with these people throughout my life. You know, and I'm not a lawyer, career criminal or anything like that. I'm a amateur criminal. Yeah, amateur criminal. Spock the case guy. I know guys in the comments. Probably this, you know, picks pockets and, uh, Grey, rape the few, no, no, but the only thing is listed. Shop it. They stay fine to have the joint, the quarter joint. What, what, what inspired this sir? I got that idea. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, well, what inspired this out first, or did you have some recent episode or something or is this going to happen? I thought it's the episode, not exactly recently, but they always stick in my mind because listening to me live in Western. They're on every corner with their little radar gun. They're just, they're just, they're on the bunch of animals. I mean, you guys are worse than the criminals. And I hope you all are listening. I don't like the people like their human. No, I'm not going to happen. Like they would like to be treated. Not going to happen, pal. Listen, good luck to you and move to someplace you like, but that's my suggestion. What was he talking about? He don't like to be a person. But it's a good lead into this story, which he didn't want to work knowledge. The Broward's shop, uh, shoppers' office. Huh? I'm just, listen, it's Monday. What do you want from me? The Broward's Sheriff's Office wants an internal investigation this week. After officials learned that a gayslure appeared on a police report and by community service aid march, this was in Saturday's Sun Sentinel, so it might be true. Community Service aid Susan Jones prepared a DUI alcohol influence report. In which the word Faggot appeared next to a question asking whether defendant Rudy Rodriguez showed the signs or complaint of illness or injury. Sheriff's Office spokeswoman Sheryl Stopnik said her department learned about this slur. When the South Dakota Sun Sentinel inquired about it, investigate this from the professional compliance division began looking into the case. There's a morning to find out why this epithet was included in a written report, she said. Stocking said the Sheriff's Office is trying to figure out what the Jones wrote to slur. She said Rodriguez and his attorney should have filed a complaint with the Sheriff's Office. When Jones prepared the sign to report deputy Gary Martin who conducted the field sobriety test on Rodriguez, probably want to George's relatives, who had arrested him also signed the document. How many thousand Rodriguez's are there just in the Broward County? About 30 minutes. Joel Beck Rodriguez attorney said he obtained the police reports in June from the state attorney's office, while preparing an affentor as clienty said he didn't notice the slur tells the lie 25thly he was about to conduct a sworn deposition with Martin a defamed and slided my client, except Thursday, it has no purpose in his document. How do you like that? I don't like it. He writes, Faggot in the police report. And it goes on and on to our website. That's the BS for you. Post they bunch her right next. Like the end of course it's not only the BS, it's most of police forces in the US. It's a deputy roof is it's that simile cramp. Hip hop executive identified as shooting victim at mornings, Miami Barbershop. How come Ferrell wasn't even aware of this story? You better get with it. But it's right for God itself for a people die on every day. Get in shot all these things. By the way, Warren Zvandod, we'll get to all the dead people in a second. Here's our poll question for today before we get the end of this other stuff. I like this poll question. I like my poll. Who is the greatest fictional character in movies or TV? And I'll see when you say greatest, I'm not talking about who's your favorite. But who is the greatest meaning like most lasting, you know what I'm talking about? Most powerful, most dynamic, most exciting, most erotic, most whatever. You know, biggest and the best. Here's the list so far. James Bond. Superman. Sherlock Holmes. See Sherlock Holmes won't get a lot of votes, but he really ought to definitely be in the running. Because it's a, you know, it's a, it's a time thing. It's an era thing. It's an age thing. Batman. Indiana Jones. Darth Vader. Mad Max. And then I added the prisoner on that. That's what we got so far. Is it on there? Are we, uh, yeah, we're talking. It's cooking. It is. It's cooking. I don't know who I'm going to vote for. It was tough. I'm voting for Sherlock Holmes just because nobody else will. Because there are a bunch of punks. Most of them and they have no idea who the hell I'm even is. I'll learn that James Bond is leading Kinovel of the first 29 votes. So there it is. Well, that's a whole bunch more names on that. But first a soft load or record label executive and another man fatally shot by a group of Hooded gunmen at a barber shop that's cool and by former mommy heets star Alonza morning police said. The victims had just finished getting their haircuts Saturday when three or four gunmen ended the shop and open fire. The Harold reported that the victims were Alexander Bernard Harris 33 of Pemberpinds. Oh, of the hip hop labels Zeela Entertainment and a companion Todd Green 28 of Northwest Aid County. Both were shot in the head. It seems like a message. Mimey police Lieutenant Lorenzo Whitehead said, Whitehead said the men were not robbed of their watches are rings. No one else in the shop. I'll fill out a hip hop people getting shot and killed you know what? Coincidence. Yeah, it must be. No one else in the shop was injured including a one year old child who was with one of the victims. Jesus. One of the victims was shot inside the barber shop. The other was just shot just outside the establishment. The police spokeswoman Amy Salas Jacobs in Schwartz said, Mimey police chief John Timoni did climb to come in and a possible motive in the case. He said the assailants did not take any variables from the victim or money from the cash register. It wasn't robbery. I can tell you that. It seemed like what was the word they used again? It seemed like a message. Every he's been sent Joey Zazza's going to send him a message. So maybe Joey Zazza has something to do with it. He's still running at Pomp and a park by the way. And while he hennies he's beaten him the hell out of money outside. Do you have any idea what I'm talking about? No. It's good. Twenty before 11. How come Jackie Mogad? How do you know how to get all of us out of here? It would be in Mogad. Jackie Mogad. I thought you got to know. Is that what they say? That's what what's his name said. Two things brought you into a Jackie Lee used to say. Of course, every driver in the race was Jackie Mogad when he got old in the signal. You know? So all he did know was Jackie Mogad. So all you kids out there that are skipping school and playing Hokie and Hokie and Hokie today. Keep in mind. Two things. All you got to know is Jackie Mogad. And the and the toes you step on today might be attached to the ass you have to kiss. Bracom Sunday. I love that. There's told me by a wise philosopher. 19 to 11 at five 60 WQM and this copy boy speaking of why it did Troy Stratford show his ballpark We hit there today. He walked through. Yeah. Probably got out of the real quick though. Yeah. Because of his association with the dolphins. I'd be embarrassed to after losing to a girl's team yesterday. I don't know if he's going to be a little girl's team. Oh my god. How embarrassing. Anyway, speaking of Troy, let's talk about balance for life. How's the beast doing? Is he going to weigh in this week? Oh, that's a good question. I haven't seen him here because we know that he's working out a lot because parents told me when and out they both work out. They work it out together. But he's lost a ton of weight on balance for life and you can do the same thing. See one of the reasons it's so difficult even if you're on a lot of the so called expert dice. I don't want mentioning names. But a lot of them required to count calories or current carbohydrates or look at the ingredients on labels of the stuff you buy on the store. And most people just don't have the time and inclination to do that. But with balance for life, there's no cooking, no shopping, no clean and no counting, no worries. You don't have to worry about calories or carbs. I do all day with figuring and the worrying for you. It's all based on very serious zone diet. And they deliver right here. Dole. Three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks. Write it your doorstep by six a.m. every day in a little black sack. And that's the key to the whole deal. Funny if food is fresh. It's delicious. They make gourmet meals for you get to choose between two alternatives. Reach meal and snack every day that you're on a program. That's the only thing you have to worry about on the rest of the dole just unzip it and the sack too. And pop that good stuff in your post. And believe me, these meals are tremendous. Everything is fresh. Nothing frozen. Nothing prefabricated. No chemicals. Just the best ingredients and delicious meals every day. So if you're tired of being fat. If you're tired of having a biggest organ around your middle. If you're out of shape, the third you dive at it. Run a verge of it. Let balance for life. You need the answers. The solution you've been searching desperately for for a long time. Call on today. And you'll start seeing results on at scale within just a matter of days. Call 9-5-4-5-6-8-3-2-29. 9-5-4-5-6-8-3-2-29. Or check them on at wicked worldwide web at balanceforlife.com. And look. This is for 3-5-6-4-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-8. Just the Bible. If you like the book, you'll love the board game. Introducing Go to Hell from Milton Bradley. The board game that tests your faith in God while challenging your knowledge of biblical court. Okay, everybody ready? Yeah, go ahead. Alright, first question. The meek shall inherit the blend. Let wear. Now pattern ball of death. The meek shall inherit the earth. Right! You move ahead five spaces. You want a guy's go to hell. Go to hell. The exciting game where you win by forming a deep personal relationship with God before the timer runs out. Okay. On the seventh day, God did what? I got off. He went to one of those on you. Can he scratch places? I want to be just put it around. Run! All of you go to hell. It was a good book. But now it's a great game. Go to hell. The biblical board game from Milton Bradley. Okay, it was inspired. Don't want to be forget. I want to tell you about a great pull idea just hand. Okay. It's inspired by the guy who was screaming about the BS. Oh! I don't want to read this facts, was it's great. Says I have the hands down when you're for your pull. I'm not putting these on there, but it's a great facts. But can't decide between the two. God or Jesus Christ. They've been in Tanya movies in the subject lot of TV shows purely fictional characters who have the attention of billions of morons. That's maybe the best facts they've had so far today. For all year, Jesus Christ. Right. And of course. Oh, God. Now we get to this facts. Oh boy, what a bunch of silly people. You know? I didn't even see it. I don't watch any of that game yesterday. Did you? Yeah, I did. That was at a bar. This is one of the most incredible days in the history of the human race. George Rodriguez actually watched some of the dolphins game this day. You must have put the hats on them. That's why they lost. Let me tell you what. If there had been an angle that I could have sat at. And now seeing any of the game, I would have sat face direction. But there was a TV and a TV and in front of every post. Right. So then you got a good chance to close up you will watch an AJ through that Quailer near the end of the game. I didn't see that through that dying Quail. Anyway, here's the fact. It says, not that I love J. Feadler. So I know this fact isn't from all because he just loves J. Feadler and his lovely smooth ass. But you sound like the way Lucas fans here were go. I'll see first of all keep this in mind. I'm not a dolphin fan at all, okay? I hate him like poison. It says, J didn't lose that game alone. At least he put up some points. But the terrific mommy defense laid down. There were so many mistakes in our great corners. Couldn't even cover work he playing his first NFL ever. So our offense was pulled back from the 15 yard penalties. The whole team's dunk. Okay. But let's, uh, you got to pick on one guy either. It's got to be the day once that AJ Feadler and the whole defense and everybody else. Hey, stunk. It's basically what it boils down to. When you say, I made you stop part of it. And the words are a great philosopher. Hey, stunk. Yeah. Oh, by the way, that mentioned I had a great meal at the Ruth Chris without the room or serity night. Not enough. What a pleasure to go to dinner with a good friend and not have to worry about him taking along a whole family. I've had a lot of fun with the people who are watching the videos. I've been expecting me to whip up my plan and card and pay thousands of dollars when I'm sitting there eating one guy damn steak. I mean, you know, it's a little old rimmer. Okay. A little old and still see they are listening on the internet right now. Remember when I found rang on Friday morning right after I was writing and raving about. Don't call me. I'll call you all that other stuff. And the phone right was him. That goes to show you what lifeless people we're talking about. They listen. They're obsessed with this radio station. They hate you, but they can tell me everything you say on the ear when you're on. They hate Mo. But they can tell me, oh well, I just had my Sony walk in on this morning and Mo was ripping you and asked, you know, See how I want to hear about that. No, Mo. I, and when I'm done with the show, I know it comes as a great shot to you, but other than getting my bedtime stories and email them there, which by the way, nice job Eric Eric's great. We never realized it till this moment, but Eric's great. But I don't want to hear about QAM. No, no, no, no, no, no. Absolutely. You're saying no. Absolutely. No, no. So just lean me along. I don't think about it, you know? And it will give me two lifether. I'll have a lot better. Now my idea for the poll, maybe we'll do it tomorrow. Which software to police force is the most fascist or I don't know how you want to Word to you, I'm saying? That's a great idea. I want you to think it. Thank you very much, sir, for your rant about the BS. That was good. I'm not saying that all cops are bad. We got a lot of really good cops. The good ones listen to the show and they like it. The bad ones listen to the show and they hate it. They all listen to it. Yeah. Every cop and tell listen to this show. Thank goodness, most of the ones who listen to good ones are the ones that stop me for a speeding or whatever on high. So far. Seriously. I'm trying to take care of. I ever had a ticket on high. It's in a speed tramp between Brown and sunrise. I don't think so. No, no. Pretty sure not. I haven't gotten to take it since my radar detector since I started using that. But you know where I'm talking about. I hate this. Were they high behind the bushes and there's like that little shed there, you know? They're full of shed. And they'd like come whipping out out of nowhere. The speed limit's got to be raised on that street. If there's one project we got to complete before I lay my microphone down. Get the speed limit or raise the 45 on hate is you got to crawl along your grum. Come to work in a morning when I'm down there. And I'm headed toward 5.95 and you just creep it along because you know that it's a speed trip. And some asshole behind you's like, bear a lasso and run up on your ass. Could he figure out where you're going. So damn slow. Especially in your expensive guy damn corvette. Yeah. Hey, I'm sorry, man. I don't want to have no more tickets. I want to be able to get my wife her 90. I want to be able to get my six year renewal in the mail. You must have given away that radar detector I gave you. You give me a radar detector? Yeah, a few years ago. Get out of here. To, I did. Most of the stuff you give me. I haven't given away. I know. In fact, I've told this moment I was never going to let on you. I know. What? What? You have everything anyway. So I know you give most of the money. You give me that nifty little. No, I actually didn't give away that little portable TV. Remember you're giving that? Right. It's just sitting somewhere there. I mean, were I going to use that? I mean, the charge gives really neat, really sensational presence. But I don't know. Like, you're a nice DVD player. Yeah. A couple of years ago. Two and one. You use that one? No. I hooked it up. But then the problem was it wouldn't. I couldn't get. See, this is the first time George is here in his. I couldn't get a working with my team because I got all the satellite dishes and all that stuff in there. It just, yeah. I just didn't have enough inputs and outputs in up your nose. And so I gave it away. Okay. But I recently bought another one. No, you'll be pleased to know that. I had a little switcher box. Right. In addition to which that was before I was really into DVDs. I, I don't know. I'm a little slow on it. Like most things. I'm not worried about it. Something's very fast on you'd be amazed. But on that, I'm pretty slow. It's the thought that counts. Right. No, seriously. I thought that I didn't appreciate it. It don't take it wrong. I gave it to my friend Dave. Who's a good friend. He's a good guy. You know, Dave. And he, you know, he free loads. Whatever stuff that I don't want. He just, he just requisitions it. You know, like what I got going here at the station. Exactly. Whatever isn't tied down. It winds up in your house. That's a hell of a good idea. Yeah, let's do it that way. Like the TV that time at IOT. Remember that? No. Don't you remember that? Oh, that TV. Yeah. I didn't take what TV from IOT. But I remember somebody. Yeah, we had a little bit of a nose problem. I don't want to mention no names. Yeah. A little bit of a. And he would come in here on a weekend and stuff. It was kind of like, disappear briefly. You know, kind of like Harry and Requiem for dreams. Right. Yeah. That mumble man, that mouth-reeding asshole of Scott Pussin' on one more time. I'm going to personally talk. Parents make sure he doesn't get paid. Okay. He's just, I mean, talk about out of control. Whatever he is. I don't know what he is. I don't know. Anyway, we got a bunch of dead people. Don't let me forget that pool. I don't know how you're word it to. Oh, there's Andy Roddick. Yeah. Andy Roddick is, uh, he's got some of the most bizarre fate. He's like Jim Kiery. You know what I mean? I mean, we're like kind of like the plastic man facing. He's the most bizarre expert. Like there. He just got the winning point to when he was open. And he's like, you that. But he's really, uh, pretty damn good. Nice. Great. He just, uh, a few days over 21. When he was open, he lives in Boca. He's doing Mandy Moore's his girlfriend. And everybody loves Andy Roddick. Right. Okay. What's not to like? Right. Who? Come on. You know who Andy Roddick is at least, right? No. Okay. He plays a poker. Okay. He pokes her a lot. Who is the greatest fictional character in movies or TV? That's our pool question. We got 77 votes in her course. There's going to be a lot more choices on there. So a lot of people are like holding back. They're laying out. James Bond 32 Superman 11. Sherlock Holmes has got 10. Can you believe that? There you go. Now they must just be suffocating. Mayors to do that. Do you think we've got a lot of old codgers, maybe? Darth Vader, you don't have to be old to like Sherlock Holmes. You don't like Sherlock Holmes? I can find. But I'm old. Can you see like the original, the greatest with basketball, Mathbone and Nigel Bruce? Like I was telling you this morning, channel six. He's to run all those old movies. Plus he was a drug addict. So you oughta like him. Sure. We're eight. Hidden Bella Legosi. Help me Sherlock. Help me. You couldn't get a hold of Eddie Souse. Come Sherlock. It's from Edith. What a shame Edward. It's such great promise. Darth Vader has come on. This thing is changing on me again. And it's very slow. Oh, like I said, I'll give you a results momentarily. Okay, here it is. Darth Vader 8. That is funny. But about Robin. Can we put right now? See, but that'll get a bunch of purverts in there. Only like Robin because he had those green tights with a killboss. I mean, Robin a lot. Mad Max 6, Indiana Jones 3, and only for the prisoner, Patrick McGooen. See, the prisoner's a little bit too cultish, you know what I mean? Esoteric. Little too esoteric for this franny crowd. Yeah. Plus it was, it wasn't really a British series? Yes, it was. Uh-huh. Boy Gary gave me the entire series on tape. That board Gary, he was the best asshole. Remember that to give me the whole prisoner series on the video tape? No, I don't remember that. Well, that was something nice. You didn't think of anything else besides leave, and then you tried to sue the company because they fired his ass because he really thought he had a job for life, and he really believed it. Oh, my God. Was he dumb or what? He sued because you said that thing's about it. Yeah, and that's true. They always drove me in there too. Just didn't have to talk about it. But who is that? It's just because he's a prick, you know. Singer songwriter Warren Zeevon dies. Oh, they've been coming. We didn't. You're right. Didn't talk too much about Charles Bronson last week. Right. Now, uh, 10th of midnight. Wasn't that one of the really good movies he was in? You know what? That's, you forgot all about that movie. That was a good movie. That was a great movie. I loved it. They had the no, like, show down there in the street. Very tense. But at any rate, uh, Charles Bronson was just a rugged. You know, why always confuse him with, and I know this will seem really bizarre. Check palettes. No, no, no, no. He looked a little bit like him. Uh, Robert Blake. Same kind of, I don't know. Boy, yeah. The same kind of deal. You know, I don't know what it is. Maybe it was. They were just contemporaries. They seemed to look a little bit like, I don't know. Of course, Charles Bronson never shot his wife or had anybody do it. And maybe Robert Blake didn't need their all the way. George hopes off. George is pulling the he's guilty. Just, uh, oh, I know. I know. He's guilty. Because the bitch had a comment. She did have a comment. Warren Zeevon who wrote and sang the rocket. Warroll. Oh, I just on the Kenzie died too. Oh, I broke a bride and I know who that was. From your hit parade. Maybe your hit parade. Dorothy Collins Russell. The arms, snooky, lancen and. Cr...uh, what the hell's the name? She saw my kids. For a block to you by lucky strike. Yeah, those were the great days. Now, we know what America started turning to cramp when they started when they banned cigarette advertising on TV. I mean, I'm not suggesting you should be smoking cigarettes because those packets will kill you. Which guess what? That's why she died, I think. Where's the story? Oh, no, she got a colon cancer. Who the hell was the one that just died of? Oh, it was the Warren Zeevon. A lifelong smokeer until quitting server years ago. He was diagnosed with terminal lung cancer. It was given only a few months to live on September 2002 when he was on with Letterman. He spent much of that time visiting with his two grown children working on a final album. He was 56. Only 56 Warren Zeevon is dead. Oh, he saw McKenzie Charles Brotsson Warren Zeevon. Wow. It's getting nasty, you know it. Get pretty goddamn dangerous. I got a great story about the city of Santa Cruz, California. Tomorrow's a moment to stay is they look into impeaching El President. Live at the local of these species, five-si-sixies. Where are you though, you're a... A QA in! Wanna bang in the butt, honey? Okay! When summer rolls around, there's nothing I like more than sitting on the front porch with a nascoe glass or country and moment lemonade. Now, the thing they could make it better would be a pretty little girl sitting next to me. No way to sicker. I pretty little naked girl. Yeah, that's what I meant. No, no wait. A pretty little naked girl who puts her hand on my thigh and starts rubbing real gentle like it. No, no, no, I got it. A pretty little naked girl rubbing my thigh, caulking dirty in my air. Those down the porch and has her way with me. Yeah, yeah, that's it. She just starts pounding me man, riding the hog, screaming dirty. Oh, screaming dirty baby, dammit. Give it to mama. Yeah. Oh. Oh, forget the damn lemonade man. Just give me a naked girl. Come on. I need for a ride. New Traffers gave a question mark you're saying on CNN. They say they got an informant who said he didn't kill that moxley bitch. Yeah, sure. You like that. I say leave him in there. Okay, just to piss off the chemines. Okay. See Jane, who's one of our chronic fractures in a real sweetheart. She doesn't get it. Oh, by the way, she points out tomorrow 5 p.m. Press an emotionally busy for a lot of day. Let's pair 66 protests are planned. And you were telling me to protest in Hollywood over the weekend. No press. No coverage. Nobody knows about it. Not before the fact. No after it's done. And they say, oh, whatever. Only 40 people there is because nobody knew about it. Anyway, it says I don't know if you already have him. But Rick and Casablanca see Jane, you don't understand. The greatest fictional character is somebody. I mean, was there a follow up with there a sequel? No. Was there like Rick and any other movie with Humphrey Bogart? No. Right? Right. So that does that qualify? No. No, Jane. You were right. There were people who don't get it. We're not asking what was the best role in the history of movies. Just like a one-time role. We're asking who's the greatest fictional character in movies or TV. And so the next fancy set me Archie Bunker is sensational. Right. That's great. Nobody don't like no Archie Bunker. So that's not all right. See how they get it? Poor Jane. Jane's great, but you know, he can't be perfect. Jane, thanks to the info about the approach. That's at Pyrr 66. You ever eat at Pyrr 66? Nope. I think I did with Bob Neill. Bring it from Cox Broadcasting. Yes, I had lunch there one day and he was asking me my thoughts. And of course, whatever I told him, they did the opposite. That was back when we were getting ready to can Mike Reniri, Western piece. And I said, don't mess with success. Don't be putting a bunch of news crap under. And they fired poor Mikey and they stuck Chuck Myron there with that awful, awful, terminal boring show. And I wouldn't have been a success if I would have supported it better. Hey, a lot of work went into that show. Don't forget if you're in radio and you ever happen to come along and work on this station that I'm on and you failed it. I'm always there for you to blame. I'll be discreet code. It's always Neill's fault. To most of that Chuck Myron failed because of it. Moe failed because of me. That's a loser. Can I just be more supportive of the molemeister? Here's a call from Kendall. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. This team is off for some kind of vengeance. Who'd have? Blow it out, yeah. Well, I did it earlier. What? I love it. I can't begin to describe you the emotionally sexual excitement I get. The tingling in my com's finger. Just knowing how psychotic I'm. It's one thing to lose the opener. They usually don't do days. We get off to that fast bogus start. And they suck everybody. And oh, this is the year. And then of course they collapse like a house. They're like a deck of cards. But to lose to a little girl's deep. In fact, muffled me before the game that he didn't even bother going or I'd be for the show. They hit him bother going because he thought it was a it was a slam dunk. It's a quote him a slam think. Which is what he does a lot from what I'm hearing. But you ready for that? He didn't go because he thought it were they were foregone conclusion. Even George was shocked and amazed. Yep. And probably please. Because he saw. Oh, Wonder Woman's good. Wonder Woman. I'm going to have to play birds in Mary just so I don't want to play the whole thing. Okay. If I do love that. I do love that. I do love that. George is Mary. George is Mary. George is Mary. That's enough. So Wonder Woman we had on there. There this will be a lengthy list. There's a lot of good choices. Then you know. Just just keep reading the question again and think of these significance. Somebody that really like means something. Somebody who's had a lasting power. Right. Right. Famous. Like famous. And the character we need and interesting and whatever all of these things. Do they really? Are you interrupting you? No. Who is the greatest yes you are? Who's the grand you know Scott has said squat yet so far because he's told me then until he gets paid he's not speaking. The parents come in there yet to take care of this goddamn clearance. If he would spend at least 15 minutes out of the obese orphan is one just one day a week. We get some crap done. And don't forget by the way, this Wednesday is payday for some of us the 10th of September. I just mentioned that in passing clearance. He probably didn't listen but my muffless and his muff gets paid as soon as office and listen and go. Pat people on the head. Check in. Everything okay. Now four miars on nine. Is it possible that could be really impossible. Highly unlikely. Here's four miles. Hello. Four miles. Yeah probably was really from four miles because there's stupid enough. 560. 560. Here's a call from highly. Hello. If you're stuck. No. Ah. Sock this. Here's Miami. Hello. Me. I got the one. Yeah. So. So. Dracula is good. And of course, Dracula was just a it was a one time movie but the character we Kurt like 80's in the times in the the bride of Dracula and the bride of for ghost of Frankenstein and your mama. Well the new one the Francis Ford cocktail at that's the one to watch. Franklin Jella. No. No. Gary Oldham. Gary Oldham. Gary Oldham. That's that's very. Uh, that's the one to watch. Yeah. As opposed to Bella Lagosia we're going to have this idiotic argument again. It's getting pretty pondress man. Alright. Then let's argue. Career versus hashikus going to win the cup. Yeah. Again out of here. Doh hockey talk. Okay. If you want hockey talk. We'll give you a remorse phone number. Okay. Standard of very very expensive hotel. Most expensive one in downtown Toronto. Got to want some extra free meals. Got to help me lose all of that money with his good close personal golfing buddy. Mitch Hirsch. Go away. Remember like I said. Don't go away. Mad just go away. Please fast soon. Here's Pompano. Hello. Yes sir. Okay. Somebody just beat me to Dracula but I have another one in my wallet. We got that on there by the way. Dracula. We're not seeing which one. We're not narrowing it down to who played it because we could do that with that. It's just too pondress. But both of Michael Corley on there. You could put on there. That's three movies. You know. I guess he went around for a while. Yeah. He was in all three of them. Oh yeah. And you know it's the funny thing. I've just changed his subject. I didn't watch the president to let him dress less nice. But I did reach some articles about it. Yeah. The only question is, you know, where's all this money going to come from? To your pocket and mine. Even though then what programs are they going to take it away from? I mean, we're not going to make the call. I think what we're going to do is probably close down all the public schools. Yeah. You know, these just to tax breaks are going out. They're going to be made permanent. So the opinion is right. And apparently the money they want to amlock for Iraq is greater than what they want to donate to public education. I mean, where we headed to? This is, I mean, talent and hand basket. It's really, But you see the good part of is though his is a approval number. And this is just like Papa likes son. The mall is a graph and like a rock. He is right now. The election work today. He would have no chance to get him reelected. You know, it's the same thing. I mean, they're truly. You know, You know, You know, You know, You know, You know, You know, You know, You know, You know, You know, You know, You don't even want to peer from an camera anymore. Any other people that work from it. Bottom or just drop it out. I mean, you know, I shall ask Christine Todd Whitman is left to me. Who's next? And maybe maybe next will be kind of Lisa. Yeah. Oh, She was, She was being interviewed. Yes, that I forget by who, but she just, She just was freezing up. She couldn't answer me. It's not telling any of it. We could agree that I kept hearing that son that he's the out for our. Yeah. Yeah. She was talking. I was asking so much. There you go. Have you ever read that? All the things you're looking up. Okay. Keep your chin up. Isn't Ricky likes to say keep your chin up. I think I should play the original one. All right. But here's the fact that's at least once. Here's the fact that says, Put shaft on your list says Tina from Northgate community college. No. There's no chance. The shaft qualifying. No. I'm not even sure that Indiana Jones qualifies. How many of those movies were there? About three to me. Huh? Three to four. Yeah. I don't know whether he belongs on or not. Oh, I do like that song by R.D. and Taylor Indiana wants me. Every time I take it, the name of that movie, which I never saw any of those because it's basically a movie for kids, right? Indiana Jones. That's pretty much. And your doomed and temple. Isn't that what J.F. E.L.S. said? He was doomed and temple. The rabbi put a curse a hex on him. That's why he threw that quail Earth into the game. I don't want you people to feel bad all you silly dolphin jibble. You should be concentrating on a marlins now. Okay. Marlins. Game behind a fillet for the wild card. I have one hell of a season. Like 10 or 11 games over 500. The freaking marlins. And what are they worried about? Oh, the fish. The fish. Well, marlins are a fish. Never had no appetite for a fish by self. The smell. I just can't get near it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon wireless line. Four-later day, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. You mentioned the prisoner. And I agree with that 100%. But what you're going to put the prisoner on the list. You have to put John Drake on the list. Who was the secret agent in the series that was the precursor for the prisoner. Well, he came out and England has danger man. Right. You don't have to. The prisoner doesn't really belong on there. Well, the thing is, but vote. You know what I mean? Yes, sure. But secret agent was a half hour series that ran a lot longer than a prison. If we did a poll, we said, who was your favorite fictional character? Which I think we've done that. And we can do that again. Then these people belong on there. But they say, who is the greatest fictional character ever in movies or TV? Even to put the prisoner on there is like, it's just being gratuitous for a group of that. That's it. Which I love the series. I think we should take that off. George? Yeah, you're right. I was actually going to even call him up to suggest that he be on the list. I was just saying that there was a series called secret agent that was actually. And there was the Song by Johnny River secret agent man. That was the scene to the song as a series. Right. Absolutely correct sir. And now as far as the vote for, and I don't know whether this would qualify. But I put Thomas Anderson on the list, who is Neo from the Matrix. And as of November, there will be a third movie. So I would think that would qualify. Although you did put a limitation within the Anna Jones which. Yeah, it's I'm, I'll leave a new idea. I don't want to put too many. I would have been like two or three movies. That's not. I mean, how do you compare that with Batman and with your Sherlock Holmes. Superman, Batman, Batman, Batman. Well, you would just, how many different Superman's that have been over the years? About a good man. I'm including a lovely time welling. Why don't you mention this one? How about Tarzan? Tarzan is good? Tarzan is good? Yeah. He's a real swinger. Thanks a lot, Palin. Have a great day. Yeah, what's wrong with Tarzan? Okay. Not the Johnny Weiss Muller one anyway. I don't know. I'm trying to think there was, there was a Jewish guy that played Tarzan once. Run Eli. Very good. Oh my god. I can't believe that. Didn't he go to Eli high down there with Eli Wallik? 12 minutes. Oh, I sure hope not. Hey, another canole. Come on. Eli, another canole. Just to be sure. Boy, you eat it. You're so skinny. And then she, I love, seriously, that was a very erotic thing that Connie didn't that movie. She liked tongue. She tongue the edge of the canole. And just lick the cream off the edge. Oh my god. You can't say that on the air, can you? No. Okay. We won't say it again. She just liked suck the 11. 13 at 5. 60. WQAM. If you're underpaid, overworked under appreciate. In other words, if you're in a really crappy job. And your sick and tired living like some kind of a smuck. How would you love to have a new high pain career before the years end? This call are good friends at fast train. 1, 8, 6, 6, fast train. mentioned Todd Rector probably hang up on you immediately. Fast-ranking heavy train in certified before years end. The demand for computer professionals is still growing like topsy. There's no end in sight. So there's no better time right then right now to get you a new high pain career in the computer field. Start making a big fat paycheck and ending starts smoking a big fat one too. Fast-ranking offers job placement assistance. Convenient to eating weekend schedules. And there are six floor to locations now including four and south-floor so there's bottom to be one convenient by where you are. Free and offers you financial assistance to people who qualify. So if you're tired of being in a dead end job and looking at a very measly paycheck, if you're scripted and scraped and just to get by call fast train today and get yourself under road to a real career and paycheck. Call 1, 8, 6, 6, fast train or check them out on the web at fast-train.com and then call that toll free number. Get all the details. 1, 8, 6, fast train. Let your phone go! We are sports right here at WIF suff. Juli M The exploding balls. In 1984 the nightmare began in 2003 the two legends we need face to face. Freddy. Xubye Beloved. Fat young man Woohoo! Versus! Oh! That's the... Oh! What the... What the... What the... Oh! It's evil versus evil versus... Oh! That's so often this holiday season. They meet again in the ring. It's Freddy versus Jason versus Rocky. But rock, these guys will tear me. Oh, no! He's got knives at his fingers. They're ruining your pretty face rock. I know, Mickey. Then, number 24, Freddy versus Jason versus C-Vis-U. Then, the following, thanksgiving. Freddy versus Jason versus Scraper. Then, coming to Paperview, Christmas 2004. Freddy versus Jason versus the Olson twins. It's a grudge match in a cage. Suspended over the role as Bowling Beautiful Pasadena California. Only on Paperview, order today. That's that finger version, drag fingers, that one. 1118 at 5.60W. If you have somebody Alex who's a chronic faction, we usually pull pull his additions. He's got a good one today, Spider-Man. Sure. Because Spider-Man was not only the movie, but it was also in cartoons and all kinds of great books. TV, series, TV, move. Right, that's my point. Spider-Man is a good one. Thank you, Alex. About time ago, go on. What about Rocky? The time squirrel? No, not that Rocky. That's why I said it in that way. No, I'm talking about sliced alone, Rocky. You know, if you want, why not? I'm not going to get some votes. It was gigantic. I'm not asking if we like it. I mean, it's for more ons. It's for a little bit of people like him, but there are a lot of a little bit of people like him. Also, pretty Kruger, which is why I just played that thing. You got to have pretty Kruger. Okay. Right. All right. Well, why are you like, we looked at it. Is there any doubt about that? Don't keep leaning over to type it up. No, you don't. You just don't like that. Not like it just fine. We've already Kruger. Like how many of those, uh, Bird and Man, nightmarin, Elm Street parts one through a hundred. Oh, we can put Jason and Mike Myers on there too. Well, we're at it. No. You think Jason's bigger than Freddie. So we got a position from, um, I don't care. I don't care what. No, I don't want to put Jason on her. Because Jason had to mask. Oh, that my phone is ringing. I must be a package on stairs. Maybe it's the, maybe it's the money. Edmund van is sending me. Also, Jerry Harry. Thirty Harry, man. Somebody faxes in. And I have some shocking news for it. About 1400 Dutch died during the heat wave in a way. 12,000 friends died. Right. About 1400 Dutch died during the heat wave. So today, but think that I got that lot of there. You know it, right? You had a bit of dead Dutch, but that Dutch out. Oh, look at this. Tina from Miami Day said it just because did you see that? Oh, of course. Because you said, what kind of crap is that, dammit? She's still a guy. She's still a guy. Shaft is black. Doesn't mean he doesn't qualify. Now, put Shaft on that list right now. God, dammit is Tina from Miami Day. Well, guess what, Tina? No. No. No. No chance. It's going to have to have his black or purple or what. Shaft is small potatoes. I got your Shaft over here sweetheart. Tina from Miami Day. Good or real school. Oh, can't say we're a bunch of illegal aliens are hanging up. Maybe you might learn something. She's all militant about this. Well, let me say it again. The answer is, no. No, no chance. No, Shaft. I'm going to give you the Shaft honey. So I don't even like that because he's black. Everything you're doing in America is a racial thing. Can we put some, are there many black characters that qualified to be on this list? No. No. There must be this is a pass of it. Who? I said there must be. We just can't think. Well, thank you to somebody. How about Amis and Andy? No, no. Oh, that may not be what she had in mind. Which one, Amis or Andy? Andy Gibb. I'm thinking. Amis, Amis. I'm trying to think of a black character who fictional TV. How I got one? Yeah. She won't like this either, but he's a very George Jefferson. Okay. Movies or TV. If we got Archie Bunker, that should be equal time. Okay, Tina. No. I didn't think so. I'm putting him on any of that. I loved George Jefferson. You know, and when I think back to that asshole Tom Jicken, right in about, Oh, that show is racist bullcraft. That's like saying that Archie, that's all. And the family was racist. They were stereotypes. You know, we're getting it. It was sarcastic. It was comedy. It was just comedy. It was sarcastic comedy. And they don't come no better in George Jefferson. All he is a fact. So about 14, every Dutch died during the he way. Oh. It was a boy and over there that day we went on the train to Colone, Germany, as much as I loved Colone. I should have put some extra on that day, Colone. Oh. I can't begin to tell you. Maybe that's why they died. Maybe that's why so many people fly out of South Florida the summer time to about November when it gets under 100. And when humidity is under like 95. But I think they're coming back. I think we see that on our website. I think our show is like the barometer South Florida if there's any, any there. Few more people came back. They had like a really hustle the cell and I didn't gain out yesterday. It would have been a public service if they would have blacked that out. You know what? It would be a lot fewer psychotic people in South Florida than they. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Oh, so that was him, but it wasn't good. That wasn't him. Didn't sound like him. But the worst thing that you can start doing when you expect to get paid on the show, start disagreeing with the host. Okay. Now you're right. It wasn't him. You're right. When you're right, don't happen often when you're right. Get his paycheck going there. Clarence, when you you jackass. By the way, you're damn beastly. Here's a guy that's going to make about four or five bucks an hour. And they're like dragging their feet. Well, we're making some cutbacks, you know, and pay roll. And we got to really tighten our belts, you know, because the bees Lee's don't know where the next guy Damn meal is coming from. Where the next chitlins are coming from. Well, you can just imagine a meal with a bee's Lee household. Oh, brother. So anyway, probably a lot of canned peas. Yes, there is no Tina from North Dave community college. This person who keeps faxing over again. I didn't look at the header. It's one of our chronic facts. Holds that is on the list. Oh, should have caught it sooner, but never. Yeah, you should have caught it sooner, George. Just like it's got you to cut that guy to call. How many times already today? Not even noon yet. That assels been on the 30 times. But you know what, we really don't care. I got a whole new attitude, man. I don't see you. I was telling you last week, and I really mean this. Don't let yourself get upset. You get upset. No, no. I want the issue. I went through all of that for a zillion years. I don't care. What the hell difference is, mate? We do the damn best to do our duty. I bet you didn't have big one before the show. That's it. That's the best you can do. Goodness, it was only one though. I thought that was the only one. Oh, see, and what I think is heaven. One continuous. Oh, yeah. Beautiful, perfectly shaped law. Oh, yeah. Oh, Abe Lincoln would be so proud. I want to go Lincoln logs. You think that's why they call him Lincoln logs in the bull. I think I saw my soul to drop a big one in the bull. Seriously. I mean, of course, that's so an accept. I don't want to start to get with that toilet talk. We didn't know for that last week about the flush toilets and other stuff. And about the fact that I go right, in fact they said one of the city officials called me after they heard that show. They was done the internet. They said if you'd like, we can like put you under payroll on the public dole and you can go around to like hotels and restaurants. And you could be like the official flusher. You can be on the dole to flush the bull. Yeah. And of course, when I fly when I get rid of my always flusher, at least four times. That's where that term came from to four flusher. No, I don't want to see. I don't want to leave that there. And oh, and if it's me, I hate to say this. But I was like in distress and down town or your hotel. Yeah. And I just had to go and drop a little bit of deposit. And I get all done and believe me, it was a very healthy movement. And Beethoven would have agreed. And you know, to flush the NFL, like the it was one of those handled jobs, you know. Okay. You know what I mean, like on the side, one of those without a roll. You know, I'm talking to her. And it was like, I felt like it was broken. And I thought, oh, no, I can't now live or leave here. I can't leave it leave that behind. I'm going to get a bucket of water. So luckily, I pulled it like forward and backward. It is supposed to up and down was usually those things. And it, it just sucked it up. Oh, I'm still talking about it. toilet. 26 past 11 at five, 60 WQA and Scott's going to get on the payroll by the end of the week. Or all quitting. I think you're like that. The Hurrants were getting sick and tired of waiting for response. I want Clarets in there during the break. I want his little skinny ass in there with an explanation. I don't care. This is, they will let through the same thing with vulnerable. Remember? Sure. Which probably postponed his demise. Hey, you know, when the time comes to have your carpets clean, here's one name. That's the only thing needs to pop right in your mind. Just like that. Draw concepts. For over 20 years, they've done a fantastic job in my house. Like about a month ago, they came and sucked out the deep down during my carpets. Made them look and smell and feel just like brand new. Draw concepts. Oh, by the way, do we have an ad for a candidate can help our international demos on our website yet? I don't know. I don't think so. Why not? What are we dragging our feet for? Let's get with it. My good post-rank can help when you're going to mind up cutting off my limo service. You clowns? Come on, Eric. Probably not. Eris fault. Probably you haven't said enough. Anyway, getting back to our friends at dry concepts. They're the best in the world. The number one carpet cleaning company. The only ones in the world who dry clean your carpets. It's a real pat that methods, not just some kind of advertising gimmick. They give you a written guaranteed price before they do the work. And always do a spectacular, unbeatable job on your draper. Your furniture, your carpeting, your poultry, the whole deal. And now, dry concepts continues to offer you an opportunity to say 15% of our next car per cleaning during these final dog days of summer. This called dry concepts at 1-800-248-5071. As to be put under standby list. Then dry concepts will cut and understand that they've got an opening in their schedule. It's just like when you fly stand by if you're available when they have an opening. They'll do the job for you, not 15% off the regular reasonable low price already. Called dry concepts today has to be put on that standby list. They might even have an opening on the day you call. They'll give you a 15% off the price of the job. Call 1-800-248-5071-100-248-5071 or check them on a wicked worldwide web at dryconcits.com. You might have lost this course when you're flying sick. You weigh in. Absolutely. Please, gentlemen, this is Rembo Ford 5. Oh, you. The gun remembers to the live. I wanna make movies for in 5. My life ain't going great. The Hollywood's broke. Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke. First mug came in 82. That's when I heard my penis in it never ever grew. Rembo 2 was an 85-late. And Rembo 3 was an 88. Show it, ever went into it. My gun, I did not make this movie with my son. They've been insane. She was in Rocky Flag and daylight to call a movie. A little big cash is what I mean. I got to get a loss on the pile of cream. I got to have a done look at movie. Or run my show like they're on me. I guess nobody ever saw a copland. It was still bitter. I guess I understand. My whole life is about to cave in. Oh, I got left in the center of the flame. Let me the devil. I need to make Rembo 4 and 5. Take it out. So call me up. I really need a script. I can do dialogue or keep it zip. They like comedy. Action. Adventure. And drama. The only thing I will undo is having sex with a lot more. So give me a break. For goodness sake. I used to be an entrepreneur. I can't get on Ricky Lake. Right now I got a one-man show on pork empty. Basically I'm an unemployed chipset. A little bit of cash is what I mean. I got to get a loan from the pile of cream. I got to have a no-no in the movie. Or run my show like they're on me. I guess nobody ever saw a copland. It was stupid. So I understand. My whole life is about to cave in. Oh, I got left in the flame. That's why ladies and gentlemen, I need to make rainbow food. Fires. They're all here. Absolutely. Absolutely. Twenty-seven till noon at five sixty-one. WCM happy Monday two. Here's one that says the facts. I did not hear the play by play on a radio yesterday. However, after the game, right after the game turned on a radio, I didn't hear Mo. I heard the big. Oh, where did Mo go? Is he gone forever? What I said. And then with several yeses, the exclamation hasn't hoping. No, no, no. But the bad news is he's still there. He was on this morning. I heard about two minutes and then you cut it off. What's thank you very much for. Sorry, I could have popped it back on for you. Oh, I would have loved hearing him like morning and growing. You may go ahead and have excuses the morning after that embarrassing humiliating lost to a little girl school. A team. No, no, no, no. He was Mo was moaning. Wait till that summer book comes up. Wow. And then we get that hour by hour and see where the big shower of powers between 8 and 10 went Scott for Welleson and about the gigantic dummy that we have between five and eight in the AM. You'll see Mark my words, man. Put an X on each one. Okay. How's this thing going pretty well? We'll get a whole get a lot more names on this list. 106 votes. Who was the greatest fictional character in movies or TV? Not somebody that was in one movie like Jane, like whatever Homefree book I wasn't because of like Rick James Bond 65. I guess he's I guess that was a foregone conclusion right? How do I forget? We're going to have Rocky on there. Should we also have Rambo? Yes. Absolutely. Don't you think? Absolutely. How about Captain James Kirk, somebody suggested Captain Kirk. Okay. And if we're going to put on Captain Kirk which we will. What about Mr. Spock? What about him? He had unique years. Okay. Mr. Spock. They they love Mr. Spock, right? Sure. James Bond said, where are you going? I bet the time on these to Eric. Just slow down, little bit. You're too hyper to smoke. I must have got the good shipment over the weekend. I wish. The Zoltan must have stopped by with some reinforcements. Well, I don't mean this hammer. No. He was really ugly. How come you never said to me? How come you say, what are you thinking about? I must have been really desperate. Of course when I came to work for the QMO is hoping just desperately to find somebody to look human. And that leaves him out. As he had just, I just boxed myself into a corner. He didn't look human. James Bond 65 Superman 27. It's a bird. It's a plane. It's a Greg Reed. Sherlock Holmes 22. Darth Vader 18. Indiana Jones 16. Batman 12. Michael Corley Only. 10. Michael Corley Only. I see who would have been me. I never would have really thought about that for some reason. But of course, all three gone by the movie. Right. No one will be you. Right. You broke my life. You broke my life. Archie Vunker's got nine mad. Max has got eight. Dracula six. That business about. We got to see the. What is it? The bronze stoker's Dracula. Graham Strowson. It was good. Gary Oldman does a phenomenal job. It's not the same thing. Why don't you think of it as two different movies about the same character? I would have rather seen it with Martin Lando. All right. Think suffering from cracked was five six on eight. 50 six, seemingly six. Five six. I it. Didn't I do that for life? How good were these? Remember the article I had on a few weeks ago, we put it on a website about how the people are really pulled a strings behind the scenes. I've got him set up to lose the next election anyway. To which we say, but not for the right reasons. Remember that? I remember. Well, we can only pray that it's true. When in doubt, vote is answered. Well, of course, nobody really voted him in the first place. Santa Cruz expected West Congress to look into impeaching Bush. Oh, right. Santa Jose, California. California. The Santa Cruz City Council tomorrow is expected to become the first law-making body in the nation to ask Congress to look to look at reading this so fast that I'm so excited. Although I know it does mean much. By the way, it'll be on the back page of the Sunset. I'll just like to brown-dog county commission when they voted a protest against the Patriot Act. Anyway, they'll be the first law-making body in the nation who has Congress looking to impeaching El Presidenty for misleading the public on the Iraq War and for trampling on civil rights. The mission to be considered tomorrow is a water-down version of July's stride-and-call for council resolution in favor of impeaching Bush and other top members of his administration, all those fascist goyum. A year ago, Santa Cruz became the first city council in the country to oppose the war more than 150 councils and boards of supervisors across the country subsequently pass similar resolutions. A majority of the Santa Cruz council members are hoping they're all but certain action-miracles for a similar movement. You need to speak up when you see evil being done since city councilmen Mike Rockin, right on Mike, absolutely correct. Am I right? Absolutely. Because the real evil doers are right there controlled in the end country. That's where the evil doers are. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. Here's a call from dear field, hello. Hello, I'm good meal. Yes sir. Adrian, this is the traffic lift at first before we drift into the trivial pursuit question in a minute. I would like to bring you this live traffic update. In the bumping over area, traffic is being diverted from federal highway on Northeastern due to an accident. I was up and I'm also wondering, probably clearing out right now. Well, we want to talk about the storm back to having a Jewish car's dam thinking maybe all go up seeing might have that job. He's a long way. Look at the big hot air balloon out there who's now trying out for car cells job. You know who that is? Who's that? All right. I'm going to give you a hand. He's got his own talk show. His name's Rush. But he's a little bit. Oh, you want to act that crap, yeah. What's he doing on that football show they're trying to give car cells and trouble? I think the man's insane. I think they're trying to drive their ratings into oblivion. They're trying to like, arms from the face of the earth. He's all by himself over there throwing up a white flag while I'm trying to get the sports update. The man's trying to become somebody that he's not. I guess he's not an out of things to say about the way the economy's going. Well, I guess it's a good diversion. Maybe he'll start doing a sports show and he won't have to talk about all the crap that's going on in the world between the economy and our rack attack and all this other crap. Okay. That would be my choice for Dracula. Put him on the Dracula column, Rush Limbaugh, and we'll see what I go with. Okay. Have a great time. You followed that, did you put the pieces that together? No. I don't know. He said he wishes that Dracula would make more biting comments than Rush. Something like that. Rush bites. Just don't forget about that. Just all the bull crap all the time. You know? Every says you can put the old buzz on it. All the crap you could unwrap. That's what he gives you. Funny till noon at 5 am 60 WQAM if you need to set your home fast, fast cash home buyers and the people you ought to be talking to because they buy houses fast, hassle free. This cash home buyer is by houses in any condition location for any reason. If you need to set your house fast, maybe your house needs a new roof floor or any other repairs. Well, don't waste a lot of money on cost of repairs. Call Rod today and unload that thing called 1-866-785 fast or no obligation to hassle free offer. At fast cash home buyers to help you solve your house problems. You have a vacant house, maybe you're tentative dealing with a problem tentative, or going through an nasty divorce or lost mortgage payments on that often game yesterday. Call fast cash home buyers. Maybe your 1-2 or 3 payments behind or inherited a property you don't want and you're looking to unload fast cash home buyers can help. So call Rod today at 1-866-785 fast and let fast cash home buyers give you a peace of mind. Fast cash home buyers will buy your house today and here's another really great part of this old deal is you won't have to pay up penny a dime a pace of unreal estate commissions. So call Rod and check this out called 1-866-785 fast FASTI for hassle free offer and let fast cash home buyers help you with those house problems. My and local year sports video 5.62 a new AM. It's going to be a white SUV K&M. Something bothering you, Miss Sponk. I say that I have not thoroughly enjoyed serving with humans. I find their illogical and foolish emotions are constant urgent. I'm like you, we humans are full of unpredictable emotions. Love, happiness, yes. Don't be afraid. Here's my hat. Lord, I'll do you a good deal. I won't be able to afford any cream of beauty, I've ever known what is your front fist spot. And my hand, just me. Got your mind. Prospective, you're a good attractive to you, the moment you're on. You don't really want to hurt me, do you? But that's the good. No, I don't think so. Whoa, I can't. Just think this and quick. Nooo! I'm really made my second officer's spot. No, no. I'm possibly my aphatorolian to point. Yes, very well. I can't. Please, is you. What are you waiting for? All right. If you'll excuse the intrusion captain. Mary, that's it. I'm appropriate for us in terms captain. No. Oh! I feel so weak. Oh, we got him this over. Oh, no, no, no. He's so hard. Oh, no. We're going down. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh! Oh! Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. In more ways and why I don't know why I have nothing infected. Thank you. I was just Bob from both of us. What is this? 14-0-560 mad dog a two at the Humper from Shulaz at four. Marlin's undexored in the 6-3-2-5. Huge game. Marlin's at the Met 7-10 tonight. And ESPN radio is set of etiquette tonight. I don't know why. Do we know why? No. Oh, I beg you, pardon me, I forgot it to type-o. Oh, clearance for a crime, I'll not be. Can't, and by the way, did he come into an outbreak? No. No. See what I mean? So, ADK is on tonight. The clearance kit could get the schedule straightened out. If he would spend more time on station work instead of working on the beast, I have something going here. Maybe Scott could get paid some time this year. Before the year comes out. Before our clearance comes out. Zoro says a teen again with another phony fax, but you know what? Zoro belongs on there. Right? Right? Sure. What are you laughing about Zoro belongs on? No, that's for the Latin audience unless you're an F.B. I've got the eyes past you, which I am. But that's beside a point, right? Right. Zoro. Zoro was great. In the end of Governor Franco, Bannon 73 years old, Clapson, Chicago. CNN's making a big fuss. They said, still pending as we speak. And it's pending as we speak. He's still there working on him. They're looking at him. You know, you care about that? No. I don't think so. So how we doing so far, James Bond is running away with this baby. I mean, there's no contest, but 75 votes. The greatest fictional character in movies or TV. Second place Superbante 32. Sherlock Holmes 22. I'm so proud of this audience. Darth Vader 20. Indiana Jones 17. Archie Bunker 15. See, Sherlock Holmes is a more cerebral answer than James Bond. Sure. Archie Bunker 15. Michael Corleoni 14. Batman 12. Dracula and Mad Max are tied with none of peace. And then it's real small potatoes. Dirty Harry's only got four. Aren't you surprised? He hasn't made a dirty house. He's made your day. And I was got five. George Jefferson and Wonder Woman each have a pair. Oh, I think hers a bigger than his. Rocky's got two Spider-Man one. Tarzan one. Captain Kirk one. Mr. Spock one. Ramball Freddy Cooper got the big none. None yet. Oh, this story is this. Well, let me take a few calls. Because you'll have to strap yourself in for this story about the DEA set to battle pot advocates over hemp use in food. Okay. This is that would be almost speechless. DEA set to battle pot advocates over hemp use in food. And what foods are these? Well, we'll get to. All right. Here's a call from Boker, hello. Oh, that was him, I think. Or maybe just a good imitator. Here's Miami, hello. Got coffee, please. Got cool. So. Poor Loderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Great show today. I just wanted to add once the poll goes along with George Jefferson. How about Fred Samford? There's another sea that will satisfy a phony Tina. Right. They were the band going to be today. I have no idea. I don't even know what's going to be anywhere. All right. Because that's Monday and Miguel has to service a Doreen twice on Monday. So I don't know if he's going to have time to get out. Okay. Well, let's you know. Thanks, Palette. What do you laugh at about it? Who has got a bone hurt twice? Are you telling me she was answering phones this morning? Yeah. I find that just astonishing and shocking. They read the bread. Spreading out spreading your wings. Hmm. Maybe she might have another confrontation with Mal. Absolutely. Well, she was answering phones on his show. I don't know. She was literally answering them on for real show. She's probably looking. She wants to check out the big D. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Here's a call on alligator rally. Hello. Hey, Uncle Niel. Yes, sir. A couple of things for you. Good show today. Number one. Slice the loan. It's going to be acting. Well, I wouldn't want to say acting. You're going to be imping directing and producing a movie about the deaths of big small and two-pops you call. I'll be game. If you can believe that, the other thing is... You know, he sure seems to fit in that perfectly, don't he? No, no. My vote for the poll. Tony Montana, man. Scarface. I know he's only been in one movie, but it's an iconic chair, you know? No. I have an increase when times are bleak. We must engage. Okay. Have a great day. Times are bleak. When it's time to bleach, it's time to impeach. No, I tell you my tannies going to be on. Yeah, one movie. The greatest, fictional character in movies or TV. I mean, I could understand if it was like one movie where it was like a like red Butler in Gone with the wind. Right. See? Oh, I'm not putting him on there. But I'm just saying something like that. Where was like so outstanding. So memorable, so strong, you know? Right. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlustlamic. Got 600 open lines. And I would say, we had how many real call. What percentage of calls they were like real call? About 30, man. 70% idiots. What's Monday? Yeah. Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Anya. Yes sir. I think that man. You think that man? Yeah. That's not me. That. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? The why are you listening? I'm trying to get some good radio. I mean, I know if you, but if you know, you're not going to find it here. They're why you're listening. Why? Because it's nothing else on. Okay. Great. There's nothing else on. Okay. Great. There's nothing else on. Okay. That. Calls when I'm on same stick. Same crap. For your boring pal. Okay. And by the way, there's no whimps up here. Only the whimps are playing on the dolphins. Those are the whimps. Losing to a girls team. 5, 6, 7, over to the guy. Listen, every single day you're on. I'm on recites chapter inverse. Every single word. Why don't I do good radio. Always do that. Because no one's a good radio. I'd like to do bad radio. Are you part of it? He always does that too. He starts out with some fake material. Then take a shot. Right. It's like, I say bad man. You're so lame. Why don't you do good call? Are you capable of it? No. Didn't think so. You're an idiot. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello. When is the as yesor? Hey, Uncle Neo. I got a character for you. Inspector Kuso. Good one. The thing battered. Yeah. And then, for Kino. And Miami. And Miami. I was thinking maybe Toby from Roops. Okay. Contact. Contact. Contact. There's a good one. Not. Okay. Thanks. What? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. John Crutchan here in Winpy, Toronto. That asshole by the way. Never been anywhere near Toronto is probably enough to never let South Florida. Now that one of those broke your landslows that stuck down here to kick it out and is bitter about it. See, that's what I hear. That's what I hear. And a lot of these voices I hear. And, of course, on the heels of that embarrassing lost yesterday to a little little little little. Little little girl's thing. Yeah, but you forget something. What's that? Oh, we blessed. We always sure are. Well, no. Not after that came. We're cursed. It's a freaking curse. And did the. Herkun's cover even though they won the game they cover the spread. Oh no, I don't think so What was the spread on that game Scott like 14 or something? Yeah, believe it was 14 and a half Nah 14 and a half did they close no they had to pull out the out of their ass in the end just a win the game Uh-oh, I wonder Eddie K was on a verge of sticking to ESPN radio one today If Clarence come and you yet to clarify all of these mistakes in the booboos he's making no no You know, so he's playing hard to To get for some people the E.A. said the battle pot advocates over hemp use and food Consuming a chunk of organic health food is an active drug abuse in the eyes of the D.E.A. if it contains is some snacks do hemp as an ingredient This goes to show you what kind of fascist country you're living in In wimpy Miami and a peel scored in Alaska's his residents can possess up to a quarter pound of pot for their own use In a zombie pool conducted last month and new hamster 84% of odors and they supported Changing federal law to allow patients to use medical medicinal medicinal marijuana without fear of arrest marijuana continues its beeline for the mainstream after years of reform madness reform madness Federal officials are ready to do battle with the next target being hemp as food when it's sound while it sounds simple enough One size of one side of mostly pro marijuana advocates looking to climb another wrong on the letter to report tolerance The fact that the hemp food case even has legs portrayed to continue move toward societal legitimacy of the illegal weed This from the Washington Times there's a lot more tolerance for marijuana said Bruce Merck and his spokesman for the Mergewini policy project which favors pot legalization and most other liberalization marijuana laws And it appears that there are more people rallying around this issue he said What people are not seeing said at children's a DEA spokesman to Washington is the marijuana legalization lobby It worked behind the scenes with better resources those evil doors Like that had no idea Two years ago DEA asked a oh asshole Hutchinson, you know him He said that foods using seeds from the hemp plant violated federal law He ordered a crackdown on the foods but his dictate was the state by court order Maybe Moist maybe Moist trying to obey the law and pick those seeds out of his Sector that's what those seeds are you ever think about that no, I never guessed Wow, but is this thing actually this article actually lit now? Then really list any foods that haven't he seeds unfortunately because we'd probably like to I see I see wait a minute. I see Gordon's Minneapolis Base French metal bakery produced among other things bread with hemp seeds is primary ingredient Ready for that? Bread with hemp seeds is a primary she distances are so from the pro pod lobby I don't advocate marijuana use that on smoke that we could weed Miss Gordon said but her multi-grain healthy hemp bread Uses hemp seed that he purchases legally from Canada where hemp plants are grown for industrial use and consumption This is not to get people high at something that tastes good she said You know, so you get the munchies and you're actually not at the same time it's probably good to run when holding to Probably good for your spastic color Paul He's fantastic. By the way, he's got this map. He's gonna show exactly where all is WMO with cartoon pictures Yeah He was just fooling He was fooling he was playing a game of check 1157 at 560 WQA man out of the gigantic 2003 Neil Rogers indisomer clear and sail going on right this second at Hall of Patex GMC Get yourself the lowest prices in town from town limit in Joe Pareto good guys for this special promotion Every vehicle on the lot has been marked out of the absolute lowest rock bottom price plus gets yourself 0% financing for 60 months on Every 2003 Patex or GMC and stock you won't be did anywhere You can buy a 2003 Patex on fire right now for only 11,998 the hellet or get you a full size zero for just 15,998 But you better hurry and now because inventories are limited and you can still test drive any vehicle on lot for 24 hours You can take it home take it to work take it to a wherever that the pair 66 in protest the president And of course, Hall it's also got a great selection of certified pre-owned cars truck's SUVs if credit is a problem for you when you try to buy a car It's no problem at hellet there. Not picky. They want to get you a deal Hall of Patex GMC 134136 highway that you us when across from the falls open every single day seven days a week If you want more info call the Neil Deal hotline tool free at 1 triple eight five three four forty two eleven That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven no forget all Neil deals up to the credit Proveller friends and Hall of Forty Tails Hall of Patex GMC be professional great Fairla it be that well-drawn out on WQ air The only one way to go you got a regen whose papers but They just want to be in front of that TV thinking what happens to them And gonna be happening to me If you Don't I'm not a man! Everything just fine! So one of two people down I can't think of something with that I'm saying they're picking things up my ass I don't say I didn't want you I think they look as California And you're a Florida though, what's going on? Oh yeah! And I mean, him too, that's what inquiry minds in the DEA want to know 12 or two or five 60WQM bad news Franco Ben in the end of Governor critical conditions Very, very serious. That guy. Fraisy and Kendall says my vote. I put a couple on here. Frank and Stein. I mean, we're going to put a drop on a hot-rowing now put a Frankenstein. They're been a Zillion Frankenstein. Even haven't cast out on my Frankenstein. They did it together too. Remember that? Oh, they did it together, like Clarence and Abbeast. And Norman Bates, because that's what Fraisy and Kendall see. That's a good one. Sure. Yeah. Squirt Squaddy too. The CD is great. I love the Eisner, but it still has some classic bits. Everybody should get one. Have a great day. Thanks for helping out Abbeast. And if more U.S. I get off the stick. Get on the menin. Do it. Like you? I think you're a burden. You're on the menin. There's bad news, man, for Arnold. On the Fudge Report, Miss Fudge. You know, I noticed that Miss Fudge, uh, she must, somebody must be pulling the strings against Arnold. I guess he's not right winging up. Because the Fudge Report has been extraordinarily heavy duty loaded with these anti-onel articles. So he's part of that Hollywood crowd. He's not going to be in with them. I see. Anyway, second black bodybuilder claims Schwarzenegger racist comments. World exclusive says Miss Fudge. Another black bodybuilder has come forward claiming the California Gubernatorial candidate. Is that Guber? Gubernatorial candidate Arnold Schwarzenegger has a history of making racist comments. The drug report can reveal. Ravi Robinson, who's picture by the way, is there on the, oh, he's one of those, over those muscle bound. One of the most respected and well known of all bodybuilders, a former Mr. America, Mr. World and Mr. Universe title holder, bats up claims made by fellow black bodybuilder Rick Wayne. Notice respect to fans of Arnold, but Rick's claim is in keeping with my experiences with the man. Robinson explains in a message. Robinson says that Schwarzenegger repeatedly directed the term Nigger at him. No throughout his career as the black prince Robinson continues. In San Jose at the Russ Warner Clinic, a classic rather, who's called Nose Days, there was a scene. Seven of us bodybuilders were invited to guest pose at the show. We were all paid 650 bucks to do our thing. After the show, there was a big banquet. We were all dancing heavy nice time in walks Arnold and started shouting out down with the black niggers and this and black's that for about 10 minutes. All doing this time, nobody said a word. How do you like that? The banquet was full of international Federation of Bodybuilder officials. There was a dead silence who could have heard a pinfall. Everybody knew him was shocked except for me. All of his hostility and rage was directed at me. For once he got caught out of shape and I was in contest condition, me being in great shape put him in a bad light and a bad attitude. In my mind I wanted to bust him up but that wouldn't have done any goods. With all my intensity, bottle inside me I walked out of the room. I'm walking out as he was still in his mode of down with the blacks. When the silence was broken by Joe Weeders' voice telling Arnold to stop, that didn't know good he was on a roll now. I left the banquet went to my room. His actions were cowardly and disrespectful. That's why Rick Wayne is speaking out. During pumping our and more racial slurs were directed to me because I walked out of his house refusing to be involved in a movie. If we didn't get paid something, we ended up getting a hundred dollars a day but not before more racial slurs of nigger nigger were leveled me for speaking up for my self-admressed of the guys. What the fans in a media don't know is we all then signed $10,000 contracts with light modern film company at Arnold to this day Arnold hasn't paid us a dime. I wonder what the value that contract would be today. Bodybuilding has a dark past that's a tragedy. The Weeders and Arnold have to deal with their ghosts being uncovered. Says Robby Robinson. How do you like that? Huh? What are the disgusting scumbuck at that is how this Arnold and California enough to make me puke? 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon line. The greatest official character in movies or TV. We've had a Frankenstein Norman Vates. Good poll. We does well some Monday 292 votes. No votes yet for Fred Sanford. One for Zoro Tarzan Freddy Kruger. Rambo. Two for our Inspector Pluso. Wonder Woman. Spider-Man George Jefferson. Three for Mr. Spock and Rocky. Although I do like Rocky this world I'll have a lot better than Rocky the uh. The Boxy Pugilist. Captain Kurt 5. Dirty Harry 6 Mad Max 9. Rock all attend. Batman 12 Michael Corley only 15 Indiana Jones 18. Archie's bunker 22. Darth Vader 23. Charlotte comes 26 Superman 38 and leading the way by far. It's Bond James Bond. That's no surprise right? It's surprising that he's leading by that much. Yeah. Well, it's going to show the mentality of the public. I'm not knocking the James Bond movies but uh you know. But it's a during and there've been a whole bunch of different actors play James Bond. I've heard him man. It's uh last the truth. The truth test of time it'd be last in right? Here's a call from baby hello. You know my favorite character both I'm isn't even on your list. Well, that's all I think. Bobville, Bobville movies, television sports, Opera, Bloodstunning. Is there ever been a character greater than Bloodstunning? How about Mickey Mouse? No, Mickey Mouse doesn't have any characters. He barely speaks. Bugs kicks his ass. Yeah Mickey Mouse only says. I know. That's about all he says. Okay. You know what I'm saying? That's a dialogue. That's a good suggestion. Got that. That Brooklyn accent. Brown people around. This is about the mouth. Violet. I like it. You got to love it. Now let me ask everybody to go to this bush thing tomorrow. And like protest a resident. At pier 66. Yeah, because who's got two grand for dinner? That's a good point. Okay, have a great day. Bugs bunny and I'm going to put him on there. How about Elmer Fund? No, just not. He's a small potato. He's a small potato. Yeah. Oh, I do like his rabbits. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T of rise of wireless line as the list starts creeping. We're starting about bugs. Money's a good suggestion. Yes it is. Who is the greatest fictional character in movies or TV? Now, let me ask you. Would bull minkle. Why would we put that on there? Bull minkle. J moves. Okay. You don't think so. I do. Oh, I like bull minkle. Hell, more than bugs. Bunny. I'm not knocking at guys. But if we're going to put bugs. Bunny. What about porcupine? Bugs with the biggest. Bugs had the biggest one. Well, big thing about it. Porcupine. That course crew problem. Well, seriously. I mean, why not? Not. We're polka. Bugs bunny. And what about the bull minkle? J moves. Sure. No, you. I thought you were a big bull minkle. I am. I am. I don't think other people are as much as we will see. Well, we'll see. Okay. That's just because they're not because they're taste sucks. Okay. And they're all going to vote for James Bond because everybody knows that. You know, be a little bit creative. Be a little bit innovative. Do something different instead of just going along. Go with the flow and mole. Absolutely. Here's the call from Davy. Hello. Yes, sir. The block. Hello. Yeah. I'm listening. Don't get all defensive. Now the blocks of possibility. I mean, it will actually be a lot of different versions of that. I called this boy and I lived in Toronto as much a pack he's Indians and Chinese. But you belong to everybody. Okay. That's the same asshole. So like I said, no blob. Same. Only he was doing a different voice this time. Yeah. Yeah. He's busy. Fudge Paki. 5605. 560. On the AT&T. 10. But he's busy. He's got his head up his ass. He's packing it. Such miserable nasty rotten ass people. Guess what, pal. I love it here. Okay. And one of the reasons is you're not here. That's one of the reasons I love it so much. Not only are you not here, but there are almost no people like you here. This is what makes it so rye. Have a good one. Do they have sidewalk vendors in Toronto? Yes they do. Do they sell chocolate? Do they sell chocolate? Do they sell chocolate? No. No, they sell street meat. Street merchants. No, they sell street meat. What is that chocolate? Just because. Oh, I see. So he could be here. Fudge Paki. Right. If you had a Pakistani chocolate peddler, he could be the Fudge Paki. I see. Oh my god. Woo. Talk about heavy duty. Talk about a long setup. Don't forget to tows you step on today. Might be attached to the ass you have to kiss some day. That's what Greg always says. Only lately he don't have too many people kissing it. You know, first after he screwed everything up and I was trying to like. We'll see. Well, now, once that next trend come and I said this Thursday. No, it's next Thursday. This Thursday of course is the anniversary second anniversary of 9.11. Right. Which I'm doing a pull on that tomorrow. Are you like making your preparations now? Oh, yeah. Yeah, this queen duct tape. Yeah, bottle of water. Get under the under the counter. I'm going to pay masks. Right. A lot of the doors. You know, because you can't really get an effective seal on your windows. So I'm just going to take a plastic bag and a rubber band and put it around my head. Who the hell is Michael night? Is that the night writer? Yeah. Huh? Yes. Well, somebody facts that. I can't even believe. Let's see. Here's when I says, Moda. I mean Yoda. Oh, no. I got a good suggestion for the good picture. It's a beautiful picture. It looks, it's Moda. It is. It's Moda. It is. That's a beautiful thing. Right. It says, used Dad, Dad, toy toy. The four-slooch pipe smoke and scrim locker. Why, I ought to. I ought to. It's a toy toy toy. Right. That's beautiful. I didn't look that close, but it's Yota and Mo. My Smota. I wonder if he's got his modem connected. Five six of AI and Miss Bonding with him so damn much. It's just one of the... Well, you know, one of those lab abilities. One of those things you have to give up for being here with all these Packies. I'll give me a phone number and all these illegal aliens. He's say lab abilities are lies. I can't find... Are you picking on Mo now too? Are you jumping on the pile? All right, I can't fire me. I don't think I've got that thing in here. What thing? Wow, where's his... I'm listening. How is that possible, Zor? I'm listening. I don't know. I know you have it. I have it. You must have it as a go. I'm listening. Oh. I just... I don't have it under the most stuff. I have it separate. I'm listening. 1213 at 5.60. You have some of the day we'll do good radio and then... You know, then I can come back in again. Hey, how low can those interest rates go? You're probably wondering, if you're probably going to ask me that right now. Now, the financial group is doing the limbo rock. We're in a jock. Under the lowest refinance rate, going anywhere. 1.95%. That's correct. Now, you can refinance your homer by a new homer. Get a super low. 1.95% financing rate with financial group. Call toll free. 1-800-940-LND. 1-800-940-LND. If you even think about refinancing or buying real estate, call financial group toll free. You got nothing to lose. 1-800-940-LND. Talk about savings. Wait till you hear these kind of payments you make. If you have $100,000 loan, your payments are only 360-8 a month. If you have you way $200,000 loan, you pay only $736 a month. So, call financial group and get that low. Unbelievable rate you've been searching and praying for 1.95% because interest rates are at all time lows. Financial group called toll free. 1-800-940-LND. That's 1-800-940-LND. They're an equal housing letter. Credit restrictions apply in rates are some of the change monthly 5.19 APR. 9-800-940-LND. 6-435-6. 9-800-940-LND. 9-800-940-LND. Chamberlain rate me. Welcome back to the highly rated Mo-Hawanda David at the show. According to my herbs, navigation. Okay, stupid, where were we? You with the witness. No, wrong. You were doing that to me. Oh, you're sorry, Mo. That's better. Oh, wrong day. Okay. Make, I didn't see you could say that, yes? Okay. Now you. God. I wasn't wrong day. That's me. That's me. Not on my watch, you poop. Oh, wrong day. Hey, he's up with you. What's up? What's up? A comfortable grip. And we've got one of our three very important coolers on the line here. And we can weigh him what he wants. We're here. Here more than that. And mine can I instead of. What should I do? Okay, not to say that. God damn thing is saying, what are you doing? I'm playing with my Eric Koker. I'm blowing it down. Oh, that's quite understandable. Why, y'all? He's sometimes... Oh, yeah? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, that's me. Oh, no. Almost there. See, over there. Around there. Around there. Oh, baby. Faster. Around there. Around there. Around there. Oh, baby. Around there. Around there. Around there. Around there. Around there. Oh, you little dove. All right. Let's come on. Oh, look at that. I got it all over my way. Yeah. From my 10 to 560 WQAM. 567. Now look at that. We got two calls on the board now. You know what's going on here today? No, what's going on here today? They're not... it's Monday and they're not too enthusiastic, you know? An addition of which one of this line nine of mine is going to be a crank anyway. Here's Miami. Hello. Let's get him. Yeah. Told you. Why do you put the local people online Scott? Because George hasn't told you properly yet. Yeah. I think nobody in Miami or in Broward or any play... It's going to call online nine because it's like a... For out of town people, see? So automatically it's a tip off because they're too stupid even to say like Naples or Fort Myers even ought to be lying anyway. But they're too stupid even to say that. It's like a tip off. It's like, you know, just bearing your ass flashing it to the world. Fight. See, there it is again. Baby, can you lie nine? Clay, see, boy. Oh, oh. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. That was pretty good, see. That was excellent. I can't wait. In fact, I'm going to be listed. I'm going to get up extra early Thursday morning because I want to hear 645-7 on a highly highly-tounded J. J. Howard David Show. I want you to interview with J. Fuealer, the ass lick. And did I... did I mistakenly hear that they're taping the Ricky William Show at the Cleveland or South Beach tonight between 7 and 8. And then they're going to play the show on the more Howard David Show Wednesday morning. Did I hear that right? I don't know. I don't know. Right here on the highly rated Q.A.M. with a little bit early morning show. Is that on O'No, I see 7-8 at night because I'm thinking the guys only doing 3 hours. They're going to play the 7-8 PM on Wednesday night. They're playing the Ricky William Show. Oh my god. We got the Ricky William Show. We got the J. Fuealer. I'm getting paid show on the phone with more Howard David. Good. God Almighty. Here's a call from Papino. Hello. Hello, man. Yes sir. I heard you were on the ground drive this show, but I'm with Melwatt. Yeah. You like that, buddy? Whatever. Whatever that means. You're going to know who Melwatt's been. He's the mayor of Toronto. Yeah. And. Okay. Fetch Pack this. 5-670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Are we going to get any of you calls the rest of the show? No. I doubt it. What the fuck is it? We don't care. Why should we start now? Here's North Miami. Hello. I'm the senior sucks. They want that sucks. Come on. Put your sucks. They'll suck. That was a quality call. That was one of the better calls we've had all day. I like that. A lot of suck and going on. 5-670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. I want to spend a lot of time on this research show as far as an organ. Okay. No. Really. This is a revolutionary story. It's a front page story in the National Post here. And it's got, if you continue on to the back on page 12A, the secret life of fat. It's got like a big diagram and diaphragm. And shows you the whole deal in there. The trickier, the lungs, the heart, the apupic, the liver, all of these things. The pancreas, the large intestine, the fat. Oh, the disgusting rotate. It's an organ. It's doing stuff. Okay. It's not just laying there. Which would be bad enough in ugly and unhealthy. But it's doing crap to you all the time. Which is why you have like that. What do they call irritable body? And not just irritable bowel syndrome, which is, there you have a sands. Let's see when we're down there, we get those floaters. See some people think floaters are just in your eyes, but sometimes you're in the bowl. That's just that. But irritable body syndrome. Have you ever heard of that? No. No. Really? Haven't? No. I never had. See, if somebody medical people, they poop-poo it. You know? Although I do like that poop-poo platter. You ever eat it in a Polynesian restaurant? The My Kai. No, I don't mean the My Kai. My Kai is like a tourist trap. I'm talking about like a trader of vix and no kind of place that went out of business before you were born. No. Oh, man was that good stuff. And there's nothing like that. Poop-poo platter. That's what, what's his name? Say was his favorite. Which is Simmons? No Peter Clayton. 5-6-7-0-5-60. He's 60. He liked it so much. He used to get a whole platter of it. He's so good if the platter is too big. He gets slatter on your platter. But it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. Not no more because he's dead. And that's probably one of the reasons he is dead. Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You know how he's doing for there. Okay. I'm driving up the highway today. I see the most aesthetic billboard I was seeing in my entire life. Yeah. I thought it was a vengeance. These people, what do you see what's got a kid man? I mean, the terminal, the address. How does he go local high school team can beat these people? Yeah. They suck. What do you think about that? I think you're actually a little correct, sir. They do suck. They lost one game right away. The whole town is turning on. I'm which, which, that's why I love it. Because it's so typical for running phonys. They suck. Tee-pea-lers sucks. Everybody sucks. Season-tailers sucks. I thought these were going to be the Super Bowl champions this year. Oh yeah, right. Nasty. Mean spirited boy. In other words, what do you know? First likely you lost to a little girls team and embarrassing you at home. No, it was the home opener. I give me a give me the the Patriots get their asses kicked. The Jets lose. There's the night to the redskins last Thursday. And so they're in a perfect position here to be like one and all along with buffalo. And they lose to like a little tiny bunch of blind little girls when they're legs tied together. What did this? Grace, what an embarrassment. In what I'm saying, I think basically what it boils down to is they suck. And they've once that sucks. And all these other people that we keep parading around on the guy named radio station, like Jay Feetler, who tries very hard. But like I told you, this team will never go anywhere with Jay Feetler is their quarterback. And as far as Brian Greesie and his sore thumb, all I can say is, bottom's up, Brian. Here's the call for Miami. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Good afternoon. I'm going to stop this. I got one for you. See? Ah, the famous quadranes in the invisible way. No. Does this guy have any idea what we're doing here? No. No. The greatest fictional character in movie's or TV was the invisible man. Let's see, him number. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Not bad. Just like we're hoping about. I hope everybody's hoping that. Hey, we want you to go away, Mo. Okay. We want you to go away. Everybody in town where, for a fact, we're going to sign and have a petition ride. Don't take it personal unless you want to, but everybody in town agrees on one thing. No. No. Am I right? Yeah. No. No. 1226 at 560 WQM. I'm Tony. I'm going to give you a date. And we'll let you know with the date that we're going to start doing good radio. You're going to put out a memo. And we'll probably play the small ad and a hero to the Sun Settle. Well, let's see what date that's going to be. Probably be around the same time we start getting good calls to 1226 at QA. And if you want to plunge your guts out and have confidence in peace of mind, hear the people you ought to be talking to. VIPsforcebook.com Ignore. So many of the silly little people we have on this radio station, including similar like under the age of 10. Who are peddling all kinds of sports books in 10th World countries like Costa Rica. You'd be lucky if you ever see your money again. This year, we'll have a class and do your plunging at VIPs. Sportsbook.com. The oldest and largest sportsbook in the Netherlands, the Netherlands, Holland. I'm Stadam. 100% legal in license to listen to me and call VIPsforcebook.com right now at 186 VIP. But because there's South Florida's best sportsbook in the universe. Sun up now and you can bet all the South Florida football and basketball teams. Juice free on your lawn. Isn't that what the pole said that we took over the weekend that South Florida wants to be juice free? Yes. You want to bet on the dolphins. It's 100 to 100. You want to bet on the hurricanes. It's a risky bet they didn't cover Saturday. It's 100 to 100. So forget about the big, the vigorous, ava-goda. All set up is get a 20% cash bonus. Fish. Not some funny money match play bonus either. Tessio. VIPsforcebook.com. That's how you'll find them online or call them toll free at 186 VIP. How about Tessio for listed it? No. How about Plamenza? That number again is 186 VIP. But tell me, heard all about it. I'm QAM. I never saw a Johnny who used to do the full of more spots. Years ago when advertising on TV. So for cigarettes was legal. No. He used to say, We've all about it. We've all about it. It was the full of more spots. I don't know why he said we're all about it. But that's what Johnny used to say. Now he's probably dead from long cancer. VIPsforcebook.com. Where you are, the VIP. The VIP. The VIP. The VIP. The VIP. The VIP. The VIP. The VIP. The VIP. The VIP. The VIP. The VIP. The VIP. The VIP. That's my new colon. It smells like onion dip. What is it? That's onion dip colon. That explains it, I guess. That's right. Next question. You know, those all the speculation that you will all up, please. You know, there was all that speculation that you weren't going to run. I know. I fooled the whole world. What changed your mind? What mind? What changed your decision to run for governor? This is in the easy community. It's not easy to make when you are informed. What does that mean? It's onion dip colon. No, I don't mean about the colon. I mean, what did that statement mean? Right. Next question. What is it? I go to sacramental. I will pump up sacramental. What exactly are you going to do that? I'm going to pump it up. How? By pumping. But this is a government. This isn't a gym. No, pumping. Speaking of pumping, there have been some allegations that you have. Oh, that's a straight half of where you tread small report to man. Well, there have been reports that you have strayed in your mind. Straight. You straight. It's onion dip colon. It's very nice. Thank you. I'm going to pump up sacramental. It's the governor. I will be the best governor of California since you would harm free. He would hump. He was never the governor of California. Exactly. He's onion dip colon. If you're not a doctor, don't you find a strange that if he's really that much of a racist his name is Sparks nigger? How many of you that's why it is? 1233 at 5.60 WQAM. Let's take one from Fort Lauderdale. Hello. How are you doing? Pretty good. Listen, your boy Mo is branching out. I'm just driving past university here. And I go by a restaurant at the church. I guess you'll have to go to next time you're in town. It's a university in commercial. It's called Mo Southwestern Grill. I guess he is the head right again. So yeah, he's branching out. Hey, listen. I hate to talk about something that actually matters. But after our liar and chief speech last night, I happened to be online today. And I don't know if you have access to AOL, but they have a place where they're talking about a speech and they have people who have gone online and made comments about it. And I'm expecting to read all these comments from the TATI. It's the support. And I guarantee you if you go on there and check it out 75 or 80% of the comments on there are 100% negative. That is certainly caused for optimism unless the Democrats really shoot themselves in the foot and it will even dig them more on than everybody. Yeah, I think this year's president am a long ways away. But I think next year's election is one for the Democrats to lose. Which they're good at doing that, but I think it's the only way they can lose. They certainly are and at least it's no longer appears to be a foregone conclusion that president's company will be reelected to our second term. Now these polls are last over the weekend or looking pretty grim for him. Yeah, and I'm totally broken up about it. Hey, I mean too. I'm a lawyer. They're in Toronto. Have you ever been to North 44 restaurant? Never heard of it. It's awesome. What do they, what's their thing? It's sort of fusion, you know, sort of like the civic ram fusion too, but it's really good. Did you say Pacific Rimmer? Yeah, exactly. Good place for you. Okay, thanks a lot. Thanks a lot, pal. I've ever great to see. 5, 6, 7, maybe Rimmer could take me there. What do you say? No, I'm not answering the phone. 5, 6, 10, 10, 10. I have a great stake at Ruth Chris on Saturday night. The company was good. The meal was enjoyable. Only had a pay for two and not for like six, including strangers I never met before in my life. There's only one thing. I don't want to make a big draw on out thing, but one thing I want to say about your former. Wait, did he have a lot of cuts back? Yeah. God. I mean, talk about having no shame. Like it's like it's an entitlement of some kind. You know, well, I know you're making a lot of money. So here's the check, pal. You know, hi, buddy. Girl. Yeah. I mean, don't even look at it. Just pass that thing down and stick it in my hand. And oh, ooh, the thought of it. Five, six, seven, five, 60. How's the, who's the greatest fictional character in movies or TV? Where ask them, they're theorages.com. Do you have it in 54 votes? And George is cracking his knuckles again. James Bond, 110. Superman 41. Sherlock Holmes, 28. Darth, I mean, this is, you know, James Bond is so far ahead. Yeah. Darth Vader, 27 Archie, bunker 24 in the end of Jones, 21. Michael Coyone, in 19. Batman, 13. Dracula 11. Mad Max 10. Captain Kirk 8, dirty Harry seven inspector, Clueso 5. Mr. Spockforce, Spider-Man 4, Bugs Bunny for already. Rocky 3. George Jefferson 3, Wonder Woman 3, Freddy Krueger's got a pair. I told you. Of course you can put anybody on there or get a pair. Tarzan 2, 0, 1. Rambo 1. I bet you that was, who was it? The only teen who's probably got a big pair. Uh, voter for Zoro Rambo 1. Bull, Bull, jinkl by moose has got one. Frankenstein and Norman Vaidstow have any? No votes for Frankenstein? Now let me say this to you. Okay. You remember young Doctor Frankenstein with Jean Wilder? Sure. A panic, right? Then there was another Frankenstein one with the Michael Ceres. That I remember the name of it. I don't even probably Frankenstein. Frankenstein's something. But I mean, there was a Zillion Frankenstein movie. At least. Then there was the 3D Frankenstein, Harvey Corridwood. I never saw that. I thought it theater. Was that the definitive one? No. And Frankenstein unbound. Right. The Robert De Niro or somebody like that. Wait, he talking again. No. The parents come in there and straighten a thing out to begin to fill out the time she can get him on a pair of. No. I'm going to tell you right now. I could be sick for several days, Clarence. You want to play a hardball? Okay. This is no Christmas. You're in Toronto. This is like the old master at forcing your hand. And if you get your hand out of the beast's tongue long enough to get fill out the paperwork, maybe it gets got paid you idiot. These beeslies. What a cheap keep. And you know, the immediate response from somebody. Idiots. Yeah, but we're going to let money. They're paying you. The only reason they're paying me that money is number one because it's in the contract. And number two because I'm making a million's and millions of dollars. That's the only reason. And believe me, they don't like it. They resent it. In fact, at the bottom of every paycheck, there's like a little note, we're paying you, and spite of the fact we're not too happy about it. They even write that on there. But they are so freaking tight. They just don't want to let go. Can you imagine, can you even begin to imagine you might have money? Those beeslies you got? No, I don't want it. It'll make me, oh, Jesus. Every time George looks at that, pay that. It's a good thing you don't get to check it. So you don't get that stub, right? stubby. Kind of like me. It's one of the few things we haven't common. Look at our stubs, we start to cry. Here's Riviera Beach, hello. How much for your pole King Kong? No. And by the way, one more Gulf of oxygen before the next call, please. But what? It's not like he was under Virginia. Maybe there was Governor O'Ban and from Indiana calling from his hospital. But, oh, it's too late. Five, six, a King Kong was, although, you know, I really shouldn't poop that so bad because King Kong, we could do it. We'll be monsters. I think King Kong is good. I want to take that back. I apologize, sir, but take Gulf of oxygen anyway. Oh, King Kong is good. Well, then we have to put Godzilla in there. Nobody doesn't know King Kong, right? Now, I forget about Godzilla. Godzilla is small potatoes. But King Kong was like, huge. Godzilla made more movies. Did he? Sure. Well, let's put a both on there, okay? King Kong and Godzilla for the big people out there, for the big, for like the John Holmes crowd. How about John Holmes? No, he was for real. I was the sad part. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, by the way, he's still dead in Peter and Rortzester 82. And he's still. Squirt, squirt. A straight shooter. Let me put, who's the best straight, straight shooter for movies of all time? Clint Eastwood, Peter North. Kenneth. John Holmes. Five, six, seven. He was, he was disgusting, you know what? Stop and take, that's a good pull for one day too. Like when we have nothing else to do, like maybe tomorrow. Seriously, the grossest porno star of all time. Oh, Terry Reins. Ron Jeremy. Oh, that's a good one. Yeah, the winner. Hands down your pants. Even if he is still double-dryned. See what I don't understand is. And I did see that one flick. I did a long time ago where he does himself. Uh-huh. But how can you have such a big pup again? Still have that, I mean, that is quite a feat. Right. It's a fine thing, not a gut thing. It's a spine thing. You have to be able to bend your spine. I see. Mocha do it, but he's fine. Twenty-two-one at five, sixty-one. You can't be got the mad dog boys. That's going to be a sorrowful thing today from two to four. I would love to have heard him at the end of the game yesterday. Wow. He must have been psychotic. That's so good. Wow. Then we got the Humperous back in town. It's about time. It looks like he's on his schedule. Now the party's over Hank. Tank from 4 to 6.35 at Chulas. And then we got all the Marlins stuff. And then we're going to be taping. Never keep William Shorthy. The Cleveland around South Beach. So it'll wait tonight. Any interest? After yesterday. And don't bring your Aves or Watermelons or stuff like that. Ooh, that was a bad choice, you know. Anyway, let me tell you about speaking of watermelon balance for life. They might bring you a little slice, although they have some beautiful fruit. Have you ever seen a beautiful strawberries they use? Yes, they have blueberries. They can use your hand. Captain Cui would really be proud. You'll be proud too when a weight is off your body. You can start losing like crazy and you can finish some real clothing. Because balance for life if you stick with it really works. You can lose it. Turn away like the beast is done. You'll sure. Now, you're a T after a week. You'll look better and he is right now. There's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting, no big sun and a dance, no figuring with diaries and crap. All you do is just pick up the black sack at your doorstep every morning. By six in the morning where we want them delivered. And it's right there as dependable as the weather in Alaska. And right inside your sack are three delicious fresh gourmet meals. Two delicious snacks. You can't be to the stick. Nothing frozen. Nothing artificial. No preservative. No little boxes of garbage. Everything made with a beautiful fresh ingredients that you love. And of course there's plenty of food in there to keep you on a program all week long. And the only choices you have to make are filling out that little diet to sheet that they give you no sheet. Every week to alternative for each meal every day to try to program and the snacks. So that balance for life helps you lose that weight. Finally, you're desperate. It's unhealthy. You look like crap. You're walking around wearing top tents in gigantic oversized guiaburas. Forget about that. But balance for life helps you see the results on that skill within days and keep losing it. So 9.5.4. 5.6.8. 30. 29. 9.5. 4.5. 5.6. 32.29. And change your life and waistline forever. Or check them on the web if you like it balance for life.com. We're supposed to renew 5.6. 2. 2. 2. 2. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I've been alive. I think it is mine. To keep it in his hands. I think it is mine. It cannot keep it in his hands. my mental condition is rolling low. get tender. get tender accustomed to get stronger. get needed. get cracked up. get broken Chapped fishy. get fired. Get my liver. But you still hurt was it Now, Kobe knows he's got a good lawyer to pay for the show. He's true. His wife won't say a thing. Wouldn't he all hog your brain or he's true? Prop 48 at 56, you've got to be happy Monday too. We've got heavy duty stuff going on this week, don't we? We don't know what any of it is yet. Most kind of like back to it, regular schedule. That's good. That's a good start. And then we got all the dolphins coming in kill and some good time. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. This team is out for some kind of vintage. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. You know what it reminds me of? Remember Jimmy's Johnson? Yeah. We got a shot. How about that? Sure. It's enough to inspire me almost. Not quite, but almost to play. Jimmy and Danny and Danny. I bet you're not enough to make a lot of people want to those days back. You know what I'm saying? I think so. And couldn't happen. Here's what Lauderdale, hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey, I don't know what I was thinking about what I was smoking, but I made the biggest mistake of going to see the horror came down at the toilet bow. I'm sorry, the orange bow. Yeah. And it was quite an experience. Of course, I'm a gamer fan, but I didn't wear orange and blue. Knowing how nasty and rude they are. And we had plastic bottles being thrown at us. They stopped serving alcohol at half time. What do you do? The native clock game at night. We are about six thirty. They're already all plastic. They're all being bad jater meat. Yeah. Exactly. By five p.m. they were wasted. But then they had to add insult to injury and drink more alcohol in the stadium. So it was just a beautiful experience. And I'm just looking so much forward to going back down to my amy. But with all those great horror teams, they are there. The unembarousness of the city. They're an embarrassment to humanity. What did the human race that's correct? What pigs there such pigs? They have no class at all. They can win ten national campuses and they're still somebody. Excellent. I've got to say, you'll have a good day. And you too, they're very well said, you know, even a championship scumbag is still a scumbag. Don't forget. All right, guys. Big blow. Exactly. I'm so sick and tear that whole ambiance of what that thing has become. But it's not even a university. It's just a football factory. You know what I'm saying? Right. Aiming at pornography to hit music piracy. I want to make sure I get this stuff in before I do a climb. This is on our website, too, for New York Times. The recording industry struggling to curb music piracy. Now, a shining spotlight on another demon lurking on the internet pornography. Oh my god. Right. The industry is trying to winless broader public support with the campaign intended to show that it's nemesis. The peer-to-peer networks for swapping files like Kazah and Morpheus are used not going to trade songs, but also pornographic images, including child pornography. As the guy in a record industry and as a parent, I am shocked that these services are being used to lure children to stuff that is really ugly. Said Andrew liked the chief executive of Sony Music Entertainment. The same people that had the big deal with Michael Jackson, by the way. One of the most notorious pedophiles in the history of the universe. And that is not ironic. No. Oh. Others ask whether raising the issues more than little, let's call up what's his name. See if Michael's at CFPLE is home. Either. Other's ask whether raising the issue is more than little cynical from industry that heavily promotes music with sexual and violent themes. The entertainment companies have engaged in a deliberate and despicable campaign of lies to smear peer-to-peer technology for political purposes. Just a fellow, uh, core when a lobbyist for a Charming Networks, the publisher of Kazah, the largest file sharing service that try to associate us unfairly with the most violent and society child pornography. Let me say it again. How hypocritical for the chief executive of Sony Music to be screaming about Kenny porn on the internet when his company is subsidized in the Benin business with the world's biggest most notorious pedophile for a hell of a long time. How many years? I've heard of it. Yeah. How do you like that? Yeah. So I just mentioned that in passing. Just another area now where everything's going to be censored. I mean, sure there should be no kitty porn on that. But, of course, they're going to have the big wide web. You know, on the wicked web. It's just a matter of time before these bastards are going to want to censor everything on there. Just like we got to be public wounds now, the right wingers. Well, we got to stop this offshore gambling. This internet gambling. Let's just stop everything. Okay. Everything can be illegal. There you go. Right. You name it. I'll actually legal cancel that. Like broadcasting. The only thing that's going to still be legal for poor folks is going to be breeding the fresh year and they're going to start charging for that. You know, it reminds me of like in the gang stations. You know, and some of the minorists are getting away from that because it's embarrassing. The air charging you for air to put air in your tires. You got to work that compressor. Yeah. What is that unbelievable? Charging you for air. To put air in your tires mobile. I noticed this is to stop doing that. At least the one mobile up there by the saw grants. I like to take that that hose and stuff it in there. Yeah. Yeah. Take your air in the stuff it. Asoles. And a go by the way. Doesn't do that. I don't know. I see quarter slots everywhere I go. How about dime slots. That's more your speed. 5 6 7 0 5 6 7 0 5 6. Mucher hot. When you said quarter slots. It's just I start. I got a quarter menu. Quarter menu. Why kind of can I want a 25 million huh? I don't know. But you're asking. Here's a call from Jacksonville. Let's say hello. One in a wrong line. I knocked that one off. Fembert Pines. Hello. Yeah. Hey Neil. Love your show buddy. I'm sure. I just want to start doing good shows. It's going to be great. I know. A little follow up to the guy before on the University of Miami. Oh wait. That's the University of Carl Gables isn't it? Right. By the way, you can't spell scum without UM. A little old. Thank you very much. A little old. But that's a little correct. Yeah. You and just about I mean they did win the game. I will say that made a big comeback. But the fact that the matter is you know. Spectative win by the spread is 14.5 and a half. And you win by five and a desperate come from behind at home no less. We're to respect it to win every guy named Game Or else. See that that's the fallacy that hold UM's fandom that whole program is that if they lose one game it's a bad season. It's like the end of the world. And everybody and thousands and thousands jump off the bandwagon. Or if they're not if they're playing like a lesson like I mean it was the gator. That's a big insta rivalry. But if they're playing like East Carolina. Is that game in East Gator? Where is that game next this weekend? Let me take a few. Huh? Well, I don't respect you to no or even Scott to no because he doesn't give a crap. Oh, it's East Gator. It's another home game. Oh, let's see how many people they have for the East Carolina pirates at the orange bull. How many thousands are going to show up for that? About third man. Yeah. Because once again, you can be danger that the game on Saturday was probably like 50, 50 gator fans at her and they're not going to be a good game. But if you're not going to be a good game on Saturday, you can be a good game on Saturday. And if you're not going to be a good game on Saturday, you can be a good game on Saturday. And if you're not going to be a good game on Saturday, you can be a good game on Saturday. And if you're not going to be a good game on Saturday, you can be a good game on Saturday. And if you're not going to be a good game on Saturday, you can be a good game on Saturday. And if you're not going to be a good game on Saturday, you can be a good game on Saturday. And if you're not going to be a good game on Saturday, you can be a good game on Saturday. And if you're not going to be a good game on Saturday, you can be a good game on Saturday. That's the only place they're going to get the money. They've texted everything else to the health. They're giving all the wealthy people their tax money back. I was listening to Diane Reinshow on NPR and the hours worth of screenless callers. One was pro bush. And she said, well, you've got all these people. They're screening them. So of course, they're going to have that opinion and Diane, what not she said. We do not do not ever screen. Anyway, listen, you know, that thing on CBS, 60 minutes about Canada with this, is that? Yeah, you know, is that really still the way it is? Because I think that program was a year old. About Canada was what? The terrorist are all up there. They're all coming out. Oh, that's a best of bunch of bullcraft. They've got this one group of Pakistanis that they're investing in. I mean, I'm not saying that there aren't plenty of them up here because we've got many, many Zillions. I don't know how many million. About two million. On the Middle East, you know, packies and all these other people. But, you know, they don't know where to hell they are. Well, they made it sound like there's one at every corner and you better be careful because it's not going to go. I'm looking out the window right now. Looks like one to me. It's a schmatha head. Oh boy. When you're here, you have to check the head. You're very carefully. All right. Thanks. I'll take your blood. I'm the best of my best of my best. Especially with Thursday being the second anniversary of 9.11. Almost as exciting as the anniversary at the Y2K thing. Everybody remembers that. Huh? Into the world. It's the end of the world on, on. What is it? Why? 2K. I always show it to say that's three about that P. Why? 36 or whatever. Hell one. I think of all the mileage. That hormone. Oh, it's good. Anyway, 1256. Now what she usually says at the end, I was good. Don't forget, research shows fat is an organ. Guides knew research explained ruined diets. And here's the pictures in the national post today, the secret life of fat. My name is No. This is Pushwitty in the city of 2 AM. The bonus button, since Felizh Vida has won the Tasha 9.0. They have to look for motion square. Instead, we listen to the neurologist's parent and balance went to 2 hours. Okay, okay. So, I can't be by another inch. I'm a car on the street. The minute to beat, I'm not the crucially single used up all the change I made. She'd realize then, she'd have wrote a ten. She'd have had no. The fairy at all, I'm away back home. But I got nowhere to go. That's why I'm asking you, Joe. I'm talking to the man that goes. I'm asking you to love it so much. But he has to look for the heart of all you. If you want to find the bridge, you go over me. Because this lane's only at that. She got me with the mind and the double. I'm begging him to love the train. But he has to look for the heart of all you. If you want to find the bridge, you go over me. If you take a walk, where the exit changes, you'll see the way you're like. And the man is on the path across the bridge. I'm a minute, I'm dying. I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying. I'm dying, I'm dying. I'm dying, I'm dying. I'm dying, I'm dying. I'm dying, I'm dying. I'm dying, I'm dying. Oh, he's... Feel the change. Anyway, I want to ask you a question about Michael Jackson in a second. But first, you know what? You just faxed me? What? Former Captain 40 was an intense plan. Doug Gilmore expected to be tear for keeps today. Yeah. And about the fact that the Toronto Maple Leafs have called a news conference Monday 1pm. As that steam makes love in, and admire him the most with the heart. That's great. There's Thai dummy. I mean, don't we? Not all of us can make those moves and the passes of Doug makes. Doug Gilmore 40, recovering from the injury he's the returning of it. Nice, queer Doug. But time to hang it up, okay? We don't need no more old aging, uh, fuddy dutdies, all right, Doug. Like Phil, how's William O'Leas, other guys who can't play no more? Anyway, the Michael Jackson thing, uh, I just want to make sure. I don't think this is it. Now, you know the one I'm talking about the one that I had to ask Bob Green about, uh, to the tune of, uh, we are the world. What is the name of that? I can't find it nowhere. I don't know the rest. Huh? The Michael Jackson tour. That's a good question. It's got to be in here. What is that called? Maybe Eric knows what it's called or at least which is it. It'll come to me. Will it? Yeah. There's Thai dummy. He and his wife and we have been very active working in the community. Right. That's good, uh, Thai. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. I really wanted to play that there, but, you know, the man in tool, it's okay. Sony music, screaming about, uh, pedophiles online and child pornography, will be like rig read during a meeting about, uh, sexual harassment in a workplace. Here's Pompano, hello. Deal. Yes, sir. I got a couple of, uh, suggestions for your poll. What can we see to be peddling out here? One of them I can't believe is not on there in one marginal. But before I do, I get to say something about this, uh, BDI born again, Bosos that we got for president. You know, I actually find myself rooting for the doubt to drop in for the, uh, JavaScript rate to go up just so that I can show the data here. Oh, yeah, because heaven forbid that the economy makes this unexpected rebound. And so we can get off the hook by saying, see all those tax cuts to the rich, really work and a trickle down your leg and everything's coming up for us. Yeah, and I'm jobless and I get money in the market. Right. All right. Two suggestions for the poll. I can't believe that this is, this is supposedly the most popular character worldwide ever on television. Oh, my God. Oh, Colombo, of course. That should be, uh, definitely. I can't believe they've been pretty weak today. This crowd, you know, I posted over there. Yeah, uh, keeper. And then the other one, do you remember the old fugitive? Yeah. David, uh, Jackson. David, was a Jensen? David, Jensen. Yep. That was a great character. College kids were, that was like, uh, uh, it was a cope following for that show. Yeah, and they made, like, 75 different movies out of it too. I'm going to put them both on it, both good. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pral. All right, buddy. Colombo and the fugitive. How do you like that? Got him. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty now. You'll notice that, uh, the overwhelming majority of the, well, maybe not. Maybe I'm getting a little carried out. I think so. Most of these that we've had, just they are like movie characters, not TV. Right. Which don't you find that a little bit strange because TV characters are like, you know, that's recurring like the famous shows they stay on for years and years as opposed to, like movies, they aren't really all that many sequels. There were a few, you know, like Star Wars, Star Trek, whatever. But there just aren't that many, uh, sequels. It's incredibly spikken. So, once you find it a little peculiar, maybe TV, maybe that's how bad TV is. It's bad. How about canon? Fodder. For your father, for your father. Now we're not putting canon on there. I just like the William Conrad. I thought he was neat. I thought he was rather, of course, you don't watch any of those. So why would you watch Colombo? You don't watch Colombo either, right? I thought I was going to watch a cop show. It wouldn't be about a fat Baldwin. Or guy with one eye. Pop by in a trench coat. Watch out for those old guys in the trench coat. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T of a rise of our list line. Here's like worth hello. Hey Neil, good afternoon. Good afternoon to you. You were talking about this internet pornography stuff. There was a very interesting case of a man that lives right here in South Florida, where all the other scum originated. Oh my god. That was, uh, doing websites and even facing the websites on type, type of people would make like teletoffies. He would have a website that would be one letter off. And he would lure kids to the site and he'd get 25 cents per hit on each site from these companies. And they busted them down here in South Florida. He was pulling down a million bucks a year. Jesus. And our John Ashcrofts, I saw something on ABC World News. And he's now going after the vendors of the videos and toys, the legitimate vendors. And they're going to go after these videos as being obscene. And they're trying their first. Hey, this is this more obscene or less obscene of those breast up. Wow. I mean, I don't even know what constitutes obscene. I mean, a porn on the porn on and the guy, you know, the guy that's getting sued. He's like, look, I'm not forcing anybody to buy it. You know, you have to have a credit card. And they're going to be a big vendor out of California. And they're going after him to try and shut him down. And it's going to be really scary to see what happens because what you said, if, you know, as long as it doesn't involve children, I mean, who cares? Right. And the thing that John Ashcrofts here is because he doesn't want to solve a rotten hell. No, no, no. And he's from ourselves. And those statues with the naked boobs hanging out. But and also to answer a question that one of your callers had in regards to all of this war and everything. And when you callers asked how we're going to pay for it. And it ends very simple. They're borrowing the money. And that's why the deficit is going way up because all of this money is not money that we actually have. It's money that we're just adding to the deficit. So we're just borrowing it. If these people, like myself, I got $800 for my two kids. I didn't need it. I gladly would have said, hey, you know, you take it back for all I care. I don't need it. That money is not a tax break per se. That money is in advance on the taxes. So no matter how you want to look at it, eventually you're going to be getting 800 bucks less down the road. And that's how that works. And a lot of people just think that that's money that the government's going to give you. No, they're giving it to you this year. But over the course of the next few years, it's going to come back out of your taxes. Really all it is is an advance on your money and all the rest of the money that they're going to spend on this abortion of a war is simply going to borrow it. And that's why the deficit is just ballooning. It's going to be the biggest one that we ever had. You know, I needed to know in just two years to be able to come in and take a $2 trillion surplus and turn into a $500 billion deficit. And you know, we're... The president Clinton had put us on such the right path. And I know Al Gore for, you know, I know you're not a big Gore fan, but you know what? He was another one that said that he wanted to keep the budget balanced. And you know what within four years of his term, we would be at a zero deficit. Right. Now, the problem with Gourmet was he couldn't win a first election. I was the problem. No, I understand. But, you know, and last of all, I don't know how the panthers are going to survive this year without people war. Have a great day, pal. Well, come and see. Of course, I will say this. There won't be anything for the people to be screaming about because that was the one thing. Hey, come on, tomorrow, hit somebody. Come on. And that was the biggest segment because the team basically sucked. And I don't know what to hell. I don't know what to say because it's the ticket prices continue. They didn't raise them, but there's still outrageous. And they're going to put a very mediocre product out there, barring some miracle that happens before the season started, which I don't know who the hell are going to get those left. It's going to be bad. It's going to be bad. You know what I'm saying, George? It's going to be righteous. Right. But that's okay because, you know, you got your little core fans. How many seasons took us, we got this year? About third man. Research, Joe's fat is an organ. Yeah, you know who I need to find? Oh, the organ. You have to find him on the street, chrony. To find the organ grinder. Yeah. You're rid of this organ. No, I said on the throne meeting this door this morning, it was a real fire opener. I'll get to it. Fum and it's after one at five, 60 WMD. Hostel hysterical mad dog at two. He's going to be wound up like an alarm clock today. You just know he's pissed off and fired up. After that incredible, unbeleivable loss yesterday to a little teeny tiny girls team from, uh, who knows where, from probably Lubric Texas. Much a little children, uh, and another more of the age of 10. If you've got a really crappy job, if you're underpaid, if you feel like you're working your ass off and getting nowhere, like you're on a treadmill, underappreciated by some asshole boss, which is the case in most of the life, how'd you like to have yourself a new high paying career thanks to getting some skills at fast train. Call fast train today and change your life. Call 1-8-6 fast train. They can have you train in certified before years end. And the demand for computer professionals is continuing to grow. There's no end in sight. So there's no of a better time than right now to get you out of your rut into a new high paying career. Just as Todd Rack, he'll tell you what his scam he's got pulling a QOM. You can make even more money than he is. Fast train offers job placement assistance, convenient to eating weekend schedules. And our six-floor locations are going for in South Florida. So there's bottom to be one convenient for where you live. Fast train offers you financial assistance. So pick up the phone and call fast train today. Tol-free 1-8-6 fast train. You got nothing to lose but that dead end job. 1-8-6 fast train first check them out on the web at fast train.com. And then make that toll-free call and ask away it's 1-8-6 fast train. My local hearsports video 5-60's UAM. Coming next year, the King of Thought. Put a tray your home down. To range a benefit the Cardinal Classy School for wayward boys. It's Michael Jackson. The most related pick-in. A Cardinal Fairies at the time. Michael Jackson. And a mission. Because the Cardinal Amy Jail is gonna learn. It's these back all right. The white school of shi-ex. Yes Michael performs all of his greatest hits. From oldies with the Jackson 5. They're gonna make a B-B-B. I'm gonna down on my knees. We're losing the good days. A-B-C-S-R-A-M-E-A-M-E-B-U-M-E. That's right. From the time of tunes of the Jackson 5, But the classic solo work, Michael Jackson's benefits to our aims to please. The people are so round the super-foggy band. Nile, some call me big brother, Some are better style. And I know what true to fire, I just sit for a while and beat it beat it beat it fire. I'm fucking a cop. I hate beatin' beatin' beatin' beatin' I know Jackson. Sometimes I'm put a present on your sit-around. So can we be more a cop? From a call we call again? When I'm homin' don't say, Make it by the phone. I hate beatin' beatin' beatin' And be one of the five buttonboys To receive backstage passes. It's a hangout. I didn't Michael Jackson's pressing. Michael Jackson's benefits. And hey, yeah. Am I out? Yes, Bobby? Is that your real skin color? It's inside the count. But I know a game that we can play to find out. And to be a fly, you know it's time to free willy. Say, say, what you want? But you know who I do the reaction. But we don't know how to read. But then to boys give me a reaction. And here are the rousing finale. Yes, Michael sings this song here. But it's showin' of the world. With the Vienna Boys' choir back in the him up. I don't like girls. I like girls. She'll run. They aren't even more to turn me on. And hey, I don't dare win. If it's a choice of many. I might screw on to life. But it's true. They make you great as they. When they're just by. And here are other great Michael Jackson classics. Like Billy's James. Do you know how to tell time? And of course, smooth criminal. And here are the Michael Jackson's tour. It's a bit of the cargo class in school. The way we're boys. Get your tickets now. Boys, entertainment and free. If you want to copy by no one. They're white. They're beautiful. They're beautiful. They're tiny. They're black. They're white. They're beautiful. They're tiny. They're tiny. They're tiny. But was really pissed off. We couldn't find that. So I dug in. In 1994, best in the old song. I'd like that. And it'll be in my DCS momentarily. Like right after the show. How do you like their maples? All right. That's a classic. That's one of the all-time greats. And I think that it nearly slipped. There. There. That would be really bad. Go on to be losing that. Doug Gilmore retired by the way. Old number 93. There he is. So. So thanks for the memories. This thing you just passed me. This is sensational. I love my country. I hate my president by James C. Moore. It's a co-author of Bush's Brain How Carl Robe made George W. Bush president. I should read this. You know, don't have time right now. Do I? Can I read this in some minutes, you think? Yeah. Okay. It's like three minutes. It is. I'll give it a shot. This scene was really important. Seriously then threw out or seen the partie in rehearsal. YiQi here, he'll know. I didn't see any inky lines in his smartphone. m Blackfish.hangs, never heard of that. He. Oh. He, if he saw the camera up again. Now he does. The scene. It makes quite an ople. He has a question. Not sure of where to say what exactly did he. That would be funny. Well, he's known to me as the neon steel. Every inside we seemoorted were really technically We seemoorted Gefhl. An ingredient inaction. Something, he told me. The scientist Drew K motivates my niego to make a copy. rental cars dented, the historical revisionists began to march to podium to try to find good things to say, every man of course should have friends to speak of him at his passing, but they should speak the truth. Let the opinions of his enemies also be heard. None of the missions was spoken for and they were many in manifest all across America. Another report knowing that it came of age during the Vietnamese and Watergate there is asking me what I thought about the former president being gone. I tried to remain ambivalent but it was an easy. It's not a good thing to be happy about somebody else's death I told her, but I certainly I've never known what it is to like to hate anyone until now, until George W. Bush became president. I hate Mr. Bush and what he's doing to my country. I can't believe the range of duplicities involved in his administration, he gratuitous lying to serve profit and political purpose. As the president lies about Iraq lies about the economy lies about the environment lies about his tax cut, lies about the education, lies about the budget lies about his real interest in Africa, lies about how the hella-burdenies destroying the American public space and the democratic process. Mr. Bush's dumb things in my name and yours which repulsed me. I have no doubt that Saddam Hussein's two sons needed to be brought to justice, but I was disgusted by country-gave sponsored the notion of showing their dead faces on TV, is though that might reassure the Iraqis. This was the modern international equivalent of brutal tribes placing their conquers foes head on a spike in the town square. I despise the way Mr. Bush done where I'm filled with all the neocons that have helped the military plan that said our brave soldiers to secure oil fields, rather than protecting the people of Iraq, the institutions of their culture and commerce, which Sodom Hussein had been misusing for decades. The president and his cynic in chief Carl Roeva are using a manufactured war to keep Americans scared, and it's working. But I'm ashamed that the president of my country would go back to the U.N. of a very organization that ignored many large-door to ask up and securing Iraq. Mr. Bush grew up in West Texas where billboards dot the Permian-based landscape with a message, what U.S. out of U.N. and because Roeva wants to keep the fundamentalist right happy Mr. Bush made clear that he would act without the imprimatur of the U.N. and now he has the audacity to seek itself. I'm repost by my president. He allowed the drums of order to get hammered over aluminum tubes, which would ever meant for anything more deadly than the making of rockets. The whole notion of the tubes being part of the construction of a set of fusion of a refuted by several international organizations including America's own Lawrence Livermore Laboratories, 14 months before the story was leaked away from plant-leazy U.S. media. The tubes were the construction of Medusa 81 rockets and a tad in design weapon. Everybody in the intelligence community knew it and rovin' a White House Iraq group sent down orders that government intelligence experts were to keep their mouths shut about descending information. I'm ashamed of the actions that my president's allowed to take place in our democracy and vestitory Joseph Wilson and his wife has been most at her lives in service to our country. When he was asked by the state Department of Check on claims that Iraq had tried to acquire uranium from Niger and vestitory Wilson came back to report that documentation was a complete fake. The White House ignored his intelligence and the president put the claim in his speech. Wilson was devoted his life to the truth, wrote an op-ed piece in the times and not too many weeks later, discovered that calmness Robert Novak was revealing his wife's name and her undercover responsibilities for the CIA. Novak has long been Carl Roe's favorite leak. During the presidential campaign, my report has began talking about Mr. Bush's time in the Texas National Guard. Roe's suggested you guys shouldn't make too much of a few missed meetings. A few days later, during a discussion on the issue on CNN's crossfire, Novak told other commentators they were getting carried away over a few missed meetings. His Roe's concerto hand puppet. By leaking Ambassador Wilson's wife's name to Novak and by Novak running a column of butter, Carl Roe has committed treason, violated the National Security Act and should be brought to justice as surely and swiftly as Osama bin Laden ought to be. All the end of cover operatives, Mrs. Wilson, dealt with during her career up overseas, many of the Americans and our risk of being killed by the arms dealers, with thought they were something other than CIA agents. There are too many lies, too many transgressions to list. Richard Nixon and a less cynical are a totally one, and we were also supposedly a front of supremely offended by what he did to our democracy. George W. Bush and Carl Roe was told dozens each one of the more damaging than lying about the break in of a political headquarters, and he has built Clinton live, but nobody died. He told an all-too-common meal I have a consensual sex. We did not send the sons and daughters of America marching off to war-waring the boots of a well-toiled lie. George W. Bush's one-term will mark a low point in our country's history, but if we pay closer attention and we vote we can recover, I love my country, but I hate my president. Written by James and you will offer a push as a grain of Carl Roe's George W. Bush presidential. Outstanding. Thanks to whoever facts that I think it was five minutes I liked it. Well, not but at least before the break we got to get the commercials in man. I don't like this, you know, starting stops, I don't know what that's all about. I don't like getting to up to see Jackillitis. Once I start I like sweeping it right on through. How's that pull coming? Who is the greatest fictional character in movies or TV of all time? James Bond hands down your pants 134 Superman 47. He could fly. Darth Vader 40, Archie bunker 36, Sherlock Holmes 33 and the end of Jones 32. Michael Corleone 22, Batman 17, Dracula 14, Tablet Bugs Bunny. Mad Max 11, everybody else in single digits. Small taters. 26. Acto on Doug Yelmau retires and the least will not be wasted money on number 93. This year that's good. Nice career, Doug. Thanks for the memories. Thanks, Rob. Good stuff, go away. Hey, if you're trying to make that wait go away for on the Eckens that ran the other low carb diets like that. What does she call it? Susie Summers, Summersizing, Super Susie. What is it? Oh, that's what she put her kids on. It's the underwater diet. Anyway, if you're on a low carb diet, you'll love this store that we always talk about. The lights of West Book. Because it's the store for you. The number one low carb sugar fee store in the universe. Over 900 is skip. If you ever get me new coffee for this, just ask him. With over 900 low carb sugar fee products, the lights of West Book is introducing no one's all the time like. There are new low carb instant cup of soup. All you do is add a little water to it pop it into microwave. It's a low carb meal in the cup. And for the delicious flavors, be sure and try. They're fantastic low carb muffins for a quick breakfast. And they've got all kinds of good stuff. Low carb hot cocoa. You're in an individual-sized cheesecake, apple cider, blondies, brownies. How about blondie? And don't forget the lights and credible selection of low carb pasta's, sauces, dressings, chips, chocolates. Their world famous carbolite ice cream, the brand new duties low carb peanut brittle. The carbolite rated drink chocolate in the noelestroxits. It's a low carb meal in the can and the at last. And literally you'll be saying thank goodness at last chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars with no malt at all. So those of you with a sense of the sense of the sense of the stomach like I got. Don't be spending half the day on the throne. The lights of West Book are for audio diners out there. It's a godsend and all the Eftans brand products are on sale all day every day. The open daily 10 to 10 you'll find them on the Northeast corner of Glades in 441. Next to Boston Market. If you want more info, just call them toll free at 1-877 low carb or shop them on the way of it low carb.com. The lights of West Book are truly be your official Atkins retail center. And three-tarted ham wedges. Don't go to the bottom. The TV. He's president come to the door. Republic and muscle is and in our kingdom it is. I don't know why. They won't want just yabinize his ears. First through the neck and core he needs. With president dumb shit. Oh, what I did to go most on small and get to we go home. If you want this, don't go low. Lift strumming stupid knees. Don't go low. Lift strumming stupid knees. He's president dumb shit. You got him in my hook and cross. You and I have a house on the earth. Without a great leader. With president dumb shit. What the shit is we get on the website. I came in which they was. 69% of Americans think that the rack had something to do with 9-11. Yeah. So what's the chance? Maybe the poll results are changing slowly. Maybe we're just a little bit slow to catch on. But they're finally getting there. You know what I'm eating for lunch right now? I give up. I look warm weiner. Dahlam on a stanochala Jose. What? No, that's my lunch. Yeah. Yeah, why? And your dinner? No. What does that mean? In other words, that's all I'm supposed to eat all day. Weiner's. I said weiner's not tube steak. Oh, God. Thanks to Sandy by the way. Any a North Ackries for the fact that you just passed the morning about the ransom. Obviously what happened. I think it was Friday. I'm not sure that they sealed up all the things we'll finally out. Get a report to Sam. See how my friends at Crispy Critters are doing. I never told you this story. I told you part of the story about the ATN people. Which I think they're very much by the way. Maybe we'll be calling them. I don't know. But Crispy Critters was like kind of dragging their feet on coming out and doing a closing up all the infi points because they're so damn busy. Right? And so finally, and it was supposed to show up. And this day, and that day, and they weren't showing up. And all they were doing was getting more rats and charging for rat that they got. Which, like I said, I thought was kind of like shooting fish in a barrel. And so John finally caught her and said, well, you don't know who you're really dealing with. Because the real name is such and such. But this happens to be near Rogers. And he's on a radio and unless you want. Which I thought he really pushed up a lot of doing that. And they were there in an hour. Huh. Yeah. They were stalling. Wow. We're really backed up on really busy and so on. They were there in an hour. So, to all my friends at Crispy Critters, I hope you do a really good job. I don't want to see rats no more. And that's it. That's the end of that tune, okay? Because that whole thing of just, you know, putting the honey authority, whatever it is, the peanut butter and just enticing them and coming. That, that, to me, doesn't seem like a really good idea, you know? No. You kind of opening up all your doors in the summertime and all the screen doors. Oh, gee, I got skaters in the house. Get the honey tune. Yeah. Exactly. Here's a call from, uh, crossprings, hello. Yeah. New. Yes, sir. Hi, hi, George. Great. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm from Buffalo. And I used to go to, uh, Toronto and, uh, party, my ass off. There's a matter of fact, uh, I ended up at, uh, Sunshine University. Oh, God. Hospital. That's down at the, and the blue street there. Um, but, uh, there's a few that, uh, that you didn't, uh, that you didn't mention, the three studios. For the poll. Yeah, but that's like three people. Are you talking about mole? That's a little bit. Yeah. And mole, I gave you that. I'm not talking about mole. Okay. Okay. Uh, right then, uh, how about Charlie Chan? Charlie Chan is good. Uh, I guess. There was another one that was made to a whole bunch of movies. And that was, with, uh, I believe, with Mirna Roy, and, uh, Paul, and where, where, where, where, where, where. They take a video on the internet. You got there. In the, you got there. The man, the man. Yeah. I can't believe George remembers that. That was before George was born. Well, that, that was, that was, that was a, that was a great series of movies. Right. And, uh, for the market and no votes. Uh, I guess, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, this, this this, the last night, when he was talking, I, and our television, gave me time to clean the toilets. And, uh, yeah. But, uh, uh, uh, but haven't read, but, uh, but haven't read. Okay. He's a little, uh, tongue tied. Thank you, sir. No, it was a good one. Charlie Chan, right? Yeah. It was a little bit, you know, this guy was a little bit tongue tied. Let's see. Oh, here you go. How about Jim Rockford the, the rockford files. What do you think now? Says I wish I owned every episode. The ones would steward marble in with the best. Steward marbling? It's a good suggestion, Dan, but I again he says for crying out loud. Don't get so upset, Dan. It's just for fun. It's just a little poll, okay? Just to kill some time on a boring Monday in South Florida. Here's one that says I thought one of the greatest lines from a movie. Three days of the condor was uttered by Joe Turner. The Robert Redford played character here to Higgins. The Cliff Robertson played character when he said the problem with you guys. The CIA is that you think not getting caught in lies the same as telling the truth. Maybe that's where George W. gets his speech strategy from. That's a possibility. Hello, when are they going to start not telling the lie? Here's one that says I disappointed in Davi. Oh, oh. Well, see, no, if you're pleasing everybody out there, just like this show. And one of these days, we will start doing some good radio, but not soon. If you're pleasing everybody, you're doing something wrong. Right, because that means you're born. Right. Just like George, he must be doing a lot right when he goes in because God, he pisses up tons of people. Like everybody. High percentage of the audience. That's a third man. Yeah. I think I'm choking on that weiner. Oh, God, I hate doing that. Yeah, that's new. It is. Don't confuse me with Marilyn Chambers, okay? Or Linda Lovey. I don't think there's any chance of that. Do you never know? I'm a dress up. I've experienced him. Disappointed and Davi writes, I realize I'm probably in the minority with the opinion, but I hate the feral show. How do you like that? I'm going to kick his ass and then I'll steal his tooth out. Okay, Tom, Tom. You just, this is you'd expect with a voice-o-grating that it sounds like he's a pack of cigarettes and a couple of cocktails away from a learned drink. They're inspected me. He would at least be entertaining, as what it says. Anyways, as for me, I don't care about your package, your girlfriend's rack. I don't want your tickets and you're not funny, but anything is better than Moe, I guess. See, there you go. See, one thing about the smell, even if people hate him, say, hey, I don't like what he's doing. I can't stand his voice, but it's a big improvement over the moment. Yeah, he comes in, he comes in everybody in town's got open arms and legs waiting for anything. Any alternative, please, just like that thing I hate to bird, you know? Right, I hate the moment. And they do, they hit him and let me say it again, all you dolphins out there, it's Demo, it's Demo curse. The curse of the moment. Because the football gods know that you really got a jet fan and the whole family, a bunch of jet fans, you got a jet fan there, a pretend he's a wolf and sheep's clothing, which is why he keeps picking those dingleberries. Because when a sheep's got that long hair, you know? Yeah, the wolf. And every, no, I'm telling you, they got the long wool and every time they do a, they get dingleberries caught in like a cat, one of those long-haired cats. Ooh. So that's the story with Demo Man, now if we get those in for back then, that often might step it up a little bit. I didn't just mention that in passing, I'm just thinking out loud, you know, I mean, absolutely. 136 votes for James Bond, the greatest fictional character in movies or TV. Superman 49s, no contest, James Bond. Darth Vader 42, Archie Monker 38, why haven't they know all the family bits? Remind me, don't forget. And the editor, what? And the editor, John's 36, Sherlock Holmes 33, that's pretty good. Michael Cogli on in 22. Yeah, I mean, his, as the actor, his performances there were, but the character itself is, you know, I mean, that's not something like great. The character was good. But quite frankly, if I was going to really pick a character from the godfather, movies even though he was only in the first one, it would have to be the godfather, right? Sunny. Sunny, I voted Sunny when we took that poll. You think Sunny was that, no, forget about which one you like the best character in that movie? Well, again, what's the, what's the criteria? Best based on Superman. I thought your brain was on the song. Yeah. Although I still do enjoy. The thing you put in brains alone, the nice side of the league suit. Everything you put in brains alone, the nice side of the league suit. The thing you put in brains alone, the nice side of the league suit. I also like the very short line towards when he said, I'll wait. I'll wait. Remember who's on the phone? Get a little closer. I'll wait. I'll wait. The problem. The thing is, 10 per year is Sunny. Superman 49, Darth Vader 43, Archie Bunker 36, I'm repeating myself. I did it. Jones 36, Sherlock Holmes 33, Michael Corleone 22, Buzzone 18, Batman 17, to the Batman Bill. And what do you think, uh, Dick Crasen and the Bruce Wayne were doing up there? What do you think Bruce was doing with Dick? Slot him up and down polls. Dracula 16, Mad Max 12, Dirty Harry 10, Captain Kirk 9, Inspector Clueso 9, Spider-Man 7, Fred Sandford 6, Mr. Spock, Spook 6, Rocky 4, Wonder Woman 4, Bull Winkle Day, Moose 4, say, He have a little faith. Godzilla 4 Tarzan 3, 3 for Freddy Krueger 3 for George Jefferson, Frankenstein's got 3. Norman Bates 3, Rambo 2, 01 and Novots for King Kong, Columbo, or the fugitive. And we have yet to get Charlie Chen on their but eric will momentarily trust me, or else. 18, 02, a 5, 60, W to Q and by now you've been here to stock for a long time about Laminance harass and how laminated wood flooring from Mammon's harasses the smart, the easy, the low maintenance alternative to very expensive natural wood flooring. Laminance harasses the best place for you to find laminated wood flooring from the top names in the industry, peridore, pergo, will son art uniform and quistem. They've got all the top names all installed by pergo certified installers too. Here's another really good reason why I had to be calling Laminance harass their prices will floor either unbeatable. Right now you can get their September kickoff special. For just $19095, that's correct. It is $19095, it gets you up to 380 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring. It is positively unbeatable. Laminance harass will match an illegitimate wood knopper too if you want to free, in home estimate call that a Laminance harass tool freight, tell that old crusty kneel, told you to call 1-877-777-73336. What could be easier? You could speak carpet disposal, free furniture moving a 25-year warranty, and years and years of beautiful easy care laminated wood flooring. What's not to like? Call Laminance harassed today toll free 1-877-777-3336. Everyone to complain to the station. That's my opinion, I'm like Disney. Saturday night on CBS, eat it, there's back from an ad. It's the 20th anniversary of all of the family. Oh, you're lucky, Dad. If you need John Jellowee. Daddy, don't be such a fool. She's not whatever happened to my little girl. Who cares? Why don't you push yourself away from the table, huh? Maybe you have a salad once in a while? Daddy, don't you know how many of the world's people have never had a decent meal? Again, with its charity sweetheart. Well, it's true. Charles, why don't you send them the bones from the turkey you had for breakfast? Oh, what a little bit. Oh, why are we getting all saved? I'm sorry. If I thought she was pushing on Daisy's mind. Oh, no, watchy. The last step is so was all the bad dreams. She'll be at your man. Who would have that baby? First of all, you give me that a beat. Oh, what? That's what a family has sent you all on the family. Saturday night on CBS. Lots of you buy ideas, home car, spa and school. Where you can learn, auto mechanics, get my parents, all that stuff. Just like those stuff, we're gonna go. 146 and 560 WQA, I'm gonna let me forget about that fat thing. Don't forget. Here's the moral game, let's see along. Oh, right. With that on our whole music, are they playing like a little amenity for us? Yeah, it's our whole team. I see. Here's Amitura, hello. Hello. Yes, sir? I think Ralph Kramden was one of the longest characters that I can remember on any kind of show at all. Yeah, that's good. And he was really entertaining. Okay, thank you. Ralph Kramden, we got him on here. Good. How about Lucy? No? What about her? She don't belong in the list? Sure, I guess. Wow, geez. I mean, no response, especially, you know, that's right. Maybe didn't rub off on her. Lucy? Ralph Kramden and Lucy, come on, get with it. Research, Ospad is an organ. I don't know. I gotta get to this before we run out of time. This is so Emuyin' Portante. I mean, it's not about diets. It's about why you might want to go on one. It's Kramden with a K. No, it's with a C. Maybe with a special K. God is Kramden with a K. Ralph Kramden, Lucy, Lucy. Oh, gee, there's two bad that they're both dead. You know who I would have loved to see, perform together? Can I get you a clue? Can I get you a clue? Is that a clue? It doesn't. And does he aren't a C. They're a D. You don't, they might have. You think? Who knows? You, you sing so? If the, in the anatomy textbooks, the major organs are easy to find. The liver is always brown. The screen is green. The heart is red. And the small intestine is squeeze like a rose. Sausages in the abdomen. But, one of the principal organs present in close to 50% of North American men and women is missing. You know what it is? Oh, f***. Fatsels are the color of John's greasy and thousands of times bigger than other cells. The average adult is close to 35 billion fatsels or epiticites. That's it, right? No, it's not a dipocytes. A dipocytes, a number that balloons as high as 275 but in the very obese like fat boy. Oh, but she's got a trillion. It was the accepted wisdom that these cells have quite lives as the body's cushion insulation fuel tanks. But, in recent years, scientists have been stungler in the fat as very busy indeed. Those are your fat busy, always working like crazy. When fat cells accumulated in a large enough mass, they begin pumping out a toxic array of chemical signals. It's a nasty soup that comes from our fat cells. So, as Daniel Drucker University of Toronto researcher, many scientists now consider fat and endocrine organ like the pancreas, and nobody will ever want to transplant. This explains why having a big pot belly often foreshadow such woes is diabetes cancer and hardened arteries. Think of it as a tumor, says another researcher, one is caused by shock drinks and french fries and all of these things. If more people realize their low handles are in fact toxic, they might be hard to dig a riddle of the experts believe, our no understanding of the secret life of fat. As transform the field of obesity research scientists now understand that blocking the molecular signals that fat transmits to the brain and body could lead to a thin pill and that could be worth billions of dollars. Let's invent it this week. It's almost like a gold rush now said David Lau, a university of caliph, a Calgary, interconologist and president of obesity, and he can't have a nonprofit research organization. Everyone's looking for the magic bullet. Work was on and on about leptin and about a beep, but a book. It says a little fat is essential to human survival in normal amounts fat cells make, I can't read these words. At a different nectin. You know what that is? No, you do. It's a beneficial hormone that makes the body more sensitive to insulin, but too much of a good thing can kill a never-ending avalanche of news that you show that when large numbers of fat cells accumulate especially in the belly, creating the dreaded apple-shaped body, although they begin secreting chemicals known as a dippocines, many of which triggered disease. For example, in a dippocino's resistant resistance to insulin, believe the cause of blood sugar levels in the body to rise, leading to type due diabetes. It's a huge epidemic in the world says Bernie Zim and director of the leadership sign, I said if a diabetes had Mount Sinah Hospital in Toronto, and it goes on about diabetes, the cumulations of fat also turn out numerous two-mernie-crosis factor, alpha, NFT, NTFA, see I think the age is just under it only in Canada. It's NTFA, which causes rheumatoid arthritis and see-we active protein, which is linked to atherosclerosis and heart disease. This explains why obese people are often stricken with multiple health problems, which often vanish when they lose weight. And you're like that, I'm savanness. I'm savanness because my, well my fan is working over time. I stay up to them still and they got a measure of say. We said, well, the middle register is almost so much we can do. I think life will search and maybe the only thing we need. I don't have the word, Mount No Modes is around my thighs. You're saying the right perception, you know, Mount A brand new man. Look up the Hoover, suck the fat out of splash and can. Fuck the fat out of the splash, suck the fat out of the splash. Or suck this. 1.56.56.56. That's the easiest one. It's the way for me angry mad puppy. The hysterical hot boy is going to be pissed off that he can just smell her, can't you? Oh, is that what I'm smelling? No, I can't even begin to imagine how psychotic he must have been at that. I mean, that was just out of the blue out of nowhere, you know? That way would be like when the next book comes out and we get like a point one. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, that would be a fat. It would be bad. How about a point two? Here's Pine Crashed Hello. Yes sir. Say the are the ones. Pretty good. I wonder if you could tell me what's better, the black or the Jewish meat you're eating. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Wow. That was pretty clever. Here's Miami, hello. Uncle Leo God. Yes sir. One for your poor note point and tender that last guy was a real scotch. A Jewish. 11. 11 most not bad. He's like a 10. Two other things. One I'm converted George absolutely converted me to summer George and a fan. And last but not least having just got back from Tallahassee. It's absolutely endemic what's going on between the bush family. What the brother does and Washington. The other brother does worse down here in Florida. Right. One interesting tip that I did get is that the rest of the bush family cannot stand the first lady of the state of Florida. Really? Yes. Han Kalloba? Exactly. Then a parking even bear since that she's created for her husband. Maybe maybe she didn't smile on a many gifts back when she came back that time. They can be as inclusive as they want. But the truth of the matter is that she is not what the family's made up and they're not happy about it. And the brothers not happy about it either. That's the end. This comes from a very good source. God bless now. That guy that Neil Bush didn't go through a wheel of smelly nasty divorce, too. And have a great day. Okay. Yeah, these are the, see this is what always happens. You know, the ones all were born again. We're better than everybody else. Work and compassionate, fashion, and all this other bullcraft. And then you find out they got 80 million skeletons in their closet. And the clothes. He might still be drinking heavily. You know, to be acting away he is you're almost sure. So many is. And of course the old, no problem. All of these things. Scientists. Is it a little son? Maybe maybe I should send him to Dr. Hampton. Okay. She clear up his son is problem. If we could just breathe, you know what I'm saying? If we could just breathe a little bit, America be a much safer place to live. But thanks to which on Ask Grop, we probably like I said before we're paying for that. Not just air in your tires, but the air that you breathe. You're like a little meter. And depending on how, you know, in fact, the nose and then those times you'll be pleased to have a heavy duty cold, the plug of nose because it won't crash so much, right? Right. Lower intake. Jesus Christ and saw man, how to hell do we get to this? I mean, I'll tell you when John Cretchetta started to look pretty good. That's getting scary. That's starting to get really scary. Okay. Here's the last update on a poll. Who is the greatest official character in movies or TV? James Bond 140 Superman 51 Darth Vader 44. Archie bunker 41. Indiana Jones 36. Sherlock Holmes 34. Michael Corley on A23. Chris 2019, Dracola 18. Batman 117 Mad Max 13, Judy here were 11 Inspector Clueso 11 Captain Kirkton. Everybody else in single digits. And speaking of a little digit like Jay Feeler's got and I realized I understand I didn't see the game and didn't watch it. I read all about it. He wasn't solely responsible for losing the game. Even though that dying quail he threw there in a closing minute to the game. That little, what did the forl call it? A little lolly pop out of it. How was it? But nevertheless, nevertheless, there's some serious trouble on a horizon. Mad dogs coming up next he's going to be foaming at the moment. Bye bye. Bye bye. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.