I'm... ...some mouthful of the sausage and horse-aids pants. Quirking at heights forcoaring on circumcised fuel-bitten. And gage in a paper that they... I'm a cranky homophole. Not that I mind it's but I'm way too old. I bet the size about feeling bad. In a twist with feet-loves, my man-friend did it. I'll just make up with ginger and something. And then ask him to rape my bun. She's surprised over and over again. Though I would not feel for more spook. No! And I would not be ashamed. About a ginger and more gay union. Just hold him and stroking away. For a bit, kill me your nut-my-type. Yes, sound like a nine-year-old kid. Only a much old men-ly guy. She don't know his. That makes me lift my wing. If ginger was a number of mine. I'd bury my bogus baby-no. Inside is pimply rare-end. No, I would not be a sport-hole. No! If I was not the closet of faith. That's why your ginger and more gay union. Would make me feel good. Yeah! Everybody follow my thousand-pulls. Yeah, ginger and more gay union. You, yes, nut-my-type. What make my sorrow fully ass, kill faith? If we had a ginger and more gay union. Then he wouldn't have to get me raped. He's a real man. In a room full of strangers. Then he meant the dog. Where you're right, the same. Where I had to follow. Are you in the form, it's you. I'm all set my love in you. I can't make you break. I can't stop. I'm the night's on the wall, break. I can't live without. I can't even break through the hot pot. I can't live without. A hot pot, a pot, a pot, a pot. Put my baby on top of it and But I have to follow the rules I'll use it as a form We do I'm also a god to use I can't stand you there Baby, now On the night's on the way Baby, then the fall Baby, then the fall Baby, now On the night's on the way Baby, then the fall To the pain of the pain To the pain of the pain of the pain You're right You're right You're right I'll move away You're right You're right I'll leave I'll leave You're right You're right You're right I'll leave You're right So now I'll be inside Get it ever Never let my own Baby, like it was before Baby, like it was before Baby, like it was before One and a night's up for the day Singin' up for the sun Singin' up for the sun Singin' up for the sun On the night's up for the day Singin' up for the day Singin' up for the sun I've been night's up for the day Singin' up for the day Singin' up for the sun I've been trying to drop it like flies They're dropping like flies They're trying to even keep track And more, you know we're gonna have to start making the list Aren't we? And we can all agree Maurice Gamm is dead, that's all I can tell you And I'm goin' home Tomorrow? Tomorrow? No, we can all agree that that was the greatest BG song ever That one right there, night's on Broadway No, I'll give it Can't wait, there you go, ain't even Carlos So it has no idea who the BG's even wore But you're like that, I've actually even muffled Come stick his head in the door and say No question about it, that was the greatest BG And that's that I'm not gonna play all the other ones Cause it'll kill a lot of good time today But there are a lot of great other ones too There are many other great ones now See the problem that the BG's had And still have Is that there are some of you macho assholes out there Who wanted me to hit you like the BG's Because they were associated with Disco! Ah! Disco! And no macho man, you know, will admit that he likes disco I can admit it because I'm gonna roll a flag But, uh, right, exactly Wonder if more like to the BG's you think? Not that we really care It's certainly B-way Newton, uh, Adele Maybe the old BG's Old BG's one Ah, ha ha ha ha ha He gives me the BG's, is what he gives me But anyway, family's pretty pissed by the way The family of singer Maurice Gibba, the BG's who died age 53 yesterday And my only said they were questioning His final hospital treatment of BBC says Maurice's brother, Barry said The family would fight to discover the truth about his death After abdominal surgery The amount sign I medical said or the BBC reported today From the fact that they had to operate on Maurice during Macho, to cardiac arrest is very questionable I will pursue every factor Every element, every second of the timeline of the final Hours of Maurice's life, Barry told BBC radio We will pursue that relentlessly That'll be our quest from now on he said There was no immediate comment from the hospital of course They're tight-lipped Maurice, whose harmonies with his twin Robin and elder brother Barry 55, helped him with the best sign groups of the Rock and Roll era Collapsed on Thursday at his Miami home after suffering intense stomach pain And was rushed to Mount Sinai Hospital He experienced cardiac arrest before a surgery on an intestinal blockage The hospital said, is that the same outside hospital I nearly killed me with that gallbladder? Yes, how many other? They're all over the world Don't be here in town One Okay After the operation until he died, it was listed in critical but stable condition And all of a sudden He died? Yeah? No time of death was given but it appeared to have been very early yesterday Maurice borne on the Isle of Man, not to be confused with the Isle of White And raised in Manchester, that's not Manchester, New York, that's England Have been a heavy drinker and briefly doubled in cocaine before sobering up in the early 1990s And now he dies dead Our pull from a Friday, we had a unbelievable response before we get today's BG's Pull 1664 volts I think that's a post-Alian record I could be wrong about that Maybe Eric and his spare time I check on it But not important, like I said for get about a year It's pretty heavy duty total when you agree 1664 volt That's probably because it's so negative Any, probably like the little I see Yeah, why don't you analyze that for us while I'm with the results How come I'm so goddamn negative? Because everybody's dying Who is the luckiest person on the face of the earth we asked Most success least talent and after we do the abraight Then we'll tell you Oh, we got it to the break we actually got some spots today Let's hear it We got some spots, that's the good news The bad news is that PD Lenny was here in the studio this morning Makes me physically ill when I see him Makes me very, very, very upset to see old leather posts And then Troy Strattford used to be a good guy but now walks around Hurray confused all the time going Eeeeee Just like Greg Reedall, it always does He was also in here Luckily for us we only spoke to Fat Boy on the phone Even though he's only like a few yards away down the hall of peace We'd have to actually see him this morning 11 past nine No, seriously that's one of the great things about doing a show From any place else even like from Buffalo Well, let's get and carry it away But is that I don't have to see the salespeople Except for Adam Adam's a good guy We're like Adam and always kind of depressing more but right always looks like his dog pee on his shoes or something But other than that we don't want to see the salespeople Troy's a good guy Troy Strattford right? You still be a good guy Now you ask him any question he says Well, I think I might be you know like that He doesn't know anything anymore So I guess he's now his work here long enough that he's confused Another year's coming gone it's a new year and you want a brand new you And you made all these resolutions for a new this and knew that like a new paint job for the house new company But what about all the money that cost all these things Let's try the cost you a fortune thousand dollars The trick is to make something look brand new when it's not That's why I've been using dry concepts in my home for over 20 long Excruciating years now when your carpets are really clean they do look brand new And dry concepts is the only service that dry cleans your carpeting your drapes your expensive area rugs And believe me your friends and everybody you know will think that you replaced your carpeting with brand new That's how sensation was going to look and feel and smell Dry concepts technicians are schooled and certified by the Institute of Inspection cleaning and restoration And the leave your carpets swirl free vibrant and color and suffer the touch and spelling lemony fresh. It's a Mahaya So don't forget when it's time to clean your carpets a poultry or leather furniture It's time for dry concepts problem with pet otters mill the voters caused by water damage No problem dry concepts will make him like I said fan drastic Oh, it's yourself and your carpets to call the professionals because nobody in the world doesn't like them Call dry concepts tool free from anywhere 1-800-248-507-1 1-800-248-507-1 or just log out of their website at drakconcepts.com Drag concepts clean today entertain tonight You God Who's that group of Muslims helping terrorist? If a bunch of backward thinking content and list the Taliban Who are those fanatics? And they're not filled with hate If you're what stealing your handle and you hate the Taliban The Taliban can't The Taliban can't cause their rule of Afghanistan but they're up to no goal A Taliban man he doesn't give a damn about his country's stumbling masses He's sure as well a cyberbassist so we can go and kick their asses Welcome Who keeps all the wind and cover pet otters? If could be Osama under their huge never know the Taliban The Taliban can't The Taliban can cause their rule of Afghanistan but they're up to no goal The Taliban can't cause their rule of Afghanistan but they're up to no goal The Taliban can't cause their rule of Afghanistan but they're up to no goal The Taliban can't cause their rule of Afghanistan but they're up to no goal The Taliban can't cause their rule of Afghanistan but they're up to no goal The Taliban can't cause their rule of Afghanistan but they're up to no goal I think just T.O. is simple enough the football player that you're very fond of I mean I don't go for that no I've always said Maurice or he He's friends call him Mo So anyway Eric Faxes may have reminds me that the highest vote can we ever had on our website 2332 was on November 8th 2000 If you're voting on election day who are you voting for? And the man, Gore 1692 bush forward in 28th and 8th or 104 You asshole's a voted for nater Come on you these lunatics in there gonna blow the whole guy damn world up if we give him a chance And you help the put him in there you nater lickers you idiots you fools you morons M.O.R.O. and like Mo would say Harry Brown 77 who the hell is Harry Brown? Harry Brown so you remember is he kind of fudge brown or fudge packer? Huh? No I don't remember Either I remember the name Harry Brown about him yeah Oh who the hell it is Patrick can 31 Probably those old Jews and Palm Beach and voter for Pat weekend thought they were voting for Gore Shame on you too. Oh they probably did by now So that was the a record breaker Highest vote count ever even higher than alien Wow Anyway, so we at 1600 still go on now 1667 votes Who's the luckiest person in the world most successfully tell it? We'll go from the bottom up more of Griffin only three And I guess they figure it one or two things either they have no idea who that is Or they know he started all those very popular cliches. Jeopardy we'll fortune huh? Sure, that's something. And she sure did do that. Oh sorry, Murph Way Newton seven Bruce Springsteen 11 Barbara Walla 13 that was George's choice way down near the bottom George. Sorry Madonna 16 Tombo cost 17 Martha Stewart 17 we just still been 19 Pamela Lee 20 Slice the loan 23 Tom Arnold 28 Jerry spring or 30 Bill Gates 37 And then it goes then it starts moving way up to the important people M&M 62 Rosie O'Donnell 66 Larry King 73 Vanne White did a great job then I tell you she would do better She was a late edition which I again apologize for the oversight 76 for Ivanna the letter Turner And then we get to the main contenders in triple digits Oprah 153 and in the Cole Smith 388 and George W. Bush Winning by over 200 votes 608 ready for that 608 votes for El Presidente who's middle name is Yeah, I don't like that. Here's today's poll What's your take on the be-use I was going to do what's your favorite be-use song but I would assume that I don't How we could have done that right it would assume that somebody has a be-use a favorite be-use song What does that mean there are no there would have been categories on there like there are in here You'll always I always give those people a place to go You're right on there yeah, I'd like that But maybe we'll do that tomorrow. Perfect. Maybe we'll milk the be-use all week How's Andy give to one anyway here's our okay, so that would what he still did that's the response to that It's quit be in such a pussy with your Carlos he's been dead for a long time Andy give plus did he ever do any good music? No no bubble gum Right, I mean that does mean we wanted him to die there a lot of people never did any good music who pretended to do But that does mean we want him to die necessarily Right, right, that's the Sarah. We'll think about it for while I'm sure we'll come up with some that anyway But the be-gees his brother is the rest of the group did the fantastic music even if you wanted to admit it even if you hated disco Even if you think that they sounded like a little bit on the Faith side. Torpey side. Hey, if it was good enough for Frankie Valley and the four seasons They were doing false set-o before the be-gees. Right, right. So what's wrong with that? And they didn't just do disco either The be-gees Did I say they just did disco? No, but that's what a lot of people think that's part of this thing This thing must be this disco? No, no It's a small It's real small In fact somebody in the building said they didn't give two chits about whether Maurice give died Then he just say Massachusetts hits the thought what he said Anyway, here's our poll today. What's your take on the be-gees? Now that Maurice gives that Morris How do care how you say because quite frankly, it doesn't make a difference at this point. No Here are your five choices as always a magnificent poll Great, one of the best groups ever Good Okay, okay, I like some of their music The be-gees suck or who are the be-gees And the family is pissed off and fired up Here's our first call of a brand new week before I can get to vote Well, I can't get to vote because he has put up there yet he will He's right on top of it Here's for Lauderdale, hello He can't get the vocals he has put up there yet. He will. He works right on top of it. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, he's doing me on some guy for a lot of time. What is it? Oh, that. My name. Oh, that. Yeah, Jose. Never cry. I like the PJ. Really? The PJs. Yeah, you like the PJs, all right? I forgot to ask him giving or receiving. Now, here's the fact that says, See, I don't understand this. How can you mend a broken heart? It just says that. It has to be like, maybe he's asking the question. Probably with masking tape. Huh? Staples. Staples. Super glue. Crazy glue, maybe. Eh. Stackle. I mean, what the hell does that mean? A body plate. Yeah. I can think of a younger days. When living for my life. Too bad we're on a crappy AM station with a crappy signal. Really breaks my heart, you know what? And they live how long did they live here for crying. I love they were a fixture even longer than I need a brand. Over there on Star Island. Is that where they live? The B.G. Yes, Star Island. And you think that considering the fact that you got, What do we got here? You got Casey and a sunshine band. Now, what do you give me a look like that for? God damn it. This Carlos, I think he's on real real borrowed time. If yes, me. Doesn't like chocolate. Doesn't like chocolate. Doesn't like juicy and a sunshine band. What else? Shame on you, Mr. Oh, that's right. That was all this go. Madonna hangs out over there on the beach. Have you known then? Runs around naked? Right. Marilyn Manson. I don't know if he's still around here. Marilyn Manson? He's a local boy. Is here? No, he's from here. But he don't live here. I'm talking about people who live here. Madonna's not from here either. But there are a lot of these famous people. I mean, I'll send South Beach. We came to Plastic. The happening thing? A lot of these people sliced the old. They sliced the old. It was here for a while. Luckily, we moved them out. Oh, right. Good. When a doubt kick his ass out. We got enough stupid people. They're already without him. But the beaches are like a fixture here. You think that just like last week. You think the phones are being ringing off the hook with people calling with their recollections of the beach. You think that? No. Why not? Because of where we are. Because it's our audience. Because this place. Speaking of our audience, we were corrected by a couple of collars. Who said live on North Bay Road, North of Mount Sinai, not on Star Island. Maybe they did what they used to live on. Let me tell you right now, Mr. Day. You want to upon a time. They lived on Star Island. I think. But maybe not. Huh? I know I need to bring it once. Let's probably when they moved out. So they live near Mount Sinai Hospital. Well, that's bad luck for them. You know what? That's a bad break. Because let me tell you right now from my personal gobladder experience. Mount Sinai Hospital is not a place you want to be. Go it into unless you're not planning to come out. Follow my drift. No. If you think it's only like a one way trip. Go it in. But you don't get like the roadsmall tell where they chicken but they don't check out. That's to me. What I think of Mount Sinai Hospital over there on Miami Beach. Not that I want to get personal but they're more like that. But I just happen to hate that place like poison. Like poison. Okay. Which I'm entitled to my opinion. I hate them. Like poison. Just kind of like the way Hank feels about more. Fisher Island. Someone called to say is a way that. Fisher Island? When? What's that? How about Mrs. Carl Fisher? From the wonderful island dreams that almost inspires me to play that. But we don't have time for that because we got all these BG songs to play that. And now one call on the board. Not a single call. We had the other guy who called us said they likes a good BJ. He a little bit confused. He's got a bad radio. I think he said we meant to say. Now I'm sure he did. And who could argue with it? Something like that. 26 past nine at five sixty double. WQAM. What a crew man. What a crowd in this town. Partless, rotest, cool. In sensitive. Pastile. No feelings. No emotion. They're like a bunch of automatons. As somebody once said. 9. 27. I'm not going to get whipped up about it. A few people don't care. That's your problem. We care here on the show. We've got sensitivity on the show. We've got feeling. Chaos. Whatever it all that means. In Egyptian. Holiday is over. New years here. It's time to get. We're serious about those new years. Resolution. That's what Troy Stratford said. Get off your lazy ass and keep to the news. Resolution to improve your health and start losing that weight. In fact, just in the last week or two, they've been telling you that. As if we didn't already know that that fat takes years off your life. It's ugly. It's grotesque. And it's debilitating. So if you want to lose the weight. Everybody in the brothers. Pettling is some lose weight deal. Here's the answer for. It loses the delicious and safe way with balance for life. They provide all the food which makes it so damn easy. Instead of you having to figure out, well, what can I eat? What can't I eat? And what should I buy? You don't find anything you've said. The balance for life. That deliver right to your door and your little black sack by six o'clock every morning of your life. And your home at your office. Where are you going to be at six in a morning? No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no calorie counting, no carb counting. Balance for life combines the knowledge of the zone diet. And delivers those three delicious gourmet meals and two delicious nice right to your doorstep every day. And it would be a real proven weight loss program. Not some crazy region that won't work. And you'll find a gaining more back than you had in the first place. Balance for life pretty gets to job done. Take a look at the beast we've saved his life and made him look almost human. He's still working on it. Call balance for life today and keep that new year's resolution. At least the one about losing weight and getting healthy and looking good again. Call 9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29. 9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29. Or visit their most prestigious website at balanceforlife.com. He's super excited or happy about how 8-4-6-35星 3009 will come and welcome any lucky party you remind of their new晚ress. Like, that's what makes us be one of the most fan nominees for real-time skiing. He is always on heat step by step developing the world. Become an 260-10 Titan, while too far off. Consequently, you have to earned 10 universal national cameras. We provide care and treatment for many of the rock and roll stars. You love so much in the past. But whose lives have been destroyed by broken record companies. Stars? Like Mr. D. Clock over here. Yeah! There is no God! There is no God! Oh! There is no God! You can plainly see why we need your help. Over here, we have Danny Loukiness who sang rhythm for the govones. Every now and then I try to help them out. It's okay, Danny. It's okay, Danny. I will help you. I love you like I do. I love you like I do. We show you a support by sending your checks to 442, when would avenue and soaps city. Our email address is runsweek.1. For more information, just call B-445789. Thank you. This won't get served. Wonderful! W-Q-M. Oh! Good night. Good night. Oh! Oh! There is no God! I can't hear. Oh, there is no God! There is no God! There is no God! There is no God! There is no God! Oh! Oh! There is no God! There is no God! There is no God! There is no God! There is no God! There is no God! There is no God! There is no God! There is no God! There is no God! There is no God! There is no God! There is no God! There is no God! There is no God! There is no God! There is no God! Good night. Good night! I'm gonna be the next hero You guys are not the show Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait I'm gonna be the next hero You guys are not the show You guys are not the show You guys are not the show You guys are not the show You guys are not the show You guys are not the show You guys are not the show You guys are not the show You guys are not the show You guys are not the show You guys are not the show You guys are not the show You guys are not the show You guys are not the show You guys are not the show You guys are not the show You guys are not the show You guys are not the show You guys are not the show You guys are not the show You guys are not the show You guys are not the show You guys are not the show You guys are not the show You guys are not the show You guys are sounding really mean Who was the first one to play the series Are you a TV show? You guys are not the show Who simply made any noise What is the Rooster Show? Who was the local name of each show? Who is the local name of each show? You guys are not the cl cerca? You know what the show is You guys are not the show Yeah Yeah There you go, it's nice to pay There you go, it's so nice to pay I'm no way, thank you, it's nice to pay There you go, it's nice to pay There you go, it's nice to pay There you go, it's nice to pay There you go, it's nice to pay There you go, it's nice to pay There you go, it's nice to pay And Bob, see you early on wrestling, I'll get out of here, mom Okay, we're doing a little music seminar here as a matter of fact, it's a little preview QM is going back to all music starting tomorrow Starting today Get that sports crap off the year already All the jets people What are you probably aching about to add a big year That kid's head, Pennington, who looks like a real goofball with Ella Fidiers But nevertheless, he had a big year He just kind of like, not ready for prime time yet, you know He was overthrown receivers by 510 yards And then he would actually hit him, they dropped the ball There you go, Chad, dropped it But, you know, given credit, we're credit is doomed And of course, a lot of the Dalton fans are saying Oh, thank God, the jet's lost, we feel better now, right? Thank God It's just like people like Laurie and Steph I'd probably say it while I want to say that Because as I said to you off the air after the last break Or during the last break, we're in a round the last break What a disgrace that the great music from the 70s That was made here in South Florida Music that lasted for a lifetime It turned out for centuries Was replaced by people like Gloria Stephon And the anxious Miami Sound Machine and that's Swill That crap Garbage We're embarrassed and humiliated about it Because lots of time, what about Use corporation, rock the boat, right? What about a George McCray? That was all recorded down here, really? That was here? Yes Good I don't remember that name of the studio, what was that name of the studio? We're all at Casey and the Sunshine Band, all that good disco stuff And even the bad disco stuff, most of it was recorded right down here Somebody will know Somebody will know Here's a fact, an in-temperate fact, this disgraceful Which of the brothers give us that they croaked Maurice or Morris Depending on how you be saying it I hate to speak ill of the dead, he says, but that band sucks Slice sucks How's the pole coming? Let's see, what's your take on a PG-67 votes on there Already great one of the best groups ever, 23 Okay, I like some of the reason 22 The PG-7, 11, good, 7, who are the BG's for? Proterior Criteria, that's what I thought it was It says maybe Gellby is actually the Gibb with that no balls voices Now you maybe get a little warmer on this fact, maybe he's kin You know what I mean? I think you do I'm living in Chicago now, says this fact, but have the opportunity to move back to by beloved soft float Are you out of your mind? You're living in Chicago, but have the opportunity to move back here to paradise Which city do you think I should move to? Remember thinking that Highly would be a great place to raise my kids Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Yeah right next door to the race track can be a great place The flamingos are getting lonely Hey you can take the metro rail On second thought I'll stay here in freeze mine, not soft he says It beats having 200 Hulios blocking the interstate highway Because they're pissed about something Thank God for the webcast, it says, here's what Chicago was saying And then it says, yo yo yo, let's ride mo is what it says That's what they're saying in Chicago from coast to coast. We're going to put that drizzle of part on the map again. Yo, yo, yo, let's rape him. Is big coast to coast. Pot activists can smoke and drive. Pembroke Ontario. Botided the pot laws in Canada are crumbling as we speak. Falling apart. Going by the wayside. It says an eastern Ontario man is one his court battle to poke and drive and what could become a precedent setting case. Did we never found this to put on her? Did we? Because I looked it up on the Canadian press couldn't find it. Rick Remer, a former no relation to Rick Riley by the way, and Georgian I discussed to be for the show today. We took about 20, 30 seconds to discuss it. We decided we don't like Rick Riley. Rick Remer, a former lawyer and marijuana activist who had a joint in his hand when police pulled him over. It was acquitted when they have driving while impaired by marijuana. This again is an eastern Ontario. Canada. There wasn't enough evidence to prove the multiple sclerosis suffer who has an exemption as smoke pot was impaired beyond a reasonable doubt just as Bruce McFeese he's saying. In the absence of objective expert testimony without the opportunity to witness Remer straight since he was never doing the, uh, since he was never was during the trial. It was never straight during the trial. McFeese said he couldn't convey. Well he was stoned out of his mind during the trial's got MS. Don't be such a hard ass. I'm happy I think it's the right verdict. Remer said what I'm hoping now will happen will be that more debate on the issue and through democratic process our government will decide, well, do we need a lot of so what kind of lot do we need? What kind of investigative tools do the police need? These are all issues surrounding marijuana that have ignored. So there you go. Other one bites the dust. Here's a call from Davy. Hello. Yes sir. All that great Miami sound stuff, the original Miami sound stuff was brought by Henry Stone. It was TK with the studio and the label. Right. That's okay record's right. Yeah and that, you know, Foxy and, uh, uh, Dorothy Moore and all those great groups from Miami said amazing amount of hit records. And he wouldn't, uh, ring my bow. Yeah, I'm that big one. That's what big one. Mm-hmm. It's an amazing. I have to play all that stuff today. It was a great time and it was really great music and you're right. Unfortunately, people think that the real Miami sound was that stuff that came afterward and it was really that first batch. Like Gloria Stefan. Oh, God. It will could've seen you for realizing and recognizing the original Miami sound. Thanks a lot, pal. You bet. See you. There you go. There's a guy that appreciates what was really going on here. What's the pot of stuff? When this used to be a pretty damn good town, I'll turn you back in the 70s. And then, oh, and then. 942 at 560 WQA. Hey guys, the new years here. If your new years resolution is on high pain computer career. Now is the time to act to be doing it. Fast train is holding a free career seminar. This Tuesday evening to our night and it's Kendall Miami for Lauderdale and Pembroke Pines locations. This is a free underland again. Free seminar called Tool Free. 1-866 Fast train to reserve your seat. That's 866 Fast train. Make 2003 the either in a high-pain computer job. Say goodbye to that crappy dead end job in your crappy old boss. With the wholeness head. If you're overworked underpaid or in a real, sucky job. This could be the most important 50 minutes you'll be spending in your life. Fast train can ever certify to read if you're your dream job in just four short months. Call Fast Train Tool Free at 1-866 Fast train that have convenient day thing we can classes for you. Call 1-866 Fast train to reserve your seat for tomorrow night. For directions just check out Fast train on the web at fasttrained.com. In the event of something happening to me. There is something I would like you all to see. You cry? It's just a full music rabbit. Someone that I knew. Have you seen my life? Missed the jails? No. Do you know why it's like down the outside? Don't go talking till I'll be your closeer land, the slide. Missed the jails. I keep straining my ears to hear a sound. Maybe someone is digging underground or have they given up and all that else in it. Think they'll see one success in the most good end. Have you seen my wine just a jails? Do you know why it's like down the outside? Don't go talking till I'll be your closeer land, the slide. Missed the jails. In the event of something happening to me. You cry? You cry? Do you know why it's like down the outside? Don't go talking till I'll be your closeer land, the slide. I remember playing that on a radio. I played it in the 69th. I imagine it's about a mining disaster. I don't think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I can already smell the aroma. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster. I think it's about a mining disaster.