We must go to the court guilty. This week on ABC, the Bachelor with Bill Clinton. We actually did it for then 100,000 positions, and we're not through. I've done it since I was a boy, and I'm going to keep it on doing it until I can't do it anymore. Bill Clinton is the Bachelor. She wanted to bend over backwards. Yes, yes, yes, do it, do it, do it. Rectom. 9-0-1 at 5-60, WQM, happy-wounded to a man. Can't you feel there's something in the ear? I feel something. I think it's that SARS. Sorry, not there's something in the ear, man. There's something really good on the horizon. We don't know what it is yet, but... ...common smell it. Maybe that's most peace on the way out the door. Hey, Moe, watch that damn thing. When did everybody start to talk about it? Even a month when he came in a smart, said, man, did you smell that damn thing? Do you hear him? He said he's been... No, seriously, he said he thinks that he was sick all week and long just from the aroma of that thing all last week. He just... Yeah, keep that peace at home, okay, Moe? Keep the peace at home. We got some bad news though to start this week. Very, very bad news. What, I'm back? Oh, I forgot about that. We got two pieces of bad news, George is bad. We had a great week with Ocho La, I mean, last week. Yeah. We did Riptune-ass, right? And, especially Beiner-Boy, he has ripped you, stabbed you in a back, and then, of course, McGill went off there and took your 300 bucks from Treasure Island. That seems to be the big story, the big controversy this morning is at McGill. Well, was planned fast and loose with George's appearance while George was up there in North Carolina. Think of it in December. We knew that I was going to be there. You were like sacrifice in 300 bucks, which is Schlepper, a little Beiner, like you can't afford to be doing. No, I cannot. And he knew I was going to be gone. And he was going to be... Well, that's why he moved in. That's a smart way to do it. Yeah. You know that the enemy is going to be gone and we're moved right in. Kind of like in Baghdad. But we don't want to get to that yet because I'm in too good of a mood. Anyway, bad news though, hit the music. She's dead. Oh, little Heva's dead. Maybe this hot cup. She's dead. Don't step on this. I got a friend Dick Feinberg, a poppin of parks in 30 night. You better start the show. Please start the show Monday with Little Eva. And look at most of you. Nice to see you. Why, Dick? He's dead. That's what he said. By the way, Brian Serious. Thank you so much, even though you're not in town anymore. Boy, did he do a great job at poppin of park or what? I put him all to shame. I saw Brian. He drove circles around him. Another big night Saturday. And Rich had to forward a two seven eight and a seven to broke and ran into the three at any rate. You don't want to hear those things. Rich is still eaten by the way. Oh, I almost forgot about that. My good friend Derek who's been lecturing me that I have to take your a fat rich and overseeing keep him alive. This is, this is, I almost forgot to solve together. A grotesque story. Ordered a big piece of apple pie with whipped cream and gave about a third of it to fat rich after he had chumbled rolls and a steak and enough food to feed the Chinese army. Well, he said his blood sugar was a little bit low. Uh, I want to pick a date on the calendar for the fat man. Anyway, sing her little evil who has a teenager recorded the hit nineteen sixties dance song, the locomotion. The locomotion. Sorry, sorry. Why did we have such a good time without you last year? Great. Has died after a long battle with cervical cancer. Her manager said on Friday she was 59 just a veritable child. Now while you punks out there who don't know who the leave of was while shame on you in fact, that inspired me either tomorrow or sometime this week. We're going to do another one of our famous music pools that's the audience hates like poison. But it sure gets a lot of response on the phone. You know that. The whole year. Huh? Yeah, does that really does? They'll be calling in from, uh, Oh, choppy and two egg and all over the state. Making all kinds of suggestions. The best marginal. How do we say it? The best. The obscure was good when you were saying that the best obscure recording out of this vault. In other words, you favorite of all time who wasn't like a real big star. Imagine them. Nobody knows. Somebody obscure like Elvis. Even our sis's boy dot on Thursday at Lenore, Mount Memorial Hospital, and Kingston, North Carolina, manager Brenda Caves and I was Kingston anywhere near where he was. Well, uh, Lenore, too far if it's near that. Well, I'll be damned. She had cancer. She fought it for a long time, Caves said. Boyd was working as a babysitter for somewhere as Croaking and Jerry Gaufran when they asked her to record a song. It written called the locomotion in 1962. I was living in Boston, Mass. I'm Commonwealth Avenue. I remember Bruce Bradley playing locomotion on WBZ. Back in the days when radio was really great. And cheap channeled and only forgot the station on the dial. Back when we had personalities. Remember those days? No. Probably not. Like me. We used to have every radio station had big, big personalities. You know? Yeah. Not anymore. Now you've got the same half dozen stupid ass indicated talking head. The same pop-as-uh, which we'll get to the weekend pull in a moment. Boyd was working as a babysitter and she recorded the song. The song was hit for a little even that year and again. For Grand Funk Railroad 1974. Boyd had other minor hits including Keep Your Hands Off by Baby in 62. And Old Smokey Locomotion in 60's ran. She sang background for the drickers, Benny King and others. And the sad part of it is that they left out. She was the lead singer for group called The Cookies. Who had a big big hit called Don't Say Nothing Bad About My Baby. Let's hear that. But we don't have it. No. I bet you do have it there. Well, forget about it. Do you remember that song? No. Don't say nothing. And Barry, I want to hear it. Keep said Boyd continued to work till October 2001. Once she became too weak from her illness to perform. She's a rabbi, two daughters of son. Fifteen grandchildren and nine great grandchildren. I'll be Dan Porl, the Leavers dead. And we're pretty pissed off about her on this show. In fact, I think probably magic is going to play all little even all week. And honor that. I mean, could you get a little repetitions? But probably not more so than the usual programming. So guess why I ran into with the airport yesterday. I was leaving and he was coming back in. I'll give you 400 guesses. Well, I know who. Well, I told you before the show. The man dog. All right. And we had a little chat. He was a little red in the face from a few too many. He literally got a few too many green lizards up there. And Auguste said it was it was pouring outside. And they were busy pouring inside all week as what it was saying. So the weather was horrible. You ought to see what's on the front page of the National Post here. This one you'd be embarrassed. They'll like you feel better though, just to prove it's not just America. Where's the headline? Uh. Here it is. A huge, huge picture. We're a made scoff history. Ah, that feels good. Here's a big picture because it's Canada's first man to take a major golf tournament, Mike Weir. And here's Tyre was putting the green jacket at the Masters on Mike Weir. That's the front page story on the right. We National Post. Great. Is that pathetic? Yesterday I get a call here from Rimmer. You're a good post best personal friend. Uh huh. This is oh, and weir's on the 17th of Newt. They're going to be a play by play on golf. Boy, that phone hit the cradle so fast. So what are you doing? What is wrong with you, man? Golf. He's here to get away from people like you. And then the front page of the National Post. It has much got a golf picture on the front page. Oh, but it's a Canadian. Who gives a crap? It's golf. Got it. There's one thing. I'm going to go out of crusade. We're going to make it illegal. If they can make smoking and everything else illegal, which we got a great smoking story. By the way, do you see that story? No. I factored to you. But of course, you're not paying any attention. Bounce to their fates and bounce your fiddly stab in Brawl of a New York City smoking band. In a manhead in my club. We'll get to that and lots of other good stuff. First, the poll from over the weekend, which we had a spectacular response. In fact, my ego is growing by the second because we had 1933 votes. That could be a record. At least in the post-Aleon era. Don't you think? At least. Once the last time we had 2,000 votes on a poll on this show, I remember how we can once, huh? Having 2,000 votes. That is spectacular. 1933. Well, I downloaded it at 1917. Who do you think has the biggest ego we asked and winning? I'll tell you, Mo, you're a sluffin, baby. If that piece on your head sluts as much as your effect on a poll, you're going to be in big big ass trouble. And speaking of big ass, Larnaz Limball wins the biggest ego 3,779 votes. Mo Howard David did a very respectable second game or run for his money 349. I guess they don't know Mo like we know. No Mo. George W172. And then yours truly kneel Rogers 121, which I find most amusing, but I guess a lot of people want to take a shot now, because I'm unpatriotic. I'm a left wing, comedy, liberal, a pink, or bastard, fact, whatever, you know. That's okay. That's why we put it on there. 121, which is amusing to me since I have no way to go ahead and work on your 27 and a half years in Miami. Howard Stern 108, Donald Rumsfeld 107, hereby I'm Gary Rumsfeld Jr. 107, the hump are 73. By the way, who did not stop into talk hockey with me at all, I speak, I feel wounded. You missed your big opportunity, Humber. And what did I tell you about the Bruins? No chance they're going to go for an out. How about those orders, huh? How about the mighty ducks? Try and Maurice mighty ducks. I'm a person hockey, George. I'll rob her her 067, Bill O'Reilly 61. Steve Mr. Ego came 52. He wouldn't have done a lot better, but all insatiants voted all twice. 52 votes. George had 45, including the vote from his daughter. Well, that's embarrassing. Oh, she knows. Yeah. Big ego. Papa Sance. That's gone Sabrina. Donald Trump 44, Jennifer Lopez 39. Boy, her ego was as big as her raccoon. Yeah, she'd really done good. Rick snatches an overtime with 38. See a lot in common here. Talking about big ass. Larry King 31, Alice Pinga, Piccadier 26, OJ 25, Rick Rally 24, Castron over 23. Let me say it again. Castron over 23. And I wonder why I said it again? What? Because he likes repeating everything twice. Hi, see whatever we do. Mike Renee and Hypinga and Martha Stewart tied 21. They both have a lovely do. Jim Roman Madonna tied with 17. Phil Henry only had 11. Are you sure Richard Pearl 4 and Emily Gassy 4? I guess these people have never seen Richard Pearl, huh? Then the way he talks down his nose that everybody that arrogant, sneering, oh man. They don't even know who that is. They wouldn't know Richard Pearl from Pearl Bailey a bit. Probably possible there's so many stupid people out there. Why, really? Stop and think about that. Do you have a solution? Why do I examine that? Oh, and I'm talking about in America. How come it is so, so many stupid stupid stupid people. We made it too easy. Five is the crap. I mean, I don't know too much, but I feel like a genius when I'm in America. Maybe that's why. Come here and I feel like. Really? I'm serious. It's 11 past nine. We got a big big fat line up today. We're going to take a whole bunch of calls on this. Showing in the mad dog is back from Detroit. And Augusta with a big fat red nose. He looked like Sandy Claus. Really? I mean, he was right in the post. And he admitted he'd had a few thousand green lizards. And yellow ones and purple ones and red ones. Those were the pills. Jim managed one to three to hop or my good close friend who did not stop by the seamy last week. And I feel really wounded. The hopper will be a two-less three. Marlins on deck is six thirty. The Marlins at the filly seven ten and a nine. Any interest? Oh, a pretty good crowd. So what are we going to get to the brave series? Were you there Carlos? Oh, that's right. You would have had a pay. I'm actually at my yellow was there with some free tickets. Any K following Marlins baseball Joe Mark overnight. There's the agenda. We set the table. The weather here is unbelievable. It's going to be 70 today. Oh, 79 tomorrow. And then 45 on Wednesday. What were just getting a little taste? You know? Yeah. Sometimes that's the way you, you know, you work your way in with. You get a little taste first. And then you'd have five headlong in. Huh? That's not a bad idea. You get just a little taste. Give it a little tease in the beginning. And then when you're good and ready, you'd die right on in. Like sticking your toe on the swimming pool. You know, see if the water's warm. It turns out to be real nice and toasting. And instead of mine for one, any of jump right in. Anyway, speaking of jump and right in, I had a call at home from Fat Boy on Friday, who wants that food from Balance for Life. Here's the answer for you, and a short, uh, that's it. No, we're not giving you the beast food. And stop trying to dance on the beast gray fat boy. We already tried that game with Fat Boy did to work now. And I'll tell you right now, I did Balance for Life for several days while I was down there. And guess what? $192.6 this morning. Not bad on my digital. It doesn't lie scale. Huh? All right. Not too bad considering not very long ago. I was 202 and I was 192.6 on your dial. You can lose weight the delicious, the easy way with Balance for Life. And take it for me. The food is better than ever. It is delicious. The Ruben Raps and the chicken salad Raps and the omelets and all of the stuff. And they're the beef dishes and all kinds of great stuff. No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning. By the way, did Dr. Abab Bahang on over the weekend? Do you know he's in coma? I know I heard he was in a coma. I don't know how he's doing. Better check it out. Uh, that has nothing to do with this. No cleaning, no calorie counting, no carb counting. Speaking of Dr. Bob, just delicious food and real quick results on that scale. When you try Balance for Life, they bring your all the food you need for the entire day. A little black sack that they drop right at your door at work at home. At the massage parlour, we're going to be by six in a morning. And inside your sack, our three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks and little bottle of water. And of course, all the food is prepared fresh and delicious. The finest ingredients known to man. Nothing frozen, nothing pre-fab, no chemicals. And there's plenty of food to keep you satisfied all through the day unless you're the fact boy. So, I'll pick up that phone and call me only choices you're going to have to make or be between two for each showday that you're on a program. Each moon you have two choices for every meal. And you pick out whichever one you want. So, simple as that. Let Balance for Life help you lose the weight and get your health back. Not just will you look better. You'll be healthier too. Call Balance for Life today. 9-5-4-5-6-8-3-2-29. Even though we rip them in as the beast is lost 60 pounds and balance for life and still going to lose a lot more or else. 9-5-4-5-6-8-3-2-29. Or check them out on the web if you like it. Balance for Life.com. My life and love this is course for you. 5-6-6-6-6. You're way away, yeah. Something you put in brains will all be in my side. Relic soon. 8-5-6-6-6-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9400 covered with plutoniumdalp Whitehead is the most specific He's so smooth. He puts me here in a trash. He makes me feel funny in my pants. Buh! Don't give me wrong, I'm not gay, but I'll tell you man if I would that way. If he paradise, just me a lesser hold. Ha! Champagne on ice and double ice a dead boat. Nine-19 at Flem, what veterans have brought up in, I love it. Nine-19 at Flem, at WDQM, here's our first call of a great new week from Miami. Hello? Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. George, get back on that, and I'll get that call on it, town. Bring that thing to boy. OK, there's a vote for Bina Boy. They hate you, George. I don't know what it is. I'll eat it into all I could on the ego pool. Huh? No, stop. What's the poll we did last week? Carlos, where George didn't win, but he came in, did he? What was that poll? It was some kind of a negative, hateful hostile. What was that? Oh, that's right. No, he did win. What sends you to the dial that changed the station of the past. That's right. Golf talk, hockey talk, George's voice. I mean, we had a lot of good choices there. I think you want hands down your pants. All right. The started George's voice sends them diving to the dial. I'll shut up then. No, don't shut up. This is the one I want to shut up. All right. Shut up. Five, six, I'll see. Eric's not wasting any time. I'll tell you, Carlos has got him on the ball, man. The heavy duty competition, now that the beaner boys do instead to great job with the yo, our website. He didn't waste any time getting up this new pool this morning. It's under 11 votes already. Can you believe that? We haven't even announced it yet. It's already got 11 votes. I voted. Which of these things will you remember the most about the day before we get to that? So you're got too much stuff on my plate. You know, that's like fat boys problem, too much stuff on his plate. That's why he removes it and shows it all on his fat post. You make me sick fat boy and don't you ever call me again at home you idiot. What a moron. Hey, Palai, can I have that photo now? No. I don't care if the beast loons up to 600 pounds. We're not feeding you. We already tried. See, we wouldn't have tried it once. I'd say, oh, well, something to think about. Why not? But we tried it once. And he'd only ate all the food. He was even eaten a plastic containers that the food comes in. And the black sack. He said, hey, fat boy, where's your black sack? Oh, ain't it? Ain't it, palai? I hate this you jack as, but anyway, not only little evil was a great obscure recorder artist, but the other one had a media that came to my mind was somebody who they named a pancake house after. International? No, yeah, any international. Carl Perkins. Oh, yeah, international. I think the guy was right. Shut up, George. Which of these things will you remember the most about this or racket tack we asked? I've got, I think, eight great choices on there. I've got the right to bring down the statues of Saddam, which we have a story on our website today, which we'll eventually talk about, that that was a staged photo opportunity. No. And didn't I make the comment at the time, Peter Boy, that didn't look like there was too many people there? Yep. Well, they showed the aerial photo and there's like, there's nobody there really. There's a handful of people. Well, they were scared. Oh, is that it? Yeah. No, they were busy looting. Turing down the statues of Saddam, rescue the POWs. Let's hear it. We got those seven POWs, which all of us have very thrilled about that. They're great photo out for the president, but nevertheless we're happy about that. The looting and the chaos, the thousands of dead and wounded people, the great job by our military, the biased reporting, cheerleading by our media, the Iraqi information ministers daily comedy, I'll tell you one thing, you won't be missing them for long. The rumor around the station is he's replacing Moe, warning show the Iraqi information minister. Do you think that's a great idea? Sure. Oh, they'll get a number. More humor in the first 30 seconds and Moe's head and over a year now, except for the peace in which you can't see on a radio. If we had like webcam for the Moe show, that would put them over the top. And I was to pay everybody in town with who didn't just to see what which piece he was wearing and how it was hanging on that day. How's it hanging, Moe? Right over my left here. The Iraqi information ministers daily comedy or the Saddam doubles doing photo ops, like the Chubby clown, right. Saddam. That was after meeting and greeting in the kiss and little babies. The ones who were still alive. So there you go. There's our poll for the week. I hope that nobody was grossed out by those pictures that Carlos put on our website. I begged him, please don't put that on there. But he went ahead and did anyway. Didn't I beg you put, I mean, no people needed to see that stuff as grossed, and horrible as it was because the mainstream media aren't showing you that. And that's really what war's all about. Not just this war. That's the counter. Yeah, that's right. We don't want you to see that. We just want to see the Operation Iraqi Freedom that was so well planned out. I don't want to get started. Here's our other call. It's from Boca. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. Oh, you've podcasted a novel. What's still in your material today? Yeah. He did a unusual about the biggest penis as an Hollywood. And that's what you're doing. Don't you have a song that's called, uh, you're sharing Jones. Oh, brother, sure not waste any time. Are they wasting any time? No. Thanks a lot, Reverend Jones. Nice hearing from you. He's okay. I like him. I hate to admit it, but I mean, some chronic, you know, all speaking of chronics don't send me any facts as many chronicsmit canmomediaally. Okay. We'll not be mentioning their names ever again on the show. I've already done a lot. Really? Yeah. Oh, wow. That's pretty hidden a week. His pressure got greater and greater. We were starting to get through those people. Need some serious, serious ass assistance. Not that I needed to tell you, because you wouldn't have known whether I was there or not, but I'm not there. I'm in T.O. And I'm very happy about it. It's blue skies in the beautiful day coming up here. And I got the window open. It's just great. Got a little of that SARS virus coming into window. Yeah. But I didn't. But so whatever, there's no sense in wasting it, because George isn't going to relay those facts as to me anyway. And they'll never even see. I won't even glimpse the writing so I can shmit can at myself personal. So wasting one sheet of paper is bad enough. Yeah, but wasting a pair. So I told him and tell us that what a waste of a pair. He ran out of there. Hey, Miguel George is really pissed off of you. He's going to be a scat fight in the hallways when I'm here. I got to talk about it. Just kind of pulled a little. I don't know what happened. I know that he knew and he left like he was going to go do something about it. But I thought it was going to be gone. Yeah, he did. He did. Yeah. He, uh, he, uh, he, uh, he, uh, he, you were going to be gone. And so he scanned the, uh, parents of the 300 bucks from Treasure Island else. Also, probably got to something there, too. His girlfriend might listen all the way down. He's probably got her tied up in the closet somewhere. Yeah, if he wants to. 68 votes already. We just sat down here. Do I have to admit that my clocks were wrong. I got up this morning thinking was 610 and was 710. Oh, well, well, 610's back because that's Wild's 610. It cannot be 610 anywhere that I am. It was 710 because I forgot to set the clock. So when I got here yesterday, by the way, uh, hi to Helen and, uh, alien and all my, we're good friends at Air Canada. I had to change my close three times. They've paid over me so much yesterday in the airport. Which of these things are remember most about this or market tech, the biased reporting that cheerlead me by our media, 23. I'll speak in of our media here. This is giant Rogers. See, even she's talking about me already. The Iraq information ministry is daily comedy 13. That was special. Yeah. The thousands of them wounded people 10, which was also special in a sick way. Turing down the statues of Sodom nine, those great photo ops, especially that one in particular in the middle of Bang that. We, I did a play by plan that last week, where we're gone. Yeah. It was great. I should have. A great job by our military eight, the looting in chaos to the rescue of the POWs to and the Sodom doubles doing photo ops one. Come on, the clown deserves better net. The clown Sodom, he was almost as funny as the Iraqi information in the ministry. He was a hoot. But that big smile on his face is the real happy girl lucky guy. Oh, yeah, this is Sodom really. Anybody believe it? Oh, nobody's a funny guy. They're going to shoot me. Yeah. Yeah. He's just not there in the open. We see the clouds in the background of Cloth. Smoking the dust on the world, burning. Yeah. He's just a friendly kind of guy. How do I remember the Savak and the Shaw ever ran? Somebody mentioned that to me yesterday in the airport. I was chatting with, right? The Shaw ever ran, which, of course, the public over through him because he was everybody's bad as Sodom and then they got the eye at toll in there and then we had to get Sodom in there to fight the eye at toll and I look when sled to. And by the way, you serious, you're next. Yeah. We're going to get your ass. See, this is really the search for weapons of mass destruction. We're going to keep looking. We're going to tumble country after country until we can find some 927 at 560 WQM. I'll tell you, if you're on a search for some real bargains, I'll tell you where to find them. The bargains are at the Swap Shop with over 88 acres chock full of bargains from indoor and outdoor vendors. The Swap Shop is the busiest retail location in the world before daylight and at night, the Swap Shop has the world's biggest 13 screen drive and movie theater featuring great first-run movies. Why do so many people of shop at the Swap Shop you might ask will I tell you why? Because no place else can you see millions and ziggins at all is worth a brand new brand they merchandise at flea market prices. And everything you buy at the Swap Shop is glad and teed. Free admission free parking seven days a week. The Swap Shop is the cheapest place in the world to shop on Thursdays via free buyer or free seller every Thursday. Free garage sales face before 5 at AM and Mondays like today all day long. All of these things waiting for you with the Swap Shop on sunrise Boulevard between 995 and the turnpike called 954-791-Swap. Don't miss the free million dollar three-bring circus seven days a week. You can smell the 10 miles up the road. Get the Swap Shop 954-791-Swap. My life and love this is for three of my 60s. You wait two a.m. I am a mogri. I made my phone when you were going out with cheerleaders. Just sit right back in your hear the tail of Peter Arnett. The phone bowling reporter said the stupidest thing yet. He goes on my rocky team and talks out of his butt. Now he can work the drive through and the bag that pizza. Can I have this big mouth shut? And may see as heard about they can't visit the end. People seem to want him better and roasted on a spit. The Senate had a fit. Peter Arnett's just another big mouth with a mic like the pixie chicks. And Martin Sheer. Tim Robbins. And his wife. Those movie stars. The professor I've come on me up. They should get alive. Next thing we'll see Peter with a turban on his head. Hangin' with the dumb who's saying that he used the start-up med. Peter says he'll disappear to an island far away. We should drill holes in his boat so our not has to stay. The folks at a mess and B.C. have finally had enough. I guess they're sick of his entire American stuff. I won't miss his comb over or his opheil achieved. He sounded like he was starting cocaine with the azure blade. It's a 933-560 WQAM. Look what's winning on a pole. The biceby porting. I wonder how come on the American? No, no, no. I've heard you're all about to fact that 90% for the first several days after like two-teen Wednesday last week. The first several days after that with all the looting and a chaos that was going on or is Don Robbinsfeld said the untidyness after the war, the untidyness. Oh my god, what a pile of crap. Yeah. The untidyness. Does he got away with words or why? But the fact that a matter is 90% of the hospital workers. Well, first of all, they were looting the hospitals and taking out the mattresses and anything else they get their hands on. So 90% of the hospital workers were afraid to show up for work because they were afraid to leave their homes. They were staying home because anybody who left their house when all the hysteria was going on, they'd come home to an empty house if it was still standing. How do you like that? Yeah. So obviously the planning was really very thorough and very good in terms of what we would do once we got there. And just like how many cars I said in Afghanistan, you wait, you'll see the same thing there. We hope not, but I have a feeling. He might have his dumb on it. Here's the facts from Shabbyron Miami. Who says, there is no meaning to shock and awe in a rank, Bush administration, especially DR Donald Rumsfield and his neocons in the Pentagon have given new phrase winning the hearts and minds of Arabs and Muslims with shock and awe. First we bombarded them and killed untold numbers of civilians and as soon as they occupied a rack-tanky decided to send Franklin Graham for good Friday services for our true boy, were they? No, I wasn't. Billy Graham's son? This is the same Franklin Graham who called Islam an evil religion used all kinds of derogatory words for the prophet Mohammed. He ought to be given a real war welcome over there, I'm sure, and so that. Yeah, woman fuzzy. The Pentagon's even considering allowing Franklin Graham ministry to take humanitarian aid to the people of Iraq and provide more evangelical gospel mixed with the few morsels of rice and wheat. Matter of fact, speaking of Richard Pearl, the CBC last night showed one of the interviews that did a couple of weeks ago with him. And he was talking about the new world order. And about how they asked him. They said, well, what about he's talking about exporting American values all over the world. And they said, well, what about the two thirds of the world that doesn't share American values? He said, well, we either have to keep our distance or hope that in time we can bring them around to sharing our values. Well, what is that? We have days. Yeah, we have days of making you share our values whether you want to or not. Anyway, go down, Shabby, responses. This is what we call it, modern history. How to win hearts and minds with shock and awe. Arabs and Muslims are shocked in the arse as awe. Ah, shock. Thank you, Shabby, respect, excellent. And that's a presence as awe shocks. Who is not coming here by the way, he's pissed off. Yeah. Lucky you. Oh, yeah, that's Steve Wolf, what a clown him in the dickfinder. You're not fooling anybody. Jerry Fogel. Jerry Fogel from WBBF, I do believe, one of the busy bees. Who would a busy bees and WBBF marches to George? Come on. Joe Dean. Jerry Fogel. I think was Vogel. I don't know what his name is. There was always any me thund and WHC he's dead from Canon Day when New York. Let's do some upstate New York trivia. No, because only Dick Fineberg will be listening. We can't do it. No diaries. This is thanks for the little leave of trivia. No problem, Dick. And by the way, give a big statue, speaking of statues, follow a big statue and a a gold star and a purple jelly bean to Brian Sears on a way out of town. What a great job again, Brian. You're the best. Everybody's the best of what they do. You know the centers in every category. There's someone who's the best. And when it comes to driving a host, there ain't nobody like Brian Sears. Our man. Right Carlos. Right. You are so out of it. What a shelter life is. You go through there with the, just they don't have too many horse races under the overpass. You know, they're in too much, they're a little horse and a round going on. They have too much going on under the overpass. Cockroach races. Yeah. Or something like that. Roach races. I heard George liked to participate in those. There's a roach in the ass training. We're in town. George will race you over to it. I'm going to start with the first time minister said to me, US concerns, El Presidente and go on, but Cretchen says, well, that's the way goes. He said that he's a moron anyway. John Cretchen hopes to meet with his old friend, Bubba Milton. The former representative after George W. Bush, the current one canceled the state visit to Canada over on happiness with Ottawa stand over to Warren Erak. All poor sensitive touchy baby. Mr. Cretchen is going to play golf with Bubba. Honey like a mouth see. He's not perfectly the place golf. And he talks out of the side of his mouth. Like most politicians. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Marlesla. Where's this tremendous outpouring your calls were supposed to have this morning, huh? There are other stuff here, but I'd rather get to a tremendous number of calls who want to articulate and irreculate. And whatever goes with that irreculate. Don't see you not too much. Of course it's a good Friday this Friday. We got a piece of how went. What did I tend to be for the show? Ever hear this is the week that we might as well just shut the transmitter off on this show. Holy week. It is holy moly wait because the Jews are busy with their pace of the key. Can't he? Whatever else you do on pace off, whichever get what that is. And the glamour busy rolling their Easter eggs. Yeah. And go into church on Friday. Can't we take Friday off? Yeah, let's. Let me take a look at the schedule here. Let's see. I'm on Howard. Jim. Not nobody at any cake. Chris, we got Jews and Jocs and we don't take days off like good Friday. Shame on you, Mad Dog. Working on good Friday. Here's Carl Springs. Good morning, Neil. Yes sir. I'm going to irreculate a little bit. The thing I'm going to remember was about irrecate words. He's building your dollars. That Howard person is getting out of this. Yeah. Are you building? What's that? I thought I was two. Well, no. Did you get that article? Did they're going to get another 7 billion for rebuilding over the next year? That's right. I forgot to put the 7 and no one together. You know, that. That answered a lot of questions from that. Couldn't fit your outway at Guy Lake Dick Cheney who made 13 million dollars a year before just to take a job to pay him less than 10% of what he was making. And now I know why. But the only bad thing is nobody else. I know why because nobody says anything. You know, the media is only talked about what they're allowed to talk about. That's because everybody's been intimidated. Now we have this new thing in America where more than five people know who you are. You're not supposed to say anything. Well, these movie stars. They got some nerve. And I'm never going to go see one of their movies. Why is it that what happened to the old days when everybody, whether they were a movie star or a plumber or a janitor, could give their opinion and, you know, having opinion and be free to voice it without fear of being a boy cut it. And everybody come and on. Why do you want to be a man if you're a anti-American? I wish it's getting away with it again. A pedigreecae pal. Bye. And a line of the free used to be free. I'm in line with a free. Yep. What's your excuse? Look at that. Robert A. Deodorant with balls, right-guard extreme power caps. I don't understand as fancy to send me to, it says, I saw the enclosed in Car and Driver magazine. Oh, I see Donner Shalila and Eddie Joseph, you have said about A. Deodorant with balls. Oh, no. And it's one of these roll-on things it's got. They have balls on it. The roll-on balls. Can you say roll-on balls? No. I'm sorry. Not anymore. This is if having balls is good enough for right-guard. Well, I'll tell you, our problem is I'll look regular on hand-it-a-tim the billboards are all still up. They just took off the logos of the pussy franchises, the hurricanes, any adalphans. They disappeared from the one billboard. Thanks for doing such a great job since Eric and West Palm Beach. Thank you, Eric. A Deodorant with balls, the station with balls, and a, uh, what is your title at you? Is he the new president now, Donner Shalila? I don't know. Why, what do you mean we don't know? Well, I don't know. Well, I don't know. I don't know what that mean is. Well, I don't know what that mean mean. Well, I don't know. Well, I don't know what that mean being a boy he's supposed to know about these things. He's a big Hurricane, Hurricane, Anah. Huh, who on? Inform, cause huh, haha, a big Jack supporter. I'm looking a pool already. Which of these things would you remember the most about this Iraqi deck? By the way, they went in to creep this morning and AA! Not too much. Cause everybody else left they ran like her, hundreds and 20 votes. The Iraqi Information Minister is daily comedy 22, the thousands of dead-and-mounded people 21. Taring down the statues of Sodom 16, the great job by our military 15, the looting in Chaos 4, rescue of the POWs 2 and the Sodom Devil doing photo-absolute 1? I would have thought he'd have gotten more than that, I thought he was spectacular. In fact, maybe he could be on the morning show with the Iraqi Information Minister, huh? Sure be to crap out old mo! niez local invest. Exeed 6560 ก́й́ hillRelaytsf harpsured by a lame IIally envy over the time Though Miss adventures of a rocky and go wake up TV TV TV TV You died in ancient about two speeds Okay, give me that crystal ball Hmm Second he got up in the wrong type of the boat crew Perhaps a poem will help The game's a game your one-wacked out dude And just like your oil, your smelly and grouh Ha ha And most did you say your squirrel friend? Oh you mean rocky? Sure He's over there It'll be there It'll be there Oh my, rocky What do you know about this to them? Don't ask me Ask my anti-hinti Anti-hu Anti-heclam Ha ha ha Join us next time for oils well that end well Or kiss your cask goodbye Hey moose What weather forecast for today? Bow me Uh oh Oh They're racking in Bowling Saturday morning on New Galeria Oh Oh 947-560WQM Here's a lady in plantation, hello Hi, I'm a man On the turn-type now, but Here's lady on the turn-pike What that? I said how you done Oh, pretty good But I'm really pissed off about something About one Uh uh about the situation and the wreck Specifically that If you were anything to care To know I could be wrong about this Because I am a product of the laboratory school system But I do believe I learned in school that it takes two thirds of an answer congress To start a war I missed something and it happened and I missed it No, I wonder what you missed the Democrats rolling over and playing dead That's what you missed I'm just Really pissed off about this I'm pissed off that we're going to use all our resources in this war And then when we keep on fighting everybody we're going to be depleted Look at Kirby I mean, this is where you start This is by the way is this the same military that they told us that Clinton had just the totally Emasculated and taken away all of the things that they needed and didn't fund the military Isn't this the same one that they inherited that did just a wonderful job? That very same one Yeah So I'm really angry about this That nobody seems to care Nobody's talking about it No, not only don't you know It's not just that they don't care But if you don't agree with a company line It makes you a bad person That's what pisses me off the most If you're not out there waving a flag And the green with the ghost stepping While we have to we have to support our commander in chief or in war But that's a bunch of bullcrap Exactly that's cool bunch of crap I think you can have an opinion and not agree with these things and still be an American Right But I guess he must be all a bunch of puncture people with Alzheimer's because they forget Vietnam if it wouldn't have been for public opinion We probably still be in there Ah, the king's got Thank you for letting me in Hang in there That'd be true Good luck I'm hanging watch it driving down there That's another thing I don't miss driving You people you're driving most of you I've always said this and it's true You're it's just like they sit on impersonator It's the same thing we got a whole bunch of people in South Florida impersonating drivers And didn't take me long to get back into my mood Oh, sorry I can't deal with it I'm sorry I've never seen such crap and every time I get back home It's worse It's madness Did I say get back home like I said I'm back home Oh, but As a matter of fact I'm glad that he called with that because here's one of the great stories in the Sun Sentinel yesterday Today is a matter of fact at this morning I'm on top of it Residential Patriotism by Relang Flag from Wellington to Miami-Dade County Yeah That shows your patriotism Oh, God, I'm so I want to puk I want to vomit I want to just like Linda Blair puk up piece of For about 20 hours get out of my system That's what makes you patriotic And it's just like I said But you know, see the interesting thing is after 9.11 The majority of people I think I'm right in saying that the majority of people found some way whether was putting a flag in front of their house Or putting some kind of a thing under car They displayed real patriotism because the country had been attacked Right We felt that all of us as Americans were under attack There was very little debate about that Not too many people said Well, you know, this had nothing to do with me But now you'll notice You'll see flags on cars like maybe one out of here Be a hundred maybe Right, sure Even Where I was in the deep sale Yeah, and the reason for that being that we haven't we're not under attack Iraq wasn't going to attack us. They were going to attack Britain We went in and we attacked them We went in and we invaded another country And this idea just like pretenses He's the oldest whole thing of regime change is crazy He says today it's Iraq who's going to be tomorrow Syria, I'm sorry who's going to be to and after that regime change which is just go for going in there and overthrowing governments I'll tell you you want to do a real good one Let's make a stop over to your close to Syria It's right next door. Let's make a stop over in Israel and give it a very all-sharone Sounds good to me For pace off, let's do it Put somebody moderate in there now. Sharone says, well, he's willing to sit down And they're going to start doing the really hard painful things and get out of those settlements I'll believe it when I see it, okay? I'll believe it when those drails of Hanukkah time turned into hundred dollar bills Anyway, it wasn't the red white and blue human shame they hoped for But some software residents showed their patriotism yesterday By relaying a flag from Wellington to date county. Aren't you a throw the wrong? I feel so freaking American man Come on, let's play something patriotic Oh, Canada Come on, Canada Several dozen people from Palm Beach and Broward counties participated in a flag Related to show the support for the troops in Iraq The original idea, the original idea was thousands of people standing side by each Passing a flag to each other along US 441 It's well short Yeah, they couldn't find it a peep But organized is pushed the understanding of the century But organized is pushed it anyway They decided to make it a relay walk with one group of participants heading the flag after What is who we're waiting They carried an American flag for 50 miles along the road starting at the mall in Wellington Green on Forest Hill Boulevard 8 AM It was one of two pro-trupe events Sunday in Palm Beach County At John Pray O'Gees What happened? I just spilled a little bit of soda Okay, I get a little carried away Just a little bit, not a whole bunch like that one time At John Pray Park and Lakeworth crowds turned out to your local bands at the Patriotic team feed him fest Wellington resident Michelle Shaw conceived the flag really about two weeks ago Brilliant work there Michelle You'll spend your time more useful Go out there and visit some sick people in the hospital Raising some money for under-privileged kids Right? Yeah, I'm sorry I was just frustrated watching the news Oh, here is the line Okay, this is what really caught my attention This is America for you I was just frustrated watching the news There were so many anti-war protest jossin Horn's have been honking all over the place this means a lot to us There's so many people who don't get it You don't understand what freedom of speech is all about You don't understand about legitimate protest You don't get it at all Just goose stepping and going along with whatever the government says is nothing a good American It's not being a good citizen It's not being a thoughtful human being It's being a sheep That's all you're being as a sheep Every kind of country does something worse than what's the say? Yeah, USA Yeah, my bus idiots And it goes on about to this one said this and that one said that And our troops are fighting so we can have a look at this Look at this Our troops are fighting so that we can have the freedom to do what we're doing right now Said chauces to your lower a green bird 32 of all England I think our troops were fighting supposedly if really that was what they were supposed to be for for the freedom to not only Do your march, but all the other protesters that you're lamenting so badly too As the camp brought me to my place here yesterday from the airport Yeah Coming past the US consulate over on University Avenue There were a pro war protests There were a bunch of Iraqi and a few other people and they were waving American flag inside You're on the other word But I'm sorry man Ha ha ha ha And you know something that's about right that's about an accurate count So I don't seen by you that's about right I mean what are we talking about here Have to keep excoriating everybody who doesn't agree with you And we're gonna boycott their movies in Martin's scene You're a son of a bitch and this one in Susan's command and we got a cancel at the showing of the movie at the hall of the baseball hall of fame I mean I mean I'm the people really that stupid Obviously they must be there buying into what are millions of Mar buy into what Chris millions of people voted for this bosom in the first place Not a majority but a whole lot of them did One thing I never ever got to do is apologize for the fact that I'm not sure we sit here and you know have it They talk about balls at least we got the balls even and in a long run it's not going to help us in a long run We're going to pay a price for it too bad we don't care We just don't care Those people want to get their arbitrage on diaries if they want to punish us because we don't want to go stepala have a good time I don't care Somebody somewhere to need to be a few of us in this country and there are just a select few who've got to balls and just like that Michael more column I read last week you were out, but it was great Was on our website But after the all-out hoopla but his performance at the Oscars accepting his Academy Award The sale of his book went skyrocketing went back to number one on the New York Times best seller list About the Dixie to Dixie chicks actually the sale of their records their CDs skyrocketed They went on the top number four whatever was on the billboard company chart good So all of the same but again the media doesn't tell you that the media wants to convey the company line and that is that if you dare To step out and speak the opposing point of view if you won't go step it align that you're going to pay a price for it And that's not true. It's not true. They're owned by the company. So of course they're going to give the company line that is correct And this business would cheap channel radio and in fact at the Michael Powell you know at the FCC They want to give them the opportunity to buy up more radio stations So you can have Rush Limbaugh and Dr. Laura and Schmidt my shift and the same crap on every station America And not have any choices left and here the same right wing point of view 24 hours a day. So all every day Yeah, but at least you won't have to hear somebody say do do Oh, I forgot about that. No, it not do do you better get with it because you you didn't get the memo I told you a little bit this morning, but now you can't even say I predicted that they would come you can't say it And you can't take one too close to show time. So get it out of your system a little earlier from now on ass See Carlos Told you yeah, Bina boys get ready to sign a contract by the way for your job one more ass, and that's it and do not do that eating ass stuff In fact, but if you meet that you've done the last show on that trust me when I tell you that just beating ass from no one Not see there. No one more ass One more ass I'll tell you place somebody ask me the other day. What's your really good place to go for he got a big healthy appetite the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet You won't see fat boy over there because they won't let him in they have three locations during sunrise north Miami Beach and a newest Emerald Coast is in prestigious Pembroke Pines They got six different kinds of soups. They've got Zidians of different oriental and other entrays all delicious fresh crunchy Great the beef dishes and chicken and all kinds of great stuff those pot stickers are good ever have those no they're like fried crap. I mean a one tons Or you'll serve and turf on weekends your steps take me to order the gourmet center or sizzling Asian grill featuring lots of great stuff like teriyaki steak and shrimp chicken Seed food handcar per member of all cooked to order their mocos buffet promotes healthy living to because they don't use any cornstarch No MSG which in some of those Chinese restaurants you walk out with a pounding headache feeling like you're dying over there and they only cook with cholesterol free oils at the Emerald Coast to the buffet features a full salad bar New sushi bar and fresh shrimp cocktail as well and Emerald Coast lobster fest is back featuring lobster thermators and lobster bisc You gotta bring a big healthy appetite because it's worth trying to desert bar too if you have any room left at all pies and cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings and even fresh fruit even Maybe heaven watermelon all the time on the emil coast buffet three locations for you in sunrise the original softload of location is Pinella to 44th Street They're on Colise Avenue just north of 163rd north Miami Beach and at the intersection of flamingo and Pembroke's in Pembroke Pines be sure until Richard go leave school and you stop and especially the light if we lose tonight. We're out Emerald Coast except for reservations take out delivery available to call nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two Bring our healthy appetite you walk out with a big smile on your post at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet In my country we have no need gross no You can feel it No Here is timing so why baby Is It Motion Got the face You got the right one You got the right one You got the right one You got the right one You got the right one You got the right one You picked the right one Baby Ten or two or five six You're getting happy Monday to you I've now started joining the show What is a little BBC for you? Okay, let's take a call from Boca Showy Boca is pretty busy this morning Oh god how boring and that's a different one by the way Was it I think in our or the same maybe it's P.D's boyfriend Here's their cover rage hello Hello, yes sir Hey Neil, I'm calling about I read an article this morning about Donna Romphill Yeah, he was weak and he was 10 reps at Accum about uh, you know why they're planning to go to Cuba next And so Castro murdered those guys for kids Right, how jacking and I was wondering what did these people think that uh It's going on with this Bush administration as far as they don't care about people It's just care about all those don't you think so big business man all their buddies and big business That's all there's about I put it on a time ago. Oh I L and M. O. Any why and it's all their care about as far as Romphill He's an asshole that's sure I agree I agree Have a great day Yeah, you're not fooling anybody about you fooling some people rummy but not too many A little untightiness after the war And and then at that very same press briefing he was forming at the month. Did you see that one? No, where he was discriminated was you I say today was the paper was your free news holding it up and they had big headlines about the looting which Of course is the only story because it was just total chaos which is what one the headline many of the headlines said total chaos and bagged it and he's a he's this all they could find this is all they can find and I mean time we've done this so we've done that. Papa papa and that's all they could find I mean he is scary. He's like good Joseph curbles and here. I'm gearing and all these all rolled up into one And this and last night the CBC showed the documentary again about the background of how Iraq came to be what it was right and about how Reagan you know The supposedly Saddam was the CIA's hand picked guy over there to counteract the Iatola after they over through our good buddy the Shah who we installed in the first place in Iran And even after the gassing of the curds which they showed the course we told the curds just like we did the Hungarians you got the revolt new to this We're gonna come in and help you which of course we did not do and so then he gased thousands of his own people and Reagan the ah not hands off because it's our boy That's our guy Mm-hmm and subsequent to that here was all this closing up including a Cheney and a Halibut and people doing business with him as little as five years ago Right in billion dollar contracts with the worst the most evil dictator on a face of the earth how are people so stupid to believe this? How is it possible to be that dumb even if you're trying? Even little beater boy why they didn't get out of the third grade even he knows better than that a second grade Oh, he wants to vote that Restoring security here will take time and manpower The story in peace may be quicker, but there are still occasional fire fights like this one in the early hours of this morning American troops opened fire on diehard Iraqi resistance and Round up fighters said to be still loyal to Saddam Hussein And you notice the bush mice do yesterday. Do you see the comments about this Syria? Yeah, this is the new deal. We're positive that they have chemical weapons and we're also positive that they're they've been helping out the Iraqis Got some of the Iraqi scumbags of across the border and yadiyadiyan. They're harboring them and you'll also notice the top Iraqi scientist Which we'd seen him many times before that turned himself in last the Friday He said we don't have any weapons of mass destruction. Oh, yes, you do. Oh, no, we don't now what would have been a reason for him to say that What what motivation when he's already turned himself in right then? I can do anything to him. I mean except interrogate him and beat him a little bit Pull his fingernails out But what would be the motivation to lie? We don't have any weapons of mass destruction Just general anti-Americanism. Oh, here's picture now. He also lost his mother. Oh, father and his younger brother Now he is dying because his terrible wounds are infected. Oh, Ali has septicemia He told me he'd like to be flown to London the specialist treatment as soon as possible Not making it That said, you were going to lose your weapons without such help Ali could well be dead within the week Thousands and thousands of examples like that and all all the war all the flagwaves up They have no opinion on this and you'll notice by the way speaking of our illustrious brilliant president now once Not once is he uttered one word. He's given all his sympathies to the relatives and families of the American troops over here who were killed Needlessly of course and people like David Bloom and reporters who were killed including the ones in the Palestine hotel who were murdered right but Not one word about the Iraqi civilians about the grotesque loss of life because there hasn't been any No, seriously, I mean stop and think about it. Well, what kind of insensitive prick are we talking about that is our president supposedly our commander and thief He won't acknowledge it just like Reagan didn't acknowledge aids until you know, oh my god, it's the unspeakable thing and of course you'll notice this story It's on the BBC a Oh, come me they just showed the images. This is the kind of thing and because in Vietnam if you recall and finally not even writing stories about this the last few days In Vietnam when it really started to come and close to home is when we started seeing the pictures of the wounded naked children and the Mutilation of the innocent people the civilians piles of bodies right then it started to come on like this butcher We going on over there and we're the ones they're talking about genocide and about Castro is doing this to the To the dissidents down there and he's three days just executed who the hell are we to talk? Like I said a couple of weeks ago the butcher of Baghdad was overthrown by the butcher of Washington. That's basically what it boils down to And he's saying serious next not work coming right out and saying that but you have to be pretty stupid not to read between the lines and What after that as Richard I aged the laugh wise to see the stuff about this new world order I thought that's what they got in mind. That's what it's all about they're gonna reshape the map And just like this business about Franklin Grand that was a great fast we had before because what a great example They don't want to hear from Franklin Grand they don't believe that crap. We're kind of convert the whole world of Christianity We're gonna make our over the whole world our own business Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello Neil. Yes, sir A couple of things I got your books that you talked about the blinded by the right right halfway through that one right now Good That is absolutely amazing. Yeah, how they just made all this stuff about Clinton up. They just went behind made it up And did you get the the new edition now because there was a second-curning I guess where he's got a new breakfast Yes, yeah, and and nobody's challenged him And some of the comments that he attributes to people I would think that they would just be screaming If if if if they were true. Yeah, they only come in and there was disputed was a Matt the drug spigna spirit One mother comment or something, but it's because I'm not even halfway through and I'm trying to pick my jaw off the floor It's incredible, but you know the most of the public one. They're not even going to read a newspaper much less of a book Oh, yeah, and and try to can try to explain or try to talk to somebody about facts and I love the The spin is now complete on this war as I recall we were going for because they had weapons of mass destruction and they were in imminent terrorist threat Ask anybody why we're there now and it's oh, we're freeing the Iraqi people right the ones where still like You're right who's next they're making the same noises about Syria that they were making about Iraq and Iran and Or Korea meanwhile the people who attacked they can that get yeah We're safe from little old ladies with nail files in their in their suitcase is there something exactly now you're talking It's a nation of sheep nail hang in our palay. I'll see you at the border Great day how about for you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T and Verizon wireless long Our pull question today on the arroggies dot com which are these things Well, we're you remember the most about the racketech course we should have put one other selection on there You know what it should have been was that Just to be cute The bias reporting cheerleading by the media 70 Very good Iraqi information ministers daily comedy 42 the thousands of hidden wounded people which should have been number one I voted for that the three or the great job by our military 29 tearing down the statues of Sodom 25 the looting in chaos nine Rescue of POWs for and the Sodom double weight if you're sick and tear to being fat on healthy and looking like crap and wearing Pupptenses that are real clothing here's the answer Balance for life everybody's getting great results the beast is lost 60 pounds and be a lot more if he didn't have all his bad influences Now it's your turn to do it. There's no cooking no shopping no cleaning or worries no calorie counting No carbohydrate counting no falling on a sidewalk and injuring your head dock That's right to use the knowledge of the zone diet with special emphasis on a glycemic values of carbs and put together Fantastic delicious meals. They bring you your little black sack every day and in your sack is all the food You need for the whole day. I'll keep you full believe me because there are three delicious gourmet meals Tudeless is next you get to choose between two choices for each meal I mean it's run a program and the wages pours off your body and you'll be satisfied and have a smile on your push and feel great too Because the food is made with the best ingredients no demand let balance for life Help you lose the weight once and for all what you got to lose be saw that fat the disgusting grow test punch call nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine If a fat boy calls you by the way don't you're in the food with him or check out their website at balance for life.com I'm actually a lesbian Yeah Yeah Well congratulations get a life 10 17 at five 60s on the ABC that we just shown a piece about the Iraqi Museum and Baghdad and the billions of dollars I've already passed over destroyed and trashed stolen, etc This mentioned in pan okay Here's a fact from Lyndon Boku says okay now I've heard it all they're talking about creating a video game called shock and on you absolutely correctly Linda Shock and on With Sony or Microsoft and part of the war plan stood they get to meet millions of dollars in profit of the expensive innocent lies Does Dick Cheney a friends of these companies? Probably he's got friends a good close personal friends at all a big business Remember I would shortly after they took office and he just absolutely refused to discuss those energy meetings He had with the head of the house shows from the big energy companies right now. We're not turning over that information because a secretive closet it administration that doesn't tell a public anything that conducts there a business behind closed doors Would a big hunch was from all their buddies in big business that wants to continue Passing these huge tax cuts for their friends in big business sounds like good friends that American people to be right and A public just continues waving their little flags just shot up dummy up you're on American you got to support our commander in faith and cut the crap. What is wrong with people man? We got so many mugwamps in America. That's the problem. I educated mugwamps I think even if people in North Carolina where you were like highly educated compared to the average mugwamp in that country. There's no doubt because I want to school in both places Linda says is this really happening and I'm living in the twilight zone can somebody please pinch me so I can wake up from this nightmare Linda wants you to pinch your George. All right, I'll be right over if Bush is reelected in 2004 and the spin is that he will there won't be a pinch big enough In this world of wake has all of our nightmare. That is if the world is still here, Linda in 2004. That's a few months away yet. Let's hope we make it. It'll be here for the Christians. Oh, that's right And those of us Jews who decide to accept the offer that way shouldn't refuse you and me and did you see 60 minutes as this fact? I did not see it did you know you know that propaganda expert bitch used car sales bitch was on there demanding that we understand that the whole world was getting the truth Through the live play by play reporting right then for a few seconds they went away snippet saying that other countries were showing the truth also by showing corpses of small children Like the one I guess moments ago wasn't a corpse, but a friend is gonna be Ali that's a year old boy. Mm-hmm Wow, it looked for just a moment that we're gonna confront her with the real bloods filling video This is being the truth, but astonishingly instead on 60 minutes They went to a piece of out of female golfer playing against men and how this will affect the world. Oh You know the thing about while room bird nearo fiddle and all that stuff. That's that's what it's all about front page at the right wing national post the militaristic Bush looking national post up here huge huge full color picture There's tiger put in the green jacket on Canadian Mike where who wins the masters in August at a golf tournament It's it's unspeakable is what it is the counts of Bakuba on the east side of the top of River Makuba Cuba Cuba we live by Cuba leave right here. How's that pull coming Neil glad you asked Which do these things you remember most about the Iraq attack the biased reporting by a cheerleading by the media 79 The wreck information ministers daily comedy 48 the thousands of dead and wounded people which obviously ought to be number 138 But of course most of these people haven't seen that enough so it's just numbers on a page and not real the great job by our military 37 tearing down the statues of Sodom 29 The looting in chaos 12 Rescue the POWs five and the Sodom doubles doing a photo ops three 56705 60 pound 560 on the 18th in Verizon line here's poppin. Oh hello Hello, yes, sir. Good morning Neil. How you doing? Okay? I was just flipping it yesterday and I happen to get kids country and they have a song written by this guy Have you forgotten and in the song he makes the connection that the world's rate center and to them are Connected and it's just the sheep just follow along and follow along and follow along right and Did you have a to see the Think about Roger Con not going up to the whole of fame. Yes Yeah Roger Con was really pissed off that they refused to show the movie because of Susan Serandon and who was yet a one Tim Robbins and The Roger Con who courses phenomenal a sports writer. He said I'm not gone. He didn't go good for him He's supposed to go an August and I have it right here just real quick By canceling the whole of fame anniversary celebration of bulls are for political reasons You are far from supporting our troops defying the noblest of the American spirit You are choking freedom of descent how ironic In theory at least we had been fighting this war to give our Rockies freedom of descent But here you through the greatest Attutions you had have moved to rob Tim Robbins Susan Serandon and Ron Shelton of that very freedom right Support of the American right to the cent. I have no choice but to cancel my August speaking of parents of the whole And he can not be reminded this scumbag at the a Hall of Fame who made the decision He was the assistant presser can tear for Ronald Reagan Yeah, but people don't know that people won't can negre ponte of the UN this one hair Elliott A. He was back this one back and American have a late Adam funder, but they want to read But they are dumb of them there. Yes, they are Neil how far into the border? Not too far, man. You can be here in a couple of hours. Thank you. Have a great day 567.0560 pound five 60 on a AT&T. I wonder what all those flag wait was I wonder what the people who were like marching from Wellington to a Date County yesterday. I wonder what those people think when they see the images of the course they're not seeing too many because American TV is making very very sure That we see a minimal if no of not that footage. You wonder what they think No, seriously. What is their rationale when they see that? Well, that's the collateral damage That's the price of freedom. I'm sorry to excuse me That's the price of freedom That we decided to impose God, it's just sickening. It's nauseating the butchering that we've committed And again, you know, peace together things that pieces of a puzzle out of nothing to do with each other just jammed together Just jam that so square peg of the round hole Like he says, yeah, oh 9 11 we can't forget that we don't forget 9 11 What the hell is that have to do with what we just got through well more in the business of doing right now? What is one happy to do with the other? Absolutely nothing. Zero They're all there they're all Muslims they're all from over there Oh, for God. Smot the heads right here's North Miami. Hello. Hey, New How are you doing? Okay? I was with them through the channels the other day and Deniz Haftard the speaker of the house. Have you seen lately? Yeah, I've seen him lately. Yeah, he thankfully not Deesh you he makes tip o'Neal look like Do we harm it? Yeah, but he had a yellow ribbon on his lapel that was so huge I mean he doesn't support the truth. He really really supports the truth Yeah, he's a lot more patriotic than the rest of all right. He's so huge He just he just he just looked ridiculous, but What's what's new about that? Yeah, well, I it's just I don't know the flag waving and the ribbons and it's just a bunch of symbolism Mindless idiots man. That's what you dealing with the masses are mindless idiots Well, I'm an adult college student in North Miami and some of these kids I swear to God. I mean, they're we look what we did look if we did and bag that look at we But none of them of course are in the military. They're all in college But they're just So brainwashed and I just I'm throwing my hands up in there I'm I'm practically given up between the establishment the media and the government It's just it's too much sometimes just stick with the funny papers. May you be a lot happier. Yeah I got a request Neal yes sir. Um, you still have that bit What either I hate the bird or Ambo or what's the other one? Ambo and remember ambit hipped and bo yep. Yeah, Rambo Ambo. You got a mine. All right. Thanks a lot See a good luck to you pal. You'll need it good luck to you Don't let this affect your mind. Okay. Just keep pound right straight forward. Okay. Like what blinders on just keep pounds right ahead Let all the siblings are still in their juices you don't sin. No, what do you say? screw them 1026 at five 60 WQAM happy Monday from all your good piezons of QAM where we have big balls Donna and you two Eddie Jones you silly old pussy man and old rickled up man who turns out to be a pussy Yeah, pussy pussy. Yeah pussy. Eddie Jones who lives in the same complex by the way as you're good close personal friend Yeah, I'm talking about the rim now Anyway, let me tell you speak to the rim man. Look at us the pizza law spot is next. That's just a coincidence Now the rim man needs third of very reduced price and you but you know the prices are so cheap there You'd have to be real cheap dance for discounted a place like that. You know it because Jeff has kept the prices low through all of these years The food is delicious. It's all cooked fresh to water and it prices are so tiny and you can bring the whole gang in over and over again Every Monday like tonight is lasagna night at both lawful locations Tuesdays eggplant night By what these dinners on these days and get the second one for only five bucks Who would want to discount on a price like that except the cheapest of the cheap cheap cheap Everyone they kids eat food with the same seed-death thing as magician every Thursday is bike night at the loft come on a motorcycle By one dinner get the second month for half price They got all kinds of combination that is if you're in a reading there before so you can figure out what you like the best a little bit of this a lot of that They got chicken and veal seafood three different kinds of great pizza Calzone super sums another it's Passover like I said four different kinds of great pizza because they got that motsa pizza and Motsa lasagna just in time for peace off is George would say Two locations in Davy, there are a University drive between Griffin 595 call nine five four nine one six for take up or delivery for K-dwayas Low is five bucks per person, but what kind of a skin-thold one to discount off of that nine five four nine one six 88 80 or the new locate that I see what I was just and in and the new location is in plantation Right out there by Walgreens right behind Walgreens on a corner Navhil and summarized with the same great food and same great low prices nine five four three eight two ninety ninety nine three eight two ninety nine for the world famous pizza loft now with two outstanding Broward location Two a m Gang rape is funny if you missed the Neil Rogers show yesterday on 16 Wild you missed this as The bird yeah, bird how you doing okay Listen to me if they were play anything because I can't stay listening to you You start like a douchebag Do I want to me if they were play anything? Well, can I ask you a question before you go? Oh god, you sound so stupid. I hate to talk to you. Yeah Why did you call me? I didn't call you Oh Well then why are you listening? Why won't you answer my You won't see he won't talk to me. Oh, we got a car here. Hello 1032 at five 60 WKM. Oh, we got a car here We don't even have a car here on his phone They don't want to talk to the bird. I'll be in sin too much these days They sure don't want to talk to me. I'll take to that look at that phone What up what are chopping the kneecaps that is you know what are what I a smack right in the old rectum from this audience Feeling great sunny shining subute a full day the birds are chirping everything's looking up for smelling roses The stop of Iraq is now largely under pretty control and maybe more more could you why oh Done here's a fact is five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon's a marvelous line This this man this is pathetic. This is sad and by the way, I'm still waiting for one of you flag waivers out there One of you pro war supporters who thinks we've just been a wonderful job of liberating the oppressed peoples of Iraq I want to hear what your fiends are about all these evo-chured people huh? They're aren't any Oh, that's her we just made that up Facts as I just returned from Spain this weekend this Spania and American friend of mine that works on the US air base there. She told me that some of the brands there Feel that they'd better find some weapons a man's destruction or we're looking even worse in the eyes of the world I mean, we already do if that's possible or response if we don't find any we will plant some what we've been saying it a long time Also, the word the media all over Spain is the hell of a Europe is that Syria is next sooner rather than later sooner and just just as I was reading this facts The crawler on the news on the BDNCBC was Colin Paul says the US is very concerned about Syria's chemical weapons The anxious colon Paul who used to be mr. Dov and who now for whatever reason has been Made it you know transformed into a super hawk it was like that scene in the godfather where he came into the courtroom with the Pentangeles brothers. Yeah, they made him an offering couldn't refuse Together we are storing many key services Most public health clinics are operational and you watch those dead people come back to life You as soon as they turn all the good stuff back on a water and the electric and stuff you watch You'll see here's Davy hello And you know I were you today. Okay, sir. I'll tell you something really surprising about this war I haven't seen anything by American with the anti French and anti German and anti everybody and on and on You know you would think if you really want to support your troops you buy something American until when they came home They'd actually have a job. Yeah Have you been like a Volvo have you seen anything here at all relating to any of that? No, Walmart used to have a giant fire American, but then they got busted for selling white High-wands stuff Chinese Chinese So you would think that if people really want to support the country really want to support the troops instead of buying little yellow ribbon Now I think if people really want to support their country they'd register to vote make sure we don't have another four years of this and make sure that the world keeps spinning around for a while short, yeah, thanks. Have a great day 567. Oh, this this is our last call. This is seriously this to me. I have said this a thousand times before, but it never ever fails to us. It's never stops Is a shocker Here's our last call for Lauderdale. Hello. Hey Yes, it is. You're not came to many calls though. They're all watching these CNN news. No, they're not Okay You're not doing it. It's not going to a sight and going on right now. You know, no statues falling down You would have been found in a like nerve gas lately or no nuclear weapons now Because it would be nice if they could find like Half of one they found a couple of pes dispenses, but that was about it Because I got I work for a big toy dealership. There's people in the way and we're watching They get the war on there 24 people are like rated to bash their heads against the wall Yeah, there's been a waiting for an hour for an oil change And they're watching in the little it's brutal the least I could do is put Jerry Springer on something anything You know even the the comic channel. Yeah. Well have a great day and back to you. Okay, obviously we're done with a call pretty much There are a couple of them flashing there, but it's pretty obvious to me that they're gonna be too much going on today Well, let's pace off coming up and it's a good Friday and Franklin Graham so that it'll question eyes all those turbine heads and the world's gonna be great But based fully represented Iraqi intern authority. Here's a great fastest is do you remember the PBS frontline show on the FBI's I'll cut investigator John O'Neill in the man who knew I sure do Remember that the ambassador to Yemen Barbara Bodeen toward it is investigation in the ladden's group that had hit the USS Cole I sure do Vingo mission accomplished. She gets a position in the Iraqi transitional government. Let's hear it for Barbara Oh, they had the jeans woulsy on the news last night former CIA guy. Oh, yeah, scary scary scary The one that says we're in WWE four right now and That Egypt and Saudi Arabia are quaking in their boots and they should be scared and you know They better watch it. They're gonna be next. I mean the the government's been taken over by a bunch of crazy people and the public sitting back there wants it all time American idols on what time is it on by the one Toto She helped toward the O'Neill investigation in the 9-11 Al Qaeda terrorists that could have prevented 9-11 Now she gets a job in Iraq after the Bush junta did their best to falsely connect Iraq to 9-11 Use smell vermin Absolutely correct. I smell crap man's arc. I can't say that smell vermin The veteran foreign service officer Barbara Bodeen's appointment is a key player in Iraq transitional government is angered Defense Department officials in federal law enforcement authorities who believe that is U.S. Ambassador to Yemen She blocked an FBI investigation into the 2000 bombing of the USS Cole. This is from the highly conservative Washington Times by the way Pentagon steended Bush's choice for post-war Iraq Working through a number of channels including the Pentagon the justice department and the Senate Several high-ranking federal authorities are calling on President Bush to rescind the appointment Ms. Bodeen a diplomat in residence at the University of California Santa Barbara was named last month by Mr. Bush as director of relief and reconstruction for central Iraq based in Baghdad She served in Baghdad during Sodam's regime later in Kuwait and then in Yemen where she was ambassador from 97 to 2001 After the October 12th 2000 suicide bombing of the Cole which killed 17 US sailors injured 35 others She served as chief negotiator between the US and Yemeni governments The state department has successfully imposed Barbara Bodeen on the defense department team dealing with post-Sautam Hussein Iraq said one former high-ranking Senate official posted the Pentagon She is to be the mayor of Baghdad in essence the defense department is livid But there seems to be nothing they can do a Pentagon official who asked not to be identified said Ms. Bodeen dismissed warnings of terror attacks in Yemen against U.S. ships And allowed the Cole to enter port at a reduced security level because she felt the value of showing US presence in Yemen overweight the risks But she's never said she was sorry that she made a mistake said the official FBI executives and agents familiar with the Cole probes at Miss Bodeen and Ambassador in Yemen Prevented the Bureau from advancing its investigation into bombing at a time when agents were beginning to focus on Saudi millionaire Osama bin Laden The Bureau's top terrorist hunter John O'Neill head of the Cole probed was laying the groundwork for a conspiracy case Against Delcott a more than year before the 911 attacks He had been sent by FBI director Louis Freeti, Yemen with a force of a hundred agents lab experts in forensic specialists, but FBI officials said the Cole investigation was timing by Miss Bodeen and that she made little effort to encourage Yemeni authorities to cooperate Despite a number of death threats against agents by Islamic terrorists She refused to allow investigators to carry the weapons Mr. O'Neill considered necessary for the protection And it goes on, it's just it's just nauseating and a public is Let's form a human chain and let's march from Wellington to the day county and show how much we support the commander in thief and our troops and how patriotic we are and ours is bigger than yours in our flag too Yadi, yadi, yadi Man The stench of stupidity is is just reaking Through the streets can you smell it? Let's see to that or most piece are both That stench Calant Money to 11 it is a challenge just to keep breathing 24 level of a clock in 560 WCM day lifetime I have to tell you place that'll help you lose us some weight. You like to waste book. I can help you slim down because there are entire stories for you fat folks Not chubby not plazingly flump but fat. It's unhealthy. It looks grotesque In the lights you'll find over 700 low carb sugar free products whether it's the number one atkins die get better doctor Bob please or any low carb sugar free die. Delights a West book is your low carb super store Come in and sample some of their newest bakery products like chocolate What is it chocolate cupcakes and brownies back in true car for your brownie hounds with only one effect of gram of carbs per serving and they are Deetalicious don't forget to like incredible selection of all kinds of good stuff low carb pasta's Sources, Dressings, Cheesecakes, chocolates and their famous soft serve carbolite ice cream Next we think about tiny every time I see that soft serve don't forget to like the West book All I can brands product are 25% off today on pace. I'm good Friday on the air all day every day Stop I talked to their staff. They know the atkins and all the low carb diets inside and out. They're open every day 10 till 10 you'll find the lights on the northeast corner of glaze in 441 right next to Boston market and prestigious Voka We're all the young people live call them at 1 877 low carb or shop them on the web if you're like a low carb.com Don't forget a great stir for all you fat folks. It's the lights of West Boca your official atkins retail center Rong We all then do, lines to cool It was our doom As the bombs drop from the stars come far away Maybe we should obtain attention a little bit more To the fats we just need no We price the gaff is too close And I'm afraid that the lawn won't be far We'll need again With a hole that I've been Civil rights will be restored once on a day We'll need again If we don't want a death We count the most what tells us that death does all this way We're the peace again With a hole that I've been Civil rights will be restored once on a day That's when we did lucky 1046, 560 W.M. happy Monday to I tell you one thing We should have had any open lines last week Did Screamus phones rang off their call week Round-terlons? Yeah, I told you it was because of George Yeah, he was right He did say that as a matter of fact So they hate you The girls came in here and he said that it was a conspiracy And both their parts Yeah, I believe it I believe it Yeah Well look while the cats are waiting Guys, I don't know anything I mean I would have stayed here I can't afford to lose it Let me say this Are you going to line like a little bit about 300 bucks long? What's 300 bucks? I mean it's only two weeks pay for it So what's the problem? Nothing I mean you could always have Crystal Cell at one kid How much? You know before you get to You know how to already have it I'm already attached She's cute What about the little one? 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6 Well Sabrina did vote for your riggy Yeah, no, no, certainly a certain thing about something I think about Sabrina I'm not sure she's in school I hope her is she in school No, it's a day off, she might be listening Is it a day off today? It's like a big occasion Spring break The whole week Spring break Oh my, oh that's right That's the pass of light Did you use an igoy? I was play that game Oh, it's spring break So we don't have to have special days Offer the different holidays Depending on what furry tails you believe in So let everybody Do you use an igoy? I'm having it off Sacrifice the animal of your choice All you heathens up there You even have it off too Because you're going to run in hell anyway 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 On a AT&T And Verizon wireless line I think we like to put a big Stake in the yard there Right by board the old people Not that kind of a stake I'm talking about like a stake in the ground I was gonna say a cross But I don't want to say I was a pure court sitting there Don't do it Don't do it Don't burn it And like tie fat boy to it Alright And look, people come by and throw eggs into May this course he'd probably be looking at off of his shirt off his lapel But and just time there until he loses a weight Save his life You know, I have like a long straw So I can sip a little bit of water Just enough to stay alive I think that's a great idea Hey fat boy Everybody hates you like poison You're a pain in the ass, paly Miami, hello Hi, New Yes sir I got one point to me Okay But a year ago we had to stem So thing going on with bush No one wanted to do it because You know they want to keep the life alive Right Now when the war is going on I haven't heard one person mention Oty's soldiers will skew chairs and wives and kids And they're going to have no one brought this up Yeah, well, that's because they only care about that Nebula's so unborn life Once I've always said that once you rely You're on your own man They don't care about you They're a new thing But they will pray for them Now pray for your souls Okay, after we stick in the ground Oh, he's in a better place I was thinking about that yesterday And the care bright I don't know what maybe you think about that The stupid things that people dig Retoedously stupid things that people are conditioned to saying Somebody dies Oh, he's in a better place now Yeah I know what it was It was the services they were having for some of the Somebody dead soldiers Mm-hmm Oh, he's in a window He's not in a better place He's in a box and a ground rotting He missed out on the overwhelming majority of his life He missed all the opportunities he had to enjoy life I'm trying to ration lies I'm trying to make an excuse He's in a better place Here then all the time It's just a stupid idiotic thing Or he's up there looking down on us now That's another one of my favorites He's up there looking down on us now He's not He's in a ground in a box rotting No, he's in that great film the blank in the sky And a great ballpark in the sky And we happily thought to use that too The sports people Oh, he has one of their faith course in the sky Right Right You know, I'd like to see a golf course in a sky Not on a ground just in the sky Maybe that's why we have hallows big hills terms, you know? Yeah, when it hails the size of golf balls Maybe they're not the few, I don't know Of course if they do drop, murmur can pick him up and you know, sell him If he said he's doing a hell of a business by the way Stomach golf balls He's every night two in a morning He swims across the little lake Put sun is a little bathing suit Swim across the lake and he's got a fish net Grab the ball balls he can Worsh is them off at least And he's got that sun on the front lawn Any Jones is still parked off about a bite away Rumors balls I guess any Jones is just afraid of balls, you know Five six seven, that's what Mad Dog said Five six seven, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T And Verizon wireless line In fact, I mentioned any Jones said this, so Mad Dog and ear For us they he ran, he ran right down a con course So see ya, be good, that was the end of that Here's Miami, hello Hello, yes sir Hello, I'm on It sounds just like you Okay, good morning I have a question One of the things I remember I, in the start of the stir of me, I didn't know why until I thought about it Later then heard someone else comment about it Was that a flag when being put over the face of the dom when they put it flagged I mean, right That's your down And I thought well they did that once before and they said no we aren't there And they did that in Bazaar right Right, and then it happened again And so I wondered why but then I realized There's something disturbing about this particular Realize the flag was upside down The the stars are supposed to be up top If it's under the bottom That means there's a dire distress So I wondered why there was no comment on anything Said about that because it seemed awfully odd They didn't care which direction it was and they just they were just panicking because they realized that it looked like we were occupying and taking over as opposed to like putting the Iraqi flag back on there and it was in very poor taste Over there with the time it's the time for like about 10 seconds it look kind of cute Okay, was just I just thought of there was our Well, it should be our worst problem Have a great day Thank you, you too See that's an old expression I've heard a million times that should be our worst problem and right that fits right there Speaking of people's shrub and stars and stripes and so a lot of people are very concerned about that fairer of faucet who's one of the real real super patriot flag waving celebrities Wouldn't it which I'd like to point out by the way those people are okay Right, so you understand this sure what I want you to get this right the people who support the administration the people are on the right the people who are hawkish They surely jones is and a fairer faucet and and a brand pits of the world those are the good people So they can speak out as much as they want as long as they go step along fairer faucet in the tabloids Which I should have brought him I left him on a plane. I thought who the whole needs tabloids with everything else going on Maybe we'll have to make tabloids who's didn't know to win people away from all this war talk But anyway, she's shown wearing this flowing gown and the stars and stripes the flag is the whole back of her gown And it's like she's dragging it on the floor. That's a violation of flag protocol and it got like about seven billion letters In the whatever table and it was just ripping her in ass. I've got the handbook in there the flag for like slumping the flag on there on the floor But you see she's so much more patriotic than most of the rest of us especially us. Well, I mean, what what is that? Look at like a pissing contest, which ones more patriotic than the other one minds a lot bigger in yours is yeah, look at that. I'm waving it. I'm stretching it. I'm yanking it. But it's not that that's a double standard. You understand right pro war people right wing people good celebrities and otherwise Left wing people anti war people people in the middle people like arms from a butchery bad. Okay. Let them dummy up Michael more Susan Surandon all of those people Tim Robbins Martin Sheen shut your york's son. It's Sean Penn. Oh, definitely put him in a pen put him back into pokey But like I said last week we taught the Iraqis the hokey pokey wing would be proud wouldn't be surprised if Wayne opens up a few blockbusters get back in a company again. Yeah To be a blockbuster underbeater a bat this church kitty corner across a man a bar Plus that and then a Mac Domals and right next to a burp key in a Wendy's Boy, two bad Dave Thomas bit the big one before we could be around the see this Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line maybe maybe The they got a call before about the people in the What was in the auto shop? Can the world change or whatever I think he's right Anything but the war maybe we should just give it a rest you AB W Here's a call from Miami. Hello Miami, yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Very good. I got a Legally budget for you. I'm a first time listening I've just I'm gonna use show for like the past two weeks right? I'm not a distinct you have very negative guy. Where is it? I got all your bag on me. I'm just I'm just curious negative about what I I start I started out to show this morning talking about what a beautiful day it is about the weather is so great here in Toronto and about Is that negative? Miami does suck That's not my opinion. I mean, that's a fact you better look it up Light enough how many shades? A couple okay, I work on it. Good lost. Yeah, you're so negative Neil. Why can't you be more positive about the glorious liberation of the Iraqi people and All those beautiful pictures of those bloody butchered troops and babies and innocent men women and children? Nah, I'm gonna be a speed all prick the way I always have and okay, I like it this way. I want to be Mr. Negative How's the pull coming which of these things will you remember most about here's a guy that Lesson two weeks he's calling me giving me instructions not only on the show but on life. Don't be so negative Which of these things will you remember the most about this Iraqi attack the biased reporting cheerleading by the media 101 first place out of 341 votes The Iraqi information ministers daily comedy 68 The great job by our military 54 the thousands of dead and wounded people 46 Got that in mind only 46 13 percent okay pretty sad tearing down the statues of Sodom 41 the looting in chaos 16 the rescue of the POWs 10 and the Sodoms The doubles doing photo ops only five Small potatoes 10 57 if you drop some small potatoes already other kind of mashed Taters on a carpet or whatever else you schmutz in there it looks pretty bad and smells bad no matter how much you vacuum All of that stuff grinds down into the fibers you're carpeting making them look in smell nasty You want your carpets looking smelling and feeling just like brand new and if you want your carpets to be a real Mahaia as they say in hungry just call my good friends you drive concepts because they'll come to your home Exactly on time on a sub the appointment They'll roll up their sleeves and they will dry clean your carpets nobody else in the world does this It's an exclusive patent that method when they finished the important part is your carpets look and smell on our just like brand new And they give you a written guarantee price before they start to job You don't have to walk around pace in the floor wondering how much you're gonna get ripped off when they finish They also do is to punish job a clean your upholstery and your leather furniture your expensive area and Oriental runs If you have problems with pet orders, military orders caused by water damage They'll do the same magic on those as they do on your carpeting believe me. It's a miracle right on your flow I've been using dry concepts for over 21 years now and I guarantee of this I'll bet George and Carlos's life on it. You call him once and use him once you'll never even dream call anybody else again Because they happen to be the best in the world Call dry concepts tool free 1-800-248-5071 and in no time at all your carpets will look brand new and smell Lemony fresh and don't forget they dry and just take a little bit of hours to you ready to rock and roll call tool free 1-800-248-5071 or log under their website Dryconcepts.com and it's a true isn't when you call dry concepts you can clean today and entertain tonight Howard David's a bitch their songs provided the soundtrack for all whole generation and now they're finding a whole new audience with a CD That doesn't sound a whole lot like anything they've ever done before It's the best of cross-beast stills and cash Shones you know we're riding On the America's experience they job all over again when cross-beast stills and cash Unbale a whole different take on this classic too All houses are very very very blunt With two cats in the yard It's a CD jam packed with all the songs you'll want to teach your children like I am yours You are mine Hello, I'm Johnny Cash because we stills and cash You know we use this thing like a couple of boys named Sue But now the cash registers ringing because worse than getting a whole new register You are what you are That you may get hard the best of cross-beast stills and cash walk the line straight to your local record store and pick up a copy today Oh, 1102 at five 60 WQM. I'm so damn negative. You know, would you keep reminding me of that place? Okay Negative I'm waiting negative Nelly okay Reuters half-gant official says Pakistan backing the Taliban. Oh not again Can the hard Afghanistan and Afghan official accused Pakistan today of backing the reemergence of the fundamentalist Taliban militia and of involvement in the murder of two relatives of a provincial governor A cousin another relative of condahir governor Google agashers. I were killed by suspected Taliban militants in the Pakistani border town of Shaman on Sunday While it's not what Michael Zasht I was saying shaman While his brother Sharif Sharza was also injured. It's quit be it's so negative. Sorry Pakistan's hand is behind the event governor Sharza is spoke to him Khalid Pashdoun told rotors who The Taliban carried out the attack but it happened in areas under control of Pakistan and we have in the past passed on of them are complaints about this support for the Taliban without the support of Pakistan the Taliban would have been able to do what he said and he is probably The attack carried out by two people on motorcycles came in after the governor's son as thief was beaten up in Shaman by several people Including Pakistan army officials posh Dune said You said the shooting was carried out by members of the ousted Taliban regime which Pakistan in fact Until then I love it attacks on the US to tell them as we know well we know that I'll speak at 9-11 Yeah, didn't we talk about those people didn't do anything to deserve their fate and they just happen to be in a wrong place at the wrong time Both in the world trade center in the Pentagon right? You see the similarities and I'm talking about the military but I'm talking about the civilians the thousands of casualties in a rack about those people Have it to be in the place. Oh, they still really died those at the wrong time. Oh, that's right the ones here really died And once over there was just a propaganda on the cv right And I'll bring see it all the same by you know Is that a angle making it look like a whole but right oh? No, I must have had a brain fart during the break I was flipping over to check a couple of things up Which did down in an ass-dack or up they liked them dead bodies and And I actually took over to see an end for a second. Oh, I want to say again wolf blitz Creek is the biggest right wing Succo I'm it just unbelievable What an administration lackey he's become all with a name like that how will fade into what significance That report by Ben Brown of the C BBC the baby's here right under was that you as senior Community briefing this morning in Doha He joins us now so Follow some reporters wanted to know if the fall of to create means the war is over what our coalition commander saying about that Did you see one of the first way the first Way they described to create today was the site of the only significant military operation in the last 24 hours in Iraq So think about that the whole country and that's the only place major military action has been going on the last 24 hours That says every Spanish everywhere else side for the mopping up So the question if the creep is falling or has it may have already fallen? Does that mean the war is over? It's exactly the question we put to briefers at the briefing at central command and We put it to Brigadier General Vince Brooks here's some of what he had to say much question We know that there are still some places where we have not accounted for all military activity There are also places inside the country with not physically gone to yet and that has to well that must be where the weapons of Distress and right when you think of course Here's your call from candle hello Yeah, yes, sir. I know this your negativity. I should say right Hey listen It's only just coming out, but the I think the largest crime even worse than the killing and death of all the civilians Is the crime on both sides where they the citizens and all we're allowed to loot both the Library and Museum and of antiquities This we and completely destroy everything of Zion worth demand call. Well, I think that the lives of the people who died and were booted up But I worked more than the end of the things you'd be artifacts you talked about, but That's got to be a close second billions of dollars worth of irreplaceable artifacts. Some as old as seven thousand years old Exactly, exactly, and not you know, I'll go into there You know, why is it more important? But it is the fault of both sides first all the people should realize the worth of what it was of mighter stand do they're kind of the Franks and his guys and coming down from worst they never made any plans to sit there and Protect the thing, but they made sure they were protecting the oil minute, but you do understand that there's no oil in the Iraqi Museum Right exactly, but that's what I say and they were protecting the oil. They'll reason up my whole up to it You know, you know, they had their priorities Obviously, you know, so But it is a try I mean, how difficult would it have been to take a few thousand military police and put them in there? One once we had to place clean out and put them in there arm military police Put them on every street corner just like you see in even today in many of the cities in Europe and Could have avoided all this insanity, no preparation ain't they knew a month ahead that they were gonna do this? This was not a great shock. This was played a long time ago. We know rumseled, you know, you know It's a boys will be boys there. Yeah, a little untidy in a shaft of the world I keep thinking that they were untidy and if you think of all those bodies strewn around and one last thing Bob our net are not An MSMB right we used to be Dr. Bob right yeah I got to hand it to him for Reporting as far as describing what happened He's been up there with Hemingway as trying as far as trying to bring the historical Sentence into and all that but he lost his own Objectivity so early into that reporting that it's like you just watching me just like okay I'm listening to the you know the Fall of Paris now not listening to oh yeah Well he was embedded don't forget and he admitted very early on that he developed this great empathy with the troops there and the he was just a shield True true, but Again though on the level that how we did before is quite good, but you know, he just lost it after well Well, you know he was gonna do a good job. Have a great day. Take care of them. See you You're so negative now. What's that noise? I hear out in the hallway. You think are coming to give me? Uh-oh I'll let you know is it drilling 5 6 7 0 5. Yeah, the found oil Pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Paris and wireless line the governing party continues while the Liberals are banking on voters wanting on that's that co-bex stuff. We don't want here about that no fraud stuff No fraud stuff on his show and don't be eating no freedom fries Don't be giving no freedom kids and don't be doing any of that stuff We had some freedom toast for being able to be any of them freedom pastries either or that freedom toast I do like freedom toast. Oh, a lot here's Kendall. Hello Hey, me. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just wanted to call him save this stuff on the war's great I don't think you're you're negative. I think you're being objective as possible I mean you're providing common sense which I don't think the rest of the media is doing Well, I hear it and I try to get simple answers to simple questions from the people of disagree And yet I don't hear from any of you ever hear from him for they want to take some kind of a verbal shot at me But in terms of answering the questions they seem incapable of doing it. Yeah I agree with you. But I mean are on more lighthearted stuff. I just had to comment on mo I want to tell you Michael wars new movie is gonna be low and me. You're gonna write about that I mean this is unbelievable You got to pop them all you know three clean from dry concepts to clean up data to pay you They might do a good job on it They might suck since I don't okay pal. I work on it. Have a great day that mode. He's an asshole Well, we know that Yeah, I'm missing already and I missed that bonding. I missed the waves through the window at me in the morning when I come in All of these things Him opening up the door and saying you can't put fake air on our real hair on our fake head Huh, yeah, right the first time you can't put real hair on our fake hair on a real head Oh, he's trying He sure is touch you about that do a his yeah, I had no idea Huchie you know if I had known way back then when you get to be in that the age category when you get to be near mid to late 70s and you're worried about how your hair looks And he's still worried about my pants and about my shirt You know like I'm coming in there to be a fashion the first thing you said when I came back. Hey go up those check-in pants I can believe You know, let me worry about my pants and you were about yours your pantalones. Okay Your lime green pants and your vera close veins. You silly old man you see there He got me started again on a mommysher that close personal friend how it don't be so negative Yeah, and there I'm being negative again. You're right You're absolutely right. I apologize profusely. Don't I? Oh no screw it and screw them out too mode a hate you man. They don't like you at all. They can't stand you Mad dog had a real interesting comment at the airport yet I'm not gonna repeat it. I wouldn't do that would be bad I like the mad dog a lot. He's a great guy. I wouldn't do that, but it was interesting I'll tell you before the show tomorrow. All right, and maybe I'm gonna show to that and all depends on which way the wind's blowing Because take your finger out the window. No, actually, let me take a look because I want to be positive even though I am in Toronto I don't want to either SARS coming through my window here I do have the window crack open pretty good gonna be 70 here today For a little even kiss you missed it little leave is dead. We're so sorry little even boyed. Oh What am I looking for on this thing? OS 8 Which is what 46 it's 46 right now. I'm gonna be up to 70 today And 79 tomorrow holy crap. Yeah, brought to one more there with me I'm a respect them when the show is over to open up my door and see dozens and dozens of wonderful people out there ready to thank me lined up to kiss my ring See there's that eagle again Big bad eagle is very negative a bad guy. I admit it. I'm a bad fat guy Not as bad as Jeff high and I never would lie. I like a Pokemon the eye anyway He's he's a nice pie. Yeah, these people that are called about how negative you try working a QAM for He's okay. Let's see how negative you'd be you'd be running right you I've had your one thing A lot of these guys that give us crap about how negative we are they gotta be going out of the pawn shops and buy some used revolvers They'd be they'd be over there, you know Shoot and target practice after stealing of course only because we don't advocate violence, but they'd be pretty fired up and pissed off You know it Working with a bunch of arrogant butt plugs like we got in that place Stop it's me fired up when I hear someone say that amen 11 13 at 560 WM your negative station for the new millennium I'll tell you about something positive. Only a man. I'm popping it my push don't I sound great? So I'm just fine I sound just like me Anyway, it's good stuff. I'm taking it for my blood pressure and my blood pressure is sensational You know I got up this morning before you even take my tip my pills my blood pressure was 128 over 68 Okay, pretty firm about right you know I'm not even talking to you okay, then we got three digits one got to yeah Once got a pair all your mad soft shells which you just pop in your pussy every day they contain Pharmaceutical grade olive oil the best money can buy not just plain ordinary pedestrian olive oil Which is you know it's okay, but super concentrated olive oil loaded with health benefits Pop and some olive it and you'll push every day cannot produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol plus There are now our 14 different olement formulas from which show you can choose for you to be chosen from each one Combining the finest olive oil you'll be finding anywhere with the vitamins minerals and herbs to support specific health needs from your bones Your blood pressure to your immune system you just pick out the formulas that are right for you And now there are three new olement formulas one to help you sleep one to help you control that weight And cook you 10 for your heart, which is really great. You'll be a lot more positive when you take oleumid in fact That's why I'm in such a good mood right now. I'm popping it Oh, that's the lord even loves the oradris God mail Steve it says Just reply back your welcome This man has a problem. He is an email reply added you've got mail Another reply from Steve appreciate You Send and he is not alone each day thousands of people don't know when to start you've got mail Steve again says okay Take care But thankfully there's help at reply a hollocks anonymous you've got mail another reply stop replying No problem Send reply a hollocks anonymous can help you learn when to say when you've got mail Another one you need professional help I should Exponation point send contact your local chapter of reply a hollocks anonymous today won't you? I will glad to hear it You bet terrific. Well, you don't keep okay, then great. Stop it. I hear you seriously stop replying Okay Nothing worse than being the last what are we planning email right Lynn? Yeah, she had in fact Lin just the Lin send me this email me. She's going to Vegas for a few days She's gonna miss the show tomorrow Wednesday and Thursday. I don't think that's acceptable is it? No So I email her right back and I said anyone is over minion I get half And the great part of it is she's the only person I do email with Right, so I don't have to worry about all of this stuff This is very depressing. It was I don't want to be negative again, so you're one of those people emotional cripples I can't handle it truth turn your radio away down load don't change it out because we don't want you to do that But turn it down like low put your finger in your rear air Are you us well? This is from yesterday's observer newspaper? You notice the newspapers the print media Have been so much more on it as opposed to the electronic media? Oh, it's just embarrassing. That's why some of us have to keep watching a CBC through which Credible and legitimate local leaders see there you go Are US military contractor accused of human rights violations is one a multimillion dollar contract to police post-satum Iraq the observer can reveal Dine corp which is donated more than $150,000 to the Republican Party began recruiting for a private police force in Iraq last week on behalf of the West State Department I'll be dang The wording of such a sensitive contract that I'm corpus caused Consternation and constipation some circles over the company's policing record a British employment Tribunal recently forced I'm corp to pay $175,000 compensation to a UN police officer It unfairly sacked in Bosnia for whistleblowing on Dine corp colleagues involved in an analytical sex ring An observer a reporter who contacted the firm's US headquarters Propring to be a potential police recruit for Iraq was told I was hoping to get people on the ground in two to four weeks Recruited totally before to make a respect to seller of $80,000 plus hazard bonuses It was offered a contract in between three months and a year and told he didn't need to be able to speak Arabic He ended via US citizen of with service a police officer in America and when the reporter said he'd work in Texas for a number of years He was totally sounded ideal Despite dying corp's demands for US citizens only it's offering the private contracts to its British office and alders shot alders shots Former labor defense minister Peter Kulfuel said last night I find a difficult to believe that at time when bringing law Norodon to Iraq needs to be handled with delicacy and sensitivity A private American firm like Dine corp is entrusted with a job and there we go again It's not just this prison and his buddies and all of their big business buddies. It's that's not a part of what to talk about That's all of what it's all about that's what it's a boot Jesus Christ well, well, what do we have to do put up billboards? Do we have to put it on TV 24 hours a day to get to sink into the Stupid masses out there come to drop again the work right it's still won't get the job done. It doesn't penetrate You've heard of abs of steel. We've got minds of steel. You can't penetrate a man Robin Pumbattabee to what the answer is welcome back to or see there's one yeah That's a guy's glad to have you back and not to you shame to admit it Wow He says here's my two cent All you ask all's using the terms patriot and patriotism in the wrong context. Here's the actual definition The term nationalist is what you really mean to say According to Webster's new universal unabirds dictionary deluxe second edition The two definition of a patriot is first a person who loves and loiterly supports his own country Second devoted to the welfare of one's country Here's the definition of nationalist one excessive narrow or jingoist patriotism and two The doctrine that national and press security, it's that are more important than international considerations Here's the definition of jingoist a person who boasted of his patriotism and favors an aggressive threatening war like foreign policy. Oh, son from media Yeah Thanks a lot, Rob and George thanks you to because he feels very unloved by the audience It just doesn't turn up to send him their very best they hate him like poison and they want to know it Oh, you know we took up that pull one day about what makes them turn the now real fast And right there along with you was Religion in fact in religion come out first peanut boy Orte tied No, it came out after see what a law firm. I won't work. They tied Talk about writing the fence you can be honest now you ripped George and asked why on he was gone all week last week and so did I at least I had met it But anyway don't you find that bizarre because religion? I used to think they enjoyed that we've taken polls about that before but they can't handle it In spite of the fact that religion is like about 50% maybe a little less than that for a cent when you say Yeah, of what's going this is all about But they don't want to hear from that they don't want to say crippled at this point. They don't want to hear us Shatter their furry tales All that anti god talking that anti jesus talking that anti Jew and Graham and the schmatter had talked well, it's just reality. I realized a lot of you You know, he just emotional cripples a little to little children in adult bodies Some people does never grow up mentally emotionally physically whatever Look at being a boy Oh That's poor nutrition on his part that yeah, I want you know if he would stop eating now We if he'd start eating chocolate it would be good and let's put a few pounds on How can you say that? He said feed it to the fed i een is what I think he was saying let him gag on it 567.0560 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon or wireless 192 and a half today by the way start marketing in my weight every day make a new list you know the woman the beast all right I'm serious For the 400 time in your city serious about losing away you'll see now that I'm here. I feel great I'm gonna lose that right what was that waiting a 192.5 I got a digital scale so I can even you with I'm not that around it back 192 that's it I'll give me exactly what it is And we'll see what progress I make well. I'm here for a couple of months Here's a lady in candle hello Hello to me, oh yes, man you don't know how happy I am to pick with you I add my or you so much You I mean I can I can't have it believe it but I because the things I can't believe it either Because I thought I was a real negative guy and I think you are you are you have it you know I do have it you have it Because I'm just looking to read now I'm worried about you know That's why I'm for a way now Yeah, well as long as I'm here at Toronto I can still speak, eh? Oh my god, yeah, yeah, yeah, this is because I'm in America Napsi country You're right and we are the terrorists Who is not one the invader or the invader is right. That's the one we are the invader You know, we want to invade sail and we want to be with it. Looks is this cross side exactly and then we are like the romance We finished here. We go there. We go there. We go there. We grab them all. Oh, you choose wherever And then we make up first stories about weapons and mans destruction. That's always a good excuse. Oh, I tell you I am Well, I'm so happy that after all you your blood pressure is so good You are doing good since the whole thing started my blood pressure is being asked Now state stay calm stay calm turn on the funny pages. That'll let them make you feel better But I I do what I do as my or you so much Thanks, we don't you are a real you really have it more I love to you and thank you. Have a great day. Thank you so much Thanks for the look job. I've got to go change my clothing now All right, she likes me, okay? It's our latest offer two teams for five dollars 5 6 7. Oh That was no bus listen to that By the way, we are gonna be doing a live spot in the next hour for enormous house of boys 5 6 7.05 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line Somebody must be listening out today. We got 422 votes in about an hour on a poll is that an hour? I mean two hours Which of these things will you remember most about this or market that we had over 1900 votes on a poll over the weekend. That's because Carlos worked on it and There I mean The biased reporting cheerleading by our media is winning hands down 122 29% said that's what they'll remember the most The Iraqi information ministers daily comedy 78. He definitely should be doing our morning show Yours how fast he van moose by the way. Yeah. He was absent for his daily meaning. Oh, I'm gonna do the Don't get panicky. Do you see that? Well, no, I saw that I was getting behind and so just you know my finger fell right on that thing I bet you in into a cool swipe too. Yeah, that was just reaching for my copy and I hit that that thing See 28 past 11 at five 60 WCM getting much too worked up now We got to take the breaks the important thing is the commercials boys and girls not all of this other flip flip flip a rest of Listen if you're in a dead end job if you want to improve your life Why just you'll have one call our good friends at fast train get trained for a real job in a computer industry Because these people are making serious bucks. I think Carlos is the only slipper in the whole business Unless you're hiding out of the desk Inclusive missiles are follow around you near our cluster bombs at your feet There's no excuse anymore call fast train at one 866 fast train the good news is no matter what is convenient for you They have classes. They have they eating a weekend classes and they got locations all over town So there's boundary one nearby where you live they have locations in Miami Kendall pepper pies of Orlando So there's boundary one close by you so if you want to get yourself real training you just foresharp much you can do it by the way And get out of your dead end job and start making a big fat impressive paycheck So you can really have a life here's the thing to do call fast train today. There's no obligation They'll explain it all to you one 866 fast train and don't forget to register at fast train I've come to receive your free American flag bumper sticker wave it in the breeze and the flag too Pick up that phone and call them today one 866 fast train one 566 or makes the nervous naves too religious... inning y're very good. One making 10-y recognise? Earlwoodaten? George! your face The heart lyles your face their will and your your take action if we can demonstrate that it's against merely an ordinary administration. I'm sure we'll make that connection or attempt to make that connection. And given how easily this this war has gone, I mean, first act in Afghanistan and now Iraq, yes, we suffered casualties, but not massive casualties. I mean, the American people want to feel safe, want to be protected. They want to know that their government is doing something and taking the fight to the enemy. So I don't think it would be very hard to persuade enough Americans that action against Syria is required. So, and I missed the best part of what he was saying is that they'll use the same tactics that they used before. And convince the public that this is, you know, just partly a war on terrorism. And the Congress and the public will say, yeah, sure. Sure, whatever you say. Syria next. And then let's make a list of all the countries you're going to be putting Canada way down there. Please let me know when you're coming. Mexico, Venezuela. Puerto Rico. The Illusion Islands. Oh, that's right. That's part of the US. Well, whatever. And tuck it. Just say 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Law. Actually, I missed the best part of this guy from the Keto Institute, Member Keto and the Green Hornet rate. Here's a call from South Miami. Hello. How are you doing, Neil? Very well, thank you. Love you, man. Love you. I've got to ask. I got a question for you because I need your advice. I went to the office of Bert and the other day. Did you put you in a coma when he started speaking to you? I'm sorry. I said how did work out? Well, I haven't done the program yet. I just went to the check it out. And I did see your picture on the wall. Yeah. And I wanted to ask you how did it go. And should I should I go further with, uh, he's great. He really is good. He would be as good. Well, the only reason I stopped going to Bert is because I moved you know, and his weight on her and Kendall. And I just too lazy to drive all the way down. He's good though. I mean, once once he made him, I mean, he's, he's a great guy. But he's got that deep voice, but just because he's so boring. He's so boring that he can put you into a coma without even hypnotizing. So he's good. I like Bert. But he, well, what are you going for smoking or wait or what? Um, wait, love. I'm a big fat, I have for now. And I got into something. No, it does work because he, he got me away from the sweet. He got me away from all that craving and I would have kept going. I'd probably still be alive. Awesome. Awesome. All right. Thank you. Good luck, man. Well, I say I say how to Bert. Sure. He's a good guy, Bert and I mean, little, very, not a little very boring. But if you're going to be a hefty test, that's the best time to be boring, right? You will fall asleep now. You know, like some of the shows we have on a weekend on QA, I'm especially like the big. Oh, he's just, I love to say it again. I like him. He's a good guy and every single afraid train, but he, and it seems to me, maybe it's just my bad luck. But we have him on like all weekend long in between the ESPN droppings. He got about five minutes in Joe Rose and arrested. It's the big. He must work really cheap, you know. Yeah. He's a good guy, but he's just so terminal. God is he ponderous. I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. You're a great guy. Starting next Monday, the Iraqi, the former Iraqi press secretary information minister, whatever his title is. He's going to be doing moreings with a big QAM. He was, he was a panic. The best scene of him was the last one where he was standing right by the Palestine hotel. Yeah. And don't be afraid. Don't be afraid. There's nothing going on here. We have everything on the control. And you can see the gunfire in the back. And if I was a smoke in behind it, don't be afraid. There's everything on the control. We will kill them all. We will tear out their hearts. We will kill it. It was just incredible. I guess you know how to say the right things to stay alive. Alright. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I like his thing. I like his thing. I like his thing. Okay. He's Michael Moore. I like you. Yeah. His wife thinks so too. Same as the guy from Naples. That's a deal going around. Yeah, he from Deerfield. That was a matter of fact. He's very heterosexual. I know that has a lot to do with Martin Schene. See a fact. No, and Susan's writing and she had died. No, and Tim Robbins. Same thing. And there's our first pro-war call that I'm so proud of you, sir. I'm so proud. I'm as pleased as punch that another guy that disagrees with me. That's the best he can do, you know. It's come up with his great shot. This great attack of your go. Wow. Do you want to straight people that have here in Toronto? But third man. I think you're right. That's the great attack as he has flagged to. No, Michael Moore is very happily murdered. He told me. And his book is selling like hotcakes. And he's got to ballast to tell exactly like it is. But you continue goose stepping along, pal. We'll be the first ones to come there. You'll be begging for us to get your ass out. And the answer will be, now, have a good time on the inside. Hey, do you have $2,000 of a lot of credit card? If so, listen, put your ear to the radio. Dedicated consumer counseling will help you. It'll cost you nothing. Dedicated is a nonprofit company that will contact the companies. You will money, too. And they can cut your payments in half. Call 1-800-4-0-DET. That's 1-800-4-0-N-O-D-E-V-T. Dedicated will help you interest rate, eliminate late fees and save your credit and cost you nothing. The bank pays dedicated and you pay zero. So if you're tired of battling credit card debt, called Dedicated that the number 1-800. Let me try again at 1-800-4-0-DET. Got that? It's got to complicated. You got it? 1-800-4-N-O-D-E-V-T. Call now and find out how Dedicated to help you out. You got nothing to lose. If you've had it with credit card debt, high interest rates and late fees, you have Dedicated Consumer Counseling a Trad. They'll be handling it all for you from there. Call Dedicated right now 1-800-4-0-DET. And don't forget to cost you ZIPO. Call 1-800-4-0-DET for Dedicated Consumer Counseling. And they'll do it for you. My, my, my, and look all this is for 2560. You and you, and you have. Hold it's time for the W-U-A-M-U-D-M-B-S-Contest. Let's meet our peace judge. Start his with the illustrious Great Reef. Thank you, thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Now our next judge needs no introduction. I'm sure you're all aware of our wonderful morning. I know, I, I, I, out of my way, did it with the tap of time. Well, I without any other foyer or a dude of the do, I'll announce the original of the, uh, you, the of the feast contest. So I can get out of here and go home. All right. Can you pick out their mom-loon? Here you are, M-O-T-A-Shh! And the new winner is... ...Headslorett number one. Okay, feast. I am the feast. You're fat little tide. Behind that great ninja date is a gotta be Bachelor at number one, or Bachelor at number one. Ah, let me see. Number one. I think as you can't think we're all that fat yeah Give me a minute here. I can't think dying All right, Beast me jump mystery day sport whole radio program director Clarence I Was hoping you pick me. Well, I always thought you were trying to kill maybe later we can talk about sports You said for Stop it And the beast in your mind in my arms All right, you're too much and it's like at all getting a back in a man what for mom? Because you won yeah moron now my guts to squit you sounded think to the crazy horse He's or scripture Yeah, we are kids Good side What's all for for? It's a game club, both. I'm a mother it looks like a audience in need Meals audience Bad bad bad bad bad bad I'm a smoker What's that? Sports I can't hear you deserve to laugh What was that? I I'm 46 14 they'll know we got the mad dog at one hand is it Chulas with a show with me a clock? 630 Marlins on Drek. Actually, give me a show. Yes. Don't be tempted to rub. Go right there. Joe's the other weather. That's what happens when you don't come in and Concert with me about hockey. Joe's a gacky's out of game today. He was just on on Friday. Oh my. Oh my. I was joking to be doing the show at Chulas. I don't know. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I don't think they'll let you do the show at Chulas. They don't want to assume that he probably will. And then we got the Marlins and the Philly's at 7 o'clock tonight. Any K-pop in a game and our good close personal friends who used to be really good guys. Do you want Mark overnight to the 6 in the morning? And then of course it's our real close friend that mold myster from 6 to 9. Chris 3 hours is more than enough for that old man. Kill will be a Chulas. He will. He will be a Chulas. What did I just say? I don't know. You're starting to get like pretty pushy now. What happened with you? You're just like, Goating me, making me say stuff. Why is that? Also in other words, it's not bad enough. He's interrupting me all the time. Now you're going to do it too. That's right. I'll just sit back and let you guys talk. You're getting like a memory. Good one. Go to him. He's trying to get me fired now. Oh my. Oh my. I just don't want to speak when you're out. He started last week when you were in a riot. But I go. I'm just speaking. When you shot up for just a second, I think he's got a point. Listen to me. Last week, I'm going to the where to how was I going? I'm driving home and Josie on Friday. Guess who called him. I'll give you 50,000 guesses. Professional Catholic Psychotic Ass. Dennis? Yeah. Who was whining about because there was some scandal that if she was another football player and Joe was going out about that. And here it went. And he finally hung up on. Oh, nice college. Joe, I always told you that Josie had some great hidden abilities. Always. Seriously. He hung up on his ass and I thought, I was high five in myself in a car. Kind of like we've been on a road a little bit. But I was high five in myself in a car. Nice gone, Joe. You're the best. Oh my. Oh my. So the hopper's under the weather again. He should've been sick a lot lately. Put push the food away. Okay, hopper. Push it away a little bit. That's probably why I didn't show up when I was there. He doesn't want me to see his growth. Oh no. I could be wrong about that. But he's probably a little bit because I keep. I try to embarrass him. It's like losing an answer to he just won't do it. He won't do it. Oh, they got one of the rocky democratic opposition. Pick guy on here on see CBC. Yeah. And he's talking about the opposition groups are very suspicious of this. Ahmad Chalabi that we stuck in there to be the headhunter. And this in Bessler from Jordan for the for tradition. For us is. We'll to show that the audience. Anyone about democracy. And he's talking about the this is your idea of democracy. And I'm just saying our crook like this. We haven't been in our country in 48 years. This is democracy. And that's what they're saying. I just mentioned these things in passing. I don't want to be negative. This was a wonderful liberation of the Iraqi people. One's who are still alive. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, what are the. I had a chance to speak with the doctor. I can. Yeah, I did. Did he didn't die, didn't he? No, he's in a coma. Still on a coma. I didn't mention it. Yes. He's not going to happen to me. He's looked on a patch of ice. Hey, slipped on the ice on the sidewalk. He was walking to his office last week. And he slipped on the patch of his head right on the sidewalk. And I swear to me, I was reading out of the Harold where it's one of his votes when the rock scene or something was like that. That his chances for survival were slim of all. I mean, I'm not funny, but I just think I've showed the words with. He's saying. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. I don't know. He just hit his head on the sidewalk. You know, I mean, if you ever, if you ever had a bad fall. Don't don't do it, man. I had that bad fall about three years ago and Amsterdam and broke all of my hand. It's a damn good thing I'd lie on my head. But it was. I get to the fact that he split the obviously he didn't have any. You know, you do were able to break your fall obviously. Right. And don't forget he's 72 years old. That's true. I'm just a young pop. Okay. Thanks for the bad. Back to rack is we're praying for you, Dr. Bob. Of course. So, you know, what can I say? It's a terrible tragedy. He's a good guy. He's boring. But he's a good guy. I got a great diet. Worst for a lot of people. Not for me. Actually, this is working for me. That's what I'm doing here. I do that. Cheeseburger and onion thing. Right. Worst like a charm. And then every once in a while, it'll all street me. I shouldn't say that. Oh, no. See, you don't understand because you've never lived in a real big city. You don't know what that term means. Okay. Street me now. It can mean other things in belief. Being here, believe me. Trust me what I tell you. Wow. But anyway. Oh, they have, you know, it's a hot dog vendor. Exactly. See how George can put it in the words. I thought they would go downtown to fight a parking ticket. It out and there they don't have no weenies there. Just go all over the courthouse. So you can do it really every five feet. And they haven't put them out of business yet. Because that's one of their favorite things of all decisions. It's putting the weenie people out of business. No, this tone, baby. No. Well, that's here for the weenie people. That's the mad dog. We're just going to where it thong. See, they're all old ugly Cuban men. So in the weenies, if they were to put on a thong. Well, the mad effect, we got an old not Cuban, but he's some kind of Latino who has his own stay. This is it in these stands, you know. Yeah. They got great brawler. The Italian sausage man is the die for with a grill onions. Hmm. Fried onions. Woo. And it's thatkins. See what I'm saying? I hope I don't slip on the pavement. If I go out to get one for lunch or something like that. Where you represent. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. That's right. I forgot there's a lot of that SARS going around. And other things. Here's a call from Miami Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Yes. It sounds like you sir. Hey, Neil. You know, not really negative, but I see that you're going on and on. And keep on ripping the guy off. He's not. He's negative. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't think he should be ripping him off. So afterwards after our hang up on you, I shouldn't refuse being a little punk that belongs in school. And it should be called some great talk. Your host, tell me how to do it. Talk show. I'm not going to review for more than a half hour. Five, six, seven, five, seven, five, seven. I love the instructional colors. Don't you? The ones that you shouldn't be doing this. And you shouldn't be saying that. You shouldn't be thinking as, I don't know whatever. I want to do punk. It's my show. Well, they don't have to wait to turn it back into your pants. Look at the ratings. They have. They don't have to do a talk show. Are you starting again? No, you know, Carl also think you're right. I think it's me and Carl is against the world starting this Monday. The Iraqi Information Minister in the book through in the morning. I did hear some, I did hear some of the ballgame. Hey, everybody. It's the top of the fifth inning. And it's true. Mark Morgan and Luke Shambier are the same person. I'm Mark Morgan. You, A, A, A. He just, I can't handle it. I cannot handle it. The Crave, the LaFuivin civilization. It's self. But increasingly, scholars and archaeologists are worried that the current conflict in Iraq might erase valuable links to our own past and prominent amongst those scholars and archaeologists. Our experts here at the British Museum in London. Oh, in London, we don't want to see about them. Silly Brits, Tommy. Oh, cannot stand them. Silly has Brits. Although the people there, they got, they got there ahead on straight. But their Tony Blair, I'm sure, too many spotted Dix. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. It's going great. Go on to see. It's going to come see. I can't believe this, sir. Yeah. I'm going to muzzle on them, right. Yes. Yeah. I think you should take a poll on your land. We should do that to George for the rest of the year. No, I'm actually on idea. That could be our poll tomorrow. Good point. You know, but you just don't want to judge. You know what, you can probably have one of the best talk shows. And then you can go. Okay, man. We'll work on it. See? There you're right. I'm with you, man. He says, put a muzzle on your little spick ass and shut you up. Okay. And we took, we did take the poll. What's the one thing that sends you diving the radio fastest to turn the dial? Here in George's voice. You were your way up there, man. Well, I'll shut up there. I'm sure your daughter voted about two, three times on that one. But third, man. At least. I don't have that here, sir. You're going to have to keep dropping in one more time. One more time. God, third, man. I heard that first part. What part? Okay. That was a slip. Don't slip it again. Carlos, get prepared. Start warming up at a bullpen. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5. Gonna be some real changes at QAM. Mark Morgan. Do you have any idea what that sounds like in pre delay when he says that one. I'm sitting here in a morning. No. It's just, do just something about the way he, I don't know how to describe it. But it's just like, just about sends you up off your chair. I'm Mark Morgan. It's so spastic. God. But on, what's the other station he's on now? He's probably all over the place. I call him traffic nerds. Boy, he is a nerd. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound this is turned into a pretty damn entertaining show. If you ask me, would that big ego I've got? Even bigger than Donald, the hair mom's hearing. Rumsfeld. Who's, you know, he just tried to clean up a little on tight in the city. And then we'll go to Syria and we'll kick their ass. We're going to reshape the Middle East and our good buddy, Ariel Sharon and us. Then we'll rule the world because then we can split in a little bit. How many more percent do you think we ought to give this a railways of the oil? About third man. Here's a call from Boca. Hello. He's his mother one while he's on too with you right now. Don't set a common thing. It was just a, like the bird in the egg. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because the leaves are strong. You have your original one. Yes. Well, here's that animal. Was that an FCC thing where they said you went? No. No. That was Fox News and Newsmax.com was just a real white wing website. They had to want to start all that crap. They got to watch your people. What were they complaining about? Were they complaining that it was somewhat, was it pointed graphic? No, it was a racist. They claimed that it was racist. Oh my god. And you know what? We are a great civil rights people. The right wingers. What part of that was actually racist? Well, if I say that, I'm going to be doing a lyrics again. I'm not going to get sucked into that. I need the job, man. That paycheck twice a month. Now, and that's what is all you got. And when the parlor goes, hmm. Right there is what it was. So corporate said to you that if you play this again, you ain't got a job. That basically true. I think that's a very good way to put your thumb on it. Oh, my god. And you're big time with a solid contract with everything, man. So he was, listen, I'm telling you the, the chilling a free speech and what's going on in America. Most people aren't even vaguely aware of it. It is a scary man. It is. And you know, I'm a conservative. And I have an opportunity of you on you on the war. But for them to try to take that away, man. And you're free to speak. Well, those are the people you're in bed with, man. I'd start looking around. I'd start checking over the seats to see you's in your with you. I just can't believe that. So it's like, now what if you play this? And you just said to hell with that? And if they fired you, would you be set to life? The soon for some kind of, uh, bull ride. I'll let you handle it. How's that? I'll let you play it on your show. Have a great day, man. Okay. Yeah. I don't think so. Not this week. What do you think? A George play on his show when he's on. 157, 3 minutes. No. Don't let that this year. George had a close enough shave last year. Okay. And this year is bleeding already. Where are the bargains? You might be wondering. I'll tell you the bargains are at the Swap Shop. Well, with great memories, we have a that joint. Over 88 acres, Chuckville, a bargains from indoor and outdoor vendors. Speaking of vendors, the Swap Shop is the busy street hill location in the world before day light. And at night the Swap Shop has the world's largest 13 screen drive in movie theater, featuring great first run movies. Why does so many people shop at the Swap Shop? Because no place else can you see millions of dollars worth of brand new brand day merchandise at flea market prices. And everything you buy at the Swap Shop is what it's called. Free admission and free parking every day seven days a week. The Swap Shop is the cheapest place in the world of shop every Thursday by a beer free buyer or free seller every Thursday free grass sale space before 5 an AM and Mondays like today all day long. All of these things and lots lots more waiting for you at the World Famous Swap Shop on sunrise Boulevard between 995 and the turnpike called 954-791 swap. And whatever you do at almost a free million dollar three-ring circus seven days a week, you can smell the water that about 20 miles down a road. At the Swap Shop, 954-791 swap say to my good friend Preston and his hand. My wife and local, this is 4256. 212 AM. This is the channy. I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the Nail Rogers 12-1 hour. Hey. Yes, they'll ball drop on time square, but no one wants to miss a minute of the charge of the war on terrorism. I bet. Well, no, I was listening to something I get distracted because there was a very important news to around the news about the wrecking information minister, not. This new year's Eve, most Americans want to watch the ball drop on time square, but no one wants to miss a minute of coverage of the war on terrorism. Now, there's a way to watch both. It's seen. It's seen ends. Walking new year's Eve. We do a special host downtown Aaron Brown. I'm kicking it live from the CNN studios in New York. Joining me is Judy, given me wood woodruff from CNN party headquarters in Atlanta. Judy. Thank you, downtown. Let's get right to the latest new year's developments live via satellite from Kandahar with Wolf Needs Hill nickname. You're going to hear what I mean. Thank you, Judy. It's been a night of heavy-shelling and heavy-drinking in Afghanistan. Right now, the local time is 12 noon. That means this reporter is already well in the hangover stage of his conflict. CNN's rocket new year's Eve, because the line between news and entertainment is blurry and now more than ever. But Aaron Brown still sucks. Boy, is he bad or what? He is brutal. Guy, whiny and with a bad, the comedian here piece that went from red to dark, a shoe polish, a shoe polish, a shoe polish black. Here's a fact from Dan, who says, hey, do you guys know if Bob Keeshan died yet? Did he die? I don't know. I'm sure he died, Bob Keeshan. He died? Look at up on the thing, uh, beater boy. You got it. Also, I don't think you're Robbie McIntosh died. Were you saying that he was gone so well, you know, we put a lot of stuff on here. We're like the Fox people. We have, we have, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, Reserve the right to lie a lot. Right. We'll sort it out later. That's right. You worry about it later, and we'll look it up on the inventing of the real true. If you look it up, we're too lazy. Bob Keeshan. He died? I don't know. U.S. troops, anguish, killing out massed foes. Oh, look at this article. Somebody just facts to us when the Christians has monitor. Didn't we have this on our website, Carlos? Which one? U.S. troops anguish, killing out massed foes? Yeah. It's not. They're again, fascinating stuff that we had, but it, it's worth them glad they did remind me. So lethal was the past weeks barrage of artillery using rockets and missiles designed at the model share everything with an a grid square one square kilometer. That left Lieutenant John Herald of the third infantry divisions. Uh, one third and on artillery battalion with nothing else left to, nothing else left to attack. Yet even as U.S. commander, psychomatics of cests as many look upon the wholesale destruction of Iraq's military and the killing of thousands of Iraqi fighters with a sense of regret, the voice frustration of the number of Iraqis who stood there ground against overwhelming U.S. firepower, wasting their lives in equipment rather than capitulating as expected. And it goes on and on and on and on. It's just for some soldiers, traumas already sinking in. The lack of a better word, I feel almost guilty about the massacre said one soldier privately. We wasted a lot of people. It makes you wonder how many were innocent. It takes away some of the pride we won, but at what cost? The average soldier is now 19 to 21 years old to start in Mac. You have 21 year old sergeants that are not experiencing up to maintain control of themselves or their soldiers in the heat of battle, or just two years off the streets. We have WIA's wooden action wearing purple hearts were 20 years old. And it goes on and on. That's right. Let's massacre them and let's go into Syria and massacre about to them and then we'll find out who else we think has weapons of mass destruction and we'll massacre them. Oh, yeah, that'll make you feel better about yourself at about 9.11. Sure. And then we'll go into mass detucious because they always vote Democrat in presidential election and we'll show them a thing or two. We'll straighten their liberal economy, pink olfag asses out. I'd like that. I heard they were harboring bath party members. I heard that they got weapons of mass destruction. Captain King of WIA. Who? Captain Kangaroo? Oh, Bob Keeschnum, sir. He's alive. He's still alive. And who's the other one, Robbie? McIntosh. The ship on his computer. Yeah, 55 votes. Which of these things do you remember most about the Iraqi attack? The Iraqi attack. The biased reporting was surely in the fire media 142. The Iraqi information ministers daily comedy 92, the great job by our military 85, the thousands of dead are wounded people only 77. Turing down the statues of Sodom 65, the looting in chaos 21, rescue of the POW 17, and the Sodom doubles doing photo ops 6. The thousands of dead are wounded people only 77. Uh huh. I just just mentioned that in passing. Here's a call from Kendall. Hello. I don't touch liberal. Brother. Like I said, he won't be on again ever. Walk beyond again ever today tomorrow next circus two years from Pesaki, I'll be on his show again. That's the whispering guy for those people under which one of the assholes it was. It was the whispering guy. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm a college student and I just got out of my society class a few minutes ago. Yes, sir. They were reading, we were going over something about globalization. This one in the north, if you agreed on this statement, I made a class and I'm thinking you want to understand what I meant. But probably not. Globalization is imperialism. Right. Do you agree with that? Of course. Well, I just got to have someone I was reading and from listening to you and I've been reading a lot of books they had about what's been going on. And it blew me away. Didn't know when I agreed with that. All this, well, that's because they visited the funny papers. All this crap about the new world order is just code for saying they were going to impose our system and our will on the rest of the world, whether they wanted or not. It's down on it. It just blew me away when I was reading about what they were saying were the pros of globalization. And I just wanted to know what the claim are the pros of globalization. What is the core of countries that were... Right. We're helping them to an early grave. Right. And one other thing I just wanted to ask if you've got to have the opportunity to read anything by no one Trump's key. Sure. Oh, yeah. I don't know. I just began reading stuff from him recently. Yeah, but you better, you better, you better, you better, you've locked the doors and keep the light up. I'll be knocking your door down, man. I just wanted to say one thing, if I could just read this really quick from this. It's from Harold Lazzwell in the 1920s and early 1930s, he takes plain that we should not become the democratic dogmistism about men being the best judges of their own interests because they're not. We're the best judges of the public interest. Therefore, it's out of ordinary morality. We have to make sure that they don't have an opportunity to act on the basis of a misjudgment. Isn't that the same thing as a literary state or a dictatorship or they're telling us what they're creating that solution? You understand? Stop all keep track of everyone. Amen. Keep it up, pal. Thank you, sir. Sir. There's a guy sitting there's a guy with a brain. How do you like that we found one? We found a guy with a brain on. Didn't call up and say, oh, it's Michael Moore, a flag, too. That was so far one we've heard from the other side today in three hours and eight minutes. As usual, they're out there. They're listening, even though they would deny it. They're out there. Even though Mr. Trump is on right now. I've did it. Oh, and speaking, I did it. Oh, did it. Oh, you ought to see. You talk about it as a disgrace. Tom Zika, who used to be a good guy back before his vault spot and cup of his entire body. Right to call about Dennis Miller. Oh, my gosh. And he goes on and it talks about who's the most rapidly conservative of any of the comedians. And he says, now, before on you, did it. He'd start writing me letters. He says, based on a way the country's mood is right now. It's probably probably the most in line. I mean, talk about apologizing for a bunch of crap and also has to apologize to the Dittohead's time. Let me tell you, you're not fooling anybody. And this is a guy who screams and wails about freedom of expression and freedom of speech. Who you kidd little Tommy Jika? You know, George told me about the only good thing George ever did would tell me a long time ago. When I shot it, when I should have seen for myself about Tom Zika, if I can find it. He's probably stupid. Yeah. Dennis Miller, a real jack ball, a real idiot. 560560 pound 560 on any shirt, live it up, buddy, that football. I'm pretty sure that man went over like a goddamn pregnant pool ball. Like a squash ball over the top of the empire, state building. He's a turd. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hello, sir. I had recently, I had befriended someone, a long-haired hippie type and, uh, you would think that he would be, uh, your average, your war pro tester. Yeah. Yeah. He said back in the election, him and I have been arguing. I did not understand why. Was it Dennis Miller? He's got long hair. Long hair. Guitar player and guy was so, grain wash by the Bush administration. Wow. Bush is going to do this. And Bush, I showed him pictures of little hazy with his arms gone. Right. He said, oh, well, if it wasn't for president Bush, that's how your children would be right now. What kind of rap is this? Oh. And this is so, I don't even, I've spent, in fact, I was one of my client's universities to do business with this guy. Good for you. Because of that stuff. I have a 17 year old son and, you know what, he's interested in, you know what, I've had an em listen to you. I know when he gets at a spoolie. Doesn't catch all of you. Yeah. And everything. And I was wondering if before you go, maybe a little bit of visoner just to brighten up today. Okay. Sure appreciate it. Well, how about a preview? There you go. Have a great day, Palette. Miss Congolese, bye now. See. Mmm. Mmm. What's your name again? Mmm. Oh, and the rumor is that she's going to run for Governor California in 2006. Really? That's true. That's the rumor. She's going to run for Governor California. And there can be a Chevron station in every street corner. Wow. Let's get some golf from the CBC. Never played again, but he won his first, first pro turn. Oh, right. Let's hear it for Mike. Where the Canadian boy. Get that stuff off the front page. You crazy people. We got people dying as SARS. We got people in a panic about who we're going to attack next to. It's probably Syria. We got all of these things going on. We got all the archaeological craft that they just billions of dollars with the artifacts they've destroyed and trashed. And they're worried about golf. They're worried about picking golf. The national post. To them. Okay. That's my comment. Right wing rag. Comment is passed. By the way, do you see one of masters? Who? And asking a musical question is Mike weird? Hey, I'll tell you a couple of guys who aren't weird. Well, I may be actually a Tom Lin is probably a little bit weird. That's why he likes to show. But anyway, you'll love Tom Lin and Joe Prieto and Haliponti XMC because they treat your right to give you unbeatable deals. What's not to like? In fact, they got these deals going on right now at Haliponti XMC. Neal deal number one. You get 0% financing for 60 months on every potty acor GMC in stock. Neal deal number a dose. Get up to a $4,000 rebate and every new GMC in potty acor stock that is correct. Get you up to a $4,000 rebate on every new car or truck in stock. And Neal deal number three, if you're currently a GMS Marlacers Smart by a customer service of a blazer and old robot or GMC Jimmy by or lease a new potty acor GMC and get an extra $1,000 off the price. Stop by Haliponti's drive the all new and powerful potty acor ran free. Be sure and pronounce it right or they'll kick your ass out. Haliponti XMC, the one 341 South taxi highway, that's US one across in the falls and the best part of the deal is they're open every day seven days a week. And like I said, no high pressure, no BS. They give you great deals and treat you like a real mince. For more information, call the Neal deal hotline. And leave consider what that means. Call 1-Triple 8-5342-11. That's 1-Triple 8-5342-11. And don't forget, all Neal deals are submitted to credit approval, see the four details. And Haliponti XMC, who probably say from the mountain tops, we be professional graze. I've been local this is five six years. Bring your ball yours. Oh, you way in. Hello Michael, I'm Thomas. I'm her. Yes sir. What the hell? Go ahead finish it. What the hell? Are you doing to me? Are you a villainy? That's right. What did I do now sir? Hey Glets, big movie. Yeah, like piglets, big pizza, pink, poll. What an amazing success. We're so proud of the animation in that. The thing finished seven buys. They're seven. Get how much money we spent on that runty little stuttering pig. Oh, like $80,90 million. $93 million on piglet and open seven. It's going to take me nine months to make my freaking money back. But sir, the animation is... Oh, the animation is terrible. I don't know what you're talking about. Oh, that's... Oh, that's not a thing. Oh yes sir. I got read myself so I might... I know I'm just... Right now, get ready for it. We must come in here. Get you one. Stop jerking, Raymond. What's the hell you doing? The need of drainage system, both. A drainage system? Yeah, you know, it's just some of a lot of visual natural drains. It's just, you know, used to drain off the dirt-glass water. I know what a drainage system is, Raymond. I don't need a drainage system in my office for having sake. I don't even have a water pump. It's Eisner. Yes sir. I'll put it away and I forgot to ask. How do the Oscars go? Oh, funny you should ask, guys. Now that's my next topic. Was it an amazing time? What the hell? Call that finish it. Are you doing that? Are you doing the main put me on stage with Jennifer Garner from Ali? Well, we figured she's on ABC. Oh, you know what? I figured I'd do it just for the hell that it'd be fun. I figured I'd get a little action afterwards. You know what she says to me? I'm married. I can't do that. You're my boss. I don't want to go down that floor. I'm not going to be on a minute. I'm exposed to my office. All right. We're going to... Go, go, go. We're going to the right. What the hell are you doing to me? That's what we're all about. We're going to stop blasting through my walls. I'm trying out a bone conversation with my Puff's president. Get away from me. We're just... Think like... Come on. Hi sir. Officer. How are you doing? Are you doing the main put- Well, sir, how did it go with Jennifer? It didn't last there. I got nothing. Nothing. Nothing. You wouldn't even give me a hand-eat. Well, so you are a married man. I am a... You sound like mini. I want to harm you. So all I saw the unstated Jennifer going up. You love me so much. Why did you marry her? I said I don't want a married her mini. I just want a f***er. Bring it back. Come on. Remix. What are you doing? You're... Come on. Get your crew out of here. I hear you. I hear you. Are you doing the main? So, if anybody missed the beginning of the show, I'm a gal stole, George is good, and his money to a treasure island. Last went to the end. George is pretty poor. I'm over it. From 20 to 5. 60, we're going to be taking that pull one of these days this week. About George, and should we put the muzzle on? Carlos, well, yes. Yeah. Five. What are you already? Seven. Oh, five, 60. Don't forget, uh, who was your favorite all-time of Scurry Cording Artist? In honor of little Eva Boyne who died on Friday at age 59. Oh, Eva. We're so depressed about that. Here's a call from Amy Beach, hello. Hey, Bobby. Yes, sir. The weekend I was at that charity event that they do over in Hollywood. That little skinny guy from the, uh, at the station. You know, talk about it. No chicken, chicken breast, uh, whatever thing. Chicken breast guy. Little skinny guy from the, uh, while on other station, Morning show. Oh, buddy. Like Goopie did? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, no. Yeah. He's an ass. Oh, good point. Okay. Okay. What? What? My daughter's group is going to perform next. Can you do me a favor? Can you do a favor of it since you have a camera? So this guy, you know, seven years old, he goes up on stage. He sits in the corner. Yeah. Wait for them to go. What do you come to? Who are you? What are you doing here? Okay, I'll work on it. 5605, that was pretty entertaining. 5605, 60 pound, 560 is lying. They could consider grounding its entire fleet. Oh yeah, who's the hemorrhaging cache? Some $3 million US per day. Cafe later, so. Cafe airlines in China? Yeah. There's a thing about your wallet. The sourcing, there are too many people visiting China these days. I just mentioned that in passing. Here's a call for Miami, hello. Hello, Neo. How are you? Pretty good, sir. Good. Sort of, make a comment to anybody who's listening and happened to not know which side of the fence are on right now with the work. We did, not weird. The United States government did, in both of the sanctions last 12 years on the Iraqi people. Right. And to claim that we care so much about the Iraqi people, they're still pressed. When the UN did a report on those sanctions. And in the last 10 years, 500,000 children start to death. Right, let's go ahead. Based on those sanctions from the US government. Right. So if anyone listening right now and your pro version, your pro war, you want to go take out all these countries preemptively, just think about the rationale of this war. This is just insane. That's it. Thank you. Okay, just another reminder folks, a friendly reminder of all the misery that we are Heaped upon these people. And the reason that most of them are living in such squalor and grotesque conditions and without medical care. And that's that are all of these things that all of the children that just awased it away. And now of course they're going to have that good clean first year to be then bagged that they all around a country for years to come in the water. And a good pure water that potable water. Always carry around with you a bunch of portable, I mean, potable water. This is the story I've alluded to before. And I'm just about going to forget about it. Don't do that. Mr. Faley stabbed in brawl over New York City smoking ban. This is your world, baby. A bouncer to Manhattan, I clubbed yesterday after he was stabbed in a brawl at police said, began when he tried to enforce the city's new ban on smoking and bars and restaurants. Talk about a Milton Smoker, taking a just a little of the grief further. Take him to the infigree. Dana Blake, 32, died about 11 hours after the late night fight in an Eastville as nightclub. Police arrested two brothers, Jonathan and Qing Chen. That's brothers as him, King. Shortly after the fight in charge them with assault, prosecutors had in the side of the yesterday whether they were upgrade the charges because of Blake's death. Blake approached them in about 230 to more in the town they couldn't smoke into bar police spokesman Michael O'Lunys said, it was unfair whether one of both of them were smoking you said. Harsh words were exchanged in the brawl began when Blake tried to reject Jonathan Chen for disorderly behavior when this is told to police. Blake was stabbed in the fight but was unfair who stabbed them or with what? Lumi B. San, the smoking ban took a part last month. How do you like that? Could you please put that thing out? No. Melatin Smoker's baby. We had the militant non-smokers and all the smokers you're getting even. Here's the fact that says, this weekend I tuned into QM thought I had Disney radio on. Well, if we had Disney radio on you know who'd be hosting all the show was don't you? Yeah. I swear. Now what was that? I honestly don't know who it was. It's just I guess it could have been the big. Oh, I normally don't listen to them but there were a couple of kids spewing about football. I didn't stick around to find out who it was. Yeah, we put a lot of kids on a weekend because it's cheap and we can't make any money on a weekend on the station. It's desperate. Not sure if you heard this morning but on the mo show, Steve with a crazy Boston voice called, oh, that's a stuttering Steve. I hadn't heard him in a while but it was hilarious with that stupid voice he was talking up how good the Marlins attendance had been so far this year compared to life. And the best part before he finished as to they had any free tickets. All right. And that's gone. Stuttering Steve and it says goalies and blues underneath. Okay. At least in big trouble unless they went tonight here at the Air Canada Center. Even though the series is tied to the game of peace, they haven't shown up for either those first two games yet. They've stunk. They stunked the joy out, man. Phil, how is Lee? Dottering old fool is what he is. And game number two. Yeah, directly headed the flyers two goals on a plate. Hey, Phil, on the end of the bench up in the stands in a press box. Hey, a pad if you play house later, they were all leaving walking out. Come out some more hockey talk. And as matter of fact, you'd be that hockey talk by a mile in that pool. Yeah. The sound of your voice. I'll shut up. So what we're going to do on the next Monday we're having room around to talk hockey. I'll call him up. And the Carlos will tie you up and put you in the corner. You can go. Hmm. Here's number of pines. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Have they found any weapons of math destruction yet? No, no. No. Not yet. But we're working on it. As a matter of fact, we're that's why we're going to Syria. Now we're sure that they moved them over to work. Probably. I like to listen to both sides. Liberal talk radio, conservative. But it's funny when I listen to like Russia something. Oh, that is funny. No, it is funny. But he actually turned me into more of a moderate because I used to be pretty conservative. But when everything went wrong on the face of the planet was built, Clinton followed the panel. Lost its legitimacy. And on a course when Bill and Hillary were killing all those people in those little babies. You know. Yeah, I was funny how they're talking about this this left one hatred for Bush. What what about when Clinton was in there? What is there a little bit of a right wing? Yeah, I haven't. I mean, I have seen a couple of input and peach bush bumpers to Arizona was that little movement that never got off the ground. But I haven't seen our Congress trying to impeach the president yet for an illegal invasion. Yeah, it's just, you know, it's sad that listening to you and it's such vitriol from both sides. I mean, you know, such hatred from both the you know, they're the right wing, not these and there's the left wing, comi, pink those. I mean, it just gets to be nonsensical after why I mean, if Gore would have won the election, would have been legitimate then? No. Absolutely not. But I don't think if Gore would have won the election, we wouldn't have done it because Gore wasn't supported by the Nazis as you call him or behind this president. Where to Pearl, like I don't know what the goal of going to be is. Wolfowitz or your rummese folder, Cheney Ray, those people. Yeah, that's true. It's pop of Bush, part two all over again, baby. Have a great day. Twenty seven, he say you two, I can't stand a minute. I wish your bagpipe music, twenty seven pass no at five sixty Q a m. We're sports radio five six. You a m. That's the too much vitis too much pain. If you're a scum, they had a lot of supremacists. You know that the forces pulling the strings in the government are closing down and all those great websites. We've become a custom to. Well, we still have the US Postal Service to rely on. So now at the time to join the Nazi at the month. Good. For just eight, nine and out of month, you get the complete history of one prominent Nazi past or present, the particular group C. Hates and any subversive activity they may be planning. So no matter what the rights religion or ethnic group you hate, Nazi at the month is right up your alley. Just call 1 800 p.m. head to order. Order today and get your very own synthetic anophomus to impress your friends. Absolutely free. That's 1 800 p.m. Order today. Bracky prisoners and terrorists in their country and saying that he expected that there should be some cooperation between Syria on these points. And he indicated the same kind of warnings that we've heard before several months ago when, of course, the issue then was arrived. There you go. Syria's next baby. We got our thumb on it. Right on the map. Take a look at your map. Just to the west there right between Jordan and Hartplace. 560 50 50 50 50 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Oh, the story from above, die corp. Yes. You're missing a rack. Oh, the facts that we just had. We, uh, tell B. and Boyle. Let's get that on the website. Do you have that still? Have what? The facts. Did it first came in on? Right. Yes. No, the one that you sent me. You still have that? Yeah, that too. Anyway, here's the a photograph. Tell the story. This is from, uh, what is this information clearing house? .com. Is the medium manipulation on the grand scale? And yes, uh, the occupation has begun. It says, and it shows the pictures of the tearing down of the statue and bag dead. The scene looked like the fall of the Berlin Wall in the course not because it shows that it says the area circle and red is where the Marines, the, and I can't read this part of it chopped off. But the fact that the matter is that there are just a handful of people who pulls down statue. There's almost nobody there. But anyway, you know, just take a look at it and then you make up your own mind. Okay. So we're not going to talk about fashions, denazies and left wingers and right wingers and are we sure we were? Well, I'm going to try to tell you that a long time ago before these ghost depers went and stole the election. I tried to warn you, but no, a lot of you silly old people in Palm Beach voted for Papu Cannon. Who like you said last two weeks ago is starting to look a lot better now. Right. But there's Ari Fliesher in Asia. Oh, no. I'm sorry, Corie. I'm happy to take your questions. So close the lunch time, too. You know, it ought to be a log instead. I think that everybody in America should have a button to press them when he sees that the coast is clear and everybody's eaten as much as they possibly, they'll actually be four lunch time. Then we can all lose some weight that way. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 6, Very, it's the very, and he's going to get married. That may have a good poll question. To the worst self-hating faggot. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, on a AT&T and Verizon line. Here's a call from Del Ray Beach, hello. Okay, long gone. Oh, my, my, my. Like I said long gone on nine, yeah. It is long gone. How's there any herwell doing? Here's Del Ray, hello. When I grow up, I want to be justified to me. Okay, thank you. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, lots of open lines in this board all of a sudden. What just happened there? Huh? What the hell just happened? Now we're getting little punk's calling in because they're out of school today. Right. This week got to pay socks starting on Wednesday. We got good Friday this week. We got Franklin Graham got to go and come by and convert all due to using the heath and bastards. Here's Miami, hello. Anya, how's it going? Yes, sir. Oh. With all this war talk going on, I thought I might mention. Wasn't that a beautiful goal, right? I've got him a third period yesterday in that game. In the game, when I see day one, three to two. Yeah, I mean, I haven't watched hockey in a while, but during the playoffs, and I can't resist it. It's the best thing to watch. I mean, they got one goal then. The war at goal is on a breakaway. He passes the pot or is it a goal? I mean, who's jumping up and yelling and then I'm screaming. Rad attack, where you're doing the Rad attack thing and throwing those. Oh, yeah. Rats are right through. Rats. I threw chickens. Next on the pie. Rubber chicken. But I mean, that has made me sad thinking that he used to play in a Panthers uniform. Yeah, but look at all of it. Look at all the outstanding players that used to play in a Panthers uniform. It's disgusting. It is grotesque. Yeah. You just want to recall that you know that of Panthers suck and I still have my jersey and I still wear it. But I think so. Go to a game on even though who's on the ice anymore. I don't blame you. Well, somebody of prouns the names for it. Have a great day, Palicolisco. Golysco. Get that Phil. How's the off the ice? Scrape him up. Get that old man back to the nursing home where he belongs. Come on, Pat. Team is full enough like an accordion just at the wrong time. This ain't the time to start playing fast and lose. Okay. Because all the people who are down are screaming cup. They want the cup. You want the cup? No. 24 till 1 at 5. 60 W. Come Jim Mandage. I'm sure it's going to be very hockey intensive. Even though Misha in loss, the National Love that Bigger College tournament got eliminated in the frozen 4 by Minnesota who went under win a championship for the second year in a row. Sorry about Misha again, Mad dog. I was rooting for him in the soda myself. Here's the call from Davy. Hello. Yes sir. George Pataki said we should melt down the sit down statue and make it pot of the world. Trade Center Memorial. Uh-huh. And then I heard someone say you like it's all kids. You like this is to show the world that Americans can't tell the difference between one hour and another. Yeah. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's the call from Tamarack. Hello. Where do you uh... Like I said, Tamarack where the meeting age is death plus 10. Well your people are really worked up today. They're all pissed off because we haven't invaded Cuba next. They thought that would be an extra list. Gotta do that before serious. No. No. Let's get cereal. Here's a call from Hialia. Hello. Oh, there's verbal talk on my computer. Oh, there's a call from Hialia. Oh, he's probably not to whispering this time. I see. A little bit better. Here's Davy. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. I listen to your show man. I like your show but uh... But what's up? What's up with George, peanut boy, Miguel, they all found the same. Yeah. You're getting a blast on the same man. It's a put on the same claw. You know? You're all kind of the same mold. Yeah. And the other thing is... He came into the same raft. How about how about the Mars? How about getting some free tickets? Yeah. How about a call from our conceived I give you any? 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T. Now we're getting the intellectual part of the show. I've missed that. The first two and a half hours to be out whatever was. First 50 hours. And now we're getting the good intellectuals in there. Great. Keep it up baby. Let's bring them on. There's very fly sure. You know. This is Syria does have weapons of mass destruction. Seriously about there. Oh no. Programmed to develop. Have chemical weapons. I think it's time for them to... Yeah. They want their place to be in the world. Yeah. Where do you want your place? Where do you want our piece in the world to be right on your head? Are we covering up their gigantic glaring balls? Got to see get on my nerves. 560, 560, 560. We're waiting for the real intellectuals to call in. Call a spring. Hello. How you doing now? Okay sir. Getting back to today. He was talking about that bitch. They put in charge of the reconstruction of Iraq. Right. It was a real good documentary done about the heroes of the World Trade Center. The guy who was the in charge of security for the tower. He was one of the former FBI agents that were sent to Yemen. Right. He died in the coming. He was bombing. Right. And he was the one that got him taken off the cage in Yemen. Because he was putting a lot of pressure on it. Right. We talked about that at the time. It was unbelievable. She was the one that was responsible for the night like happening in the first place. Right. It was just disgusting. And then to know that she's going to be in charge of trying to rebuild all that stuff. It's great. Yeah. She's going to be in the equivalent of the mayor of Baghdad. Right. It's just crazy. And that guy. He had a chance to get on the building. But he went back up to try to get out of there. And he paid for it. What is life? Yeah. And he said, you know, you know, you're going to be in charge of that. He's moved up in Yemen. And now what do you think you're going to do in Iraq? Well, I'll be between Chalabi and her and James Wollsey and all of these crazy people are putting a real good bunch of stuff. That alone should tell everybody what this is all about. Yes, sir. And that's right. The next election is hopefully the wake up. I'll get that. Okay. And you too. Number 24. When it come and take us all away. Twenty-two, one, a five, sixty. Q-a-m. A-bark. A-a-m. No. Because it's scorched when you're five, sixty. Q-a-m. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. It's so freaking cool. It's so freaking cool. It's so freaking cool. It's so cool. It's cold. It is so freaking cold. Good. And I cringe every time the wind blows. In my pants, something is shrinking. I'm so cold. I can't lip-sync. That's because it's zero baby. There's a tingling in my fingers. And my pride, with parts of arms. Oh. I. Follow. There's a cloud. Every time that I go. In my hands on the blue. They are turning on. They might have you dead. My thumbs. I'm a life-on. Let's be cause it's zero baby. I can't bear. I'm a red hot light in love. But first I need to be thought out. I like cheering on me. I bet just going to check out your passion baby. Go. It's real. It's a tough 46. I tell you one thing. Well, we're going to do it again even for 9.11. We're going to kill. Go into Iraq. Kill some people. Go into Syria. Kill some people into Iran. Kill some people into Jordan. Kill some people into Cuba. Go into a massive people. Kill some people. Go into a massive people. Kill some people. Right. I. Flag bagged. The mask is located on the series of gently rolling hills. The bombing will be much more interesting to watch. I remember we are. Oh, good. Remember we have to break a few eggs if we're going to make an omelet. I love that line. Oh, the good news is you'll be at hold on your seat tight. All oil fields in Iraq are now controlled by the coalition. Yeah. There's the good news. That's what we've been waiting for that report. The US troops report that all oil fields in Iraq are under control of the coalition. So as Neil got, I'm sitting here in my jazzy with the biggest smile on my face in years. He's got a smile on his push and his face too. In 1997, I lost track. He went to became a brold and a bitter divorce and moved. I used to listen to the hate. Listen, don't do it again, Michael. Don't get hooked up with him nasty, smelly bitches. Just ask George Holtzaya. I used to listen to you while making my deliveries for my business and no sucking up here always made my day. And 2000. Oh, this is this. Did you read this? Yes. In 2000, I lost my right leg about the need to do to a blood clot from complication of surgery. A special note to you don't take viox across as massive bleeding without noticing some people. But that's just what I need now. Talk about turning purple. And in his dish in which Dr. Dick, or Dr. whatever in hell is name was he actually gave me viox at one time and then I read the anyways is now I have only one leg and a half and a one leg and a half and a quarter. What does that mean? Only a leg and a half and a quarter. Do you know what that means? No. I mean she's got 25 cent I guess. And I'm confined to my home most of the time. Sorry to hear that, my Mikey. Last while searching the internet, I found you again and Neil got it's great to hear you again. He said, you know, I made you once at a promotion in clear water. Are you doing any things this way soon? No. But hanging there Mikey. Good luck your path and I'm glad you found us and we found you. And that's sweet. I mean, it's not sweet to news about his leg and violence. But if they're going to start popping all this crap and you out because you're Dr. Your butcher's down there in Florida, which most of them are for thank God for my close friend Dr. Dr. Rahamp and she is great. Oh, you know, that's right. You were I went and saw her again before I came back here. Well, good. And she looked in my nose and she said, she looked all around. God, God of finding me. That's what she said. My my deviated septum is like she said it's like a crooked is a road map. It's all over the place. So it's crooked is the US government. And that's me if I let the earth open up yet. Has your. No. No, but I'm working on it. And that leg room taking like more leg room now. And I think it's helping me real good. And I feel great man. Gonna be 70 day here in Toronto and 79 tomorrow. Oh, I don't believe him. Well, I just mentioned that. I know you don't care. And the chicks too. All three of them. Really? No, there's a bunch. 6008 votes on a pool. I bet your Carlos is pretty excited about that. We had the what do we have on Friday. Capasca is a. Wow. Which of these things will you remember most about this a racket tack. We asked on the aroundjews.com. We still have those gross pictures on it, which everybody does need to see whether you like it or not. So you can get a real good idea. What does what war is really all about as opposed to this very sanitary thing with all these glorious photo opportunities. And there was just a number of statistic on a page. I know it's terrible to say, but we invaded them. They weren't going to invade us. They weren't any threat to us. They weren't any threat to the bridge or anybody else. And we still haven't found any weapons of mass destruction. We found some pesticides. We did find some pesticides. So if we're bugging the people, we can like eliminate. They could have sold those to the terrorists and they could have put them in our water. That's a good point. And of course they could have put it in their water if they had any. Since 199 votes the biased reporting maturity. We've already made you 170 to say that 29.2%. The great job by a military one-to-weight. The Iraqi information ministers daily comedy 105. The thousands of dead that wounded people 93. That should be number one by a mile. Of course, but you're insensitive. Vashes. We understand that. Taring down to statues of Sodom 78. The looting in chaos 23. The rescue of the POW is like the seven we got yesterday. And the Sodom doubles doing photo ops only seven. I guess clown Sodom is a hegany at hired. But the Iraqi information minister, where were he was. I'm telling you he was a whole letter letter men and letter men. Right. The do not ever routines about him. He's great. He'd be the best man. Put him on TV. Okay. Help tell you how great President Bush is. These are rocket science. We could work for that. Exactly. Do you have $2,000 more on a credit card? If so, listen to this. Dedicated consumer counseling will help you to cost you nothing. Dedicated is a nonprofit company to contact the company's well money to and they can cut your payments in half. Call this number. Please do yourself a favor. Call 1-800-4. No debt. That's 1-800-4 and the letters. N-O-D-E-B-T. Dedicated will help you. Culture interest rate. Eliminate your late fees and save your credit and cost you nothing. The bank pays dedicated and you pay zero. So if you're like a and we can say zero. So if you're tentatively credit card debt called Dedicated right now 1-800-4 and no debt. That's no debt. Call and find out how Dedicated can help you out. You've got nothing lose if you've had it with credit card debt. High interest rates and late fees. You've dedicated consumer counseling to try and ill handle it from there. Call Dedicated right now 1-800-4 no debt. And don't forget it cost you as they say in the showbiz. Zipany-Doodle call 1-800-4 and no debt for Dedicated consumer counseling. My and local year sports video 560-U.A.M. Oh you're so big. The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dominate people killed with the gas that we sold him. First time a crescer nation had the only one that's going. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going. Or get a mouth Korean. The new thereto can never be right. Queen is feeling it over and over into our debt. Daddy rag has some. Memphis of Memphis structure. The home of Yamaki. The other way he out. The way the second. 3000 people killed. Our now forgotten. Let's exploit him instead. Hey there's oil to be content. Going after Saddam to playing Hado Samma. There's no longer mention of the name in lawless. But no deceit concern. And be in complacent. Believe in every word of this cartel in administration. That controls us by fear through me. The amount of information and the right wing is thrilling. It over and over and do our heads. Daddy rag has some. Weapons of Memphis structure. Oh my. The last civil revolution. The loss of civil rights is done. Right that were paid. We're all suspects now. Not the ice-croft is seen. I have nothing to hide. Table partners all are safe. I know beauty and cattle don't have any reservations. Bought a provoked battle and world annihilation. Old regime must fall. And have a virgin and stoke. With no objection at all. Till the crap don't have a fall. And the right wing is thrilling. It over and over and do our parade waspens. I rag has some. Weapons of Memphis structure. Only I rag has some. Weapons of Memphis structure. Oh my God. Okay. Now listen. Let's make a list of all the countries in the world that have weapons of mass destruction. We think or pretty sure. Okay. France. Right. Germany. Russia. China. North Korea. Laxinburg. Netherlands. And Doran. Finland. Greece. Canada. Italy. Mexico. Okay. We don't have any. Mexico. I think they're in your apartment. I'm here. Right on my seat. Honey like that. You little spik bastion. Anyway, that seems to be the new thing. And this guy was on there before was a hot gun about to. Wow. Did all they got to do is bring up the same thing. And the Congress will roll from play dead. Which they probably will. You really believe that they're going to like sit still for this. No. Yes. Huh? How many times is this line going to work anyway? Anyway, we've got a man of great stature from coast to coast coming up next. Ran into with the airport at MIA yesterday. He's coming in from Detroit. I'm leaving for Toronto. And there he is with a look on his pushman. Talk about green lizards. Seriously. We're going to new name for him. You know we're off the red those reindeer. Yeah. We got mad dog. The red nose dolphin. Next. Bye. Bye. Yeah. I'm five six. I'm going to get my own for my day. I put John. Really gets my panties and a lot.