The of you want to give you some tickets to the I hate the mess and I know you won't come from Toronto, but I was thinking I just leave you two seas Like remember how Terry Glandle used to leave Elvis a couple tickets at the window. Yeah, I'll just leave you a couple tickets that you will leave me four seats Okay, I got a big ass. I got to cover four big ass seats for me. Oh for the ones in that I hate the mess right behind the plate And in three weeks Neil and having a Johnson most of Jesus night We can see my asses as biggest puddle Rodriguez, but I don't think so I got a new puddle jersey yesterday work like 200 bucks. I'm selling it to some guy in a corner for 400 I'm doing anything in a bigger ass. Sid for Nandis or Pudge Rodriguez. I think you do No, you haven't seen my sitting for a best beer Charlie Hayes had the biggest ass of any athlete or human being I've ever seen remember to kind of play third base. Oh a Cecil fielder Oh, his ass was I mean, I think it was his cousin Yeah, Charlie Hayes cousin. They both had big asses and their wide asses were the size of Rubin's Statters ass. So let me ask you and most in the really bonded great now So far this golf thing is getting to be you guys Michael out on the tour together Listen, he's a great golfer. I just like going to his Jewish club and drinking free beer all day and hanging with blackie There you go. Have a good day We'll make a real liberal body. Yeah Lay down on my phone All right Hi, this is Hillary Clinton. I hope when you run out to buy my book you won't be too shocked to discover I have a fat ass swinging under my skirt, but you can't blame Bill. He's certainly not gay I just had the credentials every politician needs to feel wife of convenience and it's pretty much ended with that Bill is such a horned out he probably would have never noticed I had man like anyway and Chelsea Well, you buy my book you can meet all about the affair I had with Sandra Bernharden our lunch aisle now I wasn't born a Democrat I switched parties after looking in the mirror and seeing the body of Tip O'Neill So by my book now because I can never have enough if you order a copy today I will personally autograph the all-news brackets to fall down Today's sentence from Hillary's book where we live to the audience no charge One sentence at a time. I think this is great. We're gonna save you 28 bucks. Are you violating copyright laws by no I'm not okay Go to do this on the NPR don't they read like crap? Yeah, they will bored you. They right I wasn't born a wife or mother Wait a minute, what are we gonna? Okay, here we go. That was just an April freeze from yesterday remind you where we left off I was born an American in the middle of the 20th century a fortunate time in place That's it. Oh my god that sentence number four from Hillary's book one sentence at a time and believe me that's more than enough It's amazing how all these people are rushing out to buy the book but nobody really gives a crap about her I know what that really means do No gossipy hands. I think well, let's give away some more tickets for Feralza game What do you say give you else have the lines raw still ringing? Nope. He caught on quick didn't he? Free tickets baby. That's what that's what they'll call for free tickets Take it line WQAM They had up oh they hung up damn it But they were all like frantically calling in their right at the end for free tickets It's amazing to me how the majority of people and then the price for the tickets at the baseball is very Marginal not like a total football game or hockey game where you have to spend like hundreds of dollars to take your family Again, you get some pretty reasonably priced tickets just that nobody cares So the difference between pages to few bucks for a ticket or getting it for free. It just a Stead shocking how can you be such a bunch of free loaders? It's amazing to me Come to seriously stop and think about that. No, I don't want to it's like saying all the here's a whole bunch of free passes from a Donald woo have he do the man Here's a bunch of tickets for some crystal burgers man how many? About 30 That's just like can you imagine we if we had that stuff to give away the phones to be like a solid all of the look at that there There they go. WQAM ticket line What do you get away for free? How many do you want tickets? For where I don't care anything you want what do you want? How you doing okay? Listen Yeah Hello, I'm listening I'm right here. Yeah, sit right in my house here Why if you're like it? Very in heat. We're in heat. We've got two toes and didn't mosquitoes. Okay have a great day, pal. I He had a lot to say hey don't forget our hot couples contest. We got a lot of couples not Say we got at least a dozen when you about Tanned at least and at least 10 or 12 we got Greg and Stephanie are the latest contestants We got your pictures. I just mentioned that so the people know that we got to stop And I should mention also that today and tomorrow and over the weekend I'll open up who's gonna be checking over the weekend but they can get him in there and then Monday morning Before the show starts that's the deadline. This coming Monday June 16th will be the deadline by 10 a.m And then we'll put the pictures up on the web voters can choose their favorite you have a solid week to vote for which couple to think is the hottest and then on Monday June 23rd at 10 a.m. a and a couple of the most votes wins and The top prize will be either your choice 3 day 2 night stay for 2 a.m. We're always as resort and casino at Bahamas with round trip airfare on liquor air or 3 day 2 night stay for 2 a.m. and 2 or 3 in Jamaica, man. I'll include some transfers food, Rincotouities entertainment no airfare and third prize dinner for 2 with the pizza lock that other thing He waited too long. It was just forget about it Right right Mom, no, he just waited too long. Fat boy. I mean you keep the dittalness around and drag it us around nothing I've ever happened so third prize will be dinner for 2 with the pizza lock And that's so the name of the game and then we're gonna win on school winter round no win Monday June 23rd at 10 a.m. right Pull yesterday we asked and the audience did not like this pool. That's very obvious Of course if we didn't have enough a little bit sooner We might have had some more votes, but they didn't like the pool. We should have probably put never saw any of these right or or Maybe they saw some of these but they didn't think that they were gross at disgusting for example There's a lot of us that saw the exercises didn't find it disgusting or gross or any there was just a great movie You know those of us who actually had peace soup don't like peace soup at all The most disgusting gross or vulgar movie ever made was faces of death any or all of them parts one through 5000 287 votes yesterday Pink flamingos one oh seven didn't see it Jack asked the movie you know we're all looking away this list changed around jack asked the movie 77 Texas chainsaw master of 58 natural board killers 57 train spotting Man 54 don't watch it. I'm begging you do not watch it The xs is 46 Collegial of 43 Now work and I get a copy of that I don't know anymore. You might have to get a previously viewed copy Maybe from from eBay Ram is like because it's old and I don't know if you can get the original x-rated version anymore I really don't know I sure hope so Freddy got fingered 42 Hannibal 41 724 the fly 22 I Schmidt on your grade 21 and after that it's way on down the racer head at 13 Stand by me had 10 I still forget what the reason is that was supposed to be so gross He was telling a story about a pine a various on his hands. I don't know Puking yeah Your whole audience wound up puking with a big pukest the audience wound up puking from it The audience in the movie Of the piding contest. Oh, I see what you're saying. I stand by me was in I was like a little kitty movie was right when River Phoenix was about three years old And a lot Look at this look for the QM fan that a new till one at fast train at 5555 West Flyers street mining Stop by to win free Marlins tickets courtesy of the real yellow pages from bell saw the Mitcheman guillabeter new to one at fast train 5555 West Flyers street in Miami now you notice that we actually got the address of one of the fast train locations That's cuz me girls doing a promotion right this cuz Miguel is doing appearance there and we're up to promo Because it was up to Todd rec who's a count that is and it spends a fortune with us on this radio station We love like crazy if it was up to him we wouldn't get the address or any other information Other than the craft that he gives us as an excuse for copy Todd everybody hates you like poor is okay. Why did you get the message? But we're really concerned about his defect that Ferrell is sucking up to Howard so bad is that you know He might want to stick around and actually get up at 230 in a morning every day. That's what we're worried about even mufflers tell me that this morning You notice Yeah, I guess nobody said the memo to To Scott yet About the immobusness. Wow, you know, they're golfing guys. They're golfing buddies. They like a lot of there in the wackin it around a little bit together Lot of guys like to in that I just I just don't understand that I we were discussing that all morning before the show about this whole golfing of Session I don't I don't get it. Nope. I try when you started telling me about some of your stoner friends Where should go out and play golf that weird as below is me away. I just I don't get it Neither I try Because generally when I think about people that play a lot of golf It's people who have too much time on her hands people that are bored with life People I just want to go out there and you know get through And she moves smoother smoothers and losers and cruisers Anyway, if you want some tickets to for rals now see we don't even know anything about that. No, what is that called the hate the metz night or something like that? See we have no idea no It's not a station thing is it's something that Scott's doing him. I think he pulled it right out of his hand. He pulled a lot of his hands Oh brother speaking of transporting Can you imagine all the places he's been just I want to get him? He doesn't carry a briefcase Maybe he can go with nothing. You can get a two for one deal when he goes for his colonoscopy next week Here's the appolded a you're not gonna do other just this one last time then I have one other one after this Well, I do that other one I mentioned it's pretty good. I want to give it away. No, don't But I think this one we've been on the edge of this The worst or most disappointing movie ending ever was And like I said before if you go to a movie new invest an hour and a half two hours sometimes three hours or more of your time and the ending is just Like what? And I'll give you my choice right now Donnie D'Arco I'm actually not here today after I saw a couple days ago, nobody even knows calls because the people that recommended for me to see it there embarrassed And then everybody else who didn't see it to think and ma thanks for saving me. They are the 30 bucks The worst or most disappointing movie ending ever was I'll put Magnolia down because George was bitching about the ending He loved the movie but he didn't like the ending right, but that's not gonna be my pick Donnie D'Arco, which is my pick for sure and George is pick is six degrees of separation I don't know I do what that is it's bad, but I have a better one We have a better one a bad ending yeah, that that that still doesn't qualify I think I've got the weener Okay, the Blair Witch Project Ooh a practical joke on the audience. I think that might get my vote Okay So in other words, it's like putting in an announcement on the screen. We just we just had you for last hour Yeah, they should have rolled that before the credits I'm not a little like that little disclaimer we put on the end of motion every morning. You just been had for last three all right The worst or most disappointing movie ending ever was Magnolia Donnie D'Arco, six degrees of separation of the Blair Witch Project. Now I'm positive. I'll get some suggestions for this list if we don't we might as well just close up shop You bring I agree We got a big ball game come up today. That's the good news. Okay Marlins on deck at one thirty Yeah, we're gonna have our bonus today. We get out of here one thirty Which actually that's a great thing because that opens up a few more avenues for lunch possibilities for yours truly To a clock you got your Marlins at the bros try to sweep that series the brosie just pathetic even worse than the Marlins Then you got the humpers down from about five to seven whatever the baseball game ends the big Tide seven to ten eighty k ten to two a joint mark overnight two two now look at that says two to six That's the crossover hour Hey, carrots you're not going to Omaha. We're just decided to not go neither not only is the beast not going because he's a backstabbing weasel But also uh, carrots can't go because he can't could be schedules right But we're just talking about something as basic as falling out of the second and morning something as simple as like it and laid currents And he can't do it To the six my ass although Joe wants that five to six hour back mode big time. He wants it back bad 10 13 at five 60 W Q M. You know hurricane seasons here So before storm hits you put up shutters to protect the windows and doors of your home But what about the roof of your house the so may paint factory makes roof Manstick it's a roof coating that can't be hurricane proof your roof So may's roof master could save the hundred roofs during hurricane Andrew while I'm protected roofs Or peeling and flying away and blowing down a road like crazy So may also has waterproof coatings very kind of roof under the sun call me call so may paint factory So M.A. Y at 305 633 6333 33 these so may paint factories the oldest quality paint waterproof coating manufacturer in the entire state of Florida So may will save you money because they eliminate the middle man markups They sell everybody at wholesale prices that are 60% lower than what you'd pay for national brands and retail stores So protect your home and property from south lotus tough top of a climate with the best paints and waterproof Covent coating at the best prices call the so may paint factory 305 633 6333 or five amount of web at so may dot com don't forget you save a ton of cash when you buy directly So may paint factory and be sure and tell me no tour to the call 305 633 6333 9 Could you even know oh Oh, woman make me a bite beyond the edge. She knock up a bra. This world's going to be a better place with more litter round. You'll find a black into laundry ass. While she's losing stinky birth bile and using some ointment-to-cax contractions to pump that milk from her now-distant boobs. So why should she have all the fun? Whoop! What's this? Wow. Introducing the lactation pump for men. It's so easy to use. Place one end of the device there. Oh. And we will the magic you've been missing for months. And everything else you'll miss for years to come. Oh. The new lactation pump for men. But the good thoughts are going to happen, Eltois. You can tell if it's else. It's going to happen. 10, 19, at 5, 60, at WDQAM. Here's a call from Delray Beach, hello. Hey, man, what's up? How you doing, sir? You know, the thing about the beef, the fact that we have is just something around. Finding, get that gone with the hurricanes. You know, the guy gets blown off of someone just like he did with Howard Davis when you put him on the air. And he did me come across with the good, wrong thing, you're waiting all the listeners. You know, and he comes on and starts talking about social issues with women. And the work of all of it, I'm out here seeing pools. And my wife calls him up and we're sucking up to him on the phone. Okay, I'll just see your face on. And I was sitting there waiting for the Howard Davis stuff. And what do I get? The beef is a wavelength, a little suckhold who opponents, the parent like a honeybee that goes from one flower to another. Wherever he is, he's pollinating in your face now. He'll go right down the hall stab you in a back and pollinate the next guy he's talking to. He's a bad dude. He's here. He really bad news. We really gave him every chance out of the sun on this show. We gave him a chance to lose all of that weight. He lost 60 pounds. Then he started screwing around and embarrassed himself on our sponsor. And then, you know, put him on here on that Thanksgiving show last year. And it was just the worst piece of crap I've heard in my life. And he's just, you know, a bad guy. I mean, a lot of people are good on the air. But it's just another thing to be a bad stab or an affony, which is what the business. He wants, you know, he'll go anywhere and be on anybody show and suck up their face. You know, he had the opportunity of a lifetime if he would go on your show. But he doesn't belong on the air. See, that you're missing at point. He don't belong on there. He can't put it. He's strictly a UN Mopunk. He's a big fat pussy. There you go. Yeah. Have a great day. Okay, there's a guy going to like to beast. I mean, it's just the way he is. It's not because he's on for real show. I mean, for all comes at a town they stick somebody on there. He didn't have no choice. And in addition to which when you come in from out of the picture, you don't know what's happened before you got your ass there. You know what I'm saying? He doesn't know the background. He'll learn just like motel them. He'll learn. It's one area I got to agree with Moe Lam. Where it comes to the beast. Look at this tremendous response on our pole today. Man, it's shocking in it. Blow it away. I know something. I don't care because I've done a lot of pulls in my time. Believe me. I know my pull. And I've done good ones and bad ones and in between with. But this is a really good question. This is, I mean, this is the, like the culmination. All this movie talk we've done for weeks. This is what it's all about. What are you going to movie for? The entertainment beginning, the meat in the middle. But the ending is the, that's it. That's what he makes it satisfying or not. It's like sex. I mean, all the foreplay and in between. That's fine. But the ending. Squirt score. That's what it's all about. And if it's on says factory ending. Then what was the point in the first place, right? Right. Here's our only call. It's in Miami. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. My name is suggestion for war's ending. Yes. If a teen movie would, when I was in high school. But I mean, it's always, I was remembered. It's the last American version. Okay. It was a unhappy ending, but it was a good quality ending. Right. Oh, I'm, I'd expect that the end to the, it was a basically, but it was the end. Look, this is where I get the audiences of Phenene. Not just yours, George and Beiner Boy. Okay. Got it, Tom. Okay. The worst or most disappointing ending in a movie ever was. That's the question. Got it. And I think we can put our list on there because we're not going to get any more suggestions. The phone is, no, no, seriously. This is again, just another shocker to me. Let's give away some free tickets. Oh, what do you say? That's what we ought to do. Let's give away some more guides and free tickets. See, I don't, I can't, I, it makes me sick to my stomach. It makes me nauseous. It makes me want to puke. Because I've been in this town for so God damn long. And I've seen the way that nobody shows up at almost anything unless they're given away a bottle head doll or some other free a piece of crap or they give it the tickets for free. And then, of course, a lot of times when they do give you the tickets for free, the people still don't show up anyway. Because you're, you're only motivated to attend some event, whether it's a concert or a sporting event. You're only motivated to disagree that you paid for it. See what I'm saying? Yep. But if you've got it free, if I come see come soft, something else better comes along. If there's a cloud in this guy, if, you know, train spotting his on TV on the Disney network or something like that, then you're not going to go to the ball game. But I mean, we're not talking about a lot of money. Government bands, Perry dog sales calls for smallpox vaccine to control monkeypox. I might just do well bedtime stories today because I'm so grossed out by this lack of response. But I think it's a fabulous poll question. Don't tease. What? About the bedtime stories. No, I just might because we only have a three and a half hour show anyway. Because the Marlon pregame is at one thirty. We've got a short show. I thought we'd get phenomenal response on this because they're kind of me. I mean, how many movies do you go to that we have an ending that you say? That was fine. You know what I'm saying? Precious few of it. So, right. Right. It's frustrating because even the great directors like we said the other day have a difficult time and wrap it up. How do we bring this to a set of? And I'm not talking about movies that have alternate closings like Fable of traction. I don't go for that. I don't go for that. It's like it's like a ball game. Well, you know, we're trying to make everybody happy. Well, both teams win. We'll replay the bottom of the night thinning. No, you should understand. First we'll play it so the home team wins. Then we'll play it so the visiting team wins. So we make everybody happy. Yeah, that's right. Everybody's happy. That's it's stupid. And I'm sure that I don't have it because I've already seen a movie 20 times. It's a good movie, but I don't want to see fatal attraction again. And I don't want to see an alternate eventing. I know the way it ended in the movie that I saw it. And it just broke. And that was it. That's enough. The US government banned the sale of Prairie dogs prohibited the importation of African Rodents and recommended small podcasts yesterday for people who are supposed to monkey Fox, the exotic African disease that spread from pet Prairie dogs to humans and you keep insisting or they're not really Prairie dogs, but they're a rats. Gambian rats. So good. I wanted a chance to say that again. Gambian rats. Yeah. Remember that movie? Would you be kidding me when you said you can be in rat? I never said that. Now he never did say that. And just like a carry grant never said you'd be. They do. So where did they? And also I'm Arlene D. Pregniversaire. Was it Marlene D. Pick or what's your name? I think come up and see me sometime. May west. May west. P. Ever said that either. Nope. And also play it again, Sam. B. Humphrey Bogar never said that. He said, don't pull her up that joint. That's right. But he did not say come up and see me. Well, I get it. All runs together, you know. All these made up lines. A small podcast I seen can prevent monkey pops up to two weeks after exposure to virus. But it's most effective in the first four days. Nobody's died from it, by the way. It's the first outbreak of a monkey pops up in Western Hemisphere. And oh yeah, you're right. Here it is. The Department of Agriculture will be in charge of enforcing the Prairie dog ban, which also prohibits transporting the animals, Gambian rats, and five other types of large African rodents were banned because of Gambian rat is believe that spread of virus to Prairie dogs, which are actually rodents in our native to the American plain. So you're wrong. They're not Gambian rats, but they're like a member of the family. Sorry. See. Well, what kind of a pet do you have? Rat, rat, Gambian rat, right? Like I said, they got these wonderful things. They're dogs and cats and mine are birds and mine are tourists and hummingbirds and as we've got. They have rat sized dogs. So if you're going to have a one-of-gettie, right? Why so such a cute little dog the other day was walking on the street and some of, you know, people had the, because it's beautiful weather by the way. Not waning. But the shop owners had like little tables outside. But it was like a little, I don't know who was a husky or just a cutest little dog. And it's something to me think about that dog thing again. I'm not going to do it. Don't. Don't be a problem. You don't want to be in comfort. That's right. I travel a lot. I don't want to be in comfort. I've got a tie, giant up in a house all the time with some stinking dog. But in the course, you got the boofo toes about now again. Right. They got in Florida. That's bad. That's a really turned to me to have an dog is the boofo toes. It's always every time you let the dog out, you got to run around out there and look. If I could tell you the number of times. Oh, God. I hate those damn things. Thanks to the University of Miami for bringing us those experiments many years ago. And the accrate fell off of the guy that I'm playing. They run loading the plane that they my a and a bunch of boofo toes from South America. Can you want hopping out into the Everglades? Never. That's what you got. That's why you dog is dead. Some of you people. I'll be soon you of him. Gotta hit you of him. Look at the give us the beast too. Boofo toes in the beast. Ever seen the two in the getter? Same creature. 1027 at 560 WQA and had to tell you one thing fast train can up you get out of your dead and job and get you a real life. That's how good they can do for you because fast train can have you fully trained in the computer industry and ready for a new high pain computer career in just four short months. You can turn your life around, turn it right around. That's what must say. Turn that baby right around. Carl will say. Okay. No excuse to stay in your dead end job. No more your new career in phone call. It's just one full call for sure. It must be a way because they have locations all over town. In Miami, Kable for love and on Pembroke Pines is going to be one convenient to where you are. Fast train offers you job placement assistance financial aid. Convenient paid me we can classes. So quit working for minimum wage quit working at a job or not going anywhere in your paychecks and burrsing. Get to our real life and a real career in a big fat paycheck. Jump on the fast train today. Call them tool free one eight six six fast train or check them out on the web at fasttrained.com. My best local is 6560. Ready your door down. I'm a QA in. Brilliant dumb as girish. I make a pen with my bad ass sitting down. Walk your little dude. I just go home to use my train order pill and buy my own beer. I say all my soul's my face. All the fun things that I speak. Like a pops and friends. I believe they're my friends. And they're really narrowed out things. You're asshole. I know it's true. Convenient paid me we can't even get to the point. I know that they're in the white house as a group of the Lord. I love my God. My money is gone. That's what I've played for. I say it's not a win. But I have no friends that have no watch. I should be alright until they come for me. I know it's true. Convenient paid me. I have the paint and it's true. I have the paint and it's true. I have the paint and it's true. I have the paint and it's true. I think we ought to have more to our money. It's just the same old crap. I've been sitting on it for about 100 years. It's just the same old stuff and it's used in the herbs. I don't know what to do. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. I've never been to a house. What's it like to do to Winomiffle? I've never been to В'il more than K operations.osasquWitch with you. to me. Rather than stars stripes there to make you feel patriotic, you know what's so idiotic, it's a reason for a deal of the fall, what's the new strong with them? And they take the thinking sail, the way they feel the bell, to find an option. You'll see cars on stage, and flyers in your middle, I think they got it made, like they've under three tails. This Saturday, it's a big day, but you didn't know that did you? It's flag day? No, I didn't. I guess I didn't get a big one? A big tattoo of a flag, right on my ass. I'm gonna get a big tattoo, and put it right on your forehead, okay, and be a real patriot. Now you say, don't know if you'll be able to read this, this story that you facts me that somebody sent in the answer. Right now, plus it's a kind of leavesy, with a lot of pick-on. Doctor Rice, do we? They show? Get all them people all whipped up again, sure we do. Bitch. David Boca says, oh, that was the article from the Washington Post, is that the one that kind of leaves it thing? Thanks, Dave, but I can't read it. It's a bad copy, it's George's fault. Plus, I don't have time to read a lot of bedtime stories. You realize we haven't even got to the VH1 thing, the list? Oh, God. Anyway, oh, I hate that thing. I know, see, if I wanted to be Mr. Cool, which I'm not, and I never will be, and I've never had been. See, there are some people that go through life, and they want to be Mr. Cool. I'm just in a little fart, I'm a fat old Jew, you know? And it's just the way it is. I've never got to be cool, and I've never dreamed of being cool. I don't want to be cool to me. To me, people who tell you that they're cool, they are not cool, see? Follow them, say? Yeah. They're not cool. They're not cool. See? Follow them, say? Yeah. Somebody's cool, you know it. They don't have to go through all kinds of directions to prove it to you. But you just don't say that you don't like that song. And especially, Jocac still awake out of a deep sleep and come in and start beating people up just because he pissed off. At least Carlos, he's about the only one small enough from to beat up. Because there's an Urvana and smells like teenage smegmami, that's like, oh, you can't not today. You just can't say it. Or you're about as uncool, you're as square as a cardboard box. And you're about as square as a cardboard box. You're entitled to like it, but I don't like it. I don't like it. I'm not saying that everybody who likes that song does it to pretend to be cool. But if you dare say that you don't like it, that guarantees that's like the final stamp on your forehead where you're going to put the American flag. That's the stamp on my forehead. It says, this man is Mr. uncool. And I say, I'm proud to be that old, fact. Right, that's me. And I'm very proud of it. Anyway, Tracey and Kendall says, Good morning, my vote is for the movie to work to any monsters balls, monsters ball. It was an A for all of these natters. I'm not writing them down. I'm just assuming since you guys are really right on top of it in your all over Ericsson. The worst ending is monsters ball. A weak movie would smitty dialogue. I suffered through it only to come to a lifeless ending. But I thought it was fine. I was thinking about recommending it. Do you want a good thing about it is, where Heath Ledger and Halle Berry's award winning T-S, other than that, forget about it. It says Tracey and Kendall. Heath Ledger. What the hell is she talking about? Oh, that was where early on in the movie. Anyway, I'm right down anyway. You both saw monsters balls? Yeah. Oh, it's speaking of monsters balls. I was just thinking, you know, the guy that called it early on to show was written to Beast. This is really great. T-Score, I love that call. Uh, I'm thinking that since parents in a Beast need to what I'm getting it laid. I'm thinking maybe the two of them. Two of them. They're pretty tight. They both have that you went thing in cold. They're both silly. They're both silly. They're all kind of people, but I mean, don't go hard. See, two later, I already got the image. Yeah. Well, we know who'd be on a bottom. We do? I'll give you a clue. Oh, yeah, never the big guys don't. He's not going to be on top. Are you kidding me? He couldn't even move it. He's not. He's not. Can't you just see Clarence Mountain, please? Huh? I'll bow, but she's thinking about it right now. He's sitting in his ors and she's right now. It is a little applied wood desk, thinking about it. You know, something that might not be too bad in the dark. Of course, it'd be quite a challenge to find a right or a fit. I love you to a make the attack. You think you could find the right orifice? Crouching tiger hidden dragon, somebody says, I never heard of that. Is that all the name of the movie? Yeah, that's the name and was big. Oh, my soft ones ring it. It must be the beast, your bookie. They go through all this trouble to make an antidote and they hero dies anyway. Then the grilled dives off a bridge and floats down to where death horrible ending. He's ending for as you won't have to waste your time seeing it. Got these down? Got it, crouching tiger. Cast away it says, had a stupidity. Oh, this is Tim Pots. He's not put his name on him anymore, but he's a sin of facts. Let me just... Sorry, sorry. Sorry. But we'll put it down anyway, Tim, just because if we don't put it down, you'll cry a lot and go back and cry a mommy shoulder. Poor Tim. Cast away, had a stupidity. I like them when we would be left, left you wondering what the F was at all about. I don't like that. I don't like investing that time and getting emotionally involved and like, huh? Okay, what is this? And that's exactly what happened with Donny Durko. It was last five minutes or enough to just send you off the deep end. I mean, it was... You didn't see it either one of your friends. Oh, I'm not going to now. Good, good choice. Excellent choice. The worst or most disappointing movie ending ever. Ever. Blair Witch Project 60. Marcus... Marcus Matrix. Matrix reloaded. 26. Vanilla Sky 12. Magnolia 9. Minority Report 5. Last American Virgin 5. Donny Durko is only up 3 and it's a small path to this after that. 560560. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon marvelous line. Here's a call from the Redlands. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you, sir? I'm doing great. Okay. I've been here for a while. I forgot. I called it. I called it. Give you a movie. It was a long-assalam movie. I think I've ever watched my life. And it just ended. Like, where it started. Okay. It was called the last emperor. This has been quite a few years. It might be ten or twelve years ago. Okay. The three armory. And you keep thinking, you know, this is going to change. This is going to change. And it's also this like over. And then I got another idea. Well, I don't want somebody else called in on the vanishing. No one moved the movie. Is vanishing point? No. I can't even get buried. Somebody I can't even name. Very good wire. No, no. Can you get a reaction? Very jackass. Yeah. Do I know what? It just ended so badly. And you know, the threat of the whole movie you think this guy is going to turn to a hero. And then it just goes away. Yeah. I hate that. I hate very too. I don't know which one. But whoever does I can't stand him. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. I'm a great thing. 5 6 7 0 5 60 lot of these movies man. It's going to be a long list. I believe me. It's going to be a long list. Because there's a lot of movies that and I will say this. A lot of mediocre movies also that get worse at the end. By the way, do you think it might get better? And then the ending is even worse. That you're hoping that'll pull it up. But generally speaking, I think most of us are really this made by movies that really have so much promised and then you get to those last five or ten of critical moments to climb ash quarts going in and at the end of it, you know. Kind of like Debbie does Dallas. 5 6 7 that was a good movie. Never saw it. I keep trying to turn you on to Bambi Woods. I don't want to talk about Britney Spears in the way you made Bambi Woods or somebody you must check on. She probably about 80 years old now. But he's a curious. Huh? Maybe her teeth come out now. She was a fine young blonde lady. She was one of those blondes that Charlie on passions would like to do away with. He's still not watching passions. And Sheridan is down in the pit. Poor Sheridan is down there in the pit and a precious amount of the monkey that's him and Mrs. Wallace are sitting up there helpless eating popcorn while Charlie is laughing a lot off her throw and Sheridan down in the pit. It was a long fall. She never broke a bone. She never. She got that baby. She's waiting on. No problem. I'm sure you go girl. Sam Town you that you're missing a good stuff. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. So the funny issue on TV bar none. There's nothing that's even closed. Not even a close second to passions. Oh, but it's a soap opera. Well, it's not really a soap opera. It's a comedy show. Here's plantation. Hello. Anyhow you doing. Pretty good sir. All right. Maybe I was just too big to understand the ending. Maybe George can explain it. Probably. Melancho. Oh. You need to see it again. You'll get it. George needs to see it again. I was just really late. I actually saw twice when I still didn't get it. Yeah. You just. You just explained anything. If we do we'll root it for everybody. Yeah, but it's for everybody. But it's a thing to do is if you've already seen it. What you have. Go out and get the DVD. Have the DVD? No, I'm not. Oh. Go on. Get to double set the. The big thick set. And the second disc. If you go on the eX dot com thing. There are Easter eggs on it. And it's a way that you can watch them. We'll be in chronological order. So it really starts at the beginning. And it goes back with thing. And then it's a piece of cave. Then you know exactly what it was all about. Wonderful. Okay. Thanks again. Thank you. Now he's right. If you don't. I mean, if you're not one of those people who like his kind of backward thinking like us. Maybe that's why we could relate to it. Because we like our backward thinking. Well, what's standing upside down when I watched it. Yeah. That always helped. Well, the guy said it was half fake when he watched it. Of course. So we're going. I was totally. No. I was going to be baked in a half five six seven five six. Five six seven five six. Pond five. Or maybe that Ben and Jerry's half for what's in him in that ice cream is a called half baked. Half out. No, you know what I'm talking about. Oh, no. God, you can't win it. What do you mean you don't know. I don't like. I used to use crude ice cream section like some people look into flavors. I do. I do. And sometimes I've been resist a kept my honor. I resist it sometimes. Not very often. No, I've got an ice cream. I've got a sugar problem. You know that. I'm not a two prod attend to that. Look at poor David Brinkley he died and I'm a dot ring old far myself. I got in fact one eyeball this morning is down about where my larynx is. I can see you like the guys at the adult bookstore, but in the ice cream section with your trench coat. Yeah. That's true. I do her trench coat when I go and check out the initially turtle ice cream. I kind of turtle when I see a bigger container when those double two leader jobs. I can't they make that in pines. Yeah. All the stuff that I like. They make either a half gallons or about pretty shoulda going to have like a gigantic. I've like a gigantic tubs you know like an at looking a keg. Oh, here's a four pound container. Come here. I like the crap that I don't like you can get that like a little tea. You know like a hog and does makes it which I hate agon does, but they make these little teeny tiny we ever seen them. Yes. They're like like little dixie cups. Remember in school used to get that ice cream with like little they have the little player lid that you peel off and there's like about a thumb full in there. Chocolate and vanilla. Woo. Pretty tempting if you ask me. Wow. I could handle that if it was something I'd like but you can't get really good flavors like and just a little bit to satisfy you have to buy like a tub like a half a got like a two leader if you're just you buy a tub. And that's me. And how about the beast and clearance by the way I heard that they're already on a wire talking about it. They're on the line. That's what I'm hearing. You know maybe we can plan when he gets ladd and Anthony to take it. Well, oh, to take it. All right. Can you imagine money we can raise still on that on our website? No. Who would buy that and clearance mounts the beast? 1113 at 560 WQMOT. You ought to well mount right over to barbecues galore because they've got an unbeatable selection of grills all summer long. You're going to be grilling it cooking it heating up your meat. And of course they are grills that I'm talking about are ones that you find exclusively in these two great stores called barbecues galore. This way check out the incredible deal on the three burr barbecues chef. A barbecues galore exclusive it's only $199 bucks. With 42,000 VTUs is $625 square inch cooking area and built in hooked thermometer. You just can't beat this deal for a liquid propane grill. For our new tradition list out there check out the new beef master charcoal grill. Another barbecues galore exclusive. Can you imagine how much they would have enjoyed that if they would have had that net. What's that movie I was starting to watch other day? Trainspotting. No, not trainspotting the one they accountable is the mud. That ravenous. They could cook grimsonous with their steak. They'd be ravenous and grimsonous. Anyway, this one is only $199 bucks. With more than 600 square inches of cooking space, cash down cooking grills and adjustable fire grate and full with ash catcher. Both of these will make a perfect gift for fathers day this Sunday. And speaking of fathers day barbecues galore's got great gift on these for dead and all price ranges. Many of them under 50 bucks for your cheap skates. Barbecues galore carries the biggest selection of barbecues. Accessories including gas, charcoal, smokers, tailgate supplies. All here's the best part of the guaranteed lowest prices. Also, why did they be sure and take advantage of no payment same as cash financing? Till January 2004 on a proof-credit. You'll find stores in plantation university, driving a fountain shopping center. And a cool spring on the corner of Sample and Rock Island road for everything you're going to be needing. All summer long to be heating up that meat. Barbecues galore is on business line and local. We're sports video 5.62. 2AM. The Rogers is my lover. Congratulations. 4. 5. 4. 4. 5. 5. 5. 8. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 4. 5. 5. 5. 5. A rat! I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I will introduce them to the Order of the Union. I wanted them to explain that I will introduce them to the Electronic Li Autumn Soundais. On the夜 island, I was to include them. She does not like this composer. I thoughts about these monarchs. Didn't Minister. Here's Tom, who faxes and says, my choice for your pool is contact with Jody Foster. It has a great story concept, it was very poorly executed, too much religion in the movie, F. religion says Tom, amen. Right on sweetheart. How about you? I was talking about here. Really? Contact, yes. Let's get that on there right away, Bonerboy. Or whatever he's doing all of this, because I'm not writing these down. And we actually have a little bit of a contest going on. Like, Blair Witch Project was going to run away and not so fast. Hold your house as man. Right. This is worse than their minds. The worst or most disappointing a movie ending ever was. And again, keep in mind, we're not talking about the movie itself, but about the ending. Blair Witch Project's 70, matrix we loaded 58. We got a battle on our hands, boys, vanilla sky 14. That means way back to that, Magnodian 9, Talia. Even Bonerboy recently on that, because he knows he better. Yeah. Look how much trouble you had not getting paid this last time. I'll go through that again. Do we dare tell the story about Bonerboy, the ATM? I will say that. No, no, no, no, forget that. Oh man, the same thing. That's the one mind for a while. I'll bring that off. Everybody does that. Yeah, audience needs to know just what a tough life you've got. Day before yesterday was the dog, he, the dog peed on him. And then for your dog. Right. The same one that you lost the week ago. Right. And then, personally, my marking him, I forget what it was yesterday. The car, the car, the noisy, right, the noisy, right. I'm being able to run a car because my life was expired. Right. And then today it was being paid on pay day because George just on our screen of a car in this time. She's waiting to get paid for an clearance, which is a bag excuse. And it had a bar of 100 bucks from George, which is really, when you got a bar money from George, you're this one. I mean, that's really. Yeah. And then, first of the ATM this morning, you little cash. And the ATM sucked up his card. It wouldn't give it back. So you're a deadbeat. You can't have this. So now everything that you told that's direct. Because clearance would like to know where that ATM slot is. Okay. That's how district clearance is for some action. Yeah, but it's sideways. That's okay. He'll, he'll work it out. I had made some of the dirt on Thursday. The little black cloud that was following me around. There's a dark cloud following these guys around. Now it started with Carlos and that's like, Agent over to George. So it's a damn good thing that I'm not there. 75 votes per blerwich project 64 meters reloaded. Five. Now what do we got to do? We got the Marlin game. I already give that. And then Hank is on after the game. Another short show for the hot Superman. He's doing it. Boy, he's going to have the summer of his life. He's on for like 20 minutes one day. And I want to have the next day. I just go on fat. So you're doing it, man. He just really don't forget. Yeah. He's going to have the next. Well, that's right. And if Texas should win a game on Saturday night. At the Eccolans World Series in Omaha, that means that Monday at one. The Hurcunes play at Texas again. Of course, of course, Codes World Series is a double elimination Firmant. So that would be on Monday at one, which means we get an hour off on Monday. Go long hordes go up and down the field. Come on guys. Let's do it. I hate and I hate Texas to our kids stand at team. Football baseball. They just make me nauseous. That whole the hook them horns thing. You know, they do with a fingers. No, I got a finger for him. But in this case, we're rooting for him. Really hard. Even George is going to be our tuned into that game. He's going to be rude to it. Here's a call from my in-e. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Good morning, man. For my call. I'm kind of nervous. Okay, but nevertheless, quick question. When you say I'm moving anything. When you watch a movie, I said up for the sequel. Is that about ending or just regular ending? And the stomach question? Yeah. I do understand your question. That is a good question. Wow. There's a sequel and it's really not the end. I mean, it's right. You can still do both. You can still set up the sequel in a good way. Where it ends like at the end of a chapter for a guide. Okay. So I got flowers. I'm lower the rim. Okay. Okay. You got them down. Okay. Thanks. I don't know if my fingers are going to be able to do it. For example, the matrix is a perfect example of how. What do you mean we're going to have to pay you to write that down? No. It pains me to write that down. Right. Well, okay. Yeah. You got the paper right. That's his opinion. I know, but physical. Lord of the Rings, planet of the apes. We're not going to be politically courageous to make you happy, Mr. Misery Boy. Lord of the apes. Lord of the Rings and planet of the apes. Whatever the hell I was. Wasn't that the planet of the apes and lord of the Rings? I'm trying to say it wrong and I can't do it. Oh, look at the battle we got going out. Blair Witch Project. You thought was a runaway winner, didn't you? Mr. Smarty pants. 75 matrix reloaded. Suddenly it qualifies that I could vote for two. Yeah. Guess what? I didn't see either one of them. So I feel much better. I feel almost redeem now. Very uncool and very square and old, but redeemed. Oh, it's speaking of fags. Man, they're coming. The truth is that with all the SARS business in my car and everybody getting all been out of shape about every illness that's ever been invented and people stay in the way from Toronto. Now that they passed the cane mirage thing here, there's fags flying in. Some of me even on a plane. Oh, it's incredible. They're coming in for all over the world now. There's the energy. Get the hitch. Getting hooked up. Now to the beast in clearance. If you're going to do all of those things, at least let's make it legal boys. Still the point. Six. I can see it. I can't envision a stop. In fact, it's something you do some good artwork for us. We could probably be picked it on our website. Put that, put that Moser right out of business. Sure. Can we hurt you? The Neil Deos keep on rolling from Tom Layland and Joe Prieto. Our good close personal pizons at Halipani Act GMC. Here's Neil. The number one going on right now gets zero percent financing for 60 months on every 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock. The Neil Deos number two get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC in Pontiac and stock. An attention, current and former military personnel get you an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Halipani. Neil Deos number three. At least the new 2004 Grand Prix GT1 for as low as 209 bucks a month. That's a 36 month lease. See these are four details. Or like it says here. Bro details. I didn't know he had time to have a fro. Now at Halipani Test Drive. Any vehicle on the lot for 24 hours. That's right. Take it on. The massage parlour and be contested private for 24 hours. And of course, as always, have it's gotten unbeatable selection of dependable and certified pre-owned car truck SUVs and will not be picky when it comes to your credit if your credit is marginal. Even if it's weak like Beener Boy, they'll still get you to deal with you. Should about your car in Halipani. Halipani at GMC, 134-01, South-Tixie Highway that's you. Us went across from the falls open every day, seven days a week. For more information called the Neil Deos hotline, toll free, one triple eight, five three four four forty two eleven. One triple eight five three four forty two eleven. Don't forget all Neil Deos. Subtit to credit approval. See, Dea for details at Halipani at GMC. And they definitely are professional grades. My. And law. Fixes for 24.05. Anyway. At Dan, they're Kilmemar. From the respected network to brought to you, Inside the actors studio comes a new reality show. Where one eligible bachelor is looking for law. The month 15 hopefuls in search of a soul mate. Except this time, there's a catch. They're all men. And here's another catch. Not all of them are gay. Bravo presents, boy, meets boy. I think I'm going to know when that day ain't going to know. You got to fake it. Well, you know, you walk funny with you walk a little weed. You know, you. You. You. I. Boys. How you doing? All I. I. But it's okay. I. I don't really. It's me. I. Billy. You. I. I. You. You want to go fishing or something? And help me. So romantic. I. When. You look good in them pants. Oh, thank you. So sweet. Yeah. It'll mention. And it's a nice mouth. You're wearing. Well, thank you very much. So what you guys doing now? We're going to go fishing. It's going to be so romantic, Joey. Joel. Yeah, Joel. By the way, Lenin. Yeah. Your ass looks good. Oh, thank you so much. And your sister's leaving. Let me just go get my ride and reel. No, no, no, you don't have to do that. Wait me. I know where your ride is. To my truck. Yeah, but I know where your ride is. I'm not like it when this is going. She's talking about. I don't like where this is going. From by the way, Lenin. Yes. Your eyes is pretty. Come. Yeah. Sweet. I just love you. And. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, Joey. You look like you got a nice, nice pick. Thank you so much. You're so, so nice. I was so fishing. Let me go get my ride and reel. I know what your ride is. Yeah, I'm not here and what you're saying to me. But has it about a quick kiss? Ooh. Maybe those are guys for that. Billy? Bill. We're going to Tom Rahn. Billy, quick kiss. Oh, look. I'm as gay as the next guy. So I'm not saying I hate. I'm a fruitable by the way. I just want to line in. Ih, wham? Hmmo, carries. Jim Tom does. Then it's impossible. No. No, Tom. He's …쉬ум. operators... Our funeral is recordings. We we we we fastest is my vote is for phone booth the movie suck but the ending blue movie suck but the ending blue You see it no never heard of it you got it boner boy phone booth what were the two words? Ascle is one word phone booth is two words. Okay, got it Look at a battle we got going on there matrix reloaded, which came not do you really believe all of those votes? I guess so absolutely okay, they hated the ending 87 blerwood project 80 in vinal sky 16 Ignore 11 in other words. It's a two-hospirase Spectacular bid idea that a two days ago I forgot to mention that yesterday for a deep pressing heard mo was like weeping about it Also should I tell that story about war emblem that Norma Kent called yesterday that fantasy that Romans having oh Yeah Norma's now so obsessed with being a professional queen. He's telling stories about gay horses. Oh, yeah Maybe he's got his eye on a war emblem five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on a A million open lines here on our moving endings, which is shocking in the chucking. It's no disgrace Don't forget to look for the QM van new into one today at fast train 55 55 West Flagler Street Miami stuff. I'd win some free Marlon tickets free courtesy of the real yellow pages from built south and give a massage to him a yellow k massage is ego Here's a call from Boca. Hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir. I'm trying to purge this movie from my memory But it's Paul brought it back to anybody say I think it was called artificial intelligence. No You remember did you see that you ever heard of it? It was bad and then it ended really horrible I Sucked into this movie. It was like real futuristic with robots and all kinds of stuff like that and the ending was just so childish and ridiculous I threw my TV out the window. Oh, yeah, it was terrible Okay, pali we got you down. Hey, yeah, as far as Nirvana goes I'm an old part like you Rock yeah I'm telling you they refuse to cow cow to the corporate Music world that wanted everybody to sound alike sing alike have the same sound and song They just said through that and just did their own thing. Oh, there smells like Dean spirit. That's Awesome Everyone I'll send you coffee right now. Have a great day. Hey everybody likes that Everybody likes that teenage smuggling. That's what he said Well, the reason I brought that up is because VH1 and it pains me to do this because VH1 is you know They are what they are List of the best songs of the past 25 years the best hundred songs of the past 25 years and I still say any list of anything That goes beyond like maybe 10 or 25 maybe about 30, you know But beyond that how do you differentiate between what's the 31st best this song? What's the 35th see what I'm saying? Oh, it's big difference. Well, what was it ever between number 98 and number 99 about this much? In fact number 98 is handsome You ready for that between the Clarence beast imagery your country and 99 nor Jones and don't know why Well in fact Clarence had a beast remind me a little bit about handsome new. They're kind of like you're not really sure what they are Is you what I'm saying? Look at that you think are they really related that the me and it thought that there was another story before You're never really sure exactly sure of what species they might be but anyway number one the best song at a past 25 years Now, how did they do this pool because I only have printed the thing out? I didn't put the story on put up the criteria now and I really don't care because it's VH1 anyway number one was See in the gosh is everybody like that I'm not saying they're van all of their stuff was bad because I got the album here like come as you are I think it I think some of their stuff is great. You know, I love that So it's not the anti-nirvana thing, but the fact that they were like ground breaking That was the first thing that Bonerbois said and then he tried to put it in he was joking Ground breaking ground breaking baby cutting edge. Yeah When breaking What this tells me more than anything else is last 25 years and we've discussed this before last 12 when we were doing our music stuff with the audience Heated Almost all of the songs that people like the most were from before 1980 correct so the past 25 years this means 70 eight after 78 up until now And I would agree with that that most of the movie music and the movie movies also last 25 years have been pretty mediocre That's what most Maybe most of the first 61 to bed But the past 25 a little week Number two was Michael Jackson Billy Jean according to VH1 Guns and roses sweet child a mine number three M&M lose yourself Number four I have you know if you played it I would recognize it from an eight month It's baked I don't have your how big it is he makes me want a barf you two who might be one a barf even more and one see your taste in music is so bad And they'll almost that I taste in music is great You're you're description of you to his perfect Irish organ grind for music right. That's right. That's them. That's a bono I would rather die than hear him how see do my own run the MC walked this way and I try Kind of funny Friends when does cry this list is it this will be a joke and a Whitney Houston I will always love you the wailing Whitney the old the first good song you really get well sweet child a mine's okay But to the police every bread you take that it's that's number nine on here. That should be number one. They destroyed that I don't care how much you heard it is it's a it's one of a kind that's one of the most phenomenal songs ever made by anybody Alive I like that the first 500 times I don't care every breath you take is just it's haunting That was the term they used to describe it haunting I have it in the car like cutting edge ground breaking haunting Puking dosen Yeah, and we'll get to all the rest of these see we could like start our own pulls on these again But we won't absolutely not because we exhausted that music thing last year and boy this audience is first of all They hate my taste in music, but it does give them an opportunity to take a cheap shot of me and they like suck up to George Oh, George is tasting music is so much better Of course the people who say that are the punks, you know the people are like think that you're hip and cool right under the age of 100 Which you're just going to be an old fart okay, right my way Wow, so not not the only hope for the punks is boner boy Oh Scott and don't forget about Scott for a and Scott which we thought was really a cool guy, and then we found out he plays golf with moe and he's my age Scott right Scott is the younger I know how old you old guys are Matrix reloaded 94 the worst or most disappointing ending of any movie matrix reloaded 94 blerwitch project 84 And that's it everything else is like Crouching Tiger hidden dragon 19 look the past I think they're free to that you do Yeah, there was I mean it was whatever it was a bad it was just done 20 20 But almost guy 16 magnogia 12 everybody else in single digits like Hannibal Hannibal's hovin up a little bit but only has yeah so far Clarence in the beast I can we all have like a Make a big ceremony and we'll slay me before the days out if you keep that up 11 43 at 5 60 W to Q a and by now you've been hearing about lamina's our us on this program We've been telling you about them for a while now and how lamina wood flooring from lamina's our us is the easy this smart The low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring lamina's our us is the best place to find lamina needed wood flooring from parodore pergo Wilson our unifluirine quick step to all the top names are waiting for you And lamina's our us all installed by pergo certified installers to here's another reason why I got to be called lamina's our us Their prices will absolutely florea right now you can get their summer special for just 1995 bucks you can get up to 380 square feet of beautiful lamina wood flooring which is positively all We're fly positively right next door damn by the way. How's that Josh Moro doing then he's still inside that closet and lamina's our us will match any legitimate written offer free free and home estimate Call lamina's our us toll free one eight seven seven seven seven 33 36 piece of cake what could be easier free carpet disposal fee furniture moving they give you 25 year warranty and then you have years and years of Beautiful easy care lamina wood flooring call lamina's our us today toll free one eight seven seven seven seven 33 36 and be sure and town that old Neil Tony deco People are I souls So Toy toy. Toy toy What's the data Belo is 혈 Be complete on my arm like a ramic now he meant a laco one. I got things on my nose nobody knows that under my clothes I went pantyhalls but that don't mean that I'm gay if you think my house of head you ought to see my legs I might as well keep on smoothing shave the show little glass the next time I'm raving him I could go to his surgeon but that is me to give us I would not want the walk I'm looking like John Rivers. Where am I? I buy a lobeast the fat little free I thought I'm a fave but now we're getting up on the knee the reason I dismissed that stick and fat bastard as big a I see wouldn't shove up any can't play can't I'm a little bit of a comedy talk when I ran I ran to new talk like look at me I'm hit I ain't nowhere I'm a thing done getting man I'm really dead I buy her anyone I want I don't care but wait they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair I've been piloted myself it even happens to the grease with when one said you get out of here I was we break your legs so now I sit by the pool lights as good as it gets with my palli then got him placing bets on the gen's in paradise paradise I don't kiss nobody's handsome paradise I'll be sure that the screw gets when I get the gen but the green is aren't ready with my line green hands I won't let it take I'll be calling a plate and we just a little thought so what I love this thing I want to know what I want values means love get all this Look at that number 101 on VH1 was playful veins, P.O.I.P.E. Ellie. We did it. All right. UCF Kenny, chronic fracture, says for the pool signs, water kills the aliens, no one's in character return. Huh? Why are you rooting for all these people? Because they didn't go see it, because it sucks. They yeah. Isn't it an awful flick? It up until the ending. Stop signs, yield signs. It belongs. You better start to pass some of these titles by me, okay? Now it gives us the character returns to the priesthood. Oh, gee, I just ruined a whole movie for you. Good. Signs. Get that on there, Bono Boy signs. We did the bad moment of it. The Florida State Board of Pharmacies declaring stir-front businesses that provide low-cost prescription drugs from Canada as pharmacies practicing without a license. In other words, they're going to try to shut them down. Because basically what are boils down to is that the pharmaceutical companies and the manufacturers of these drugs, of these killing drugs, what they want to do is like a rape you as much as they possibly can, and they don't want you to be like a lower price. Bigger pissed off. And it's, I can't tell you, did we have that on today, right, on our bedtime stories? Yes, I just mentioned that in passing. The worst or most disappointing movie ending ever. And we got some upper lines under, which is we should have like 400 calls, you know? Can you think of all the bad movies, the movie endings? How about Magnolia? I mean, I mean, I mean, how about Mahal and Drive? See you did that to me for all that drive. I don't know what you thought. You still wouldn't have any idea what it was all about. Fifi, in fact, what they should do would at the DVD, which I'm sure it's out on DVD, is do the same with the momentos, you'd like to move the scenes around to try to figure out what that dead body was doing on it. Fifi 670560, pound five 60 on a AT&T, and Verizon wireless line. Here's a lot of Dale by the sea, hello. Anyhow. Yes, sir. Yesterday's show is so great. I had to take off work just to tell you, you don't need to be segments. You just take like a whole show like yesterday. Real. See me went with it. I thought the audience hated the show yesterday. I thought I was just cracking up all day. I'd drive a track I'm listening. I mean, yes, you went with it and it was great. But that's not why I called. Okay, good. We know like too much suction here. We've got a lot of set of letters. Carlos seems like a bright guy. But the big Lebowski was a great, funny movie. Jeff Bridges greatest work I think ever. Really? People either stone or but he wasn't about LSD. He smokes some joints. That's all he did. Did I see his about it? He really captured the time in the moment. And I mean, you had to be there. He had to grow up like I did in those days to just maybe realize how real it is that he captured that and it's all that that's conglom music. Now where did that come from? That that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that That's from a reclium for a dream. That's when the Sarah is stone out of a mind. I always pulls that her die talk to Gabriel and she's sitting there watching her favorite TV show and they the they're doing this the dance and they come right out of the TV screen into we're living room and they start dancing around her and making fun of her. It's actually I did and the because that movie can't wait for you to go to see that. You must see this believe me. I want to see it and I'm going to but. It'll definitely encourage you to come look down on me. But I'm going to be a very diagonal. I'm going to be a music before. It's all right. Seems like you know. Okay. You're the type how do you love it. Reckley and for a dream. Sounds great. And say how to Sarah. Bye. And she and feeling good. Big Lebowski wasn't was it a bad movie. I used to that sucked. You said don't you? I said don't watch it. Oh, you won't you will not like that movie. Okay. Well, you already told me once but tell us again. Refresh our memory. Don't watch it. Okay. Okay. That's not one of these drug movies. I mean, you know, I'm getting a watch in all of these movies that I've never seen, which is most of them. And now you got me out of this run of drug movies and Schmidt movies. Okay. If it's not drugs and people on drugs just spit in their pants and fish it around and it like that. I mean, seriously, transporting has got to be. It should have had more folks on yesterday's pool. Should have had a lot more. Big Lebowski's just a year in movie. Are you in movie? Is your just dog in it? Well, no, it's just like human beings. This is another people's car. Ah, are you serious? Yeah. Well, what do I want to see that for? Oh, man. No, I'm yearning to see it. No, no, no, no, no. I wanted that color started to come by peanut my leg. This is. Before 130, before that Marlon Pregame. I want to hear from one other person. One other old fart like me who doesn't like that song. Because that guy called me for maybe feel really bad. He said everybody likes that. Nobody doesn't like smells like teenage smeg. Oh, it is so ponderous man. That and that and that and that and that. Oh, it is it's awful. The bad song. So you can't say that. You can say a lot of things. You can say the presence of scumbag and a liar and which is all true. But you can't say you don't like that song. That's an American, isn't it? Yeah. That makes way worse as square as a ping pong thing. And let me say something else. I guess if you do a lot of drugs. Yeah, a little bit of drugs. See me and Tommy Cramer, you know, back in the 60s and 70s. You know, never seen a man like a hand today. We never got into the bad. But I can't talk about it. But I can't talk about it. I can't talk about it. Hey, Clarence and a beast. That's going to be on our website very soon. Hmm, not just in kind of an artist contraption conception. I'm talking about real pictures. In fact, because they're both such good sports, well, these clearance anyway, the beast is an asshole. Because classes are good sports. I'm not sure we could like, um, stage it a little bit. You know what I'm saying? Huh? Well, I'm the beast that he did scroll by not letting him go out to Omaha. Clarence is going out there to the cold world serious. So he did say that he told that to a more forl one of them. I'm not mow. He don't talk to mow. Forl the other day. He said he got screwed by Clarence. And B. To boy got screwed by muff. But there's a lot of that going on the building. And then of course there's always five six seven. Oh, five 60 pound, five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon. Too much incestuous crap going on that station although not nearly as much as I would be. Boy, wow. Yeah. Those are the good news. Man, the Sarah's a lot of incestuous stuff going on at W. I owed the everybody was screwing everybody else. Those were the tossing the salad days. They were tossing a lot. I used to toss my cookies. Just thinking about some of their matchups. And our program director said he wouldn't give a nickel for that operation. Is that what he said? I heard the Hank bitch and I'd go a carrier a few days ago. I was great. I was going to her hopper saying I'm wondering out loud if he was still alive or something. Hundred votes for the worst or most disappointing movie ending. Hundred for matrix reloaded. Ninety for Blurwood's project. Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon 21. I don't know. You're right. It's only been on there a short time. Maybe I'll 21 people have sought but it's just noted. The Nullis skies are 22. Like I said, the Nullis skies got 20. Magnolia 12. Hannibal 10. Everybody else in single digits. So our good buddy Jeff Cohen and the pizza. Did we get any report out with anybody showed up on their implementation? Huh? Yeah. Do we ever get a follow up on anything? No. From a Miguel from the salespeople? No. Anyway, you're loved to pizza. Lot the implantation. Now, he'll incendurize right behind the Walgreens. And at strip shopping center right in the corner there. Plenty of free parking right out in front. And the same delicious great food. That's made the pizza less than Davy. World's the flaming and famous. Delicious Italian goodies all your favorites. They got all your favorite pasta dishes. And chicken and meal and seafoods. Different kinds of fantastic pizza. Cells own super subs. Big big portions. Teeny tiny prices and the best garlic rolls ever made by man or anybody else. So bring the whole family. Won't put a big bite in your pocketbook. And the list. Don't be asking for no discounts either. Pizza loft there on university. Drive it through Griffin in 595 right near on over Southeast. Right kitty corner the new army to low cap. And they got Zillion free parking spots. And they got Zillion free parking spots. And they got Zillion free parking spots. And they got Zillion free parking spots. And they got Zillion free parking spots. And they got Zillion free parking spots. And they got Zillion free parking spots. And they got Zillion free parking spots. And they got Zillion free parking spots. And they got Zillion free parking spots. And they got Zillion free parking spots. And they got Zillion free parking spots. And they got Zillion free parking spots. And they got Zillion free parking spots. And they got Zillion free parking spots. And the pizza loft is a real gem in South Florida. 5-foot local fish. 65-60. 3-0. And just sitting around the house. We're not much to do. I got Nila Rogers on the radio. And hey, what are you going to do? It's Chad, a way of quality. 12-1 hours. Didn't people want us to talk to Beastloft kind of go? I see her never watched his hair. Or seem to have a hair co-bane. His name was Kirk. And now he's pushing up their co-bane. Wife and rule from his chin. Do it, arrow, win, co-bane. Alright. Newer bottle was hot. And now it's Kirk. They ain't got a co-bane. He got hot. It's good. By the time he died. Oh! Co-bane. Made a minute hour never took a shower. Co-bane. He's a number one hit in Heaven. Big mosh pit. Co-bane. But boomer yeah, my feet. He'll need Elvis the King. And say grunge with my thing. Co-bane. So if you're filled with doubt, don't take her to way out. Co-bane. He got hot. It's good vibe and he died. Co-bane. Bubble clear five six UWQN. Here's an effect from anetus as the engineer. How soon you forget Liz, a video taped on in market, has the original collogula. What does that mean? How soon I forget? I don't know. I guess she told you about that story before something. I forgot any. I'm sure I'm an old doddling man. I forgot it too. Just like in those spots when I said, I've said that for years, be sure to tell that old meal, sent you by. And now it is old meal. I was thinking I'm at last fun. I done. Now I don't think you'll like collogula. Let's see like a lot of gratuitous sets and violence. Oh. It says in case you don't have the address, it's a video taped on 4980 West Atlantic Boulevard. That sounds like Pomponobiech to me. Is that where it is? Dye. Well that's where I'm sure. She's not my best friend, but the best video brainer rounds. Okay. Video taped on Tyson. I did forget. We're looking for the worst or most disappointing movie ending ever, which movie. And the one we got for tomorrow, I think is going to be even better. But you never know, because this was kind of like a marginal response so far. In fact, it's a two horse race, which is not too exciting. Matrix reload is about 100 votes in Blair Witch Project 96. And everybody else is really very small potatoes. And since I didn't see either one of them, in fact, Magnolia, which has 13 votes in his number five right now on list. That's the only one of the top whole bunch. Donnie Darko's got six. I didn't see most of these. And in that case, I feel like I've done something good, you know? How many of these did you see most of my bed? Most did you see signs? Yes. Although I did see painted of the HCS. Absolutely right. I saw enough of Fight Club to, I'm trying to think whether I was watching it on TV. Is that an on TV or is that two or a result on cable? Yeah. Yeah, that's where I saw parts of it. The ending for the movie, signs was a good enough movie, all until the end ruined. Yeah. You know who you complain to, don't you? Yeah. Bitch, about 560, £560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. We got the Marlins and the Brewer's Baby, two really horse ball teams. 130 to pre-game, Gaint time at 205. And a fade by less and more free tickets. here's a call from four-laterdale, huh? pretty good. great. I got a good one for you. now I might be dating myself. I'm one of those older parts. that's okay. all us old parts got us together man. and by the way, I do think that Nevada's a bit overrated. oh right. we'll get into that later on. there's a little gem going back to 1980. okay. we're going to be in Newton John. terrible movie worst ending. grease. vanity. I can't believe no one has said that yet. hopefully we have time to make a race out of it. close start Michael Beck from the Warriors. oh my, is anybody admitting to have seen that? oh come on, you've seen it too. oh, I never saw it. oh no. it's a it's a doozy. see, we're not going to move the nervous leverage. that is the movie. the end is even worse. okay. but to get back to the music thing. if I could give a shameless one of my favorite underrated bands. yes sir. cheat trick. new album out July 22nd. why? many of your best book was. what do you mean by that? two trick is the most underrated rock band ever. in fact, in Ivana. critical being said that they used two trick as one of their influences. which I'm not sure is a good thing. but. two trick influences most of the rock bands out there. two trick number 94 number 94 surrender on this top 100. just look for it. number 94. that's not the best song. uh, they deserve better than now. well, it's ph one. no ticket personal. what do they know? have a great day, pal. you too. thanks. even clearance. it is nothing like a cheap trick. 567. 560 pound. 560 on the AT&T. and Verizon wireless line. before we hits for all of all. let's get current slate. what do you say? oh right. in fact, you want to respite the numbers on Scott Show tomorrow morning. he could do the beast right on the air. would that be great? we get a 95 sure easy. and the and for all could the blow by blow. I love it. I tune in for that. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T. and Verizon wireless line. here's a call from Perine. hello. here's a call from Perine. hello. yes sir. yeah, I got an oldie but a goodie too. okay. oh by the way, a big little box. great movie. alright. the bowling movie. well why does he keep telling me not to see it. who. be near boy. I'll be no better. anyway. this goes way back. great movie. terrible ending. very sad disappointing ending. doctors you've got. okay. you know. the lary is the greatest love is his life and he's and they get separated by the war by the revolution the Russian revolution and then years later he sees her on a trolley car and he goes after her and he gets a heart attack in the middle of street and then you're sitting there and going Oh. he died. I hate what that happens. yeah. but that's uh... her kishki's out. yeah. he died. so. that's my vote. we got you down, palmy thanks. doctor shivaku you got a boner boy and he says I'd love to you big Lebowski with her pen all over each other. alright go watch it. I'm not gonna watch it. you've already turned me out of enough gross movies in last few days. I mean uh it's gonna take me at six months to recover just from the first ten minutes which is all would watch a train spotting. in the history of my life I don't think I've ever ever. walked out of a movie or turned or turned one off on TV because it was too gross. until. Tuesday. till Tuesday. Amy man. oh yeah until Tuesday. Amy man was gonna make us put her sticker in there. here's. here's a call from for a lot of day. hello. hey Neil. yes sir. uh first I'd like to thank you for turning me on to re-requiem for a dream. outstanding. uh I was so big like it felt big Lebowski but it's your head at this moment. I was sort of surprised that George liked it because it made the drug culture look so glamorous and he burned it so much. no it's a wink wink about the whole thing. yeah he is. heroine plane I offer he said it was bad for business. heroine part exactly the same thing. do exactly the same things to you you have your arm cut off of you smoked with you. no. the director of that is there in our our our our mask he. right his aunt called on Tuesday on the show. the other day she called in. now it's first movie that he did I don't know if he ever saw it called pie. yes sir. with a guy uh drew puts the drill through his head at the end. which out of mind spoiled the ending because the ending doesn't make it. oh you're even put that on our list. well the whole movie doesn't make any sense to tell you the truth but but it. visually it was starting. yeah. so like record for a dream all the cuts and back and forth. right right. right. it is culture attention and you couldn't stop watching it. yeah I think pie probably should be on your list but I'm list because when he sticks the drill through his head at the end or it just the uh and I let's you down a little bit. because you're sure it's just. I think I think he was just trying to drill that thing off the side of his head by the year there he couldn't figure out what that thing was growing. he was just trying to drill and he went a little bit too far. because you're sort of built up to the whole idea that this guy is going to discover the meaning of life. right. right. the mathematics and then the ending is a drill in the head you know. yeah exactly. is that the meaning. it could be it. anyway thank you for the tip about wrecking of verdry. okay glad you enjoyed it. oh and chill and burnt and the bird to go rob in the austral. oh I know it's pretty nice. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. yeah at that point a Sarah's getting just a little bit off center there at that particular one. and then starts scrubbing floors and walls and so on. she should have listened to Harry. where she described the toilets in that damn bar. before that guy went in there. see that wouldn't have been quite so bad but just ah it was. it was kind of like gratuitously they made it as gross as they possibly. that was that was what it was all about. no they're still on out of your mind and crawler mine on the floor. see I used to wonder when George would call in sick all the time it was always these stories about. oh I was crawling around on the floor and peook in my guts. well and I being as slow and out of that whole scene as I am you know. just never done on me that he was always just getting a bad batch of whatever he was doing at the time. hairline. right. in fact if you guys when you go to the next appearance at your dessert take a look at that purple thing on his arm. right. look at pretty bad man. smack me in the arm. and now why he knew why he goes to that same hospital in North Carolina where Harry had his arm amputee. here's a fact it says the big leboski is a great movie Carlisves full of your own. John goodman Steve was shimi and john turturo characters are hilarious. the carpet to suit is I don't think we can say that it's really not integral part of the movie. uh... thugs p on george's carpety refers to them as carpet visitors they're at the rest of the movie. as Carlos about the nil is he probably doesn't remember them. i remember the whole movie. i rest on brothers movie in their portfolio by the way let it ride is this funny as facts who have not been. let it ride the richard right this horse racing movie. oh yes it's sure but you've got for sucks big time but the rest of the cast is out we're just the funny watch in both of line so i'm gonna am saving us. uh... the bell's key something that i watched i watched more than once there's a lot of interesting scenes in it. i don't think it's for you and you can watch it i like one to tell me why it's not for me okay. because it's extremely crazy the scenes are. if you've got momentum was was not he this is the title of a mental i don't know what you're talking about i loved it. i know this is a completely different you're probably one of the same people that said only you will watch the first five or ten minutes of a mental in the shot it off you like the fairly brothers. the fairly barferry brothers. the fairies the fairie brothers. come on it's only a three and a half hour show today let's what's the point the fairie brothers there that they make some weird. out there movies yeah and i think watch it watch it okay i'm gonna watch it just on the spot to you in fact no matter what my reaction and we're going to say god that was the best thing i've seen in years. i think really. you see he didn't like it. 1214 at five sixty wqm. with the end. what with house wrong people as facts is what crouching tiger was a beautiful movie. as far as the vannas go there goes they made great music i totally agree that song is the choice. i totally agree with that song is the choice and the h was was perhaps your two older realize the significance of that song at the time. it changed rock music from schmitty ass here band rock. this something that was genuine and intense. oh god i'm never going to be the same again that's actually true that everything that was going around back then was that glam rock. that you know long hair with with a lot of hair spray. and these guys came out and you know they refused to take showers so that was new and interesting. you know there was a movie on last night but we're way past the break there was a movie on last night with house over. yeah that was like and i'm trying to think of what the year deliverance came out look it up in the thing is my books in the other room seventy two. it was called all this was like a remake then about five doctors they go on a similar kind of like a canoeing thing. and it's a psychotic not case it's a selectively kill them off. what the hell was the name of that guy who i nailed it wow this was a silver seventy two this movie was seventy eight was a deliverance rip off somebody will know. that was the hell whole book pretty intense and then i went to bed. 12 15 at five sixty wc and they must be doing intense things at brandy because they didn't serve in you up with great shoes and all kinds of good stuff. for over twenty five years the best in friendly service the best selection the top names and issue business. they got rock ports echo is mafisto timelid carc s a s floor shime and lots more wide range of sizes. men's they got size six to 15 women's five to twelve and what's from the very very narrow to the very very wide. and like i said friendly personal service no matter how bad your feet smell with over forty thousand pairs in stock of their gigantic show. you can just about that great leads life on it that exactly the shoes you look for in stock in your size right now ready to walk out. brandy shoes a great place to take your feet to the right twelve ninety north federal highway and pop at obitio and daily nine sunday's ten to five. and right now it's a great time to buy floor shimes at brandy's this week by one parent the regular price. and get the second pair of equal or lower value at half price stop and or visit brandy's on their website brandy's shoes dot com. we're supposed to be a place to do a yeah. you're a fact. it's ideal right by way that I can't. I'm gonna dance for me, I can't do my legs like I don't circulate I think dance for me when I will be free I'm gonna dance for me, I'm gonna dance for my legs Bye bye! From size to July, it's about to be seen as slow I'm wearing a dress mask, as we sleep together I'll get up here so cruel, if you tell me if I just can't move Tonight I'll grow with you, I can't do it I should be like I've been a little bit wear a few things I've allowed the bed, if you tell me, if I don't dare to say I gotta go at my touch, and I'll be right back I should be just my left one and I just the right deets Please, please, please, do my way The things dance for me, I can't do my legs like I don't circulate I'll be fancy, when I will be safe I'll talk to each, if these fancy me I'm gonna sit and sit, going really, eight From these fancy me The rituals are dead ringer, man A real rip off of deliverance 1970 with hell, holdbook This book, if anybody that's a really a movie buff You gotta have this book Video hounds, golden movie retriever, I mean, this is a different movie Leonard Malton's got one which I can't stand him Robger Ebert, which we all hate him, is the guy one The complete guy that movies on video Cuset and DVD not only has it got all the movies in alphabetical order But then in the back Not only has it got like every actor in actress That's how I find the hell a whole-bork thing right away But then it's got director index, writer index, cinematographer index Composer index, who make them music By the way, speak about writers, I made a booboo Yeah, it's the colon brothers Oh my god Well I know the colon brothers, we already discussed that And you're trying to tell me, but the freedmen brothers Josh and the saw But what was that? The was that made the big lebelski Yeah, he looked a big lebelski Since you're trying to talk me out of it I looked it up, I don't take anybody's word anymore After that Schmidt that you turned me out with that bed spotting Train spotting, pants spotting You gotta see more than five minutes of it The big lebelski's got three and a half bones man Am I bone book in this great book that I'm touting now? It's a great book only, it weighs about 50 pounds Three and a half bones, it says Jeff LeBoski bridges is a stuck in the 70's Stoner who would system being called the dude And loves to go bowling is mistaken for a wheelchair About millionaire the same name and suffers a beating at the hands of thugs Who are after money owned by the rich LeBoski sluddy wife Dude is drawn into kidnapping the attempted scamming a pair of money and more bowling While this may seem like plot a plenty It's mainly a showcase for the colon brothers Unique texturing of style and quirky but deep characters Goodman is loud and funny as if yet non-vibrate takes any opportunity to pull a gun We're exploded and a dialogue of identities What? Goodman is great And that boy A turtur or steals a scene is a pervert Rival bore who loves striking Love skin type lilac jumpsuits and polishing his ball I don't know anybody don't like polishing his ball The showpiece is an amazing effect in that what John Crocks said He's heard polishing his ball time green the same thing Don't forget the new time green show come and soon The showpieces an amazing musical bowling fantasy sequence that would have made buzzby Berkeley proud So they like it three and a half bones in here Tell me what you want like it what is trace button getting that book Train spotting yeah That's a good question Or so in other words you're going to say if it doesn't get a lot of bones Then I'm it's going to prove that I'm also not going to like the other one Or if it gets a lot of bones You'll like train spotting if you finish watching it. I think train spotting's got three bones Finish watching Big Lebowski three and a half Requiem head three and a half Here's the fact that says I don't know if it's because I'm getting older 42 But you're right on the money that music over the last 20 years is El Stinko and you are I'm so willing to let the 60s and 70s music was the best areas with 1969 being the best year Only about 10 to 20% 80s was good in the 90s didn't exist For an old fart I think music tastes pretty good. I love those music pulls you this Ha ha ha ha ha Virtue to evil to resist it's time to do that again Oh, we might Time that we got this VH one thing. There's nothing else going on once we finish once we drain this movie thing as much as we have I mean we're going to sit here and save the world again. Oh, how no? I'm going to do that no more we caught on it took us what took me 27 and a half years to figure out what they want What's that they want lists and they want free crap. I'm not necessarily in that order That's what they want all of this list today. We still got an hour to go. We got two calls on the board. How about a really three crap? List of free crap. Are we good? What crap would you like the most in fact? Maybe it was in the movie that he's talking about. Transpining a lot of crap. Not movie. The worst or most disappointing movie ending ever was. Look at that. Blair Witch project 104. Matrix reloaded 103 a battle to the death. Crouching Tiger hidden dragon 25 vanilla sky 21 Magnolia 14 Hannibal 11 Canstow a 10 the last American virgin 10 everybody else single digits. And this doesn't make our list. I didn't like that was none. Here's a call from plantation. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Okay. First time long time. I just wanted to tell you that even though you know listen to Nirvana you stole the coolest guy in the world. That's not what B.N.R. Boy said. Well, B.N. Boy's a couple. Four to three shit the big little bossy because I wouldn't understand it. I just wanted to say two things. Well, as well for Matrix is moronic because it didn't end actually. So there's no ending to it. And you should definitely see snatch and the movie too. Okay. And have a great day now and have a great day too. So 26 past noon at five sixty W.C.A.M. He says that whatever he said that I'm a real cool dude. Maybe I'll go home and pee on Carlos's leg. I'll be your first. I beg your pardon. What a be the first time. It's your just dog beat me to it. 26 past noon. Maybe that was just a message you had to harness him. Remember Joey Zaza? They would send him a message. How tell you about something really good for it? That's only you might soft y'all. Only you might just pop it in your push and it's good for you. Unlike a lot of the stuff that's on the market nowadays that can kill you. This stuff is safe. It's great for you and it's effective. Only you might soft y'all's contain the finest olive oil on our planet. Super concentrated. Low to the health benefits and all kinds of other good vitamins and stuff in there. Oliometer. We'd a new push can up produce the risk of heart disease and the high cholesterol. Plus now there are 14 different oliometer formulas you can choose from each one combining. The finest olive oil with vitamins minerals, urinals all kinds of great neat stuff. To support specific health needs for your bones, your blood pressure, to your immune system. All you do is pick out the formulas that are right for what you need. And don't forget now we have three new oliometer formulas. Want to help you sleep when it helps you control weight and self-tutin for your heart. You'll find Oliometer all over town. But you're having to do some shopping soon. Picks him up at public's records, Walgreens or at Whole Food Markets, Navarro, Sedanos. Order it online if you like an Oliometer America.com. If you want more info on these products and what they can do for you and where to stick them. I wonder if they were doing Oliometer and that movie and transpotting you think? Well, seriously, maybe that's what he was trying to get out of there. Well, call free 1-866 Oryoman. That's 1-866-65663. Pick up some Oryoman today and start popping it in your post for better health. I think this is for twin-liced. You way am. I would community college as proud to present act like a pro. Yes, with our act like a pro workshops, you can learn the techniques of your favorite. The Hollywood stars and how the duplicate there's success. This week our special instructor, Keanu Reeves. Yes, Keanu Reeves can give you all the range of emotions from excited. Absolutely. To frighten. Happy? To the press. And even start a line out of comes soon. Plus, he'll also teach you how to speak in a fore accent. I go to the castle of Dracula. So, no, I just said we can haunt one community college for your special guest lecture at Keanu Reeves. And you too will be saying, Let me give you one word to describe Keanu Reeves. Okay? Okay. Plan. Have you heard of it? Plan. I don't care if you won 15. And I ask her. Okay. Ask her, and I got a word. He's a plan. You like Keanu Reeves? No, I was just kidding. I got a word for him. Take it. Take it. Take it. Yeah, he's a just a grotesque. Look at that phone. Baby, speak in a grotesque. I'm telling you, man, you people could pee on the Pope's parade. There is an accolade at board. Now, when's the last time in the middle of a show we've seen this about 40 years ago? Back when I was 50? Yeah. Five, six, seven, open. No, seriously. I thought this is a pretty interesting thing today. I mean, it kind of like culminates this whole thing we've been talking about. Ah, no, you don't get it, Nate. We just burn out on this movie crap. Okay. Okay. Let's give some tickets away to Ferrell's A baseball game. Even though we don't know what it's about. You don't know how many people call saying, I want to take it. I want to take it. I want to take it. When you said that last time. Yeah, but we want them to do. And additional, which this is just seen now. We're taking it a little baby steps, okay? We've gone from where they actually used to be able to discuss something. Then of course, that died out real fast about like, Ali on time after that or the, Hang Chad time after the lesson. That was the end of that. And then we went to the building list thing where they could, where they actually were able to like give you a name for a list of whatever was, you know? Now we've gone to like, just free crap. I'll take some, I'll take some ticket and that's it. Wow. Those bedtime stories sound pretty damn appealing to me. And I want to say, starting tomorrow, appealing to you. Yeah, any of you. Feetor boy didn't like it. Miguel hated it. Well, beetor boy hated it because they give me chance to screen a call and take to talk to all these great people out there that he enjoys so much every day. You both have to know that opportunity. But he's like me. Yeah. The worst or most disappointing movie ending ever was. And I realize it's only a tourist race right now, but it's probably like one away. Matrix reloaded 104. But I'm there. We've got to be about 150,000 movies that you enjoyed, but, or maybe they were like mediocre. But you're at the ending and you thought, what? Yeah. So many of them. But these people have left me hanging right out of my goddamn window. Right on the goddamn patio out here ready for a long fall. Just like Poor Donnie, Darko. Here's plantation, hello. I got a movie for you. I'm probably about three people saw it. I was starting George Colonie. He's been a movie about six, six to eight months ago. I'm called Solaris. Matters supposed to be this great love movie. I went and saw it with my girl and ended up in, you know, the biggest way to the way to the 50. I can never imagine. Really? Yeah. It's just like, and it was kind of one of those movies like, like you were saying you were expecting something to be a joke after the credits. I just never heard anything about it after that. And it lasted for about two weeks. I'm glad you mentioned that because that movie I talked myself in a watching that awful, awful movie with the River Phoenix and the Canarves, my own private Idaho. I put the tape in again last night and I went to the ending. And I fast forwarded it on the tape because I was positive there must be more after the credits and go wasn't. You know what I'm saying? You figured there's got to be more than that and there was none. It's a website address with making pictures of somebody. Exactly. Okay. Thanks, Polly. We got to think. Got it? Silaris? We got it. You got pie because I don't see that on the end. He I'm pie. Hmm. I do like that. Punky pie. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. Can you tell me that the Denny's ain't selling mother a hump or a pie's anymore? I said I don't know. Somebody must have brought it up. Somebody called her and they can said that. Oh, that would be bad. That would be the final blow for Denny's home back. That would piss me off so much. I'm going back and do another number in their tea room, you know. And create another John's town flood. And there's a plantation Denny's right out there by me in a right by the Sargras. Always packed. Are they giving away food in that place or what? Always packed. And I'm thinking like is many trader purse by me is by you. Here's a call from Helen Dale. Hello. Yes sir. I'm on my boss with phone. But don't tell them. Listen, it's a pain from early back to kind of clock because I come in. I'm on the rails. That'll, oh, that's like most guys are on the road. Right. And get don't get the lessons. It's been a class on the old days. I was missed the first area of town. Now I can catch it again. Yeah, 10 to two is where it's at. Make no mistake of the matter. But then I knew one was a stab in my back. They should only croak for doing that to me. Yeah. We saw Requiem in my wife. Right. It's, you know, the vigil is just great on it. We're going to see pie. Prouching tiger with a great move. I don't know why they're complaining about the ending. But that was a great movie. Sure got a lot of votes real quick. That's 25 votes all of a sudden. Well, not all movies have a happy ending. I'll see. Now, if it had an unhappy ending, there's no, I mean, Magnoded didn't have a happy ending either. But only emotional cripples like George had a problem with that. I'm going to see that next, too. You like it, believe me. Okay. Thank you. Thanks, Bally. I'm like. See, crouching tiger bent the knee. What does that go? I'm bent it knee. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 60, on the AT&T. If a riser were to smile, I'm going to pop a couple of purple pills in right when the ball game starts. There's a faction John Northmiley B2 says the reason being a boy doesn't like the great lamb rock groups and the music for example, white snake, etc. Is exactly why he said they took showers and not in the sink. He only can really take showers and not in the sink. About once there are 6 months. If maybe that's why he's like transporting so much. Maybe that's the kind of team when we hear you're staying and out in. Yeah, ours. Exactly. In fact, yeah, I want to kill him. The one at the pack boy. His left is dark on it. I don't think about him if he does croak, you can certainly say he has left his mark on our building. 5, 6, 7. He has left his tracks to loose lap tracks. That was his problem. Plus the extra 500 pounds, graffices. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, I still can't believe that moving. See, there's one you should have said to me, you won't like that. That's a big La Basque. Brains, you shouldn't say, don't want to say it. It's going to gross you out. I thought you could take it. What does that mean? It's a little harsh. I mean, it's not like I was like, I was like, throwing up or something. I mean, I'm not one of these whuses, you know? I'm not afraid to find because I got them 9, 11. Yeah, I'm not going to run out of town here because of SARS. I'm not a pussy like a lot of you. He had a word sex. And by the way, let's hear Frasi asked more. Oh, showed up into this performance here with the orcana. This centralized. It didn't lose out. I didn't know what that is. It's not as anyway. Yeah, that's what he said. What does mother F and SARS anyway? I'm a, you had a great time. It was good. I was a pussy. You got a pussy. You just leave it. I'm not the least bit squamous. What does that mean? I want to tell you right now. Okay. I've told a story about my experience in Oakland at that then East. I told a story about slide off the abroke in toilet seat and that restaurant in a woman that was on 441. Vinnie, it was Vinnie's. That was the name. Just came to me. Vinnie's. Still got the inflow on the toilet seat. So I've had my share of toilet experiences. That's in a real sense of punishment. I think it's going to be like a coming from my guests, still seems like I think it's you. Often go there's like carpentry on why. Stay busy. Eat little money, be interval. In all times you can travel people alone in a tank card. In case you enter the bankers for that, if anybody tries to save their life read somebody's place, and somebody brings it back. But what I see a guy that's fishing I don't want to go through the whole thing again, but I will anyhow No, it's just like the fishing around for his guy damn, Opie of Saphazan in our full toilet after he just dumped his brains down in an emergency basis in a filthy destroyer in the history of the freaking subhuman race. You miss Dan, he goes down on the screen, he goes swimming in the toilet Well see again this is the kind of stuff you relate to, when you expect from a guy that's a shower in the sink It's a hallucination that he has if you would finish what I don't want to see it. I don't care if it's a hallucination If it's for real, if it's a god, he goes swimming in the toilet Think it's a whim I sure hope he had a real good time in there It's norkl Jever good time paley. Oh, it's cut a smooty experience God almighty There was some I wonder I wonder if he holds his nose underwater Huh? Oh, man, it plugs up naturally. Yeah, I'm Better to talk about taking it up the nose Jesus Christ that corn sure was special. Yeah, and believe me take it up the nose was that I was forget about that These these the movie starts out there. They're shooting up right off the get-to I'm just not impressed by druggies. Don't you understand? I'm not impressed at that. It's just you know I mean, yeah, the whole movie of reclium was about drug addicts of a various kind of didn't bother me in least But the the purple thing. I think the purple thing on the Harry's arm bothered George more than did me no question And bothered George and Wale and both I hope a lot more than bothered me I wouldn't pay to talk about yeah, you way all the way through oh, brother 1241 ground breaking He's a crap okay, be so crap and like I said I like a lot of their music and put his stuff right on this album, okay? But that particular song if I never heard it again, it would be much too soon If I can take it up pull with myself right his brothers or that song I think till one at five 60 we got the Marlon pregame the Marlins at the brewer is 130 to safety To again time in 205 Hank will be on briefly because we don't want to overwork him now to be on briefly And we'll have five or seven right after the ball game this afternoon a tough, but that's a tough tour or follow in a Marlon game You know when a guy's considering hair replacement is greatest concern is what it looked natural with other other people fall out of laughing looking at me and just peeing their pants speak of that You can always spot a bad hair system, but how many good ones go on notice because they look for real Charles Alfie raised design and supplied hair system to show basil liberties and just regular guys like you for more than 35 years as a pair Is against and good morning America that the ratio CBS morning news because his hair system the natural hair line system offers you the most amazing Theor you can find anywhere it looks real like it's we're not your scalp as opposed to like a dead animal like a civic cat That on your push or maybe one of them peri dogs What the other ones the Indian rat can be in rat Right now Charlie's offering his summer special for only 549 bucks for first time customers only if you already have a hair system Me to save yourself 50% on service and repair of all types of hair system the including shampoo and trim Tell ferris about it perfect opportunity give Charlie a try. Charles Alfie always guarantee you was this Try one of his hair systems for 30 days if you don't look the way it looks and feels and smells you return for a full refund So the choice is yours Charles Alfie raised benchmark in the industry the natural hairline system or the more how we David Mozo look Don't delay call Charlie today and change your life look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again 1-800-3212413 That's 1-800-3212413 or catch a minor web if you like it. Charles Alfie or you dot com It's funny Hello, this is a professional golfer video scene. I'm the one who cried like a small child when I heard anacle for him I'm going to plan to feed you a tour So how she did and did not lock it. I'm kidding. I did not feel good right I saw a cry afterwards. This is why I was against it. There was no crying in golf Swearings fitting and growing revenue yes, but no crying drinking cheating causing and some homosexual Well playing yes, but no playing on the PTA tour dead wedding those picking every and DB would be a yes But no play oh I see Anna's last set me some email of the weekend Let me read it to if she has the a but much that's a recent not so nice nickname given to me by a group of Unica foreign stem fans near but much you are so happy now even though I play well I feel to make the weekend but at least I play you ran home at a 12-year-old who got the PTAs Poor who buy new but much that's it This is only slight for her to vote to me because I didn't sort of run home at a small girl who got a PTA Poor but I will be back this week playing again because I know girl find up Maybe I'm the for confident in my sexuality or perhaps I'm just a male children as pig But I like a better one the girl don't play They should pay what doll and make up and sometimes to other necklace with a leg ball Now be just saying same to song No, I don't think that's singing is for girls and they play person from the male tonight 12-40 show it at five sixty don't forget the QM brand is no other leave in on you Right Hey I think there's a one or clock if you're in the vicinity 50-55 worst flag restream I'm gonna got some free Marlon tickets for it. Oh, great. That's what they like courtesy the real yellow pages from bill so and maybe McGill give you a free squeeze to the worst or most disappointing movie ending ever was Blair was project hundred thirteen May 3rds reloaded one-o-eight Crouching a tiger hidden drag-oone 25 vanilla sky twenty four Magdoria 15. I heartily disagree Hannibal 12 cast away 11 What is that? I Seriously what is where tonight? I artificial intelligence somebody called and suggested it. We put it on there And that's an av i a i a Stanley Kubrick's Steven Spielberg. They can fire to make one of the worst movies in history really really Yeah, what goes to show you nobody's perfect 10 votes for a i last American virgin 10 everybody else single digits including 10 out of the yeah eight How's right image deldo on what's he him no word? Here's a call from marathon hello Tell him my bridge now Neil how are you pretty good? I'm gonna start my petition and Get for all on six to ten that's all out of the hell out of there Oh right Excellent, though I'm ready to go I'm gonna get some kind of website. I mean I don't know maybe they'll let Goldie mouth before or something but uh I think it's time I think the rail done a great job It's hilarious and It would be great for you to follow him Well, I noticed he keeps coming in a little earlier every day. He's starting to age into the motion Maybe he's been a start showing off by the time we said the other day if I want 75 Yeah, he's sneaking it So listen enjoy the other bunch of comment there and I have great day Thanks, thanks, probably there's a guy that votes for a forrell. He wants to roll out for Allen Hey Yeah, but for us gonna have this one I don't know see maybe there's a method to his madness There but maybe if he figures you can get more out there in a golf course two three times a week. Mobile like Expire like right out there in the 16th hole or get struck by lightning like happening. We get struck by lightning does happen every now and then Had to open the door there for six to ten. I think you got probably inspired when we took that poll last week 40% of this very peculiarity it said we love for rallies great. We want him on six to ten a.m That's what they said that's the audience how are us? We're not trying to interfere As a matter of fact before we start worrying about Mulligan we got to take care of that beast business first parents to end a beast O beast popped in and said and said that you know that we don't like him and he's right probably so you'll be happy to pose for a picture with clearance mounting his he says six figures Well, sure, Clarence can talk him down to like you know 20 bucks zoom down Six figures that's what he said Is he talking about his weight again 567. Oh five six you see what I mean about him flint around from one room and a building to the other Real bad news man real bad news trouble follows that man wherever he goes He can't so big fat dark shadow Here Here in my right here a cast a big shadow and sometimes I like to seriously We want to picture on our website by the end of the week okay, which means tomorrow because certainly we got a deadline Clarence is going off to Omaha so we can probably hang out with some of them baseball players Here's for Latterdale John I'll be damn was on a wrong line probably it was online nine. That's an omen here's for Latterdale. Hello Pretty good sir good What's one of the disappointed apparently I can't get that a prairie dog at my eye on after all And that's a little monkey box and that doesn't look good Well, I get your couple of gabion rats instead Well, I mean what's the deal you can't touch monkey box from a monkey? But you can from a prairie dog now you can't deny That doesn't make sense, but if you get a monkey you can catch your gabion rat the box Which also doesn't sound pleasant There's a conduit to the movie unbreakable with Bruce Willis and Samuel Ajax and a couple of more should not not now Well basically the whole thing is Bruce Willis find out he can't be hurt to this train or act and He goes off on a he's got almost like superpowers he can't be hurt no matter what happens to him and The supervillian Samuel Ajax and kind of gives him hints the whole time to throw him out because he's looking for an archnemicist if you battle it Right and so it goes goes and goes and finally, you know he reveals himself to Bruce Willis and Bruce Willis realize these is now a super hero And instead of having the final battle scene that basically just put up like a pirate I'm showing what happened and the fairly Bruce Willis just called the cops on them and had him arrested and then the movie ends Oh nice One more good reason not to see a Bruce Willis movie I mean just another one, but thanks for all new have a good day thanks for the warning paly Okay, get that on or was it called unbreakable? Yeah on watchable On there acceptable Unbelayable 567.0560 pound 560 I'm a different unbreakable somebody suggested it earlier. Oh, it's already on here. Yeah One moment played I have a little technical problem here that wasn't gonna talk about on here. Oh Work something I didn't really break it, but I just like temporarily I didn't disable it It in fact I'm sure I see a work It just doesn't look right you're on the CD deck because you got the same ones there the denim on the front edge of the tray There's a little plastic thing which you probably assume that it's all one part. I always did but it's not I say there's a little plastic thing that attaches to the front and doesn't change anything it still goes back in and you know You know, whatever. Let me touch my But you got to snap that baby on and I don't really have time to I'll do it after the show And see when you try to snap it on and the thing is the powers on it has this nasty habit of like going back in a slide back in And then slides back up because you're putting pressure on you know You thought what I'm saying no I didn't need to tell the world that but I'm you know once I want I Think you believe I don't Right in the down yeah, be sure and pass it along the Bob for most in George Corso looking get a good chuck a lot of it all Does you want the engineer up there to help? No, I don't think so I can handle it Bob. Okay. I can handle it Even I'm just a talent. I'm incompetent 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Here's a lady and like worth hello. Hello. Yes, man one hour photo Did you ever see that? No terrible. I was so excited when Robin Williams was gonna have like a serious movie Huh sucked All the stuff and then the ending was worth wow Yeah, don't don't bother. Thanks for the warning and also I have two parry dogs Yeah, and they are the best little pet you could ever have Uh-huh They don't like you anything but they're they're sweet and levelable You don't have monkey parks not at least not Mark how do you know that? Well, I don't have bumps on me. Yes Good luck sweetheart. Thank you. Call us back if you're still alive. Yes, sir. Okay. Bye. She's got parry dogs. Oh Hey, that's the new thing now. See we're making fun of that the ability we say oh well, it won't be any in Florida Well, guess what there are Cuz you thought that was like out on a parry's and then it was because that's where it started Kind of the new of that's got to do it a funky it's got to do it with people getting pets And that's the new pet of choice that's the new you know how we go through all of these fans Pet rocks Pet rocks, cheer pets. I say it's cheer pet man just a little bit of water keeps him happy all the time I was gonna be smiling there. What works for vote or yeah, or you could just have your little though pionan It's a pia pet you could probably yeah Isn't that the big leboski the pia pet? I'm gonna go out to then get that just out of spite Just because beener boy told me how much I'm gonna hate it. It's not my style and I'm a funny dirty old fart who's got a very What was it a low Tolerance for one for for assholes your squeenish? Yeah, squeenish that's it. I'm squeenish. You'll love it Well, guess what no matter what I think I'm gonna come out just like you did with my daughter I'm gonna come on to my say god that was the best movie. I've seen you forget about reclame Forget about these other was that was sensational what have been fine if we would have had an ending that was a real pisser Here's Carl Springs hello Hello, yes, sir. Hey, Neil movie. I think I have the work and then it's been red line then red line Have you seen that no? Are you gonna say the ending of the movie in search of the beginning and you would have noticed difference? I'll be damned Okay, thanks pal. We got a man 1256 and 560 QM we got the Marlins stuff coming up at the bottom of the are please don't go away How this is rosio d'unnel and the clock I'm ice stomach says it's the Neil Rogers wanted to now Related to see your hair smells to rip it comes a new shampoo for the four leg and never a pure family Your beloved dog. It's new G your butts smells terrific give your pet the fresh please that his neighborhood Friends will appreciate G your butts smells terrific is the only all natural dog shampoo with just a hint of lemon for that fresh Clean but any dog will appreciate so the next time dogs come sniffing around your neighbor Will make sure your dog makes a good first impression shampoo your dog with G your butts smells terrific available at stores near me here you go There's one for our new trans funding fans 560 5056 the 18th and 10 Verizon Wireless line Worst ending most disappointing any of any movie in history tell Brian by the way next time you talk to me I really appreciate those fake endings oh Yeah, well, I'm talking about that was a real ending Here's a call from Miami. Hello, hello, yes, sir. Hi How about far from heaven? Far from heaven. Yes, never heard of it Have a heard of it now just Help love who you just out Who always the new way yeah, and the ending sucks ending sucks well what happens in the end so nobody will go see it That's kind of easy hanging You know, it's like You don't know what's gonna happen next Okay, thanks far from heaven. You don't know what's gonna happen next. Okay See I keep trying to tell you any movie you don't know what's gonna happen next. You know right Can you name me one movie that at the end you know what's gonna happen next? Well it happens all the time where it's really predictable. That's not a good thing Let's see here's a fact that says honestly. I'm not surprised being a boy is having a taste of the most own effect after all He's the force behind your website What does that mean? I don't know says so beena boy. Listen for a moment. You're one a dead or a lot alive by the sports geeks If you am a hechoo like something Plus Eric the cyber was it is watching you carefully in other words be real careful when you start your card Today your new car Anyway my choice for the pull is mafia The start was not good the middle was weak and by the end Jesus F.ing Christ bad is what it says So just in for Greg read new Qm line up tended to any K had 10 p.m Mo and the beast to the three in a morning We call it the mo zone Joe and Mark three to six six to ten for real and Steve big package goldburg goldstein whatever his name is Neil tended to mad dog two to four hammer four to seven the best of seven to seven thirty in in the marles Isn't that our lineup now? I think that's what it's supposed to be now only Mo keep showing up like to do five What has you got it on here? Three to two to three a.m sounds good to me Oh, we put those last two suggestions on their far from heaven and mafia Well, why not okay? Well, well, you're asking me. I'm just assuming all along that every time somebody mentions when we're building it on our list We had been but you were kind of like I don't know because I never saw either one of them did you see mafia? No, I never heard of it I think it's a comedy parody Blair Witch Project 115 Matrix reloaded 110 vanilla sky about 30 Crouching tiger a hidden dragon 25 Magnolia 16 cast away 14 have 14 signs 13 and 10 for a i Unbreakable and the last American virginy chant 10 and everybody all single digits Very serious. I've said that castaways even in there my Zen because it was a I had one of the better endings Of movies. It was nothing wrong with that ending It was a thing whoever called that originally will call back and we'll let the two of you will have a duel We'll have you find out there in a corner right by a truck sub center right on a corner 440 when I was very road The death spotted by Mo in the beast Here's for Lauderdale. Hello Neil good afternoon. Yes, sir. Good afternoon to you Did that get you here about to the death of David Brinkley. Yes. I mentioned that. Okay. I wasn't sure did I hear the first part of the show Oh Definitely the end of a mirror if you know when I'm pretty sad Yeah, and and update on the billboards the mobile board is down The one that was on the term fact that it'd been placed on the opposite side right yours is no longer there All right and We're still there, but of course the the old time has not been corrected yet. That's okay. This fellow name right George, he put me on hold a death someone websites for you for the Haca Oh, but I can put I can put you on hold this I I think you should ask Neil that on the air. What's that are we taking one break or two before a 413 One break are you out of your mind? Well, what do you think this is one of those sports shows that they use seven-ended brave to you crazy? We're doing a pair. Well, we're doing the opening for us sports Are you listening to what I'm saying smart ass? You see what happens with these punks how they get out of control you give it a little bit of rope and right away To why do I build a god damn real road with it? What are you trying to build with it? Two breaks you got it two breaks is a matter of fact. Let's do one now and then Yeah, oh, yeah, keep looking at that damn thing that's it in there The little black plastic thing. Oh, and it just keeps freaking me out are that It freaked me out so much that time I reached over to hit the play button and I like took my finger back Like I'm gonna break it in thing again 560 WQ and Winner boy to present the forl and gilly oh My boy You want to change your voice? Yeah, I want to grab leave when like you. I like how to do is grab your balls like that. What's that voice? I don't know. I don't mind fall. I'm gonna burn these with a fine towel. I'm gonna fall. You're a fool. You're a fool. I will touch your blood when the comfort will. I'm gonna fall. I'll fall. I'll fall. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you're a voice changing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We're a fool. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. I'll fall. I'll fall. I'll fall. It's a... The moment after one. I'll be honest with you. I gotta admit that little things sometimes distract me to the point where I like I could use a shrink. You know what I mean? Seriously, I mean, I've been off my feet. I've been off a balance here to hold a maybe you've noticed. Or maybe not. I should've said it. No, seriously, I've been like a little bit off. Just a hair. Just a little tiny curly hair. Because it is a little plastic black thing. It's not a big deal. It doesn't change the way it works or anything. Or it's fine. I think. Oh, wait a minute. Okay, one moment. Maybe it's not working fine. I hear like clicking in there. You hear that? Nope. Turn it up. There's nothing to turn up. Oh my god, don't tell me I broke this guy dancing. That would be really bad. Wouldn't it? Yeah. It would just slid in there. Do you want to get it? And I'm cwing up cut number five. But I heard his little clicking sound and the thing. Oh, see, I knew it. I must have had a premonition. Oh, then I broke my Denon CD deck. Well, I'm going to posky with it after the show. That's the best. Five, six, seven. Oh, five. Six. Five. Five. Five. Six. On the AT and T of where that's bad. That's really bad. Because if we have to posky around with engineers in here in the whole deal, just because Neil can't keep his equipment working right. That'd be as incompetent as the engineering there. Here's a fact from our chronic in focuses. I still don't like it. But I haven't heard anyone mention that in Blair Witch. The whole idea of the ending was that in the original murders. The children have been let one by one in the basement, a force to wait in the corner. Well, they have his each were killed. That's when while when a camera follows Heather down the stairs and just falls, you see one of the other two campers standing in court before it goes black. One. I guess that was supposed to be the shock at the end of the movie. George writes a note on this fact and says, we all got it. It was obvious to all. It's still suck like a gay horse, like war emblemas. Are we trying to say? Think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think. The end of the series. We didn't get the ending. Because I've gone through that before with people that were apologists through that movie. Oh, you didn't get it. See, it was like the, and then they're going to try to explain it to you. Well, got it. There was nothing mysterious about it. It was just a, a car. It was a piece of crap. Right. I just fixed this thing. I mean, tempered temporarily anyway. No, I have little things like that. It's just, I don't know. Maybe just me there. People like it. Like if something is out of place, you know what I mean? Yeah. For example, if I'm eating stuff, I'm sitting in a, I go to like the convenience store and buy some crap. Oh, and if I'm eating stuff and there's like a wrapper and I put it on the table on a table, I can't sit there and leave the wrapper there. I'll pick up the wrapper and take it right in the kitchen and throw in the trash. You need to call it a OCD. What does that mean? Obsessive compulsive disorder like hardly enough. No, I'm not. I have. Oh, yeah. What are your, your hopeless. I mean, let's face it. You're a good guy. But you're just, your life is hopeless. You know, in fact, that's like, maybe that's why you like Magnolia so much. I think she, I think she wrote that. You know, that song, Amy, man, was thinking about you. You just give up, you know, he could have been a storyline in that. Just think about it. The honor machine, the dog peeing on him. It was refreshing to know that other people have issues to air conditioning. Other people have issues, right? Other people get their ATM cards to eat and. Anyway, the chronic in focuses as far as smells like teens for a, the only thing you could make it better songs have included the end of this type drops that you added appropriate moments. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Hey, you like that. I like it. I still don't like that song. I don't care if I'm the only person on the face of the, I don't need to make Donalds and I don't like smells like teeness, Megmo. Okay. Sorry. No, I'm not sorry. I do not apologize. I'm both of you like it a lot, right? I like it a lot. I like it a lot. I don't like it. I don't like it. I don't like it. But I like it. And let me tell you about this VH1 list. Why really pisses me off so much. They're best 100 songs of the past 25 years. Number 12, Allen is more a set. You ought to know. Number 11. I'll go even beyond it. Van Halen jump. Please. It's like a novelty song. Right. Allen is more a set. You ought to know. Number 13, TLC waterfalls. Well, any guy that listed Scott TLC on it. They can take it and stuff it. Oh, there's a beat of voice there. That's a song of your life, man. Hmm. Hmm. There. Okay. Why, why, so? Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Number 16, no doubt. Any list that includes TLC and or no doubt. They can wipe their ass with. Oh, fans. Give it to that guy in the transporting. I like no doubt. Oh, please. Don't speak. I know doubt is the 16th best song in the last one. You know, like that's all. Number 18, for example, REM losing my religion. Which if that isn't in the top five, especially on this list, then my name is Emoshi Pupico. Okay. I mean, I realize it's all subjective. But what are we talking about here? Seriously. Crap. No doubt. TLC. Allen is more a set. Prince. Prince. Doctor, Dr. Dr. Featuring Snoop Doggy Dog and nothing but a G-thang. Oh, that's my favorite. That's my number one. Janet Jackson, nasty Bruce Springsteen. Born in the freaking USA. Britney Spears, baby one more time. Okay. Wow. I mean, we're all in Brittany, but it's a popularity list. Is a crap. What you. The only thing VH1 ever does that's good are those, uh, the flashback. Like those bits that we got, you know, inside your behind stuff like that. As a matter of fact, Clara says writing a little, I've loaded to the beast as we speak. It's in fact the heading of it is inside your back dome behind. Is where I dream to be. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Ha ha ha ha. I think we got something going. I guarantee you we'll get more people to watch that. Let's run out P.P. Park when I went to Marlins around the road. And I guarantee you will get more people to pay 10 bucks to watch that. Then you'll ever get to see a Marlingame ever. Clarence, Mounts, the Beast. Oh, don't wait for the movie. Blair Wich project 117 is moving back on top. Worst or most disappointing ending of any movie of all time. Oh, and, uh, Lin, who of course is more positive than I'm a negative person. But she's, uh, looks on a positive side. She said, how about we'll be with the best ending. And she's just Arlington Road. Very good ending. Well, how do you like that? There's a full for you Sunday. I'm not going to do that, Paul. But I do. But I do. Did you really? During the vacation best ending. Are you serious? I don't remember what one, but yeah, we did that. It's in road. It's good. Is it better than the big Lebowski? I haven't seen Big Lebowski. Well, that's both given. Here's a plantation, hello. Hey, Neil, on the movies. It was probably more of a budget deal with this movie than anything else. But the ending of Holy Grail. Still to this day, and I've seen it probably a hundred times. Right. Yeah. I want to move this appointing ending ever. You know, whether they're, their points, they're getting ready to, to attack the tap on the police. Come on, everybody, and that's the end of the movie. Yeah, you're right. Like, that was favorite movies of all time that I agree. Yeah, you're right. I made it to one of those, they're building up, building up, and all of that. And like I said, what then was probably more of a budget deal than anything else. Yeah, they're going on a cash. Yeah, probably. Okay, thanks, Paul. Anyway, all right. Good choice. Yeah, that's a good choice. And that was my point. I mean, the beginning. I mean, if it's a crappy movie in the first place, so what differences do we make if the ending, in fact, if it's really all I'd bad, you probably walked out before the end anyway. But if it's a good movie, and the ending is really, that's why worst or most disappointing ending. Right. And see what he just said, the Holy Grail. Let's say with example of that. When you got out and like for example, Donnie Darko. I mean, what was that? What the hell? After all this big build up, and after all this stuff with the, these rays are coming out of people's puppets, and they got these, you know, they, the big bunny rabbit, Frank, and all this other crap in extra terrestrial. And what, what happened here? And what happened with their plane in the mommy, the engine falls on the house. But now mommy's back out there. She's up against the tree smoke and a faggot, and the little kids across the street are waving like very sadly and rightfully so. Poor Donnie, you know? Either one of you seem to think. Nope. I was good. Don't. I read it. Don't. Remember, I rented it. And the honey, the ending of that movie is bad enough to make you a very bitter person. Okay. Okay. I don't want to say thank you. Thank you for saving me. I'm serious. The ending will, we'll make you very, I'm serious. This was a good concept. Everything was just fine. And now you, you stay in just stuck a right of my ass. That would ruin my day if I saw that. Therence, so did one. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. Here's a call from Bokeh. Hello. Pretty good. I wanted to just tell you an unbelievable story. My wife and I went to see Mom and have to be in the theater across the street from Century Village. Momento. Momento, I mean, yeah. And before the lights went down, the manager walked down the middle of the aisle. And the place was filled with, you know, old people of course. And I said, oh my god, here comes the projectors broke and they're going to give us our money back to something. She goes ladies and gentlemen. She says, I just want you all to know that this is a very confusing movie. It's beginning of this movie. Really? And she goes, you may, many people have asked for their money back. This is a very, I said, oh my god, can you, I said, do the projectors. She had a sprained into them. Don't you understand? Oh, Emily, I thought I thought of you immediately. And I, I know, sir, I hope she spoke of nice and loud, so everybody can hear what she was saying. Oh, people got up and left. They're like, oh, well, I can't. I can't deal with that to begin the beginning of the movie. Really the end? What's he, what's she talking about? There was out of it. Yeah. Probably the best favorite she ever done. Yeah. I thought you get to kick out of that. Thanks for the good news, pal. See you. They reminds me of one time we did a show. I talked about this a million times. WNWS1. All fart hotels on the Hell and they'll be full of them. Yeah. And I have Dr. Marvin Dunn and Dr. William Wilbank. So that's why we're talking about race and crime, race relations and crime, and all these old years, is there after waiting for the free food in the back of the room? And during the break, the salesperson, I think it was that bitch Ellie Gray. She comes over to the moon and whisper's mayor. Oh, you got to change the topic. The audience doesn't like the topic. The median age there was was there plus 10. The home mark. The home mark. She wane. The lollypoth little boy. Hey man. What the hell were you? I'm Kurt Cobain. I was in the group, Nirvana man. I don't like them. Good night, ladies and gentlemen. She just gets hot too, and I was the albums. I had many hit records. I was the moped top on top of the world until I married the cook. And you'll shop mad. Hi. I'm Mama Cas. Avoid the ham sandwich. I'm Karen Carpenter. Can I have it? I don't listen to the king. I can't please. Oh shit. The fuck up. How you doing, Kurt? I'm buddy, Holly. Have you seen my glasses? Hey. Look at all these other place cards in my table. He's Richards, Sinatra, and all of the black crows. Yeah. There'll be a new town for dinner. You hold it, hockey. Excuse me. What the fuck? What's that? Oh man. That's just the armor that drummer feller from definitely it harder. Something like that. Now, what time we got to get out of here? We got the Marlon Pregame show come up momentarily. Do we know? Oh, uh. Oh, that. No, seriously. What time do we have to get out of here? I'll tell you, go see if anybody else is there. I was always there. I was there for just a second. I'm asking what time we got to get out of here. Silence like, oh, okay. If you're lucky, I didn't just get up and walk away. And I'm thinking that's it. That's it. We got to it is? No. The big. You'll be sorry. Marlon Pregame show 130 to 2. The Marlon set the bros. I mean, 2 really embarrassing teams to 05. 2 teams will be the lower no reason for existence. The hampers have to the game. The big 7 o'clock tonight. It decayed 10 to as usual. And Joe and Mark overnight, it says here 2 to 6. Maybe just maybe they gave Joe and Mark their 5 to 6 hour back. The beast? I'm sorry. I think you've part of these points. Clarence. Call the city. Yes? Call the city that I'll just. Just putting music on what's going to 9. Go figure this plan music now. Can we head a mokadron? Any instruction from the beast or his boyfriend? 118 votes. Flare which project worst the most disappointing of a movie ever. Flare which one 18. Matrix reloaded 112. Vanilla Sky 32. Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon 25. Everybody else. Small Taters. That's what that guy in the. Transpotting City Fund inside that whole small Taters. I thought they felt like Taters. Spud. Spud was it that? Yeah. That's why Phil needs better spooky voice. Small Taters. Big Hose. Small Taters. No, no. Give it as what parents need. Big Hose. Can't think of a second one in the beast. The Big Hose. Big Hose. Big Hose. Big Hose. Big Hose. There's no mokadron. Big Hose. Big Hose. I'm dying out there. This is how Florida's only real sorcery. WLT-1. A piece of broadcast Crucision. WQAM.com. For more more more more more more more more more more more more.