I guess did a Leafs open to 9 let's ask Neil. I did a leaf. No, they never open They're not playing this year. They're laying out after all their play-offs. I Montreal Canadians will be here at the ACCA. Hey, are they Playing what did they open on the road? Let me see it again. They'll be here at the ACC. So yeah, I guess the Leafs will be opening on the road since Okay, I can eat this will be here in Toronto. So who did they actually put their first game against? You notice how he's lost it and the good news though, you'll be very pleased to hear. But I'm starting a recall campaign since Arnold inspired me with a big recall in California. Yeah, recall Well, recalling Mo Howard. I love it. Yeah. I told George to make up a hundred little sluts of paper and pass him out around a building and then at the end of the show we'll count them all up and see if there are any No votes. I don't think so. They will be unanimous. Can I vote twice? I'm gonna vote 100 times. What a miserable son of a bitch. I don't want to say I told you so because I told you so What a front-running phony sports time. It wasn't you finally admitted I was right all of these things. What did I tell you about him? You're good close golfing buddy your buddy from New York. I told you it wouldn't be long. He'd stab your ass in a back and when you're on the Friing pan now he's putting God damn butter into Oliver. I love talking bad about me on the air, but it's too easy for me to talk bad about him too easy. It's hard for him to grab. What a trigger. He's talking he's talking at the wrong tree because everybody loves the show and you can talk bad about me all day and people just think he's a dick. The one that goes to show you. I can't say that. That person you're the only one made an effort made an attempt after he showed his true colors to like be a little bit supportive of this son of a bitch and he turns around and stabs you right into back. Right. Sticks his foot right up your crack. That's right. That's right. Yeah. But that's where you can't say crack. I can't say I can't say it but you can't say it. No, but it's my show now you can say whatever you want. I'm scared to death to even say it on your show because it's your station. I just I show I mail it in He talked to the National Garden New Hampshire and he said duty. So if the president can say duty I think you've been said I just am so scared doing not just a great read just say do your duty. That's all listen. I got a better idea. Say how do you do to I'm scared to death of Greg read. Are you really yeah, I don't believe that. I'm scared to death at Greg read. Yeah, a shadow of a human He's like it. Let's do a package deal. Let's recall Mo and Greg. That sounds good to me. I like him until I found out how soft he was. Oh, you just inspired me. I'm going to put Greg read on it. List for the first poll George. We got to put Greg on here. You want to know what my first up. Poll is today. Who's the real smith headed Q.A.M. Oh, well, I don't know. Probably me because I'm a smart ass, right? Well, I don't think you're on there, but you won't get too many votes. We know who it is. Don't we know absolutely. I know the business. I love the guy. It's got to get get Scott to play. Like he's got all kinds of great Mo. Let's just fire off a few of them. Let's just craft this balloony about. Oh, well, the meals my main man and our buddies. You know something mo you can stuff that damn weasel right up your old craigy ass if you have room in between a dingo berries. And in just blow it up like when he shows up some days and the things like crooked. Yeah, it's a little bit funny. Very resol. Either or what a piece of crap. What a piece of duty man. We hate you mo like poison. Give it away presence to the so yeah. He's give away stuff. Let it get in there me now. He's he's sleeping with the enemy and I do probably mean He loves it. Man, he loves he gets off on that. He should watch it back in that both man. Do you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna put I'm gonna. I'm gonna. I'm gonna let that guy. I like it. Power is a very strong and a whole audience knows that. I'm gonna start every day Putting a hex I'm gonna get him all how we're David and Voodoo doll and we start sticking pins in it. I'm gonna there's some horrible You think that poor what a tiger had a problem. You just wait. I'm gonna conjure up some evil spell and His demise is gonna be one of the ugliest nastiest things that's ever happened in his B man kind. I think that That sounds wonderful. Yeah, and you know I think I think I think I agree You can a bitch. I think great shit invite the guy that that's trying to bring the station down to a sneeze Invite him to do the play by private Howard on Sunday at the jacks game. You know, we give him tickets I'll guide the to the nationwide search and brought in the lowly mohower David It was been canned out every place he's ever been in the universe because everybody hates him like poison He's a leader of man. You can tell so he knows how to find talent. That's easy for Greg. Yeah, he's a leader Let me say it again anybody who will hold anybody when Greg read how they He'll take all these new but sexual harassed Tell me Arnold Schwarzenegger having a Seminar about anti-Semitism. He said to me one day. He said because I meet with him every day. He said to me You know you guys make fun of me and I can take it you can dish out all you can dish out because I can take it and I know He can't take me. He can't take me if I did this for five days He would he started wearing a dress good. We'll start doing it. That's all I have to say have a nice day We know what I hope they have ant problems in here. They should check out the assistant they got falling on my head I'm gonna sue them all right I'm just pissed off and fired up. I already had the Historian but I just thanks for fact seeing whoever said it. I got it I'll just read the first paragraph now and say the rest of the later Cat lecture just telling people I'm country stripping by AIDS not to use condoms because they have tiny holes in them through which the HIV virus can pass potentially exposing thousands of people to risk. How do you like that huh? What a piece of turn. I would be a good poll question. Who should croak first the Pope or Mohal David although I know no contest no No contest because the Pope is just a pawn of a corrupt organization But Mohal he's evil he is the epitome of evil he's evil incarnate I want to tell us ocean reef hello Hey, yes, sir How did I beg your pardon How did you do and you open up his mouth and said the usual crap that he says that that's the answer schmuck How did I how did I how did I how did I That's probably how it's boyfriend on there Sounds a little tongue tied Or maybe just like tied up in a corner waiting for mode to get home. Oh, he's already home. He's up there in vocalist and right now Hey listen, I'd he test you you grisselo for you could you piece of crap man and I've been telling you on his sister It's not stick that it's the truth and he comes on her oh no deals my man But my best friend you should only die a wicked death with your lemon green pants on okay, and I hope your musk rat leaves home Oh, that's right What we're gonna do just like when Mussolini when they finally caught up to his ass We're gonna hang him right outside and further building from the flagpole upside down with his musk rat hanging loose And his his bag his bag in one hand and his musk rat and the other one and let people throw rotten tomatoes and eggs Grisselo that's you koot you backstabbing fool. I told you was just a matter of time didn't I tell for real I don't know people have to learn their own lessons But I told him that months and months ago I said hey you just wait You think he's your buddy and your friends in New York Hill stabby in a back when you're down when you need a friend When everybody else comes to you right because everybody on this radio station with a brain Everybody with a name and I don't know how you could dislike for all personally because he's a he's a he's a panic He's a hoody's a fun guy But even if he didn't like him the fact that a matter is he's the savior at his radio station when he came along He came at a time when Mo was killing us when we were taking a pummeling And along came for a while and he was like the great white hope man the great Lily wife psychotic hope And now that the the local community Decent sea a standard bear has decided to make him his next target Wacky Jackie has decided to make for us next target Who's the one person on a radio station that nobody doesn't come to his defense but also piles on Well that their shock talk is all over and he's finished in his market above above and just you know ripping them in Assuring his true colors black and blue and Brown believe you me he's got the biggest ugly brown eye ever seen him In fact from total to the um weasel. It says one gigantic big brown eye that's mo Man, oh man does he make me sick to my stomach or oh what? And of course we could take the survey, but what's the point because you know everybody in the building it's unanimous Including George and the beast and everybody else. He's tried to get canned out of there Caroline you name it nobody was good enough for him and at show And probably the only reason he's hanging on the guilty on this because there's nobody else in the building stupid or desperate enough to be on At show with him because they know it's just a matter of time You catch my drip. Do I sound a little bit worked up today? Good excellent like I said good Cuz I'm doing my duty in what I mean, oh, I'm doing my duty like a president said my best Anyway before we get I got to results Eric from yesterday's pool. I made a copy already shouldn't go ahead and put the first one on there Because I think it's time to find the sugar in the wood pile is what it is And I like to have an opportunity to cast my vote many many many many times on this pool This is our preliminary poll later on. We got another one like usual I always say I'm a two-fold man myself Who's the real smith head at WQA and that's our question today? That's poll number one. Who's the real smith head at WQA? M to bed we don't have Todd Schmidt working on this stage now. You could be a smith head and like I said it's good thing We don't have him. Here's the list More Howard David it Greg Reed you'll have to write that in there because I forgot about him. I got to tell us until for all remind him he was addressed Scott for real Steve Galde Goldstein Neorogger's your drug regus demanded tank will forget capon Joseph Gackie the big And don't know why only listening to me. Allows you your choices as we have our search For the real smith head at WQA and the sugar in the wood pile The problem child that's what we're looking for is there many doot Is there well that's why we're taking a poll. So I could have said no, but otherwise then I would like You know Deel legitimize our pool. I am I will make a I will build myself a little I'll get the materials today some paper machine some pins Yeah, and like a little tiny miniature weasel low wig Who do don't I'm gonna make my mohower David at voodoo dome. I'm gonna start sticking it Starting in the back dome right Now I'm putting an evil hex you'll see and of course every time he has like wild bloody diarrhea or he trips in the falls and where his peace comes flying up He'll be thinking about me that and you know what you'll be right because I'm gonna put a hex on you Nothing you can do about it There are no laws against putting an evil hex an evil curse or spell on somebody else and I'm putting a spell Who was that was that Jay Hawkins? Screaming Jay Hawkins I put a spell on you sure I think so Wow, wish I had that record maybe book a brand I was gonna give it I got the internet something like that. Oh, would that be great? I'm putting an evil spell on mohoy wait until it starts crawling up your ugly old grizzled ass Wow, are you gonna feel the effect to that Although you know what they say where there's no sense there's no feeling 1013 at 560 WQM attention audio mortgage shoppers out there the following message could save you a lot of cash tens of thousands of dollars Interest rates for home loans are shooting up dramatically, but there's still an interest rate available just one 0.95% from our friends at financial group no less so call and find out a boot it call 1-800-940 Your economy is changing so if you even think about refinancing your home or if you want to move up to a really better real estate Investment y'all to check this out because with 1.95% you get low low affordable monthly payments like When you have a hundred thousand dollar loan you're only 360-8 a month a 200 thousand dollar on your payments are only 736 a month You can't be to a mistake so call financial group right now hurry cuz interest rates are climbing You can still get that amazing unbelievable low 1.95% interest rate call financial group 2 day at 1-800-940 lend and get all the info you be looking for call 1-800-940 l e and d the renequal housing lender credit restrictions apply rates up did change monthly 5.19 APR Yeahball the craren your勾 Malie them block of I'm not sure if I can get the gold that under my clothes I whip empty holes. But that's no mean that I'm gay. If you think my arms have had your and I see my legs, I might as well keep on smoothing, shave, to show a little glass the next time I'm raping him. I can go to a surgeon, but that gives me the shivers. I would not want to walk, I would not like John Ridders. I would wear my hair. I'd buy a lovely, stifet little free. I did him a paper, now we can afford to meet. But reason I dismissed that, they can plant past him. Because he wouldn't shut up, and he can't play conaster. I should have been told, but nobody talked when I raped. I raped and you talk. Look at me, I'm hit hit, I ain't nowhere. I'm a thing done, daddy, man. I'm really dead. I buy her any one I want. I don't care, but if they make me flip my wig made a spally green hair. I got high in myself, it even happens to the grids. Once one said you can add a hair loss, we break your legs. So now I sit by the pool, life's as good as it gets. My toilet and cartel, placing bets on the jeans. We've got her dits. Herities, I don't kiss nobody's hands and power it dits. I'll be sure enough the screw gets when I get the change. But the cleanest aren't ready with my line green pants. I won't do that take, I'll be calling the plate. And we just a little thought, so what I let this day. I think that's funny, I know what that was, buddy. I can do what I want, because the man is revloves me. Give me a tell you something, oh, something you ought to know. But oh, I don't know, but oh, it's time I want to do to me my go. Who am I, type thou? Now I am afraid, tell me. Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who do you want? I don't take no for an answer to that. But it's time to let you. I have to answer. Who the door door door door door? Who the door door door? Who the door door? Who the door door? Hey, Morris, they say an Ethiopia die dienu. 1018 is 560WDQM. Here's a call from West Palm Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. Hi, Frank. Hello. I'm black, and I love what you say, Schwatsa or Herkhu. Yeah. And it doesn't offend me. I think it's funny, because I grew up in New York, right? Well, there you go. Everybody in New York is Jewish, even if they're right. We had a black neighborhood with a Jew neighborhood. Yeah, and Reekens are Jewish and they were. And we had Germans there, and I grew up with the kid. A German kid in mother, called me Schwats. And his mother was actually a, a group, a Nazi youth. Back in Germany. And so, I mean, I mean, I mean, you know, like Arnold's daddy. So those words never bothered me. I think it's really funny, you know, a lot of people say it like a, like a, like a supposed to be something really big, you know? Hey, that the, um, the, the, the finally going to fact you the thing about the Pope, that I've been facting for three days when I called in. What was the thing is that, you know, you keep threatening to factively, you never do. No, no, I did fact it. I did fact it. Oh, but you got to get it up there where we are, you know? I'm on hangin' it up here as a matter of fact. And the other one about Kathy O'Brien, a lady who was in, who was in the migrant troll program was something, CIA and she, you know, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, and C, and much of others. So I said you just pre-loved tippet pages of that. Okay, well, check out for your tidbits. Okay, man. Thanks a lot, pal. Great. Okay, there's much for our friend. What was he talking about? Okay, here's the preliminary result. Hold us up now. Who's the real Schmidt head at QAM? And I'm looking at these preliminary results. I think it's okay. I think we've been given a green light to go ahead with the recall campaign on Mo. And get his early obnoxious ass off the year out of the building so that we can all, like, read the fresh air. We can, like, have oxygen. We can live. We can actually smile again. 48 votes. Who's the real Schmidt head at QAM? Low, Howard David at 19. Is there any doubt? Absolutely not. I don't know. I only listen to Neil 12. Greg Reid 4. George has got 3. They think you're a little Schmidt head. Yelde's got 2. I got 2. Hank Goldberg's out of here. But I don't know. Hank called in. Thanks for the tip, Hank. But I hadn't even heard that story. Somebody made up a bonus story about Wayne was in Chicago. Wayne, high pinga. Ruding for the cubs. Coming to find out he was named in Chicago. So as much as we despise in hate him like poison. The fact that a matter was, you know, hate him for the real reasons because he's a prick that because he's rooting for the cubs. Anyway, Humper's got a pair. Only one vote for the man dog. One for Joseph Gackie. One for the big. Uh, one for Scott for Row. And I'm pretty chaotic. The first 48 votes. Who's the real Schmidt head a QA? Because there's no question about it, especially this week. We're discovering no question. There's a, there's a chicken in a wood pile. And we're going to get to the bottom of it. And we're going to find out who's the mole. Who's in the hole? Who has the hole? Who's got a jelly roll? All these things. That's why we take these. And it was speaking of policy these days. Well, this will take me too long. Or we'd all these. And it's interesting. Well, the reason that there's some of these didn't get any votes is because a lot of more on that long list from the internet that the guy said, but I, it was good that he sent it. 872 vote. What was the most horrifying death scene ever in a movie? American history, X, the curb stomping murder 119. You, I peaked my curiosity. So I'm going to go out and get it. It was something. See, I don't mind violence. I just don't like too much duty. You know, that's that, well, no duty spot or whatever that thing was. I'm just, I'm sorry. I'm not going to watch that. Anyway, American history X, 119. Change, saw scene in Scarface 112. And after that, those were the two contenders. It was a good battle. A good battle. The alien eruption in Alion, 62. The baseball, bad at and buried alive. In Casino, 61, the Charleston, and Psycho 48, which in its time was very scary would gently. See, I remember today, Pinkery and Janet Lee and Jackie Lee. Saving pride Ryan the Nazi night killing 38. Fargo the wood chipper 37. Was the wood chipper? Oh yeah, and pepper. Much of chipper Jones ain't too chipper right now. Jaws bitten in half, dude bitten in half 30. Hannibal disemboweled and hung. 27, not necessarily in that order. Uh, melting Nazis and waiters at the lost arc. Oh! Time with the rectum murder and irreversible. Back to them each had 24. Fedded at in 723, also 23 for the accidental face shot in Pope fiction 23. Russian relayed in the deer 101. Hellraiser skin ripped apart by fish hooks 20. Uh, the godfather, the turbo tuning centine, or they shot sunny out of a causeway. Made him a piece of Swiss cheese. He had 20, 20 vote. Father Karris dies in the exercise he played in like a little fall. Down those stairs 17. I can't hook it into him. Of course for a priest to take it into him. I guess ain't all that unusual. Speaking of priest the impaled priest in the ominette 16. The hit your genifer Jason Lee pulled apart 16. You're right. I do have to see that again because I forgot. I, uh, he tried to rescue her, but uh, to lay it. Yeah. I don't see it. I remember that. Cause in your right. Cause they think that's the two scenes that stick in my mind. Most more Nathan else was the um finger finger. The finger food and the restaurant where he had the finger in a fries. And then of course at the end winner, they got the record. All right. I didn't see record hour last night. You went on smallville. Yeah. Boy, oh, boy, did Tom well. And look good now or what? And of course poor laner. She's saying, oh, you hurt me. Clark, you hurt me. Well, first of all, he's six foot four. He's got size 14 shoes. Okay. So if figures now that the two of them are getting pretty close. I was going to say tight, but I guess that wouldn't have been a right word. Uh, then maybe he did hurt her somewhere along the line. Anyway, the scene in the hit your. Where see Thomas how it spits in Rutger how his face. And Rutger how or like sits there and with his finger, he likes. Moves it around on his cheek and on his chin. The spittle, yeah. Yeah. And they're like, look at each other like, but anyway, yeah. Uh, we're not leaving. Uh, drawn and corded and brave hard 14. Well, I hope that was Mel Gibson. It was drawn and corded. Yes. Good. Stamped, stomped. I see this. It's a stand. Stamped kick last stabbed and shot in good fellow 13. The lasers in the resin evil 13. He capitaled by glass up your, uh, the Omen 12. Lust death in the seven head 10 votes. Hacked it at by machete. The apocalypse now had nine. Uh, flesh eating scarabs. How about them flesh eating Arabs? In the mummy that had eight. And then the seven votes of Pete. I'll just give the ones with seven and after that, uh, skill crushing and platoon. Stand in the shower, psycho. Well, that's the shower scene. That what he means, starts at the shower. What was that? That's the shower scene. Yeah. So that had 55 votes instead of 48 because there's seven more. Another listening. Do a very more murder, uh, seven in screen shot by Colombian scar face seven. And the devil's advocate came to life. Uh, can't reach life at seven. And the other's head like just just a little tiny spot here and there was big of a tiny spot. The wife of Marilyn Governor Robert Urlick made an inadvertent figure of speech once he said she would shoot pops in your Britney Spears. And she had the chance the first lady spoke to him and said yesterday. Ha ha ha ha ha. While speaking of an domestic violence conference had hood college in the hood in Frederick Merlin, Kendall Urlick said it's important for women to get as much education as possible to avoid being dependent on anybody else. Scott need a higher close to coast. Her spokeswoman, Megon Sowinsky said Urlick is working a working mother raising young sons. He made an inadvertent comment while expressing her concerns about the influence of pop culture on children. Just to slip of the tongue like a slip of the finger on the trigger. Play. Chive records in New York based label that represents beer, sitting in an email statement that Urlick had shot her own self in the foot by promoting violence. How do you like that? Yeah. What do we do with stupid irresponsible pictures like that? Who opened up a mouth and say idiot statement? Shoot them in the leg. Sounds like a winner. My life and love. This is for 2056. You and you and you and you and you and you and you. Hey Farrow. By the way, so I've been given it some thoughts. See, how many tickets I know is that me and you in the do. Much better go in six to ten and not in five. A gentile in the cranky tune. I think we might be happy to get there. I think you really got out of your mind. You got to have your weary bed. Scrap out to time. No chance I'll always show it to you. I'd rather die with the graphics and get there. Why? I'll help you know that I'm a big, lovely tune from Brooklyn High. I've been raped by a very body but you. You're not high, Tony. We know this is that with love. No way that is we had a fight that you survived. We'd want to hear a genetile. And push it down. That's crappy because I'm a... I'm going for a toy. I'm going for a toy. I'm going for a toy. I'm going for a toy. I'm going for a toy. I'm going for a toy. And so would you and me. For me, is much better since ten and not five. It's only right that I should get more sleep at night. I think we might. Be happy, take it, take it. Let's push this one. I think we can do it. One, one. What can we be like? One, one, one, one. One, one, one. One, one, one. One, one, one, one. One, one, one. One, one, one. One, one, one. One, one. One, one. One, one. One, one, one, one. One, one. Four, one, one. One, one, one. Four, one, one. That was a movie. Ten, thirty three, five, sixty, W To Kim. Today we draw the line in the sand for the last time. Mo Year on one side of it. And the whole world is on the other side of it. Must be loamy on it, it was so hollow. He's always got his wizo to keep him warm, you know. And a sort of it. 113 votes on a pull so far. Who's the real Schmetanted WQAM? Mo Howard David at 38. Way up there on top. I don't know why I only listen to Neil 27. Greg Reed though has got 17 a respectable Third place Jorge Rodriguez eight the Humper has got six for Illinois's have four the big is got three Steve Gell the Yellowsteam's got three Mad dogs that appear Joseph Gackie one and none for any K no buddy I didn't even bother putting Joe and Mark on there because you know my bother Right right they're running away hours in a morning addition, which parents didn't even put their show on a schedule today So I guess that goes to show where they're on the peckering order or QAM So I would do put them on there I really think it's a good idea. We could probably like sell off the either the orange bull or the PPS state He laughed at a world serious After mode dies of dishorrible death whatever it holds gonna be after some wild reptile calls up his grizzled Electom and the eats him from the energy to make that Human who in significance and then we just will just to get the body and we'll hang it right from a gigantic flagpole and it Mithfield a PPP part well you laugh at a bi think or maybe from the mound or maybe from home plate And we could let everybody pelted with rotten tomatoes and eggs and cram and things I prefer lawn darts Here's a fact that just came in dear guy and I see even Scott Junior it despises him hates this man like poison but you've only been there what about a month now? Yeah, it doesn't take too long to get jaded around here Only about a month and he's learned it despises this man like poison and which nothing but evil on him Seriously, I'm not exaggerating. This is the most evil doer I've ever counted there's just no meeting in the minds there's no way there's no accommodation because sooner or later And usually sooner it just he just pops. He just loses it and he turns on everybody No wonder everybody's ever worked with everybody who knows him despises and reviles and hates him like poison Like arsenic on two legs not smit on two legs That's another story. There's a lot of people in that category right Craig But arsenic on two legs and we have a van hit today The loving Miguel will be out there noon to two today. This is sponsored by George's best personal friends the real yellow pages from Bells off Why is it sponsored by anybody I mean it's a ban no I don't know I mean it's already at a commercial location. It's a power sports room the two at one or at 10 90 West Sun rise Boulevard for a lot of them What does that all about curious Sarner? I'd like to know what we're getting from our good friends at Yeah, get your best in the Elmerchandized the best of meal CD the one where I'm farting on most grave in his face Which has got more meaning now than ever and of course also the best of a mo key chains which is saying a lot This is better That's maybe that's a reason we're having such a tough time raise the money this year because nobody wants So most key chains you better get it though. It might be a collector's item If things happen a way that I'm gonna pray that they are and that we're trying to raise money for a man in periske Which has a beer study we had 30,000 and 25 bucks also and he never has clarified this because it's his a pair of tickets So I don't know if that means that you can win a pair of tickets or if we got several pair or just one pair to October fest this weekend If he twem in American club in Hollywood, I'm sure we have more than eight pair well the mod is it's a pair You know why don't I say a bunch of pairs In fact maybe you can win some pairs then you can throw them at most body when we hang it outside the building from the flagpool I get along with Mussolini Benito Benito, Finiito, Finiito Mo You know what I mean? Absolutely here's this facts ionic breeze Middle strip is energized this particles for the same price you can buy two nine to eight nineteen is TVs from Walmart and plug them in The particles clean to something with a positive charge the screen will collect more dust than the organic breeze because the tube received by the Adi Adi Adi Adi Adi Adi and it goes on and on and on and on Is this the sponsored people is that what this is from? No, I think this is somebody that just knows their science No, I don't think so. I think this is from that. Well whoever it's from it says you can put 20 ionic breeze in the QM restroom And we'll never move the stench for Moses. There you go now. We're talking see the whole world the whole world a hate you mo It's not just me. It's not just for real. It's not just George. It's not just Scott. It's not just the Humper. It's not just everybody in the goddamn building It's not just muffin clearance who wish that you would die a wicked wicked death Anyways, does that understand how QM can afford to have Mo on the air is there any fiscal responsibility of QAM? Forget all the other fodder isn't money the almighty decision maker. Yeah for your fodder for your fodder In fact, let's give him a piece of cake as part of his going away party Oh, can you just imagine I would fly it on for that For the going away party for Mo yeah Tell Scott the world to stop talking about himself as if you were God and then and then the same breath wine about being censored Sounds like a pussy to me who likes his paycheck more than his honors says of the C.A. G whatever that means and George you're a Dan good DJ A wildbiker plane some great Schmidt. I think it was Friday I'd rather hear the Posse from five to eighth than Howard David good music is like caffeine We only plenty of those hours have you considered a weekly syndicated music show There's a large shot at Scott, but that's okay. He and Adelaide Seattle censored the fact is if they want to rip us all be my guest that's what we're here for is to take abuse because the show is in South Florida the home of abuse And eight 143 votes who's the real Schmidt head at WQM? Do we know the answer? You bet Mo Howard David 49. I don't know I only listen to Neil 32 22 point few percent Reg reads got 26. There's not a catch out of his layman Jorge Rodriguez 12 the Humper seven for Alan Elych have four The big oh Has got three Geldies got three mad dog twos a gacky one and still none for any cake. Come somebody vote for any case Gonna feel left out The Catholic church talk about iris responsible talk about real crap The Catholic churches telling people and country's stricken by AIDS not to use condoms because they have tiny holes in them Through which the HIV virus can pass potentially exposing thousands of people to risk The church is making the claims across four continents despite a wide spread scientific consensus that condoms are impermeable to the HIV virus Once again lined of the public spreading misery and suffering and death Because they want to perpetuate their own bullcraft because they want to dictate their dictators a senior Vatican spokesman backs the claim about permeable condoms despite assurances by the WH That they are on true The churches claims are revealed in a BBC one panorama program section the Holy City We broadcast the Sunday the president of the Vatican's Pontifical Council for the family Cardinal Alfonso Lopez through Heo pull the program the AIDS virus is roughly 450 times smaller than the Spurmett's is on These spermates is on could easily pass through the net that is formed by the condom right These margins of uncertainty should represent an obligation on the part of the health Ministries and all these campaigns to act in the same ways they do with regard to cigarettes Which they stay to be a danger the WHOS condom the Vatican you saying These incorrect statements about condoms in HIV are dangerous or facing a global pandemic Which is already killed more than 20 million people and currently affects at least 42 million The organization says consistent and correct condom use reduces the risk of HIV infection by 90% There may be breakage or slippage of condoms, but not the WHOS's holes to which the virus can pass and believe me The only hole that they know about a the Vatican is the good old rectum They know lots about that Confectious Speed Don't die democracy I am a skillet, and I am stuck. Oh! When's it wrong if don't I've got Jesus, reach out back? Back home Jesus Christ is so rare, He never shot a church. Once in one, if don't I'll load him, if he's a church, you're trying. Okay. Stop, stop, stop. Get him in the grass. The part is not stopped. He makes his fucking mouth. The part is not stopped. He's a group of hands. The part is not stopped. The part is not stopped. The part is not stopped. The part is ... The part is not ... The tip of A day to demise, The part is not stopped. It sounds like wrong. 아직 he died of loyalty. The telling what he can do, The post of the film, the music to be heard, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film from the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of the film, the post of.. the post of the film, the post of .. the post of.. the post of .. the post of.. the post of the film, the post of.. the post of the film. The post of the film, the post of .. 초 sight but? The post of the film. government in Canada moved quickly to push through its controversial build of East criminal sanctions for pot smokers to which we say. Oh, right. Yeah. Justice Minister Martin Koshaan that it will employ a little of the US legislative tool he's employing his tool to refer the pop bill not for the standing justice committee, but directly to why especially we constitute the committee. That comments committee was one of two parliamentary committees examining pot laws last year recommending easing criminal penalties as Senate committee went further recommending legislation. Once it was a table to the council say that the bill would decriminalize possession of 15 grams as many as 30 marijuana joints by proposing fines instead of a criminal conviction and record for offenders and they're trying to get this past before Christmas is what they're trying to do. Oh, I don't know why he's taking any time. Okay. And here's the fact from that first bozo who was about to read, but about yeah, from Ocean Reef. Okay. Maybe we could put Mo up there on a re-footest clown. Artificial read, of course. Says you should not know your communities, Mr. That's right. Ocean Reef is a fine upstanding neo-conservative fascist community located just North and Key Largo off Kartsound Road. We have more money than God and keep riff rap off our island. We're protected by whack and not an ADT and DDT. So don't even try. Please advise your listeners who might be traveling to Elliott Key this weekend for the Columbus Day regatta. Not to even try to stop at our island community. Hey, let's not do well at visitors. Don't even try. And by the way, Mo up here thinking about coming back to work tomorrow, don't even try. Our patrol boats of orders to intercept any attempted revelers from assorting our pristine beaches with their vulgar behavior, what did Mo say to Win Salt Scott? Say, again, Win Salt Scott. You didn't get any of it. More on your an idiot. Stay there on Karts and wherever to head you are. X-general Clark gives up paid speeches and returns fees. This guy's got some problems, a little bit of a west, you know? Retired general Wesley Clark will give no more paid speeches that are a quite a presidential candidate spokesman said yesterday. After the Washington Post reported he may have broken the law by touting his 2004 run for the White House. This coming just a day after his campaign chairman said, audio, sorry, but there it's a stelawego, usd the cameo vdus. The FEC prohibits candidates from accepting speaking fees from corporations, labor unions, individuals who are universities for campaign related events. He announced his candidacy for Democratic nominations of September 17 since then he's made several paid speaking appearances and college campuses, but FEC officials said it was unclear as to whether he's done anything wrong. They're looking into it. They're taking a peek. Oh, god, in the course we got the ghetto opalies. There are no other pras get opalies, but it's supposed to be ghetto opalies. So they couldn't even spell it right. We had a lot of calls on air. Most of them went away. Thank god, but there's one in six, which is probably you know who her? Here's Miami. Hello. How's your daddy? Who's you daddy? Yeah. Whisper this. Whisper into a dark hole. Okay. You're on. I go. Yeah. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and don't talk about mold that way. It's bad. That's disrespectful. Absolutely. 200 votes. What's who's the real Schmidt headed QAAM? Mohour David at 68. I don't know. I only listen to Neil 40, 20 percent. Greg Reed's got 38. George has got 18. You're a Schmidt head man. I know it. But not the real one. The Humper's got nine. For Rally's got seven. I got six. I wish I had six. No one got seven. I just tied for Rally. We have seven. Y'all these got five. The big. Oh. Three. George's a Gatty. Three. Any case got a parent's your man is two. I said, you know, one for any K. Don't look. Get carried away now. Out of 12 votes. Do you know that the next poll we take, which will change this at about, out in 1130? A little while after 11 maybe. But for the man. Yeah. You know that's going to be our 1000s poll. No, I didn't. I didn't either until Eric informed me. Thanks Eric. You're starting to like gain a little bit of respect to building. Not too much yet, but a little bit. Gain a little what? Wait. Wait for what? No seriously. It's going to be our 1000s poll on this show. Man, we are poll intensive. We've got polls up the old but. Get off of the game causes outrage. Get off of the way. Have you want to call it? It spelled G.H.E.T.T. O.P.O.L.Y. Get off of the way. It's supposed to be get off of the way. Chief trick. Avenue. Instead of boardwalk. Hernandez chop shop instead of writing railroad. Black leaders are outraged over a new board game called ghetto opoli that has play us at the p.l.a. What? Oh, that's law play it at their on the beat. See they just didn't speak it about language. He has play as acting like Pimpson game cards reading. You got your whole neighborhood addicted to crack collect fifty dollars. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh no. And I wonder can you imagine the voice saying that? Don't be frustrated. Yeah. Black clergyman said again the brain shroud of a Pennsylvania man should be banned and others have called for a boycott of urban outfitters unless the company stuff selling ghetto opoli and chain of clothing stores. Urban outfitters hasn't pubic comment on the issue. Didn't return to call seeking comment yesterday for obvious reasons. If we are sign loudness issue, there is more of this type to come the Reverend Robert P. Shine Jr. president of the black clergy of Philadelphia and the city said at the sidewalk rally yesterday and front of urban outfitters corporate headquarters in Philadelphia. Shined displayed the game board with properties including Westside liquor, Harlem, the Bronx and Long Beach City and squares labeled Smitties Triplex Peachow, Weinstein's Golden Platinum and Tyrone's Gun Shop. Players draw hustle and ghetto stash cards with directions like you're a little short on Lutzu decided to stick up a bank collect 75 bucks and steal dollars if you pass let's roll. And the S and let's is the dollar sign. The creator of ghetto opoli David Chang. We just kind of put a little different slant on them in opoli. Didn't immediately answer emails or phone calls so you can come at about the game and again we can't imagine why. Even Scott can't imagine. Why? He didn't return to call. On his website Chang is on a apologetic and promises that more games could opoli. Hi. What is it? Or hip hop opoli. Stug, opoli and redneck opoli are coming soon. I don't like that. I don't like that. Yeah. It draws on stereotype that is a means to degrade those a meeting to bring together in laughter Chang maintains adding if we can't laugh at ourselves will continue to live in blame and bitterness like Moe, a bitter. Oh, we're just going to, there in no work I would describe it that I can use on a year. I got a lot of words. I just can't use them on a year. But to get a woppily board to pick figures labeled Malcomx that see you and Martin Luther or King Jr. intentionally misscaled noted Reverend Glenn Wilson, Pastor of Enon, Tabernacle Baptist Church. This is beyond making fun to use the caricature of Dr. King and this regard Wilson said, there's no way that that game could be taken any other way than that this man has racist intent in marketing it. The Philadelphia Black clergy and many united for a better Philadelphia were just the latest of protest again in Chicago, the Reverend Michael Flieger, Pastor of Saint Sabina Catholic Church called for a boycott of Urban Outfitters in Florida. They St. Pete and Hillsborough County chapters of the NAACP or Zacomedy to stop carrying the game. I was outraged. We called out for it. We wrote them later. We held a press conference but we've had no response. Flieger said yesterday. Well, how do you like that? Get oopily. I wonder the other one's going to be hip hop oopily, thug oopily and redneck oopily. I like that. I'm getting night one. Y'all come back now. To ocean reap. Let's see. Here's the fact that this is I know it's too late on the death scenes but even so how about the Ruthie and baseball that scene from De Nero on the untouchables during his loyalty solo. The hitchhiking was my suggestion. Thank you you're welcome. By the way, train spotting is one of the best movies of all time. Well, I got it right there. The other one might go to watch it. Oh, I guess I just have to get past that duty scene. Yeah, they're the better one later. Oh. Another one I've never heard y'all mention. Oh, yeah. I'm not a father with that hair as Sean Penn, Gary Oldman, John Tutura and Robin Wright, Penn called, uh, one. Penn called state of grace all time great. What? Robin Wright Penn. Oh, I see. Well, this is called state of grace. It's an all time great. It says the duty of relish the thing is from Georgia as opposed to the actual asshole from Georgia. What does that mean? What do do I think is from Georgia? I don't know. You must have confused in it some point with what the other dude from Georgia. What dude from Georgia? That one there. He he he. Uh, uh, uh. The one that's on the Kuhua Losi River with the Burr Reynolds Hairpiece. He I'll be damn. Oh, that would be good. Let's take Mo up into words and aim trade. Breakfast. Yeah. Ned Bateeika, nothing on his job. He's a little dance. I'll give you a to that. Right. Who is the real chemin head at WQN? This is our $999 poll. A fall time on his show at least in the QM. We never did polls on it because we didn't have no computer. I would be. Well, what a shame that is. We still somehow survive, somehow. For many excruciating long years, I had to be exact. By the way, Robert Reepers and Assel, even Clarence agreed with that. Little Nazi in training. Who's the real Schmitthead a QAM? Mohour David at 79 and 34.4% more than a third you turn. Think they're the Achigron Wood Powell, they hate you like poison. All your RT is a lot more than a third that hate him. I don't know why only listen to Neil 45. Ever that song by the teddy bears to know him is to hate him? Yes. To know, no, no, no, no, no. Is to hate, oh yeah, there's one for Book of Bride. I can hear right now I can smell it. You, Mo? To know him is to hate him. The old Momaester. Anyway, 46, say Greg Reed, I've just changed again. Any for Mo, 46 for Greg Reed. I don't know. I'll listen to Neil 46. George Rodriguez, you stuck up in 18. Who think you're the Schmitthead? Little Schmitthead. Hey, Goldberg, the Humper's got 11. That's not for well, any Elijah 7 of peace. Great minds, work are like, that's gone, Scott. Goldie Goldstein's got six. Joseph Gackie's got five, the big, oh, stuck there on three. Eddie Cage got only a pair in the mad dog Jim, man. Oh, right. Wildly popular has only a small pair. Wait a minute, mad dog with only two. He just might be the most popular human being in the history of South Florida. I really mean that. He is the the people love him. They want to just lick him. His body parts. I don't like grab out of his hair and yank it a little bit and we share it to put him on this other pole. What's that? This pole number two? Oh, in the year, that's a good idea. Okay, well, I'll tell him a bit of pole is momentarily. Our thousandth pole. Let's have a little, I'll do it myself. A little drum roll. We're a thousandth pole. Stick it in my pole and lock it in jelly roll. That's what I say, okay? And it is cheap. A little school. And now what they always say between your gum and cheeks, right? The school's school of a Copenhagen man. Person all damn charm to back him people. 10. 58 at five 60. W.M. if you're fat, if you've got a jelly roll and maybe a little more than that. Balance for life might be exactly what you're looking for. All you people out there that have tried the low fat, the low carb, the vegetarian diets, everything out of the sun and you're still fat and frustrated. You're out of shape. You're lithargic, you're diabetic, or maybe right on the edge of it. Believe you me, diabetes is no fun. You don't want to go over the edge. So tribe balance for life had changed the beast life. We've kept him alive for a long time, much longer than anybody ever anticipated. There's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carb counting because they do all of those things for you. They deliver that little black sack right here door by 6 a.m. at your home at your office every morning. Three delicious gourmet meals, everything fresh and two delicious snacks are in your black sack, even little bottle of water is in there. And that's all you need for the whole day plenty of food to keep you satisfied and happy. And balance for life is the only company in the world of the L.C. Choose between two choices for each meal every day that you're on a program. So if you've tried all the others in your frustrated, if you're fed up and if you try to be on those programs where they give you little teeny tiny packages of crap, this isn't what that's all about. Balance for life gives you great delicious fresh food. You love it. Let him help you lose that weight once and for all your starts and results on the skill in a matter of days. Call him today 9-5-4-5-6-8-30-29. 5-6-8-32-29 as a 9-5-4 or check him on the web at balanceforlife.com. Oh, closer to death. Hi, you're right. I don't have a quote. I can't believe the language I hear home to read. Every all the word is an obscenity. It used to be the cable was a whole lot worse, but the network's left there at just cursed. There's a wind and sight of this insanity, all the dialogue and deep profality. Swaring like a sailor on a pre-name cast, words are whole lot worse than ass. If my last bomb call will it be? Before it dropped the F on a network TV, if my last bomb, there's no telling where. Now try for the U.P.L. It's been a VUPN, and that's where I thought U.P. and it's W.B., it's Warner Bros. while Sand difference. Small bit last night caught it. Yeah? That was record-hour, I don't know if we'll see him no more, though. He jumped into the water, he didn't necessarily die right now. Right? Right. But before I noticed that Clark is running around naked a lot more than in previous years, and poor what's his name, John Schneider, he's taking a brutal beating, and Ramakant, he's like, again, treated like Mama LaPinga, and it's just unbelievable, and I chose. Pretty good episode, I thought, and Lana, of course, it hurts. She said it hurts. And he said it only hurts for a little file. And then he put his blood in a little file, and like Luther, or Lionel Luther got a hold of it. I don't know. And then of course Lionel and Lex are shaking hands. And I don't say that I don't think that in this version of Superman, I don't think you're going to see the hostility between Lex and Clark because it just when when Lex showed up again after everybody thought he was dead and Clark took a peak at him. They embraced and hugged and squeezed, and he anchored. I thought they were actually do something right there on camera. I mean, they were really very emotional. He was rubbing his bald spot, and they were grinding. Lex was kissing that S on his chest and he said, man, are you super or what? He was pushing that bump on the back of Lex's head. He's just trying to push it back in. It's kind of like most piece. He just trying to shove it back in. But at any rate, so I was pretty good episode. I thought on the old WB, I think they actually spiced it up a little bit because they realized that it was going to lay a little stale, you know, ready to move the nilla before he had two vanilla. Let's have a little more gore and sex and blood and violence stuff like that. Right. Even if Lana says it does hurt, and then that blonde demo, she's starting to really butt. But now she's good. What is her name again? I don't know. I don't know. I forget. She just bothers me. I mean, what purpose does she serve? She's a frustrated bitch. And this really wants at least take a look at it, not, you know, hop on it. And she just, uh, man, can't deal with her. Who's the real smith head at WBQ? This was our 999th poll 261 votes? A pretty damn heavy duty total, like I said, 266. That ain't good thing it's not six six six. I guarantee under that weasel on most head, there's a 666. Am I right? Absolutely man. Absolutely. Right. There's a 666. He's the freaking anti-Christ. You got your anti-neal and you got your anti-Christ. Lot of anti's running around. Mo Howard David at the real smith head at Q. He's got 90 votes. Sleeting the pack. Nobody even close. Although Greg Reed moved into the second place. Oh, that's gone, Greg. Ha ha, and don't forget your. Greg, hate you. I know. I'll never forget. I don't know. I only listen to the old 49. George has got 19 for being like a little smith head. That's just because they don't like you. Oh yeah. The Humper has got 13. I got nine tied with guilty with nine for else got seven. Joseph Gacky's got five and don't forget. Joseph Gacky's got so okay. Okay. The big four. Any case got three in a man dog still in the last place with only two. Oh, right. Only two people think that you're the chicken and woodpile. The Schmidt head mad dog. Nice gone. They love you. They want to just squeeze the old 88 on your back. They want to squeeze it. Okay. Let's get to our 1000's pull. A momentous day. This is a moment that will keep in mind for a long time. Don't forget noon to two day. Miguel's going to be on the van. Okay. At power sports 10. Any West sunrise Boulevard in Florida. I'm not going to read that other thing because I don't know what that means. I mean, this is a charity fundraiser in the way that our sales department continues to try to muscle in this. This is starting to really port my fat ass. You know what I mean? Yeah. Gary Sarner. I mean, I mean, I'm not going to be reading that any of that stuff. No, no. Obviously, if it's some kind of a commercial enterprise will be reading that, but no, no more. Hey. Yeah. You can add there if you want anybody who goes, I got eight parable, but in I take it. Opening night tickets for the Panther game, you mean? No, for the cubs. No, it's a seriously eight pair of opening night tickets for what? Fort tonight's game. Fort tonight's game. Well, you've got to be specific. Don't say, and of course, Miguel be loaded up with tickets for the Marlins and a cubs this weekend. Oh, yeah. No. No. No. No more in my lines for Gary Sarner. Okay. Because Gary's an asshole. And we already had you on Kipper. Okay. One day of a Thomas and I'll hear you get lost. So get your best in the commercial nice. Those 2002 and 3 CDs, the best out. And of course, tomorrow, we're David a key change, which you can like. You can stick little pins in the holes in the speaker as part of it. You have your own, howard voodoo doll. And help us wish some kind of an evil spell and curse on his ugly, gristle old nasty, people asked. And also we got some mad dog he changed and eight pair of it. Now, what about the October fest thing? I have plenty of those. Oh, he's got lots of those. So you can also get a pair of tickets to the October fest this week. Now, they're not spin in the VLR. They know. They just have to ask. Oh, they got to do his donate. Oh, if you make it, oh, yeah. Don't just show up out there and ask for something for nothing because Miguel will give you the old raspberry. And it's always going to do raspberries. Yep. No strawberries. Humphrey Bogart still looking for those, but raspberry. I do like raspberries though. Anyway, we got plenty of tickets to the October fest this week and then the German American Puppet Hollywood where you can all go step around and celebrate Arnie's big win out there in California. Ah, yeah, that's right. Austin Liver. So known to two today, 1090 Weston right now. What is that near 1090 Weston right? That's East of 95. Oh, that's all. Oh, well. Like I said, bring somebody with you and go out there and what? What are you laughing about? Well, you got a Yahoo map like I did. I'm a little bit nervous about going East of 95. Anywhere. Power sports 1090 Weston rice Boulevard for L'Arnelle, just East of 95. Great location. Miguel will be there with a Qm van. He'll be heavily guarded. Here's our 1000's poll in all of history on the new Rogers show on Qam. How about you even the Mark Morgan is sitting there a squeeze that is so excited right now. You think? Yeah. Which of these people do you most strongly? And I want to thank Sean and Hollywood who sent us two excellent polls to kill some really good time. Are you people out there with poll ideas? Keep them coming, baby. Factsome in. Because my even my rinkle world mind is starting to run dry. Not easy, man. Everyday try to come up with something a little bit different, a new rinkle. Right, ma. Absolutely suck whole you. Which of these people do you most strongly believe is successful or this is the wrong one? Or this is a I pulled a wrong one up. Oh, no. No, this is one I came up with. Happy to open. Which of these people do you most strongly believe a successful or has a job because of their skin color? But that's for another day, maybe tomorrow. Do you like that poll? Sure. Why not? Sure. I was thinking mostly of two people. But anyway, I'll get into the woods eventually. Here's our 1000's poll. What do you think is or was the most universally light celebrity? Fred Rogers, Elvis, Andy Griffith, Johnny Carson, and then whoever you folks want to add, which I'm sure there must be many. And then of course we'll put you in man. It's with your suggestion. I added because. Parker. Bob Barker's good. He certainly couldn't be on TV for a hundred years. Bob, good man. With people, if there were a whole lot of people hated in my poison. Okay, there you go. So we started out with six good choices on there and then you can add to it. Who do you think is or was the most universally light person? Somebody, everybody loved. Somebody that nobody hated, nobody would say anything bad about. See that Bob Barker, he had that bitch that Diane Parkinson. But that's, you know, there's always one. She came under here. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah. Just like yesterday, same crap. Only different. Oh, the 560, 560, pound, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Lake Worth. Hello. I'm going to answer. Hey, I just put in a name seen for yesterday's poll. But, did the. Seeing where the alien popped out of guys chest and alien. Was that on there? No. Yes. Never heard about it. Just a joke, George. I'm just playing with this guy. I'm just playing with it. I'm just playing with it. Oh, sorry. No. I got to get out of here. God, almighty. By the way, President Lincoln really enjoyed the play. He said it had kind of a weak plot. But, nevertheless, with the ending was a bang. Yeah. He said he went out with a bang. 560, 50, 50, 50, you people are so slow. This is our 1000 poll. Feel it. Squeeze it. Emote with it. Okay? It's like having a little party right there on your radio speaker. Same moment as they've plus it's even a positive thing. That's probably where we're not gay. Yeah. I mean, I see a lot of phones ring. But, you know, we're not getting the immediate response because they like something negative. Like that nasty, miserable, hateful poll we took first about. Who's the chigger in a wood pile? Who's the real shemit-head of QAM? Who's the problem child? And of course, Moe wins hands down. Absolutely. My big margin. Just pulverizing everybody else. Which is what he does every day. Pulverizing everybody else. Stabbing for Ellen to back scuts under a lot of pressure, taking a lot of duress, even Griggs that won't lend him his duress. Taking a lot of crap from the usual suspect. And it is most supportive. Oh, it's good close personal friend. Oh, no both on and off the year. Stabbing, jabbing, twisting. And of course, that's because Moe is salivating. Now he can get his 6th to 9 back. Now there's only one problem with that Moe. If heaven forbid, for else you get blown out or something like that. One problem with that is that this kid does 10 to 2. So there's like a big, japing hole. Rectome between 9 and 10. I say a test pattern would be better than having Moe back under his lead and note you. Yeah. Just having like a radio test pattern, like a little 60-cycle tone or like, what that people think is a hum job on a radio. For an hour. And he get better numbers than Moe. I'm not having him as my lead and no Moe. I'll tell you that. And I'm certainly not going back to 9 just to pacify the grid. He when they hired him, agreed it's so many goddamn problems. More than you can shake your wicked. It's just pathetic. How do I speak in a wicked manner? Actually, but here work yesterday. Let's roll with that. I haven't bought air work in so many years. But good man. I mean, I mean, I mean, I'm not that I needed. I have my place. It doesn't stink. But it's just kind of pleasant. It smells good. And I stink good. But I haven't bought it. And of course, the old fashion air work when it was nasty stuff. The green. Oh, yeah. Oh, that's melt worst. And whatever orders you were trying to cover up. Oh. But now the new air work gets him a high amount of, like all kinds of really like, you know, pink and pansy and, you know, lilac and smother and runch of your flugging. No, these, these have to plug in. Those are a pain in the ass because those, yeah, they are. Ever like, give me a week or two. You're looking at those. You're a little, little and crumbly. I have to like replace not air work. You just, you just lift up your wick. Mm. And smell it like lilacs. 1113 at 5. 60 WQM. If you're working in a really crappy job, if you got an asshole for a boss. Oh, God. Then get yourself out of that rut. Get your life on the move with the real job. Call our friends at fast train, tool free at 1. 8. 6. Fast train. Before the year ends, they can have you in a real job. They can have you trained in certified in a real computer career. And don't forget that a man for computer professionals is continuing to grow. There's no end insights of your smart. You'll do it right now. You get you a new high-paying computer career and start making a big fat, meaningful paycheck. Pastrank can really help you because they offer you a job placement assistance. Convenient, they evening weekend schedules and there are four soft load locations. So it just figures that there's body one fairly close by you. Fast train offers you financial assistance for people who qualify too. So buddy got to lose. Be sad or really dead and job in a really depressing attitude about life. Call 1-866 Fast train or check them on the web if you like first at fastrain.com and then make that call and change your life for a really positive way forever. Call 1-866 Fast train. You sure I help you make it. You should do a cleaner In your life. Or a cleaner If you go after the rains小時 is already damaged there's a 415 man in your life. And you hope you learned quite sweet things. Tomorrow if some other sunscabeth harvesters will become as heroes would love to lose a pretty dangerous life and I'm super man! Okay, we're as driven. Oh, too late. Yeah, they have to call you super gym. Get out of your freak. Oh, oh, Clark. Nothing's happening. Get on top of the door, Drunk. Ow! Why the evil fog, how finally figured out a way to defeat Superman? With script tonight? No, steps! Ha ha ha ha ha. She remained five, the search for a bigger doorway, rolling into a theater near you. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I've played that as a piss off guy in and for a lot of day, I was an evil bitch, obviously. She said Christopher Reeve belongs on the poor. No, he doesn't know a lot of people. I can't stand Christopher Reeve. And of course, opposed to give him like the simply vote, because he's a cripp, I say no. And the reason I say it's personally, was because I also adds to her facts, tell for real the butcher up. See, it's really easy for a bitch to say butcher up. Right? Yeah. But any idea what she's talking about? What's going on behind the scenes? The kind of pressure and duress and the garbage that this guy's got to take. And the reason that I especially empathize is because I've already gone through of myself. Took two years off of my life when wacko's come after you. And try to like destroy your career and your life and everything around you. So, it's easy for you to sit on your fat, smelly ass and for a lot of day I'll die in. We'll get back to you, Diane. Tell for real the butcher up. I like having put his, quote, so far up your ass that he tickled your tonsils of your head and he, okay? He's slowly nasty bitch. I think I can't stay in Diane, worse than even Moan, that's saying a lot. Absolutely. Here's the facts from a chronic who says, be side and it's sign chronic. Be side just, I'll tell anybody really not like Bob Hope. I would say there were a few. Bob, third man. Let's put him on there. He was well liked. I have no idea why, but, you know, he had that nose. I have a little for Johnny Carson. And I didn't like Johnny Carson, but just because I like her. Now that's not the question. What Neil likes, you don't like that's why we put her on there. Chronic, what, who do you think is or was the most universally likes, a universal, a light celebrity? Elvis, nine Johnny Carson, eight Fred Roger, six, Andy Griffith, two Bob Barker, two Jim Edditch, one so far. And then we got other names going on there like Bob Hope and who else? And it's so far because we're not putting Christopher Reeve on there. No way. No way that I'm going to like knuckle under that damn miserable, hateful bitch, Diane, and if we're a lot of deal, let's pick it on our good friend Scott. What's wrong with you, bitch? God, here's a call from Miramar, hello. Neil, yes sir. Uh, how about Muhammad Ali, can you use him? Could I use him? I don't want to use him, but I guess we'll be easy to do it because he can't run too fast, no one. No, it can be, it says, who do you think is just 11? I do see what we're doing. Well, we got him on there for you. Thank you, sir. I have a lovely day. And you too, don't get testy about it now. I start to like, you know, did I disagree at all? No, start getting a little bit ornery. But I understand because you're there. It was 81 and Toronto yesterday and nobody cares about that. And sunny and beautiful. And it's going to be sunny and 75 today. Oh, it's already sunny and beautiful. How do you like that? I like it. Just for that asshole little one here about Canada, that Rush Limbaugh liquor. He's probably there with the Robert Greeper. I'm trying to see you can get their tongue in first. 19 right now that 66 beautiful degrees. It's going to be 75 before this day is out. And I'm pretty damn happy about it. I love it. Lower humanity. Leave so but against Canadians is Saturday at the ACC. Elvis and Fred Rogers are tired with ten of these and you know what they both have in common? They're dead. Right. Excellent. Can you believe that? What? How can life be worth living when Elvis and Fred Rogers are both dead? I didn't like you to one of them. Me too. No, I like Elvis. I'm not going to lie to you. I like Elvis a lot. He was good. Plus he was hot in his own way. Even though he slept with mama for years and his own day. He was in his own day way. Let's see. Here's a facts from Jack who says subject for possible pull. What? Oh, God. That's that's a little bit pushing it from Jack Roper. Well, he's probably from the Roper pole people. What was your favorite pull of all time? They hold that pole. I think about that one, you know? I've seen so many in my time. Barbara Paul. Anyway, it's, uh, Elvis is leaving right now. What surprises me because this is generally speaking anti- Elvis's crowd. But we'll get a whole bunch of more suggestions on here that'll, that'll change his tune. Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello. That's your friends on the phone company out. Here's Miami. Hello. There they are again. Uh huh. They're all over the place. Here's your field. Hello. Uh huh. Yes, sir. What we have here is a fan. Failure to get rid of that call or Scott. That's what we have there. Failure to get rid of that call or Scott. That's what we have there. Failure to get rid of that six harts. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Here's a leading plantation. Hello. Do you believe this? Yeah, I do actually. I've had some runs in my time, but man, I feel like while that re is only moments away. Here's Miami, hello. Oh, Neil? Yes, sir. Hey, um, I've got an April poll. Okay. I, uh, fill the cruise. Thousands, pull. Okay. I thought it was a good question. It was suggested by Sean and Hollywood on this thing the other day. I thought it was a, but he's he's a positive thing. See, the cruise is universally liked. No. Who are you kidding man? Who the hell are you kidding? She's as he's as universal as cruise boost to money wasn't California. Is that 80? That can look at me. No. Well, disgusting nasty frog eyed monkey baboon bitch. Couldn't see a way to have a paper sack. Even does he aren't as a spinning in his grave thinking about it? Here's a call from for Lauderdale. Hello. Uh, Neil? Yes, sir. Walter, conkeye. Walter, conkeye is excellent at he's still alive. Yes, he is. My, uh, the man was never just likely anybody as far as I know. And he's been around since he's got the 40s. Since before they started making process, cheese. Well, that's my choice for the poll. Have a wonderful day, sir. And you too, thank you. Walter, conkeye, it's Walter, conkeye. Of course not everybody must have loved him because a lot of people watch something. And frankly, but universally liked. In other words, nobody didn't like him. Nobody said nothing bad about him. That's right. Right. Right. I mean, nobody said nothing bad about Fred Rogers except us. Right. I mean, I always thought he was a pervert. I mean, but he bugged me from the time I was four years old. I'm just always had that feeling. Don't we have a Fred Rogers something in here? We must have something. Yeah, we did. What's the problem? I don't know. Mr. Rogers, something rather. Mr. No, we don't have that. Mr. Rogers retires. Now, then here we go. Mr. Rogers twisted. How can I have to work on that? Do we really? Yes. Is it M.R. Period? Is that why if you can't find it? M.R. Period. Oh, Mr. Ed. Oh, how do you like this? I look what I just did. And all my emotion and hysteria, I just knocked it out of the name on it. On tonight's action news. It's the reason. Mr. Rogers has a retire. It's Mr. Rogers. The lost episodes. What's that to make believe? I want to show you this toy that I brought. Yes. This is toy, you know. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Put it back in right in there. And then, uh, it comes. And what a good feeling. That was fun, wasn't it? Isn't it fun to pretend things like that? You can use your fingers. On tonight's action news. But I guess you can see it's no secret. What a good feeling they gave me. Oh, you're coming. And Mr. McEelie's coming. My local. We're sports video five six sports. You A.M. Good morning. Hey, shot where may I help you? Hello. Hello. Hello. Good morning. Hey, shot where may I help you? Hello. I'm Mr. R. All right. You'll miss the end? Yes, Mr. Head. This is A.S. Hardware. Hello. Hello. I'm Mr. R. This is A.S. Hardware. Did you need to speak to someone? Hello. Yes, yes. I hear you, sir. Hello. Hello. I'm Mr. R. Okay. Mr. Head. Listen to me for a minute. My name is Bill. This is A.S. Hardware. Hello. Sir, so you're going to have to call back? I'm Mr. R. Yeah. I understand that, but dad, you're going to call back. You got a bad connection. Okay, Mr. Head. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. 11.30 at 5.60. You're going to hear me. Sean and Holly would have suggested those two fine pools. And now get a little slowly himself. Everybody down there is slowly. No wonder I'm so glad not to do that. Mr. R.S. Hardware. What happened to my Jacques Cousteau Dammit? I intentionally took him off. Because I don't think everybody likes Jacques Cousteau. I don't think everybody even remembers who the hell that was. I sent it along anyway. What's it going to hurt? You did what? I sent it along. I'm trying to stay ahead of the gate. You put it on there? Yeah. Oh. I'm not sure if you want to say any Griffith. I don't like Andy Griffith. I can't stay any Griffith. It's easy to be folksy and friendly and non-controversial. But to be French and well-liked. Isn't achievement worthy of a Nobel Prize to Sean and Holly. Would it not just satisfy that I'm taking this pool condition. And I'm handling his pool. But also I got to like, okay, it's on there. I'll talk about. Why? I like Jacques. He invented Scuba. Jacques Cousteau. We. The only reason that you're trying to your sand at is because you want me to play that underworld. Underworld. Underworld. Underworld. Underworld. Right. Isn't French and well-liked. On our national geographic special. After 14 months at sea, each of us still observe subtle changes in his cruise behavior. Yeah. Good for him. I mean, I'm honored to speak to you on behalf of the. He's muscle and everywhere, you know it. He wants you to do your duty. And now, one of our chronic factors. See these people get so curious. Like the colors. This is the same thing. They want to find that had all those good, the pool suggestions for yesterday. Now, he's got a list of all these pool. But some of them are okay. I think we've done most of these though. Have we? Some. Yeah. Most. Like a best sci-fi movie of all time. Olluciel ball. Lucy. Let's just put Lucy. Okay. We don't need to put Lucy. Let's put Lucy. Let's put Lucy. Oh, we don't like Lucy. Yeah. Best sci-fi movie. We could do that. We have a most trustworthy politician alive. Short list. That would be okay. Like I said, this is not a good list. What time's this guy show on? The greatest rock or pop album of all time. We have never done that. No, we have done. I don't know. You think that's it's a pole. It'll kill a day. Greatest invention last 30 years is good. How about that this? The segue. What's the segue? Scuda. Remember the speed of the house? Yeah. What the superhero would you most want to see made into a major motion picture that has all we've done yet? We've done it. We've done it. We have? I did that on vacation. Yeah. I got my name for doing a comic book show when we were talking about movies. We also did what's the best game show of all time we've done that. But this one, I might just do this tomorrow. The worst fast food chain. We've done the best several times. Yeah. We've done the worst fast food chain. Have we ever done that? Nope. Now, positive. What is the best ethnic non-American cuisine? Hmm. Okay. Well, there's a pretty interesting list. I'll stick it in the stick at my pile. Like it. Mother Teresa even though she was actually a power hungry stealing business, what it says here, I don't think so. I thought I said her long anyway. You did? Why? Just because she was probably going to put that dead old rink about bitch. Why? I ran around the world preaching that the Stone Age crap and forcing people to make all those unwanted babies and encouraging people to blow up abortion clinics and stuff like that. So that wasn't the right dentist would have somebody to vote for. Oh, there you go. Why? Mother Teresa. Everybody love Mother Teresa. I like Teresa Brewer more than Mother Teresa. We don't even know who the hell I did. Now, put another nickel in and the nickel load. I heard that. Maybe 90s, it's music, music music. Huh? Is that from 1890? That was right before the Civil War, right before 8 went to that place. Oh, that was after the Civil War. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. Who do you think is or was the most universally light celebrity? Elm is 17. Fred Rogers 15. Jim Manage 15. R. There you go, Mad Dog. You're, uh, they love you. Johnny Carson 13 Bob Hope 8. Walbert. Now what? Who put the H and Walbert Kronkai? Who the H put the H and Walbert Kronkai? I would have been me. What a jackass. There's no H and Walbert Kronkai. I'm thinking fast. Well, I'll pick. Tuck with the H, quit the H job. Well, Ham and Ali in the Walbert Kronkai, he's have six. Andy Riffen and Bob Barker with four one for Lucy and none. For Jacques Cousteau and Mother Teresa, we just both went up there at E9 votes. Jacques Cousteau. Ah, la ta ta ta ta ta ta ta. How you gonna encourage that jackass to call it again? Yeah, he will. That moron. Ah, la ta ta ta. What is that go back? How many years? I put him in any store overgrown child. Can't off the old block or whatever the hell, whichever one I did. I can't get him all three. The guy would he eyes. It's all part of the same little fraternity of Miss Fitz. Boy, am I gonna miss those people? No, or what when I finally hang up this gristle roll microphone. In a couple of weeks. We'll go. We'll go. I'll organize a tour. Here's a chronic in Orlando. Hello. Dean Martin. What is it? Dean Martin. Dean Martin. Have you got like a sock over the phone? Is it just because you're far away? Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. There you go. Even Scott started to catch out of some of these morons. And that's in a lot. Pretty obvious when Scott starts to catch an out of your crap. Here's a call from Kendall. Hello. Kendall. When is this? How are you doing? Okay. I got the two for you. About one. No, only one. Not only one. All right. Outbell. That's good. Okay. Good. I'm not getting sucked in no matter. I'm tired of that. I got two for you. You know, what's your favorite movie about? Well, I got ten for you. No, one. One. One. That's all. Not five. Not a hundred. That's the, that's the question. One. You know, who do you think is the most universally like celebrity? Not three. Not full. Not a pair. But just freaking one. All right. No. Guy. What a nice start already. I think we need to go back to the movie stuff. You know, I was looking. I have like about seven or eight movies. And there I have any more watch yet on DVD like Fargo. I don't have that yet. Oh, I got you did. But anyway, I got a pile in there. And then, of course, people are calling every day with these other ones that I'm supposed to go rushing out and buy like a Johnny Depp one where he plays like some kind of a Cuban Fag or whatever. You got snatched out yet. Yeah, I do have that. I have snatched. I haven't checked it out yet. Haven't checked it out yet. It's gone. But no, seriously. And I'm looking through happiness and Requiem and all these others. And Magnolia. And I'm thinking. Remember, even even then, the, this is getting ponderous. Too much of these movie shows. First of all, ratings kicked ass during the summertime. Especially June and July when we're doing all of that stuff. And I got, if I wouldn't have done those shows, I never want to see any of those movies and believe you me, I'm ecstatic. What haven't they bitched about? Remember the one hit wonders? Oh, no matter what it is, they bitch about it. Oh, everybody's done this. What's the best song about it? But you know what? If you don't like it, go away. That's all way. I'm not doing a show based on some misfit out there. They want to use us as a human audio punching bag. Okay. Blow it out. Moes ass. He'll open with Mo. I'll open with it. All you chronic complainers out there. Where? Where? It's the South Florida effort way, man. No matter what it is, I can just imagine after the, uh, cubs beat the snutt out of the Marlins Last night. I mean, you can't win every goddamn game. If you're going to lose 12 to 3 is the same as one. Nothing. It's still a loss. But I can imagine some, the sounds of some of them people just jumping, hopping right off at that damn band, a bandbag. There you go, here I'm. I heard it. Yeah. Because they got their ASCII. You know, bro, I owe boy, it's just a town of misery, misery. Here's a call from Boka, hello. Boka. I have an impure list. Okay. Princess Diana. Princess Diana. That's a good list. I can understand that bit. Oh, I saw. Of course, people are going to say, would you like anybody? That's not true. I like Tom Welling. Princess Diana. We'll get back to you, Diana. Yeah, she was, uh, and I don't know. I remember after she croaked in a way that was after my seven-month hiatus, and I came back on a year. Mm-hmm. And nobody cared. Don't get in that Mercedes. Princess Diana. We're begging, please. Poverazzi's coming after you. You're gonna crash into a room. Norwich got for you. Princess Diana is gone. Princess Diana is gone. She's really gone into a tunnel. Hello. Hello. She's really gone into a tunnel. Hello. Hello. Yeah, one thing about her, Princess Diana, and put her on the list. It's a good choice. You'll see her. No. No. Well, be senior, Princess. No. No. No. Maybe a queen or two, but not no more princesses. Well, I need to probably see a friend, Reshire. Every now and then. And maybe our good friend, Cheryl, from IOD. How's Cheryl doing, by the way? I guess I haven't heard from her for a long time. Don't be saying anything now, because it's supposed to be a big secret that I had talked to her that one time, and she was somewhere. 21 till noon at 5.60. Nobody can ever forget in just a matter of moments the lovely Miguel will be at the power sports. At 1090, Wes sunrise Boulevard in Fort Lauderdale, he's got a bunch of free of patent. And again, it's only for people to buy some of our best of merchandise. If you're not gonna come by there with somebody for a band and pet rescue, we don't even waste your time. He ain't gonna give you nothing, not even little squeeze a little feel. He's got tickets to the October Fest this weekend that they try to make a club in Hollywood. He's got some tickets for the Panther Hall, but he's a pair for the Panther Hurkoun game at the Mcerwin and the night. He's an opener and the home opener for the Panthers, but like that. And of course, all the best in the merch, and I say, including those very, very, they'd probably be like our collectors at him very soon. Well, how we David a key change. Because I'm a feeling that if we really put the big push on with his voodoo and all the things, I'm not joking about that. I wish him a lot. I don't wish anybody physical harm or any ill health, but in his case, I'll make an exception. Some horrible, I hope that maybe his muskwreck gets some kind of like rabbi or something. And it just seeps down into where his brain used to be and just infects his whole, grow test being. Wouldn't it be lovely? And the whole staff can kind of sit around and watch him rot. Oh, God, it could be like a rod in. I'm infectious. We good. That's the best news I've heard in a coupons age. Twenty-till noon at five, sixty-wtqm if you want to replace that tired old carpeting in your home. Here's a great alternative for you. Let me tell you about lemon and seros. Through the easy low maintenance alternative to expensive, natural wood flooring. Lemon and serosus, the best place to find, laminated wood flooring from the top names in the world like PeraDor, Purgle, Wilsonard, Unifluro and Quichstep, and all of lemon and seros floorings installed by the river of seros certified installers who really know their crap. Here's another reason why I had to be calling lemon and seros. Their prices are so low. So positively, absolutely unbeatable, I'll probably... For you. Right now, you can get this false special for just $1495. Let me say it again, just $1495 gets you. Up to $295 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring. It is positively unrelatable. And lemon and seros will match any. I don't really like that one so much, you know? That David Paul, one I like. Feelable. I'm sorry. And lemon and seros will match any legitimate ridden offer too, there's no obligation so we'd like a free and home estimate call them today. Call lemon and seros at that toll free number and tell that cranky old ancient Neil toward you to call 1-877-777-3336. They make it so simple, how can you possibly pass this up? They give you free carpet disposal, free furniture moving a 25 year warranty and years and years of beautiful, easy care, laminated wood flooring. Call laminated seros today because they're unbeatable. Call them toll free at 1-877-777-3336. My life and love all. This is Fort Real by 60. You win and win and win. You wanted more and you got it. The bad dog is back singing more and you went on and it seems. Are you two? Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Old number eight is back, airing off with a great singing more, take it with even more, six stars. The mad dog does them all. Baby, if it's a bad ride, I'll let it fall for. Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! It's an all new British invasion with a mad dog singing like a man. I like it! I like it! I like it! The truth is finally out that humanity was truly the fifth people. I've got to give it a love and give it a love. Oh! Oh! We want all the blood. I'll save you. Now you're as you say. You always say we say you're a big lie. I'm a crazy boy. Here's the mad dog's end room, touching tribute to the king. Hey, oh, this. Oh, right! Oh, right! I'm a mad man. Anyway, do. The mad dog was just a little and vivid when we asked him if he wanted to do it again. Not, I don't think so. So we had Luke and Rodsey play a little miss and tell him either his brains or his signature would wind up on the contract. That's one of the pictures, you. Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! And it's sick. Bottom and due, available now if you won't quickly. Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! I'm 46 and I'm going to play that as because Luke was in the lead man. Oh, right! Told you, mad dog 21 votes your man. Who is? Who do you think is? The most universally light celebrity, mad dog 21. Fred Rodgers 20. Elvis 19. Johnny Carson 16. Here's a real overrated. Mohamed Ali 13, Bob Hope 10, Walter Crunkite 8. Andy Griffith 6, Bob Barker 5. Lucy has five. Jacques Cousteau has two. Oh, lot that the mother Teresa's got a pair and the princess dies got one out of 120 votes. On our 1000th poll on the New Roger show, this is a moment of occasion. And you can tell, can't you feel in smell at the excitement and enthusiasm all around town? Or I'm feeling it anyway. Or maybe just smelling the burning smells from the whood dolls, the more voodod dolls that the burning is that might be absolutely good. Keep it up folks. Don't stop now. Here's Carl Springs, hello. I got a lump in my pants for you, buddy. You know, I'm happy you felt it's cold to you. I got a name for you. And then they got a name. Oh, right. Name would be John Boulouche. Yeah, nobody don't like John Boulouche. It's like they're like loves him. And my question is, who do you think is going to be the first bitch who's going to say Jack Cripper? Say what? You know, Jack Cripper, the guy who died, the guy who played Jack Cripper on the three's company. Or John Ritter? Yeah, who's the first one who's going to come up to go? John Ritter, everybody loves John Ritter, that's because he's dead now. I hate John Ritter. So do I love? Who do you need to say me for that? Well, Jack Cripper, remember that was his kind of... No, no, who did you say was your choice? Oh, John Boulouche. I wrote down John and then you got me like I'll sound like I wrote down John Ritter. So don't do that. Okay, have a great day, Kelly. Put what you're had. Right? Right. He was good. He just got a little like you're a little bit of John Ritter stuff. I didn't like John Ritter. And see people are going to say, well, all these names. Well, there are a lot of my didn't like. I can even name of tons of people that I did like, but they're not qualified for this list. We can put Elizabeth Montgomery. Okay. Since I was watching the witch this morning out of your hurting you that it was kind of a cute episode. Where she turned the guy that Darren was trying to get the contract with. She turned him into a dog because he kept coming on her work. Elizabeth Montgomery. Nobody. Oh, like Elizabeth Montgomery, right? Right. And what about what's your name? Barbara Eden. I'll put her on to the same person only. Barbara's still alive. Damn it. Why couldn't Elizabeth Montgomery still be alive and mobile dead? Now, what is this? Jay, what is this thing you just sent me? Oh, you know something? My psychic you know this. I can't complete the show. My psychic powers are so spectacular. You have no idea. Guess why I was just thinking about it. I give up Elizabeth Montgomery. I was just, no, seriously. During the break. I don't know why, but it came into my mind that I think Gary Sarner is a bushman that he supports George W. Because he's an orthodox do when he's an asshole. And the first, there's a bunch of facts as you just sent me. And it says, from Phyllis Ray Gary Sarner's new baby girl. Joyce and congratulate Gary and his family for this new blessing. No. Now, what is that about 19 inches long? God. I knew he was circumspect by him. We were like, yeah, that and him. Oh, the baby. She, she, she waited. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, you were literally at Phyllis. You were literally at Don't mess with my long. The water that sees it literally. She waited eight pounds when else it was 19 inches long. Yeah, I know somebody's got 19 inches for you, honey. Roy. I should probably have already done that. Her in screen. Oh, she was born Thursday. Why don't we care about this? Why don't we care about that? Gary Sarner, he makes my skin crawl. I'm sure yours too. Yeah. The orthodox do. Not because of that. No, I'm just saying because he's an asshole for the orthodox do is just another excuse. I'm not a consumer. But you, Lieberman, I wouldn't be surprised if Gary Sarner came in one day with his Thomas and his tits his hangout. And his pace. Pairs what you always carry. Yeah, pace what you always use Jackass. Pay you out of Georgia's stuff. You've simple to install. I'm trying to muscle in our damn charity thing, which Miguel is there right now. I'm sure. Or I'm his way. Ten, I got across that out. So I don't mistakenly read that again. You know, Sponsored by, well, what does that mean? Sponsored by. If they want to sponsor, why don't they wear that and check for like 10 grand to the abandoned pair rescue and help us out that way? And that sounds good? All right. Sponsored by. Instead of putting in like a commercial thing, we don't allow any commercial other than places that want to let us go there and raise the money, which is why we'll give them a plug. But other than that, we don't want to sell the problem and hoard our fundraising efforts ever. Ever. You got to Gary? No. Ever. Let's go over this weekend and help our kosher Gary's house. All right. I'll bring this dick. What an asshole. Cops found more than they expected when they went to arrest the Queen's priest on her assman charges us from today's New York post. Guns, gate porn, and Nazi perfe and ideological said. I didn't like that. I think it belonged to the church. I have one. What is the priest from a hell? Wow. This is a great story. Thanks whoever sent this in. There's no fact in the church. A Queen's priest. Wow. I understand why he was in Queens. Guns, gate porn, and Nazi perfe and area. The Reverend John Johnston, 64 also told cops more than they expected. Sources said he confessed he had swiped 80 grand from a long-term and church. We have celebrated Sunday Mass for the past 25 years. Johnson's arrest late Tuesday and unagrated harassment charges. Shocked officials in three Catholic dioceses. In the Brooklyn diocese, his home base for nearly 40 years were cops faming made threatening and harassing obscene phone calls to staffers at Bishop Lockham Mallory, a high school in Fort Green. In the Rockville Center diocese, where he helped celebrate Mass at same Martin of Tourist Church in Beth Page, while he allegedly invisible 80 grand the Persia officials never missed. And in a Newark archdiocese, where he taught the all boys oratory prep school in Summit for 23 years until his retirement last June. The CD details of Johnson's Secret Library exposed Tuesday night when cops went to his apartment at 78th while the McKinifers injection heights after tracing a barrage of profanied lace phone calls to him. Oh, oh, I'd be like that. When police were taking him into custody, they found three pistols. One of them in Unlicensed 38 long on a bureau and is living him along with homosexual pornography and Nazi helmets, daggers and other momentos, law enforcement sources said. All of this is the same momentos. Oh, I don't want to go through that again. What is it? They also found thousands in cash on the bureau on more than a shopping bag in his bedroom. Johnson told police he'd been stealing money from the Beth Page Church for 25 years, taking as much as 62 underbucks to eat some of it from the poor box sources said, Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. He told police, that's my 401k plan. What? What a lie. I didn't make that up. He told police, that's my 401k plan. Johnson, it was a lot of his apartment wearing a communal. No, this is right up. You got it right there. You sent me this copy. Let me look at this. Towards the bottom after the 401k plan just keeps getting better and better. Johnson, who was led out of his apartment in Comona was charged and broken with aggravated harassment. He's expected to be charged in queens with weapons position and position is stolen property and imbecile and charges are likely to follow court and ass up police. Neighbors described Johnson as an unfriendly loner who never said hello and wouldn't even hold a door open for you. Who would expect a priest would do something so outrageous as Maria Rodriguez, right Maria, the superintendent's wife is at Johnson was a very angry man. Oh, too many wasn't in South Florida. He'd if it right in. Yeah. And Rockville said her diocese in headquarters spokeswoman Joanne Navarro said, Shock Church officials never suspected money was being embezzled. The first we heard was from the police. He said, at St. Martin's of tours, the Reverend John McKinnis city fear the police. He said, at St. Martin's of our Johnson, we'll certainly heard people little heard us. A shake and church gore refuse to discuss the priest arrest noting, I'm not going to react because I can't believe it. I can't believe it. Brooklyn dies. He spoke to him in Frank. The roses had Johnson had a clean record. We never had any complaints against him. We're shocked. Outside or through a prep, a 16 year old junior recalled how Johnson always talked about how smart Hitler was and how he gave powerful speeches. How do you like that? You know who that sounds like? It sounds just like a little. Yeah. Sounds familiar to me. It sounds like we're Governor of California that we're all supposed to admire when to get down in Sing High, too. Another student described the pre-tutal English history and religions they crabbieled, dud. Not dude, dud crabbieled, dud. Can't like more, you know what I mean? Absolutely. At the New York Arts dice, he spoke to Benjamin Jim Goodness, called the church against Johnson on believable. He probably said, thank goodness. They finally got his ass out here. Nothing along these lines was exhibited while it was serious that he was just a teacher out of faculty went home on a weekend. And did the Nazi goose steps and stuff like that? How do you like that, huh? From the New York Post, another pre-conpress, just another isolated incident Dennis in the most corrupt institution in the history of mankind, they'd Roman Catholic church. Don't let me forget. I want to read that story again about how they're killing people by putting out that propaganda about the little tiny holes in them, and don't use quantum because then you'll read a picture, HIV, and all kinds of stuff, and get everybody pregnant, crap like that. Desperately, desperately trying again to brainwash the public and make all of those unwanted babies. We will win with numbers. You know what I'm saying? That's what it's all about. It's a numbers racket. Especially those tax-free dollars. $11.56.5.60 WQA, I'm not forgetting the gal over there at the place. Power sports 10.90 Westside Rye Boulevard for a lot of them. If we don't get at least a grander between our and to a clock, I'm going to be really ported. The best in the merch and nights, we got a lot of free tickets for people who contribute to a band of per rescue. We got those mohawerdated infected key chains. We got the many piratickets to the October Festus weekend at the German American club in Hollywood. Maybe the aphoderval be there, huh? To teach us some good goose steps, which will come in handy pretty soon. And also we got plenty of, we got a piratickets for a nice opening panther game at the macroena. Against the Carolina Huracoans, what's not to like, so go see Miguel and Rubmon is a belly. Three minutes till noon a QA, you like scary Halloween fun? Are you scared of the dark? You think you like to be scared? And the gust of face your fears? You don't know what fear is until you survived phobia house. It's house a masquerade, 3D haunted house. Phobia house is recognized as one of these scariest haunted houses in the US. It scares, scares, and then scares some more. If you think you can survive their collection of 3D phobia infested nightmares, live dead things like snow, blood currants and other screaming horrors, and command down. Believe it over ones at home, this is not a hunt for children under 14. Just ask anybody who survived them before. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget no matter how hard you try. Commandance, you face your fears if you dare. Phobia house by house of masquerades, 305, 238, 3351, Mason the Arrogors Orphuscopra relance, save a buck on admission. Phobia house is located at 1.1.05 South Thicks, you Highway Miami. That's 1.1.01 South Thicks, you know what is it? 1.05 South Thicks, you Highway Miami, just 15 bucks out of the falls. Scream started 70m this Friday and Saturday. And low, this is 4.25. You way too way too way. Smart Morgan is the 12-to-one hour on Q8M. Oh, right. Right. Mustard house, baby, out, baby, hot as a Texas drought. She'd be skinny if she'd stop up in the chocolate center mouth. Layers of fans around the world too in and they go when nuts. Though a sister and an e-burt wouldn't give her two thumbs up. Check out how a friend and lawyer end up in the middle of the night. So, here it came. Bobby Trendy versus Dandel Sugar by, you know him, critics say it's Kable's worst. Yeah, it's number one rank that don't bother and unnuncts you've flapping all the way to the bank. Yes, indeed, baby, she's got ratings that that also does. Save your Sunday night for Anna on that each channel. She got bigger on Saturday and Camels are just saved your Sunday night for Anna on that each channel. And why don't the bloodhound gang or what? Great, there's sensational 170 two votes on a pool. Our 1000's pool on QA. Our organs excited about it. Who do you think is or was the most universally light celebrity? Somebody nobody don't like how about serily. Okay, it's a joke. I know. But now you probably are thinking especially to send me from Bruce Wayne and his boy a wonder. Paul McCartney and Mickey Mouse, it says in Mickey Mouse even though isn't the person we didn't ask about person we said celebrity. Right? Okay. Well, what's wrong with that? Nobody don't like Mickey. Why isn't it gets irritated by the phone calls, but other than that, nobody don't like Mickey. Let's get down to Paul McCartney and Mickey Mouse. Why not? So our 1000's call. Let's go out with a bang, baby. Our 1000's pool. Linda Faxon says, I heard it announced it started already by Charles Gibson on the news. It was hit in the chat, and he had been in the Premier office. So Dr Dolley got she read the latest online-base speech. Now it's only E edgers who invented an online app called WDWDG. The first show was found in our CNAP show. Peter Michael Johnson, Chris McCartney. violent journalist Paul McCartney I mean he never got itroad onаже, but now is going to be updated on Saturday for seven minutes and drunkly. I think that's what it is that we have the conclusion that we will do on Senate salary, with the main form like Urlan. Just live in back to England as soon as regard the news. Now, I know it's been on our eyesight. We are in Westwood and will say it's spread across the world. And we will be affected by this issue. If they say I ran this in line... Huh? Like, uh, Shulie used to say. I got looked for something else to do. Right. That's exactly why when it can't his old ass. The brains stem. How's the brains stem, do they? Am I seeing him lately? No. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Who do you think is who was the most universally like celebrity? Better pretty good list. Boy, this thing is just flashing like, Here's a Fort Lauderdale, hello. Hi, Neil. It's blinding, is there? Yeah, the reason why you're not getting there, is for all those packages up there. You pack you, yeah. Yeah, stick the wick in your back home, okay, asshole. Here's a call from the Margate, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning. Yes, sir. When is that afternoon? Thanks. Once again for the bedtime stories. And I'd like to add, do you valent to the list about possible? Yeah, everybody likes to be valent till. Yeah. Until he became a cramudge in his post TV days in Manavila, Prudish, asshole. But I'll put him on there. Great. How are you, David? And you too, thank you. Thank you. Yes, Steve Allen, everybody loved him. And then, unfortunately, before he croaked, he decided to become one of those Dictatorial sensorial. Oh, everything is filthy. And we got to get our sensitivities. Yeah, that was, that was so sad. It became a goodie to you. What happened to him? He woke up on morning and realized he was married to Jane Meadows. Oh, after all those years, it suddenly dawned on him. Well, she always reminded me as being Prudish and Prudish, which means she was probably a wild bitch in bed, you know? First thing. I'd rather not think about it. No, I'm serious. I think that men and women, I think the people who want to extir, like, while he's Cox, there's another guy. You know, they made me, yeah, he was a fag, but the point being, he was probably a wild child. How about Lassie? Ha ha ha ha. It says, go Arnold and take GW with you. From Mark. Thank you, Mark. How about Lassie? Well, that's, that's not good. Now it would be given. I mean, nobody don't like Lassie, right? Right? That would be. Come to us if an egg. For it. How's the pull coming? Mad dog is in the lead. He's kicking ass. How's Rarity one votes Jim Mandage? Elvis 24, even Elvis can't catch the Mad dog. Fred Rogers 23, Johnny's Carson 20, will Hammond all E 19, Bob Hope 14, Andy Griffith Nine, Lucille Ball, Lucie and the Walter Crohn-Kylet. Princess Dys 7, Jacques Cousteau 6, Bob Barker 5, I'm going to have to get some air working stick in here because the standoff for some of those calls starts permeating the walls of this room. Good place for a stick up. Yeah. And most house. Oh, that's bad. Don't be saying that. But that's something to think about. Here's a Pembroke Pine, so. Permit the fog. Yeah, Permit the frog. Permit the hermit. That's one of those guys I was just talking about. Sounds really boring on a phone, but probably a wild child in the sack. Where his plastic amiga. Here's a call from Hollywood, hello. You say, hi, what? That's, I think I just said, hi, man. I hate it. I love this show. You make my day. Good. I love the CG2 everybody should have too. Right. I want to confirm something about the latest isolated incidents involving a Catholic priest. Yeah. Did you say the Father Johnson taught at the Oratory Prep School? Yeah. The Anal Korea Prep School. Yeah, oratory. Okay, just wanted to make sure that a really great performer everybody left to one of the funniest comedians in my era, guilty of Radner. Oh, yeah. Okay. That's a great choice. In fact, why couldn't have alienated our Rosanna Dana? Why couldn't she even want to croaked? Yeah. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Good choice, excellent. I love that. Thanks a lot, Pally. Okay, but my guilty. Your old Radner, nobody didn't like Rosanna Dana. Right. Got it. But it'll, but iliana. Oh, I get you'll just thinking about that pitch. Everybody with a brain hates that. I am fra out iliana Rosanna. And I like rubbing my smelly gorilla out with soap made from juice. And listening to the new roky. I'm gonna use the hour. I am fra out. Oh, I bet you she's rattling her spoon. Now that Anal got in, huh? Maybe they can like wave some, uh, maybe they can rub their swastikos together. Five O. What is it? Huh? Five six seven. Five O five 60 and pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless one. I started giving somebody's phone number up. That was bad. Here's a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. How about big Wilson? Nobody didn't like hello big. I don't think that many people knew him. No, but I'm put a monitor because he was a good guy. Well, like. And did you read what that pot-faced geek said up in Chicago? Tuesday night? Who's that? Wayne High Zinger. Now he didn't say that he wasn't in Chicago. That's a rumor. It's untrue. It was in the paper today. And, uh, better than that. True. It's not true. I talked to Humpur Road told me to real-story. He wasn't even in Chicago. Oh, Bernadino said that yesterday's the Humpur yesterday. Well, he's a full of crap. Oh. At least I see believe we you want. You can believe Mike Barnadino who works for a crap newspaper at a Humpur who knows his crap. This concept, no. Yeah, just picked up the CD from Miguel. All right. Thanks, Bally. Oh, right. You're the man. There he goes. We got at least 20 bucks. That's a good start. How much we got, Miguel? Let's go. There are a lot of our 1000s pulled a day. And on a rebandit per rescue and all this poor little animals they're getting like abused and overlooked and being a crap done. And maybe they're doing little crap in themselves, but they can't help it. Goes with the territory. Hello, big. See, I don't know if I want to put him on her because we put him on her. Yeah, see what I mean? I mean, like he wasn't really a major celebrity. This has to be like a national person. Okay. I'll put big on him. I'll take him on. No, because then we have to put Bill called her on there and Mike Ranieri. And you know, I just, hello. Hello, big. He was a good guy, man. He was a hell of a guy. Boy, did he like to eat or what? He liked his food. I still can't get over that meal at the New York Statehouse. That, my head many big meals there, but boy, that one. Wow, could he pack it away. He made fat boy and Josh Friedman and the beast combined. Pale and a win significance. Here's a call from West Palm Beach, hello. How about Sunny Roseberg? Yeah, there's a guy everybody loves you. How about the one? Yeah. Keep going. Chris Hawke. How about the guy with the on-house thing? Yeah, good choice. Yeah, good choice. Asphalt. 560 pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. How is it possible? Let me get two airwicks. One for the white speaker and one for the left one. There you go. I'm serious. I got to get two wicks. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello everybody. Here's Jupiter. Hello. Hi, Jean-Perd. Absolutely. Here's a call from Little Havana. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yeah. I want to get you for a boy. Okay, good. But when you get a real voice call, let's back and speak with him. Okay. How's that sound? Good accent. Oh, terrible. From Little Abinertown. 560, 560 pound, 560. They're a full minute to my today. Just the way we like him. Just like that. They're exporting it. Here's a call from Venetis Springs. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Is this Jerry? Jerry? No. John? Oh. Same thing. Okay. Well, we have a Jerry and Venetis Springs who facks his Zolloth. I thought maybe it was Jerry. No, no, no, no. I had never facks you. I had two for your pull. And only one. Only one. All right. We'll do one. I'm not the biggest fan, but I think universally Paul Harvey's probably got a lot of no variety. Paul Harvey. Good day. Oh, Paul. Thanks, John, or whatever your name is, Jack. Oh, up the hill. Paul Harvey. Good day. Now put him on there. I will be. That'll be good for a hoat. I used to listen to Paul Harvey. Did you hear the voice? That's right. Cause you used to be on a station until I'll never forget when we first went over to IOD when they lured me away from Zeta. Which, of course, was a well-desired on both parts. But when he finally got me out of there and they hired me and a little that I realized that that tended to get involved the new hour from hell. Was that last at least some of we Harvey? Remember that? Yeah. We had Paul Harvey. We had the Rick Weaver show. We had the news. We had, I mean, it was like a joke. A joke. It was a disaster. It was like somebody had, of course, Bill Wise was the program director. And you remember what I wore on he was. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Right. And so I'll say this much. A soft boost gave them a call and said, hey, get that crap off of it. I'm like a suit you asked. You do something. And they said, okay. Okay. And they all disappeared. Paul Harvey. And of course, all the old ladies come in just like this guy from beneath his springs. Old lady. Oh, where's our poor Harvey? We don't want to hear this foul mouth son of a bitch. We want to hear Paul Harvey. And all the new is we want to hear the story behind the story and the rest of the story. The beginning of the story and they asked him to the story. And they said, no. No. We want an audience with somebody under the age of a hundred listening. Not the Paul Harvey crowd. Twelve in his past noon. A reason Paul Harvey has been doing the show in his basement all these years. They can't get his ass out of there. They feed him down there. He's kind of like a Sheridan on passions. You know, stuck in the pit. Sheridan by the way, it's still alive. After days and days underwater. He's still alive. You're watching that. Now Scott. Drift dry. Yes. She's looking pretty good. Actually, looks like no, none of the worse for where. Even after having been in a pit for weeks and weeks and weeks. And being in the middle of all of that. Well, you know, watching where. I want to say what she was in the middle of, but you can kind of like use your imagination. All right. 1213 at 5. 16 W Q AM. If you spent the last year avoiding mirrors, not because you're like a vampire like Bella, but because of the fact like Bella, I'm so, but because of the fact that you don't want to see your bald spot. If you're like, always kind of like look off to the side because you don't want to see the reflection. Here's the answer for it. Chuck Alphiari. He's got simply the best piece going into business using the very latest technology. Charlie came up with this natural hairline system. And no matter how much it's been to where you go or what you're popping your post, you can't get a better look and hit it here than which Charlie's natural hairline system. He had nothing lose. We said that ugly shiny bald spot because like I always tell you, everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee. If you're not obsessed, if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, Charlie can be a full refund no question to ask, you know who those people were this light just on? That may Gary Sarnas boyfriend. Call today. Be sure to mention the arragies. You'll get $200 off on your record off the regular already low price. And don't forget Charlie also services and repairs all types of her systems. While you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks and always makes them look at how low the lot better to. So call today. There's no obligation. They give you free consultation in Shoya. How great house sensational. How young and trim and women full of it. They can make you look 1-800-321-2413. That's the toll free number to call 1-800-321-2413. Or log onto that prestigious website at Charlesoffeari.com. If you love those great songs from those great mafia movies, you'll flip over real mob hits. Not only does real mob hits give you more of that great mob music, but you also get awesome sounds of real mob hits. Like look at the ice pick, Fiamma. Getting here is at the 106th Street Bobby shop. Forget about it. Or who can forget, Sally's a fish getting the old piano wire across the throat. If I remember correctly, it was a B flat. So what a real mob hits now. If you know what's good for you. That was by dialing 1-800-Bottabing. Real mob hits. Hey, it's real. Forget about it. Bobby, this is a faction some disgruntled employee over there at the Magic 1-2.7. Yeah, leave us out. Okay, we realize Bob Hamilton is an asshole and they play the same few songs. I'm not third man. Over and over again, but who cares, you know? And that's the fact that they want to use me to vent their hostility. We had a problem of our own. We had enough fish to fry, QAM, okay? We had enough fish to stir fry. Dean holds 10-point lead over Kerry in New Hampshire over scary Kerry. Howard Dean maintains a double-digit lead over rival John Kerry in New Hampshire pull likely voters in the state's Democratic presidential primary to pull by American research group of Manchester in New Hampshire. Show Dean the former hot-fruiser on Governor-leading Massachusetts Senator Kerry 29% to 19. The remaining candidates including newcomer Wesley Clark Warren single digits 29% still are undecided. How do you like that? 10-point lead. Wait a minute. Dick Abhardt of Missouri and Jewelie movement of Connecticut 6% of peace. Clark 5% Senator John Edwards of North Carolina 3% is going to have some dead people voting for him. Carol mostly brought in representative Dennis Cassinous, you go high 1%. Al Sharpen has 0%. There's probably because New Hampshire didn't know dark folks. While 9-10 in the pool said they were aware of Clark almost half of the sample said they don't know enough about him to form an opinion even though he does have size 14 feet. Oh that's Clark Kent. Clark the retired army general was a 2% of September pool. Now he's all the way up to 5% and the latest pool. Almost 2-3rd 60 feet percent at favorable opinions of Dean and Kerry. The New Hampshire primers to send for January 27. Is that far away? Right? No member December? No member December? January 3 and a half months? Not that bad when we start selecting our new president. See one thing that they did discovered that the highly staring movement is that the electorate is pissed off and fired up. And as a result a lot of incumbents are going to get their ass tossed out including WN or Sam. Yeah right. The public is infuriated. They're obsessed with their anger and hostility. They're all the unemployment and the crappy economy and the all the kid. Another American by the way, another American soldier died last night in the Baghdad. Plus, plus they had another one of them incidents you know. The Baghdad. The Baghdad and diplomat shot to the violence rock Baghdad this morning is 10 people were killed in the suicide by the outside of police station. And a separate incident, a Spanish diplomat shot to the outside is home. And like I said, another American soldier killed over night 2. Every single day, one and a two it's like a Lawrence Welk thing. More and more dead bodies keep pilot up. And then he's then he's whipping up condolese there to try to give you a rationalize why we're there. We did the right thing on all this other book rep with his desperate PR campaign. Anybody buy in her crap? No. Crack is her middle name. Some Nokia phones explode and burn users. Get out. Hellstinky Finland. Nokia today put it the finger at an unauthorized counterfeit battery. And after another bit of phones exploded and burnt its user, the third such case in two months. How come they say burnt instead of burned? I don't know. The finished. Remember Linda Blair said it burnt. The third such case in two months and said original battery sold to the phones were safe. The world's largest mobile phone makers said early or a young Vietnamese woman was hospitalized with burns. Oh, please restrain yourself. After her mobile phone apparently exploded, see Americans on Nokia's a finished company. But who would have been American company like motor roll? They probably was said, oh, then Vietnamese are probably used to that anyway. Oh, no. They would have been, no, that well, you know, it's in poor taste, but that probably would have been the end of the time. Pretty funny though. After all the people we slaughtered over there. The incident follows two similar accidents and then Netherlands, needle-ons, one last week in the other in August. Fomin Beligous Dutch incident, which left a 15 year old buy in the town of Hangolo with leg burns, that country's consumer watchdog said it would probe the case. They're probing it. You know, then Dutch. We don't have any information on what's the origin of the battery in the Vietnam case. Nokia mobile phone spokesman, Kerry Tutee said. Kerry Tutee. But there has been a single case of an original battery expo. In other words, they try to blame like bogus batteries, phony also the crap. It certainly couldn't be them, but it, oh, no. I don't know, Kipot. Not those Nokia people. Do you? No. Why are we going to get cancer of the earlobe? Excellent. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon. We're going to have a whole pile of good stuff here. But the cause is so good. We ought to get them all in. Who do you think is or was the most universally light celebrity? See, the reason that like yesterday would have moved anything. You know, this, when there were just tons and tons of like real suggestions on there, because that's something they can sink their teeth into. It was like murder and blood, hidden violence, stuff like that. Like that. But today, we're asking something positive like who do you like? And, of course, you know, Sunny Roseberg's the person they most like in South Florida, which should tell you a lot. Jim Manit's so 38. Fred Rogers, 27 Elvis 26 Johnny Carson 23, Muhammad Ali 20, 21 Bob Hope 17, even Princess Die as 12. Here's North Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing, boss? I'm doing great. I got a, uh, somebody suggestion for your poll. How about Joe Namazio? Nobody didn't like Joe Namazio, a separate effect that he was a real skin-flint piece of crap, but I'll put it on there. Thank you, boss. That's good. You too. Joe Namazio, a lot of people hated him like poison. Bob, put it on there. Joe, you, what? Those pesky red socks. Are you talking about Johnny pesky again? He played before you were born. Okay. He played that song. Like a little play on words. Yeah. pesky red socks. Yeah. Or what? He a panic. By the way, the Yankees are going down. You're going down, man. They're going down. You can smell it. You're not likely. They're going down. Very likely. That my pick helps in a maroon's like I said. I think seven games, which would be perfect. Wouldn't that be great in a sunshine state? Well, they're going to play the three games here. So we're going to get our money anyway. That's right. They're going to play three games, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. And then they go back to weekly, pigly field for the last two, which what kind of a, I realized the travel thing. But it's not exactly like a long-sleeved from Chicago to Miami. I wonder if the garbage strike is over up there. I don't know what I really don't care to be honest with you because I can smell it. And it's all coming from these calls as most of it's coming from. Forget about the garbage. We got our own garbage problems. And of course, we know his name, too. Absolutely. The moment. The moment, in case you tune in late, the moment on everybody's, uh, crapless today and forever. He's bird his last little, uh, you know, there was like maybe a little piece of a bridge there. Probably on the right side of his posts. But he has bird his bridges with everybody else in a building and it's unanimous. That's a tower. Yeah. I mean, how can you battle 100%. I, I, I, I, I, I want to quote, you know, speak for anybody else, but I've got somebody can't stand him. You know, who it is? Yeah. Yeah. I don't want to look. Oh, I think the reason he didn't come in and see us this morning, he was upset that we had that Arnold picture on our website, even saying they, but I just get the feeling he was like, put off by that. I'm going to call him in the hall. He was in some sort of a meeting or something. With that with his penis hanging out there on our website, which of course, I don't know why Duff should be upset because I'm sure he seemed plenty before before what, Pinoses. But I think that even Duff is probably like, uh, just grinding his teeth and gnashing him over the fact that he would like something horrible to happen. I'm all like he hit by a Mac truck would be good. Duff. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line. Here's a call from Hollywood again. Hello. Yeah, hello. Yes sir. Yeah, I got somebody for you. Go ahead. Frank, Fidad, drop. Okay, well, if we can put you out of my as you want air, of course, you never see him together. Two out of Italian boys. Two out of Tliners as they say. Who says that by the way, the Chinese use that term Tliners? And I've seen no not not nuts. Oh, you know what? Sudge Coleman is done nuts. Get what? What? The same person. You're wrong. Don't not tell the pencil neck and buggy eye. I'm not talking about how he looks. I'm just talking about the personality, the voice, everything. Even sounds like him. I was watching biography channel a couple nights ago when I was doing the Byron of Don nuts. He's Sudge Coleman. I'm telling you. You ever seen it to him together? Oh, same person. You're right, party with both of them. How many of you did? Don't con suck a bomb. Harry, carry in Santa Claus. Well, that's not good too. Carry away the fictional people. Okay, like, Harry, like Santa Claus. Next to be putting God on there. You know what I'm saying? Oh, good. You want to put Harry, carry on there? No. I don't carry. No, I'm gonna put Harry on there. What's the point? Most of our buildings, most of the audience, most of the world, even a Who now that was. He was like a local thing, you know? Hey, Neil. Fuck you. Back at you. By the way, have another one. 1227 at 560 WCWM. Hey, I'll tell you where everybody likes Tom Lamin and even Joe Prieto. Over at Hellach Potty, actually MC. What's not to like? And right now, they want you to know that the 2003 New Rogers blowout sale is still going on at Hellach Potty, actually MC. Neil, deal number one. Save up to seven grand with the high-speed baits of the year. Plus, get deep, deep, deep discounts and all remaining 2003 models, including the Yukon and the On-Boy XL. And Neil, deal number two. Get zero percent financing for up to five years and listen to this. Right now, at Hellach Potty, you can lease yourself a fully loaded 2004 Grand Prix GT for the measly price of just $259 bucks a month for 36 months. You get 12,000 miles here and you pay only $2500 bucks out of pocket. It's an unbelievable, unbeatable deal. And Hell's also got a great solution to the top certified P.O. Cars price, press NSUEs, anywhere in the market. And as far as credit is concerned, if you're worried, if you're panicky, if you get like hyperventilating when you go to a car lock because you're afraid of going to check a blum, issue two on your credit record or maybe a whole bunch. Have no fear because the guys in Hell on a work with you as close as possible to make sure you get a deal. It's the 2003 blowout sale going on right now at Hellach Potty, GMC, 134-01, South Dixie Highway. That's you. That's you. That's what I'm trying to do. I mentioned that my phone rang yesterday at 2 o'clock and it was normal. Can't do it here. Don't call here, Norma. You jackass, stop it. For more information on the Niel deals, call the Niel deal Hotline or call Norma Camp. But anyway, the Niel deal Hotline and Halib is 1 triple 8 5 3 4 4 4 2 11. That's 1 triple 8 5 3 4 4 4 2 11. Don't forget, all Niel deals are going to credit. A poval seat that good folks in Halib for details. Halib Potty, GMC, who be professional grade. Full Life, moving on. We were supporting EO Five Seep in 6th detected. JewayM. Brilliant. Don't either. We need to leave here. We will kick us back on track. Maybe it's time we had a crisis and we left. No. I've seen him on TV just up in his solar closed. I heard his running mate, my job being changed around. A rise name is holding out, he has to be blessed. The latest call, say, is the leader of the past. Some folks eat the clothes and my day's say they're ain't no wait. But the time they changed, you know, is our next one, you'll be gay. Okay, here's the fact that you may stort and Harry Curry. We're not really just having a Harry Curry on there. Just, uh, I don't know. You want to put him on there, put him on there. All right. You want to put him on there? Sure. Put him on there. CARA. Why? Let's see, at least this guy's got this falling right. And Jimmy Stewart, which has a good choice, but then it says, Manage is great, but he's entirely local. Let's, uh, in correct, because if you watch the NFL films and a highlights, Mad Dog's voices all over the place, he's everywhere. Even though, you know, everybody knows the advantage. Plus he was a big star near NFL. He's not just a local personality. He hates my drift. Barton again. You hear what I'm just saying? I like it. Okay. Because it says if he's included, people like such would be on those. Listen, I love such. But if we start putting all the local people on there, uh, it's not the same category. Jim Madditch was an NFL star. He's known nationally. He's on the NFL stuff when they use the audio all the time from the Dolphin games. Everybody knows the old number 88. Right? He's even tickling on the 88's. If we put suds, then you got to put Bill Wilson, Dick Wilson and Bill Walter and Larry King. And this one and that one. Yeah. Larry King. Uh-huh. Officer. 560560, Bryant defense team could proceed straight to trial. It says here on the full court press with Wolf Blitz Gregg, you and a few sig miles. Do a little straight arming to the audience to support us after no. Jim Madditch 40. I mean, to tick off the guy that's leading would be absolutely inappropriate. Don't you think? Sure. It would be inappropriate. We're not going to do that. Even though this guy did send two good choices. Okay. 40 for the Maddog. Fred Rogers 29. Elvis and Muhammad Ali 27 of piece. Now I see great similarities there. You know it. Johnny Carson 26. Bob Hope 19. Princess Dye 16. Andy Griff in the Walter Crunk. 11. And Lucy is just as you got Mickey Mouse right now. He's got eight. She's got nine. Good old Mickey. He's starting to move up the ladder just a little bit. I'll find it sooner or later. I get it. How's Miguel doing? We get any updates. Any as you report to 80 pretty quick. Well, it's only a few in vinegar a while. 280. It's not good enough. We want to get a $1,000 to maybe between now and two o'clock or your tool is going to be really pissed off, especially on our 1000th pool anniversary on a show. Is that a big deal? No. Let's make a big deal out of it. Let's get a dollar for each pool. That's on the plan. Okay. $1,000 for a thousand pools for crying out loud. That's the least that they're worth it with seem to me. So we got 280. Let's get with it. Miguel is in the QM van. Power sports 1090 West sunrise Boulevard and Fort Lodderdale. God, you're best in the merch. Even though I'm telling you they're going to be collectors at him some day. More Howard David Keychains and mad dog Keychains. Oh, right. It's really worth something because he's so damn popular at scary. He's so hot. You can't touch him. And the first to hold a bunch of people that come by if you make it on a show of a band of Paris. You can get some of our merchandise. We got tickets to the October fest at the German club in Hollywood this weekend. German American club at the German club and we got eight per tickets for nice Panther Carolina Herkun season opener at the end to center. Any interest? No. I don't want to say anything. Negative to about the Panther organization before are they disparate. Marilyn Monroe. That's a good choice. Right? Got it. Nobody in isn't it interesting that just four choices back we had Joe to Manjillo who's just on top of Marilyn Monroe. I'm that's not the first that. That was you know I tell you as beautiful as she was. She I don't know. I've said this before. She was married to Joe to Manjillo. Arthur Miller. And who was the other one? Was there another one? There was the the first one who wasn't famous. Oh. How's we? They were all not not just ordinary of me not just pedestrian ugly. But I mean really really ugly and old. Apparently she wasn't particular. Was there a popularity? Oh, he did the Kennedy's right. She did anybody who would ask. Really? Yes. Well, dammit. Yeah. What a shame for a lot of you guys. I changed still around. Well, of course you probably would look to good. Marilyn Monroe get her ass almost. Don't what's it just about to say something extremely important. Only moments ago. Then I interrupted myself something very important George. You're not keeping a while. I will never have it. I want to panther organization. No one of you forgot. I'm trying to forget. No, but they're sending out like a season ticket orders to my house. I got the word yesterday of a packet. Desperation with a whole bunch of not vouchers even but like tickets. Actually tickets in the lower bowl for the L.A. King's game like in section 107. I think there were like six pera tickets. There were maybe six tickets. And if they're doing that with all the season ticket orders, how many of you think they were left about 30 minutes? Season ticket orders. They're just given tickets to way ahead of a visitor. Try to put some seats in the asses in the seats. Here's the facts from Kyle who says, don't know if you had him do your pull. How about Bill Clinton? That's a good choice. He's a celebrity now. Right? Right. Look, I wrote Bill's celebrity on my thing. He's tutenant. Also, I was just in for a future pull. How about so-called comedians who are not funny? I like that. That's good. Thank you, Kyle. Also, I nominate for that pull. Tom Arnold Martin Lawrence and Chris Tucker would say. And go Panthers. Kyle's a panther fan. Let's hear it for Kyle. Oh, we got somebody who cares. Not too many. I think there could be a girth of asses in those seats this season. I hope that I'm wrong. But it's not looking too promising. I'll be there. Yeah, you'll be there because you got three tickets asshole. That's why. If you had a pay would you be there? No chance. Oh, that's right. I heard the word. I'm here at is that you've had a bunch of free tickets. And what we're going to do is give away when you pick that stuff up. Yeah. There'll also be those LA kings, the tickets that they sent us for free. I'll give those away on the year. Remember the triple crown line? Why are you talking about? The triple crown line for the kings. No? If this companions outrage by the way, what you all about hockey, I could stuff in Moses and have room for his peace left over. Okay, don't start with his hockey trivia crap with me. Okay, Mr. Hotshot. Who's the backup goalie for the Panthers now? Who cares? Ha ha ha ha. Yeah. If this companions outrage by the US churches, election of a gay bishop, prepare to request asking worldwide Anglican primates to intervene. And earth primates. I was just going to say, Wow. And earth church members to stop funding the nomination. Speakers at a conference of more than 2700 conservatives described the Episcopal churches. Liberal policies on homosexuality as pericy and apostasy. And participants are planning a vote today on a formal appeal to the international Anglican communion. Those attending the three day meeting organized by the Conservative American Anglican Council submitted responses yesterday to a proposed draft of a declaration from the meeting. Leaders were to rewrite the document overnight for endorsement before departing today. We plan to send a very queer, a clear, the sense of mentions in Episcopal Church asking to repent and reverse these actions said to Reverend David Rosebrio, Plano. Plano texts as a matter of fact, he's related to Rick Plano from that track out there in Sacramento. What is it, Golden Bear? And a convention in Minneapolis, there's some of the church confirmed that the election of a gay bishop living with his partner and vote to recognize that it's bishops are allowing blessed blessing ceremonies for same-sex couples. There's another great line in here somewhere at the... It's hysterical. I can't find it though. Episcopalians play the cash card, it says. Is that embarrassing or what? Yes. For many Episcopalians, angst is mixed with uncertainty as they wait the world primate's guidance. They're waiting guidance from primate. Maybe precious on passions will give them more. You think? Come on, precious, what do you say sweetheart? Ha ha ha ha. Oh, it is Greg again. Now, the guest appearance by Greg Reid, our fearless leader. So, deficit of meeting he's holding his meat again? He was earlier. He's out. Out and about now. He's out and about. He's out? Well, I'll be damned. Let's hear it. For good old deaf ones. What do you say? Big hand for a dog. Yeah. He's out. And about. Maybe he and Clarence are putting their heads together. 221 at 5.60W to kill him. We got the mad dog at 2. The wildly popular, the amazingly astonishingly popular gym management. Everybody loves him. They want a piece of him. You have to hump or an etiquette. Call to the set, noon 4 to 7. With a really tough assignment again. Fun's in there. Lung's got to believe me. Maybe one of them will tear up a ticket. Okay, sure. We took. It's always works that way. 7 o'clock. You got the panther preview. 730. The panther's host. The Carolina Hurricanes and the Maca. Are we in a set yet the center? Any interest. No. And etiquette to the game again. And overnight. We don't know because, uh, Clarence didn't bother to put it on the schedule. I guess that was his way of protesting against the really low numbers. He's been working on the work again overnight. Hey, speaking of plunging your guts out, attention horse racing fans. Pompatopark kicks off its 40th anniversary season tomorrow. Friday October 10. The track will feature top class night time horse racing and high stakes poker. The new post-time will be 705 for the first harness race. And poker will be open from noon to midnight. Every day we have live racing at Pompatopark. Pompatopark is also open seven days and nights a week with silent casting. The best and harness door button highlight action ball across North America. For you to watch and wage your on, look out for Irvephalia and ease the win again. And don't forget that general park and mission are always free at Pompatopark. New this season at 20% increase in purses. A nightly giveaway of a $400 betting voucher and a revamped free powerplay rewards program. They give you points either for betting the horses or playing poker that you can redeem for special gifts and betting vouchers later on. And opening night tomorrow night October 10. The first 500 fans age each 18 and an older will get a free $2. $2.00 paid for a wager special dollar night for Vera Soda's Hot Dogs in Mortemar and it's also family fun night with free mini horse rides and face painting. A live radio broadcast by some bogus radio station and free drawings to get into a money machine with a $1,000 inside. Or you can win CScape dinner cruise tickets as well. So lots of reasons for you get out there for opening night tomorrow night. And also you can root for the marlins and watch the games Friday and Saturday on any of their 1000 TV sets all around the track. Top of the park a block south of the 90 foot of our line road for the new race schedule or the simultaneous schedule going to web at pump at o park dot com or call nine five four nine seven two two thousand. Don't forget pop at o park with its 40th anniversary seeding starting tomorrow Friday October 10 and by the way. The good luck this instant or else. The world. This is for 20. 2 a.m. Peace. A sense of well being a sense of self-worth. It comes from the inside out. It doesn't come from the outside in. Dr. Phil Gatsby of the wall. There. There's no substance there at all. Texas. Matter. Boston. Don't you look the same. Dr. Phil. Raven. When they. He's a. Mr. No. Never want to see. Where is the. Cheese. That. That's crazy. Dr. Phil. Why. Do you. Do you. Do you. Do you. Do you. Do you. Do you. Do you. Do you. Do you. Or. It. I tell the. Caller. have the assureline steak medium well I have the spaghetti with meat sauce I'll have the chef the brionne medium we're I'll have corn on a cob and I'll have baked Alaska and I'll have you know and they would read off like a whole list of about 15 different things follow them saying right because I'm looking at his latest and gene gene Rogers who would all do respect usually faxes and make some sense especially with that last name but uh here's my four choices none of which make any sense at all but I mean you know mommy maybe Milton Burl does that's for old farts hey he didn't know it let's uh take how do you know that she told me uh built threatened doesn't belong on there okay we see that the audience this is our 1000 pull and unfortunately this audience won't allow us to do it the way it's supposed to be to get him off of there it's my badge okay I should never have allowed that he's not a celebrity and he wasn't I mean he is in a way but he's not really a celebrity we're not putting political figures on it we're not putting small time local figures under the nobody outside of uh south Florida uh North of Palm Beach County knows okay you got it you got it I didn't think so god i mean some of these names that are coming up here but again it's your opinion that's the Kilsen Good Time that's what we're here for how are we doing out there with Miguel 280 a little while ago do we got now 300 300 300 yeah and I'm done period all right uh oh you got this like you the way you ended that like you say 300 but there's a line of 15 people there's something like that's power sports 10 90 West sunrise Boulevard for Lauderdale that's where I'm telling something and then of course normal can't you see oh well I heard I heard some of what you said about how hard it is to raise money this year for charity so maybe we'll forget the bottle head dolls for now yeah forget it for now for next circus forever you jackass you manipulator you user you phony and don't you ever ever give my phone number out again to anybody just because uh we both gave him a head one time years ago okay you idiot 400 and one pair of hotkeys tickets what 400 and one more pair of hotkeys oh 400 so all but one of the hockey up here is our gone so we have one pair left tickets for the panter Carolina hurricane game tonight at the macro we have a 400 and that bad in about 45 minutes right right we could make a thousand still I mean what you said that before that was like an earlier report let me say again 10 90 West sunrise Boulevard for Lauderdale power sports that's where you'll see the QM fan the lovely Miguel will be and they're just seeing him should be we should charge for that even though he's a little dense Jim managed 47 who do you think is or was the most universally light celebrity the mad dog angry puppy the hostile hound 47 who also hates more like poison by the way Fred Rogers 31 my Hammond Ali has got uh but third man Elvis 27 Johnny Carson 27 Bob Hope 20 Princess Diana over here 18 Walbers Krankei has got 13 and he grip at 11 Lucy 10 and everybody all single digits even Mickey oh by sure mentioned this earlier somebody thanks to seeing yesterday and I wanted to mention this several times today but I won't I'll mention it once because sometimes they're really disappointing you know frontline on PBS and they get the big hoop line it's going to be a big exposan and he watched it in the same old craft that we already know especially us since they're those of us on this program associated with it and involved with it who like put the bedtime stories on there maybe actually even read them anyway tonight on PBS truth war consequences on frontline uh let me just read a little blurb here it says uh not I don't want to read that part in truth war consequences tonight at 9 p.m. on PBS frontline losses it's new season with a 90 minute report by correspondent Martin Smith who explores the underlying story of why US went to war in Iraq what went wrong with the planning for the post-war occupation and what is it stake for both the US and the Iraqis the ones who are still alive in interviews with key players and bagged at a Washington Smith probes the fierce internal battles between the Pentagon and the state department and CIA over the intelligence justifying the war and over the shape of post-Satum Iraq Smith a we find the Sautami of the way of Oshami Yamama Mula Bula Smith co-producer Marcella Cavadilla Cavadilla and Cameroon Scott anger also offering tents on the ground footage revealing some of the disturbing realities of the US led occupation on our website following the broadcast will feature extended in depth interviews from the program with ill-pulled abremor afmadi chalabi richard puro uh jagarner con and makea richard haus and others including with 10 james t con way ayana also feature web exclusive news with former Clinton and Bush administration envoy James Dobbins on America's nation building record a legal scar scallor Noah Feldman oi and advisor on the new Iraqi constitution about Islam and democracy and Iraq in the Middle East that's tonight at nine o'clock ninety minutes on PBS check your listings uh first station up your ass there you go got it got it thanks Michael for the tip off on it because otherwise I would have never known and you would have either needed what if anybody else just like watching small girl last night which was very entertaining and very good and Clark had a big thing brain that I missed test it buried no I did not actually did it yeah but he got better he took a slow burn is what I heard how about George Burns there you go I like that how about him I know that was what a segue that was George Burns Gracie stews in George Burns actually I smoke burnt smoke and he got him George Burns belongs to under because he you know even though he's been dead a while and even contemporary people people on the beach of a hundred like maybe over not turn man they know from all those old god and uh all those other movies he did and then of course as old far to remember the uh Burns and Allen show and they're adopted son Ronnie Allen who probably ought to be about what ninety now remember Ronnie Allen no of course you know about how I do remember I'm very well oh listen to this senator orange snats wants to terminate the constitutional prohibition against foreign born citizen such as Arnold Schwarzenegger and others from becoming president the article two of the constitution says that no person except an actual born citizen or citizen of the west of the town of the adoption of this constitution shall be eligible to be or a fist of the president but hatches seeking to amend the constitution to remove the ban allowing anyone who's been a citizen of the west for two decades to run for the country's highest orifice this riskers has become an equinoism that is decidedly on americans snatched the chairman of the senator judiciary committee one time presidential candidate and long time fashion stability introduced the change last week but retired university of Alabama history professor fourth McDonald said the probation made sense when it was included in the constitution and i'm not sure they reasoning is entirely outdated he'd be saying he said that fifteen years before the constitution was written for an operative from Russia pressure and austria austria all my god conspiracy favorable monarch elected lead polem once in place the country was divided up among the three powers the american fathers were cutely sensitive to the prospect McDonald said he said it's unlikely although not inconceivable that something like that could happen today his other argument against the amendment are the sports nigger the term nader star's been floating a uh... so this is an old thing what does this from flirting with running his republican for governor california McDonald said i'm scared of the man who is born in austria had spoke so in the arquid tappia said the bill wasn't crafted to help on all it was a policy judgment wasn't associated with any particular individual our concern representative of senator democratic spustling a similar version in the house that would require foreign born citizens to wait 35 years before becoming president represented bernie fag a massachusetts bender dancouse thursday's amendment during last congress did make it to the house did a here committee like that how about party fan for president what do you say no uh... look at the car being can help it oh guess what's coming out today finally besides the i give up oh that but what's that oh i thought you were talking about the i knew i'll franken book the new al franken book lies and there is no new al franken book i mean the new uh... michael more book oh that one that's one of the back came out yesterday i'll figure with starts tomorrow since you're like uh... getting all around this killed bill oh yeah you're interested not i don't know it's supposed to be the most violent movie ever made why do you ask my interest in that if you got a bootleg copy or something not yet oh just a white white you ask it that way because it didn't seem like you're bad well i mean it's being highly touted obviously and everybody's in an upper or about it that's the most violent in the fact that they're saying oh i'll leave in the kids alike this not the little kids but like teenagers and so on quentin thirteen or so in that and everybody's up at arms and all been out of shape which of course will get a lot more people to go see it i'm not saying i'm gonna go run right out and see it tomorrow but i'm i just mentioned for a lot of people out of our statistics people on the audience people like train spotting and the bed spotting and bed wedding but they killed bill is out in the theaters tomorrow everything wrong with promoting that and you're talking about dood wears my country the new Michael Moore book which came out yesterday tell there there you go it's party time for the nation's money makers the redesign twenty dollar bills reached the public today all right this morning nineteen billion dollars worth of new notes when in a circulation some twenty percent of the total value of all twenty dollar bills as early as six this morning armor trucks were delivering them to the federal reserve vaults the commercial banks all across the USA meanwhile the fed in its bureau of engraving and printing the BEP are holding a nation wide series of publicity events part of a thirty three million dollar campaign to let the world know the new bills are legit we're spending thirty three million dollars to say hey you see these pink bills here pink that's because we got a lot of bags down their flexion their muscles they're flushing it like Arnold and as we saw we better cave in thirty three million let the world know that these they see they call them peach for you know what they are the pink pink punnies now isn't it Andrew Jackson who's on a $2 bill yeah who's on the three dollar bill you're pulling five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and the I'd be honored to be on the three dollar bill anytime 257 at five sixty WCWM attention on your mortgage shoppers out there the following message could save you a lot of cash actually tens of thousands of dollars interest rates for home loans are shooting up like crazy but there's still interest rate available it's just one point ninety five percent from our friends at financial group call one eight hundred nine four o'clock and be sure mention the top director to call them it's true the economy's changing so even if you're thinking about refinancing your home or you want to move up to a better real estate investment that's what you ought to be doing right now by the way that american dollars worth a crap the eros up to like one seventeen and something oh my god call financial group at one eight hundred nine four o'clock with one point ninety five percent uh financing you'll get payments like you never dreamed of if you take a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are a mirror three hundred and sixty eight dollars a month if you have a two hundred thousand dollar only purely seven thirty six a month so call financial group right now get yourself that low amazing astonishing nearly two hundred good to be true one point ninety five percent interest rate and save a shipment load a cash don't forget interest rates are climbing Sir hurry and get it on this right now low one point ninety five percent financing with financial group column two three one eight hundred nine four o'clock that's one eight hundred nine four o'clock equal housing letter credit restrictions do apply rates of the change monthly five point one nine APR five six two a but it's the one to two hour you've seen eat wild on my enemy you've seen eat wild on the river era well now get ready for the wildest wild on ever as e goes wild on Ethiopia be there as e-parties hearty at Ethiopia's hottest spots how hot are they try one hundred thirty degrees and you won't want to miss our very own shoes astronaut as she gets down and dirty with the hottest partiers Ethiopia has to offer so what do you people love so much about Ethiopia oh oh we're gonna eat first hungry for a party now we're that's e wild on Ethiopia this week on e-e-e entertainment television because we're not running out of ideas we're just running out of good let me ask you something what happened to Jim Mandage why did the man dog just disappear off the pole I give up what is that all about i said get built put an off it air instead he takes off the man dog hey oh my god Eric what in god's name has uh what is that all about i don't know ready for that shocking they're like this and this is our 1000 pull and Eric is digging with it and the pull too get that back on and i have no idea what he had before so i just totally uh throws this off i think we go home right now anyway here's this facts from one of our listeners before that yes for 20 and no mobile hockey tickets yeah some other it's a 20 bucks was an exchange for whatever merchandise and also the last rehockey tickets so now that there's no more rehockey tickets that'll be the end of our fundraising for this next hour is that what you're trying to break to me gently along with the fact of Mandag just disappeared off our up pole yeah okay sure who's leading hands down anyway this facts about bob kishan captain kangaroo in the fact that he was a war hero and yani yani but anyway the other interesting part Mr. Rogers Fred Rogers was the US Navy seal combat proven in Vietnam with over 25 confirmed kills to his name he wore a long sleeve sweater to cover the many tattoos on his forearm and biceps a master in small arms than hand-to-hand combat able to disarmor kill in a heartbeat he hid that away in one of our hearts with his quite wit and charm and that's a real shocker in it that is I'm glad I didn't call him a fact to his face good got all my the ever put on my blue blockers because that's a real shocker five six seven oh five six to be out four hundred and twenty bucks for a man in per rescue out there at uh power sports ten ninety was sunrise boulevard for lollery ladies pretty damn weak pretty embarrassing to say that this is a difficult year raising money for charity is like saying that the the president's a moron it you know goes without saying so I don't even know how to give the result of this pool because it's like uh uh uh eric has just left me hanging over here uh Jim managed will be put up back oh just be appeared here with his for more widely disappeared he thought that was the local guy you wind up the uh Paul did not go through a long I realize he can't listen every minute because he's got very important eating I mean business to do but did not go through a long excruciating explanation of why he's not just a local person why yes you did yes I did Jim managed 47 Muhammad Ali 34 Fred Rogers 32 who do you think is or was the most universally the light celebrity Elvis 29 Johnny's Carson 27 here's Bob Hope 23 princess die 19 Walters Kronkide 14 Andy Griffith 12 Lucy 12 Jacques Cousteau and Mickey Mouse or Titan and a piece I think that's appropriate and Bill Clinton is the one I think he's got seven boats get him often there he's not a celebrity okay he ain't no solar and mother Teresa was she a celebrity get her aphaner too see I'm letting these people suck me into bull crap 12 thing we make it start in yeah I'm letting them suck me into bull crap I don't even want to make a reason I'm along on there and either this bill Clinton for crying out loud celebrity she wasn't a celebrity she was celebrated she was celebrate and she knew that song we just want to celebrate the fact that all these humble and babies are being born and people are dying over here and speaking of die you know this is that she died the same weekend as princess die and of course the church was forming it the mouth because die and it wasn't Catholic what she I don't think so no church of England so she got all the publicity and poor mother Teresa she got squad is what she got she got a few extra wrinkles that last trip and at the Pope will be all here's for a longer day hello hey Neil how you doing today I hope you have a great day listen I like to discuss a couple things you've been talking about first and foremost I got to agree with you those Yankees I can't wait to get beat I'm tired of seeing Steinbrenner with his damn turtle neck sweaters on and always be on about his coaches and the other team beat him I like to see them I can get some new blood in them now second of all let's get to the Muscrack Mo I want to be the first person to volunteer on 441 and I vary and sit there with your petition but a Muscrack must go petition what do you think about right I like it you're hired man we'll see that tomorrow morning at the six o'clock the Muscrack must go goodbye to Mo right absolutely yeah get rid of him back to go Mo it's that time you've you've broke with your bird all your bridges you have absolutely none of that even the ones in your mouth and it's so that's it's the end go Mo your useless go Mo go far we're pack your sandwich okay we'll pack his slami on right with a little mouse turn on it and get the lot of our push we hate you you've a turn on your buddy for real I'm worn for well yeah he wouldn't listen to me he's trying to be a nice guy you know he's trying to like you know get along with everybody and I'll say for the umpteenth time if was just me if was just George if was just people associate with the show we'd say oh well you know it's us it's a personal thing it's not it's business and it's personal with everybody from the man dog who gets uh of course has to put up a discrep on those dolphin broadcast and believe you mean to happy about it right from the get go wanted bills in for to stay on air rightfully so to the hump or who despises this man like poison and to this day still to uh tell that story about New York prime and all the other things and about how the fact that Mo win in there expecting them to kiss his ass while he is which is why they knocked him out he knocked him on a year and on and on it goes it's never going to stop until it's until this company has got the balls to finally say goodbye Mo here's a check we wish you know make a settlement with the attorney pays the ass off and get a sorry ass out of there okay see they're keeping them in there now and he knows not only because of that extortion about his uh time being changed but also because of the fact that all this for real business so he's relishing it man he's loving it he's eating it with relish he's even got relish under his muskra is what I'm here he's reveling in everybody else's misfortunes when he was trying to George can when he was trying to get me what a kind of lesa business when he was in faulty at his finger at all of it okay I'm telling he's got his finger in rectum all of it you can smell it that's right and everybody in that building are the votes in yet do we have all those little uh slips of paper oh yeah yeah hundred votes we took every one of my hundred two oh nothing say goodbye to Mo okay recall even Arnold and Minion anima see if he's a christmas de mante a cilia guys see whatever name what got her votes right but not the moment he's got the big zero they'd rather have Joseph Gackie on the morning show five day they'd rather had God him a dead man in there doing it they'd rather bring back the worst thing joe and the defo and the gueldi myster at least doing defo anything because if this man winds up stabbing for all totally in the back and helps to push his hands out the door so he can weasel his way back in her six to nine and don't have to get his hands out of bed three o'clock in the morning normal and then we get those and especially on the heels of these putrid poultry numbers he said you know that right now keep in mind that a week from today next Thursday October 16 at 1 p.m. that's d day d day that's d day that the book come out the summer book and of course a couple days following that more like Monday and Tuesday the following week that's what will know the hour by hour the hour of power who gets to take the shower with a mad dog probably here's a call from plantation hello hello meal yes how are you up there wonderful and they change that money you know those gay dollars are very strong yeah what can we do for us here you know it's amazing with his motings how does it guy come into a market and just alienate everybody I mean you know when you when you start out so much you got a lot of practice he's done everywhere he's ever worked they all hate him and westwood one in the york everywhere he's ever been a hate him like poison and he's never out of it you know it's like Alex Benjell's been a seem like the good humor man like mr. Rogers speaking of Arnold did you happen to catch our friend Alice on TV the other night no no no no he did not he looks like never that the thunderbird is the puppet the little mannequin no the little cartoon showed you know all of a sudden so how normal okay have a good time 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lens more people in this audience rather hear about buddy bullmarb bowling than what about how he was just talking let's do for a lot of Dale hello okay sir all right David half off your favorite in mind everybody likes David hassle hop yeah you know if they're journal I'd driver come on hey watch oh my god having a day palay the answer is no absolutely not I mean if I went on a street right now and said what do you think of that David hassle hop from oh man even these play connects would say yeah fat gay even if a Chinese here would say fat that's right oh there's a secret fishbocker drink if you know just well I don't want to say that I'm starting a little bit paranoid but everybody in their brother is German now we got the German American club that October fest right and I have a secret fishbocker and we got Arnold and it seems like everybody looked as more trimmons of marching around and people a little must-assies it's in Vogue again they have Viz that's what I heard look at that mad dog is right there on top of 48 votes for he is he is just in the league of his own he's all by himself 293 votes and none for Joe to match you're which was a silly choice none for synoption and for Harry scary none for Marilyn Monroe or Steve Allen that's pretty interesting huh good about that Steve Allen thing yeah because he turned into a real asshole and there was no bigger Steve Allen fan in the world in yours truly back in a great days when he was at the tonight show and of course his son in i show which was a panic with Donald's and Louis night and date now and and compost and I mentioned him not all those people it was great and maybe in the best show it was ever on a history but then his later years as he became a little bit the hardening of the auto resets in and the synoption in the wake up next to that snooty bitch it always always talks like he's you know looking down at everybody condescending bitch jane mollo was the name jane uh seaboard metos jane metal and all three metals we liked a seabed like the odd race he was on a honeymoon as we loved odd remettos right but he picked the wrong one he was married to jane who was a real snooty bitch I like I said probably used to make a lot of noise in the sack when she was picking it 12 minutes after one at five sixty w q a m i'm a started reading this story about all i will all police did parents on suicide packed on me forget that don't forget and then we got the muslim doll offers a modest alternative to barbie maybe they're gonna fryer on the barbie down under hey i want to take a place that's really great that the everybody don't uh don't have nothing bad to say about in other words they love it and that's brandy shoes and pompino beach for over 25 years they've been cranking out the best shoes on your feet going in a world they got all the top names floor shine as seabed rock ports echoes clerks the fisto timbulin all the names and of course even time well in good shop there with his big gigantic archanthuan plighty poop of what does she call again what are the muslims patama bussau side speed they got men's side six to fifteen women's five to twelve and whits from the veriner to the very very plethora of post wide and of course you always get a perfect fit because they have friendly and knowledgeable people are work at brandy's will make sure that you get a perfect every time you won't walk out of there like they got in like haja fall so if you want to take your feet for a real treat and uh do the other thing too this is a place brandy shoes that twelve night north federal highway pompino beach open daily nine to nine Sundays ten to five and all this week it's still going on it's the big red tag sale at brandy's this week take fifty percent off on all famous brand names shoes with a red tag come out of the store visit monoweb at brandy's shoes dot com to me the bob okay do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their five o'clock's better well i have the answer to your prayers from the makers of using my martyr comes again the whole family can enjoy crucifixion crucifixion is not just fun to play but it forces everyone to know their bible and it's easy to play first someone picks a word or phrase from the bible and the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it but be careful if you pick a wrong letter your little Jesus dog gets nailed um i'll take a guess um how about a kid no sorry billy i'm sorry to be back after three nails and one spirit of the chest everyone loses but don't worry in three days you can play again so run down to your local crucifixion toy store and grab up your very own copy of crucifixion why not play tonight comes with a small Jesus doll nails in a tiny spirit fake blood wouldn't cross and hammer not included crucifixion of product of trinity brothers all right once every one of them will plot your two spirit of thirty broadcasting i will police tympers on suicide pack parents of nine high school students were waken before dawn by police officers sent to warn them of a suspected suicide pack and robbing their children week after a classmate hanged himself police had the tales that he suspected plan including how the students would have committed suicide and what they'd plan to do it all at one time or one place were not known and the pack may have not been developed that far like a high school principal al grachiano i wonder if he's kind of rocky you think nope so the student was over her talking about suicide Monday night and later told authorities that others were involved officers went to each student's homerly Tuesday many of the five girls and four boys involved were freshman of sophomores police said all were friends of waging met's good junior fifteen year old boy who hanged himself last week following a car crash that killed three of his friends September 23rd maybe that's something that Danny heatley ought to be thinking about and see of course the family of dance night are all saying now and now my wrong theory of the sin oh we want him to be at the funeral which he will tomorrow and we forgive him and it was just you know just a bad break all those other stuff but if i were him i were our danyard would seriously think about putting that thing to my head wouldn't you who? Muslim doll offers modest alternative to barbie here we go here's good news for all those repressive valders repressed faggotes out there who want more repression and repression and repression and repression and repression and repression and repression and repression and repression and repression. I'm so happy that you finally told me that uh oh that was bad uh i hit something on top of the pot uh i guess i'm so happy to tell me that uh finally uh had the balls today and the word is he wasn't upset about the fact we put Arnold's naked picture on a website he was upset that was so small the picture no the penis anyway we got Arnold naked with a towel there on the and what are we going to do about that one of the uh the penis with the cup head on are we putting that on there or not oh i just said that's you i didn't send that to Eric i just oh you'd get it kick out of the heart i don't think we would dis audience one it's a very ugly fat penis too i think i don't know i'm not they're all ugly thars most of us now no i don't think so not your own your own is never ugly oh yeah sometimes too small or whatever but uh this one happens to be an especially uh grotesque penis with a little tiny cup head on it on a tin i'll show you later scott okay that's uh what about the other one picture that doesn't have the towel on i don't i think i like the one we got on it's colored oh colorful yeah muslim doll offers modest alternative to barbie at first glance it says in lavonia michigan former home of uh the trip race course this new girl on a black doesn't give barbie much for of a run for a money after all barbie's everything razzan is not curvacious flashy and loaded with sex appeal but that's exactly why many muslim americans prefer razzan with her long sleeve dresses head scarf and buy her creator amara said uh sad days on admission ain't so bucksome bust line at the worst he's got raisinets for sad day they doubt on way fills a marketing void but also offer his muslim girl some of them they can relate to raisinets the main message we try to put forward through the dolls that what matters is what's inside you oh what a line that is not how you look since today who set up nor art ink with his wife and a few other investors the lifonia base company founded about seven years ago so as the razzan dial number of other toys geared toward muslim children schmata hits it doesn't matter if your taller short dinner fat beautiful or not the real BBC and by god and fellow muslims is what's in your soul he said razzan has the body of a preteen that comes in three types first can blonde all skin with black hair and black skin and black hair correct yeah raisin are those of a modern muslim woman on the drawing board for future dolls are doctor was in and possibly even astronaut was in there's also muslim girl scout was in complete with the cassette recording of the muslim scouts oath that's what it is what sets resan apart for a few competitors is that she holds a global appeal for muslim girls as said now was that line again about the main message we try to put forward through the dolls it what matters is what's inside you back home i thought that was a very very interesting and provocative line see how they always work in code but it is code up there this time of the era lafonia anyway uh known to two which means we got other forty minutes the Miguel's out there I hope we can do that up to like close to a thousand you think no no more reports no deal with that means there ain't nothing going on it right we had four hundred twenty bucks at last county still got a sure lots of tickets to the October fest at the chairman american club in hallywood in interest oh you don't have to be a german ago they german american club you can have probably like beer and rots and white hots and whatever bycels that power sports at ten ninety west sunrise boulevard and four lobe with our best deal merchandise for a really good cause abandoned per rescue and you people out there like what would like that do you hear me just what five sixty oh five sixty w q a m and what about the total don't let me forget to remind the audience again about that frontline on pbs nine to thirty and i about this uh totally unjustified attack on Iraq and all the people are dying over there american and brits and the rackies and everybody else mad dog Jim made it's fifty three votes who do you think is the most universally light celebrity mad dog is got fifty three there's nobody even close on his ass my hand at all e thirty six Fred Rogers thirty five Johnny Carson thirty two Elvis how many's Elvis got five thirty man Bob hope twenty seven princess die twenty two Mickey Mouse's got seventeen Walter cranky fifteen Lucy is got fourteen she ought to be doing better than that everybody like Lucy sure even punks joccoo thirteen in Andy Griffith twelve everybody else in single digits even poor old bob barkers got six because not everybody likes him there the animal the fur coat people don't like bob barker they don't know they don't and the uh a lot of those dimbo's that have been on a show not just dying there where i think of it because he was means to them cities of dirty old man and we still like it in fact that's why we like yeah as opposed to Arnold because at least Bob Barker ran for you know what the democrats should put up Bob Barker there you go I don't know what his politics are but a guaranteed he did with born Arnold's butt with a towel anyway here's poppin oh hello hey I got three items for you number one for the list how about our old french friend most shivaliay everybody look mo maris yes sure okay well okay if it were a hundred years old and the more shivaliay of course but you know if i love it okay if you heard the latest about your buddy and your ashwood no he's going after run fox sports in california for the network great in number three and number three i forgot i went out okay good well there was good as the first to it's probably just as well oh god am i getting a headache from this or what i started out with wow i'm sure is i'm getting like a migraine from these uh and my buddy Andrew Ascina Woods i got a really good andruacin wood story but i better not tell it she'd get really upset here's Fort Lauderdale hello hey no how are you doing pretty good oh my how about Danny K Danny K yeah run the whole game we ran so get get out of here well all these people these old old time of people these fossils nobody is audience those Danny K maybe like how many people do you think no that no that's good man let's get with it marisia vodia and Danny K and marfin gay and swing and sway with sami k and it's time to pay the pipe or mo you got to get out of here mo we want you out we're gonna work feverishly we're gonna contact everybody in the universe we're gonna contact don koleony we're gonna get a hold of everybody we could see guys you're nasty obnoxious ass up you've gone over the edge this time with your assault with your piling on with our good buddy Scott for real okay when somebody is down and out the always cut on motorb either to stab in the back he's always talking about this one's a back stab or everybody he in fact the oj's remember the oj's net song the back stabbers or of course they had most picture right in front of what they were that's what they were thinking about when i say that's on what does this say john den ver once served as a u.s. army sniper and v.a.n.m. tour false well why do we care about this the other note is why cc page two about the friend Rogers urban legend he was never in the arm forces i feel better now he was a pussy man who to help it kid and he was like our hand-a-hand combat he had the tattoos with that sweater oh that all you couldn't look like a real pervert to me my kind of guy 26 pound like this say that's a 30 is a nice one it's not a 40 is that a home we're going to work just a little bit in other parts of Iraq north and south security's less precarious the so the rackies are foaming at the mouth we did a hell of a job there didn't we yeah man making a mess 26 past one at five sixty double him the wildly the more i've got more popular by the they pretty soon his head is going to be as big as your rows if we don't stop this Jim managed to do the hump or any k from call it for and then we got a low baseball nights at travel day after the nursing night last night but like i said he got out of your system you lose 12 to three it's the same as ones that but still in one loss follow what i'm saying good excuse in a little sure so we got the travel day then uh this week and Friday Saturday and Sunday three games at pp park so you got the panter game tonight we got to stick something in there panters hosting the keraliner hercunes at the end to send the macarina if your mattress is lumpy and bumpy you don't have to have an expert tell you about it because you're back will give you the message right away you're not getting a good night sleep you feel like crap your back is hurting all the time get yourself a great night sleep at the best name brand mattress is in the world for my good friends at dial a mattress who offer you unbeatable deals and prices every day 365 days year for discount prices on the top name cily sort of tempered ptic simmons king corl or stirrens of an anus foster call as toll free number right now the bnuck and i do in no time at all one eight hundred mattress just one easy call cz pieces shopping you get ever do there's no nonsense no bait and swish no house brands no phony promises and best of all you pay nothing extra for the best service in the world and when you call down a mattress at one eight hundred mattress you even get to pick the day in time for deliver when it's convenient for you when you're gonna be home and they really show up it's a miracle any to our window seven days a week from eight an a until 10 p.m. and you'll be sleeping like a sleeping and sleeping like a baby the first night i've been sleeping on a mattress and dial a mattress for a long time you should be doing the same with low prices same day delivery free setup and mobile it's easy to see while dollar mattress is ranked the best in the world and customer satisfaction so it gets sucked in by those mattress showman furniture store phony ads they're not in the same league with down a mattress column today one eight hundred mattress and tell them that crusty old Neil quoted a call one eight hundred ma ttr es or check them online at mattress.com my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my the my my my my my you lock it pickup on my my my help you We support our ticket bush and save our bush. Some media's in our control. Sometimes your NASCROW comes around. Pulset hands down or up the puddle tongues up his phone. Or not. Rectom. We train this day. We train this day. And the oxymoric and the spray. All the parts. I wish you'd go pee. Transvestise. He and the oxymoric and the spray. All breplessly CNN announces just in. For them, they were hearing for Kobe Bryant said a 3PM. He's just arrived and there he is. Anybody cared? What a pile of crap. Just in. Breaking news. Just like what they were on Tuesday in California. Breaking news. Arnold and Maria have just left the polling place. And here they're all breathlessly running around. They just left the polling place. Arnold just picked this nose. He just picked the winner. What color? Purple. God. What a bunch of sickos. You people in the media ought to be ashamed of yourselves. You ought to resign right now. Right after Mo gets his fat ugly ass out of here. You ought to resign out of heaven. Like a Daisy chain. You're following right out of town. And out of the country. That's a new sicko. We got 600. That's not too good. We're slowly but surely. Dribs and drives. We'll never make a thousand. We only got a half hour to go out there. 400 bucks to go. No chance. And I really frost my fat ass. So good thing we're not doing more of these because we used to do a lot more than just One week. But what's the point when nobody out there wants to spring loose with any money? Nobody cares about a band in per rescue. Like Miguel says, nobody wants you damn CDs this year. And certainly nobody wants those more. How are they? He changed. He just want a bunch of free tickets for crap. You know? Yeah. It probably resent the fact that we're forcing them to do. You know, to cut loose with 20 bucks. So they have a chance for some free tickets. For hockey games and German beer and crap. And that's for Bex and the and at Heinekan at the Dutch beer. Ever talked about Freddie Heinekan? No. What about him? Yes, I did. Freddie Heinekan. He built the hotel in the York. Groovy there. That's right. And I probably shouldn't be lumping Heinekan in with with Bex because Bex is German Heinekan is Dutch. But I still say that the old Dutchman are just like Nazis anyway. Oh, look at this. This from CNN. Felatio may significantly decrease the risk of breast cancer in women. And that's that on receiving or giving. It says George, Misspelled, shift the name to the doctors. I got to get the next page. It's coming. Yeah. Oh, women who perform the act of Felatio on a regular basis. One and two times we've made reduced their risk of breast cancer. About to 40% of North Carolina State University study. Five. There you go. All you guys out there that looking like to get, you know, little action, little head and shoulders. Doctors had never suspected the length between the act of Felatio and breast cancer. But new research is being performed in North Carolina State University. How are they doing this research, by the way? I don't know. How do we get involved in that kind of a, who's the head doctor? Who's heading up this survey? In a study of over 15,000 women suspected of having performed regular Felatio with the past. Wait a minute. Suspected of having performed regular Felatio with the past and you. The researchers, by that those actually having performed the act regularly. One to two times we could lower our Crohn's breast cancer. The Crohn's breast cancer, the nose who would not. There was no increased risk for those who did not regularly perform. So in other words, the more times you go down, the greater your risk goes down. So if you'd given like head like 15, 20, 30 times a week, you ain't got no chance. In fact, you're going to have the, healthy, as breasts in, in history since Elsie de Borden cow. I think you were supposed to last shade of a doubt that Felatio is actually a healthy accident. Ha ha ha ha ha. This is not a real story. This is a fake. This is not a lot of fake stories. It's his AP, but this can't possibly be a real story. Can it? No. A phony AP. You think? I hope not. I think it removes the landscape of doubt that Felatio is actually a healthy accident. Dr. BJ sooner of Johns Hopkins school met a service that had involved in the research. I'm surprised. Oh yeah, here we go. See this is a fake. It's funny. George. I say, but it's cute. Only with regular performance when your chances be reduced. So I encourage all women out there to make Felatio an important part of the daily routine. So Dr. insert a shaft here. One of the main. What are these searches? Ha ha ha. I love it. Oh, right. Yeah. I hope that none of the women out there gets sucked in by this phony story. Oh, anybody else? Oh, this is a true story. Teenage your pin that are vehicles. I'd by the way, here are Catherine Harris's on that plane, you know. You know that? No, what plane? I don't know. I don't know. The one that Raveville Shades was always pointing at. It's a plane. She was on it. An 18 year old former wrestler whose leg became pinned under his overturned Jeep in Salt Lake City, managed to reach a car jack ratchet up the vehicle and feed himself. He jacked himself out. As college freshman, Clancy Wright laid trapped last week, he said he thought the time was armoured and pinned by a bolder last spring. Remember that, of course. I don't want to cut my leg off like the guy who cut off his arm, right, said. Wright was driving alone October 2 at a popular off-road area near Minersville about Toadermal South of Salt Lake. When his Jeep rolled, pinning his left leg under the corner of the windshield in part of a roll bar. He was able to reach a jack in the vehicle. He said he tried three times to find the right place and for another the roll bar. Wright who wrestled is a heavyweight last year in high school. And took fifth place in his division eventually was able to lift the Jeep. As the pressure released, I could feel the blood rush out of the leg. You told the St. Lake tribute in the today's division. The skin muscle and tissue when his left calf immediately ankle returned from leg bones, which were completely exposed but not broken. He said he wrapped the leg with his tissue and a passing rider, found him shortly after with some of the ambulance. Underwent surgery was sent home the next day. They pulled me to go home, lay on the couch, put up your foot and pray. He said he said he's got feeling his leg and he can wiggle it and his toes to. Nice going here. Rest on boy. How you like that? Here's a call from Miramar. Hello. Come on here. Sounds just like you are you in Miramar. This is Miramar. Sounds like you then. All right, dude. Yeah, I got a question about the MATT-URIS. Which am I call it? They're good. Call them up and they'll answer your question. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marble Sine. Who that was? That was the Ken Block. That was him. Here's Evan Chura. Hello. Yes sir. I have one for the pole. I have a good one for the pole. Good. About time. Somebody I'm not a rower. I'm a rower. Okay, that's a good one. Is that a man who made me show? Why is that? Because it's on the sofa. But the pole stays on there all the way to the Montmore. You can hear a chance to zoom up. Okay. And a rower. And a way we go. Thank you. Okay. But too many of the names are getting laid there. Like old old. I mean, although I guess there just aren't too many celebrities laid there. Everybody likes. And probably because there's all this smut and smear and everything. Right? Yeah. You can know. There's a lot of these people were degenerates and pieces of crap and the scumbags. But we all like them because we didn't have to know about that. What the? Why did we have any deno? You know? Did we need to know that Milton Burl had the biggest penis in Hollywood? Of course not. He wanted everybody to know. Did he? I don't know. There might be. The idea always dressed up in drag. I guess that was to deflect our attention. I don't know. The bottom of the skirt. What do you think? Who do you think? What is that thing? Who do you think? Is it was the most universally light celebrity? Jim Man is 61. They can't touch the man dog. Oh, right. Muhammad Ali 41. Fred Rogers 36. Johnny Carson 34. This is our 1000th pole. And believe you, me. I'm not too excited about it. And either is the audience. Obviously, Elvis 32 Bob Hope 31. Princess die 23. Mickey Mouse 22. Walter Kronkai 15. Lucy 14. Jacques Cousteau 13. Andy Griffith 12. And after that man, it's real small pators out of 300 and 70 eight vote. 370 votes. Whatever it is. Not our best pole. We just said it was the 1000th one. We said it was a landmark. We didn't say it was the best pole. Did we? No. No. We shared. It was truth and packaging. So how much we got out there with Miguel? Okay. We had 600 last count. Yep. 600. Well, when we talked to him. Five minutes ago? Well, I bet you he caught you right now. I bet you we got more than 600. It might be only a couple of bucks. About 200. About 200. About 600. How about you that eight bucks that I owe you from before? So double enough in 16 or something. Okay. How's that? Great. Twenty-two to mad dog coming along at two o'clock today. Boy he'll be written the face with all this. You for you, but all this so. Adulation. All these things. He'll listen. Hey, if you ask he does listen once a month. Remember that last week when I entered into Guadalucia, the Schulis steak too because the audit because our program director and our operations manager were too busy to diddling each other. And they didn't have time to figure out that when we had the goddamn marlin stuff going on he should be doing a show out there at Schulis as opposed to sitting in an empty room there. Hey, if you're a statistic in an empty room and do it a job that doesn't amount to peanuts, if you're trying to work it for nothing and getting paid in what amounts to peanuts, here's the answer. Get yourself a new career. How do you do that? Friends at Fast Train and they could have you train and certified in a great computer career a high paying career before the year was out. The demand for computer professionals is gigantic. So now's the smart time to get you a new high paying computer career. Fast train offers job placement assistance convenient day evening weekend schedules and with six locations for them right in south Florida. This bound to be a fast train close by where you are convenient for you. Fast train offers financial assistance for people to qualify to. So what's the lose except they're really crap job on a meager paycheck. Get yourself a real career and a real change in life. Call fast train today. Check them on the web first at fast train.com and then call that toll free number. Be sure mentioned top directs name when you call one eight six six fast train. My goal goal is to use five six three of those yours. You win. We'll arm a Jerry Paul. We'll on the right hand of God. And when I woke up today I put my TV on and instead of casually or CNN. I saw purple creature with a gaze sign on his head. It wasn't upside down try I know purple thinking. Upside down try I know that was a good idea. Upside down try I know purple thinking. Hey tell us what you were just when I bought things. Couldn't get worse. I noticed he was carrying a little purse. Now how can they call this a children show. I'm a people but I have a brown hole. He has a rock. Upside down try I know purple thinking. Upside down try I know purple thinking. I love to drink your bones. Yeah. Purple thinking. Yeah tell us something. We're almost about a Christian kind that's heart to believe. But on the teller tell me something is a TV screen. It had a purple penis pointing straight at me. That was low in an eye. It's through the hole in this thing. 145 at 5.60 WQAM. So what do we got? Did he call in? Yes. Six 40. I said while you were talking. I didn't hear you. Six 140 bucks. I told you so we're even on it but. I see if he would have been smart. He could have just lied and said it was still 600. Could have put the 16 bucks with you. But that's my God. I told you he's not too bright. I told you. We could say he's just a very honest guy to the one alive. Right. Do we want to say that? Oh, 640. Fairly week. We're not going to come anywhere near a thousand out there today. And I'm ashamed to embarrass New movie. But that's just the way goes. They don't want it. Here's a call from Boker. Hello. Boker. Boker Chica. Boker Tica. Boker Ratone. Adios. Probably one of most boyfriends. Oh, by the way, I decided to do in the last break. I'm going to get together a bunch of queens from one of those organizations. We're going to stand outside the building down there. We're going to pick it the more Howard David. It's sure we're going to be yelling. We're here. We're gay. We're going to blow you away. Gay. Right. I'm telling you. Right now. We're going to get a whole bunch. We're here. We're gay. And we're going to blow you away. Here's Papeno. Hello. Yes, sir. You have an addition for your list. Okay. We call McCartney. He's already on there. Oh, we're busy. I just turned on. He should be. I should be. We blew it because I got him written down. He has got six votes. Okay. And I just wanted to make a comment regarding this. What's the name? Enrich from Maryland. His wife made that statement against. About shooting Brittany Spears. You know, it gets me. I mean, you know, people on the right can say whatever they want. And, you know, somebody on the left that they want to, you know, go after they do. And that's everybody on the left seems to be fair game. I mean, Arnold's movies. More people have been killed in Arnold's movies than in all the wars combined. And that's okay. That's artistic expression. But, you know, somebody like Michael Moore comes along and does something. Or, you know, some other Hollywood performer goes against the staff. Well, what makes you think it was somebody on the right. It was a governor. I'm sure that the governor is the governor of Maryland. Are we a Republican? They haven't had a Republican a thousand years unless I don't know. But you just because somebody is a Democrat or a Republican necessarily mean they're on the right or the left. You know, people who hide behind the party. But why would you automatically assume she's on the right? She is. She is? Yes. I know that. I know. I watched her, you know, when they did that. Well, she has a lot of, see, I didn't know the story until I read it in the internet. I used it on the ear, but I didn't see it on TV. I don't know whether she was on the, you know, whether she's Republican or a Republican or a Republican right wing bitch is what she was saying. We're so, you know, the vice and then you know, that's okay. But if someone in the left makes the statement, you know, what, I mean, you say something is a president, you want Americans to get, you say something is Clinton. And that's the free. You know, if I'm glad you're catching on man. All right. I believe you, I, I've been, I've put on a long time. Good. That's a, you have a great day. So, that's why I'm here. You two, pal. All right. One, forty eight, twelve minutes till two at five, sixty. W Q A M. Who do we just add on there? Oh, I know, I didn't even know where Paul McCarty is. He's over the under. Good six. I'm surprised. Go to Ratton is not doing better. That bothers me a lot. That pisses me off. She's only got three votes. I'll decide out of mind. What do you mean by that? What do you mean by that? What do you mean by that? I'm almost at these people have been dead for 100 years. They were getting the last hour called in here. Yeah, but they were through with the other. The other Ratton has got three. Well, she was a superstar on laughing on, on, on, on, on, on, on a certain in life. She was great. Here's a call from Bokeh. Hello. You could push the button all you want. I pushed this, okay, asshole? You can keep going 50,000 times a day, and you still won't be on for more than a second. Shmuck, push this. Push, tool. Here's my, me, hello. My, me, when is this? Yeah, what's going on here? Yeah. I got two names for you. Okay, good. Let's go to North Miami Beach, hello. Yes, sir. Why do you care for all sorts of niggers that go in our California? Why don't you care? Why don't you care? I know, I live in Florida, you asshole. Yeah, well, I'm in Canada. How do you like that, Shmuck? I'm real happy about it. Put, look what you got. Here's South Beach, hello. Yes, sir. Is this, uh, me? Oh, my God. Are there any living and breathing people up there? Oh, good, God. Yes, sir. Speak to me, speak. Yeah, I believe in the intro for probably 20 years, right? Right. Either way, sorry to be, uh, you know, I think we could add, uh, Howard's journal, what do you think? That nobody doesn't like Howard's stern? I think he sucks. What is your question again? Who do you think is the most universally light celebrity? You, of course. Okay. Okay. Here's a dear field, hello. Hey, uncle Neil. Wow. How does he, well, Jesus is right. Yeah, really. A couple things, uh, Arnold and Maria, I don't know if you caught it. They, they, they show them making their boats coming out of the pole, you know? He had the reporter asked him, are you, how do you feel about voting for yourself? Eddie, he was cool, you know? Yeah. Yeah, I was saying, it was, you know, I mean, it was typical. Anyway, the other thing being a good man shouldn't have Fred Rogers a couple of times today, but he's never here. This is kind of old. It's from National Ampune. Uh, that's not funny. That's thick. It's comedy, that. Have a great, great parody on that. Mr. Rogers, they call it Mr. Roberts. Maybe we're going to get a great. George might be able to find a great sort of this. He's digging for it. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. You digging for it? You find a little, yeah. Oh, oh, oh. You've got a right now. Look at that. He's digging for it. Just like moment was deeper breeze. Here's for a lot of Dale, huh? Hello, Neil. Yes. Are you a top or bottom? Uh, here's the North Miami Hill. South Miami, North Southeast West. Hello. Yes. This is that. Listen, this is first time call or two old. Who told? Here's the North Miami Beach Hill. That's a top. Miami, when is this? Let's do that to best call of this half hour. Come on. One minute in the middle. Oh, we're sports when you're 50 feet. You, A, M. I like it. I like it. I like it. Oh, I like it. A mannequin woman. She's my friend. A mannequin woman. Love it to be a hint. Keep her hanging around my mouth. I'm hanging around my floor She's ready anytime I want to go She never said I love you, I never got a cuddle or wham I'm true My one, got something to say hey My mannequin long run Can you run away? My mannequin long run What does she need? A mannequin long run Never got a cuddle or wham I'm true She's coming up on my door She's a girl I found in the crow then stole I feel lucky you're the most guys When I'm riding the middle of plastic eyes My woman, got nothing to say hey A mannequin long run A mannequin long run A mannequin long run A mannequin long run A lot of oral sex Keep those breast healthy How do we do? What's our final total? We got one Seven twenty That's a great not too bad Not too sensational I'm able to take it Seven twenty bucks per mannequin per rescue We've got those people who will care enough to send their best And just like the colors this hour out To the rest of them that's what we say But we've had so many good cause Better take a lot of them we get them all in before we leave Right? Okay let's get them all in Here's Miami Hello I'm Camille Yes sir How are you? Okay I've never made a request before for anything But I've always wanted to hear I miss you know those drop-ins that you have with Randy West Yeah I miss that The actual conversation you had with them And buddies of mine told me it was a classic Neil Ripping Is there any way you could play that? Don't have it Here's a mirror Mar hello Hello Yes sir Hey you know I don't Great I just want to give you one suggestion for the poll My suggestion has anyone said Bill Cosby yet Bill Cosby Yeah Even though I can't stand it but everybody loves Bill Cosby I'm certainly nobody don't like nobody don't like Jellal putting Right? Exactly everybody knows about Jellal putting Good choice Stop booting Yeah Sub-shivering sweet Okay Thanks a lot paly Soften gooey and it's sugary and it's sweet All right And what he said and he's putting a two bed either Here's what manners hello Hey Neil how you doing Fantastic Two things first of all since you put your Mandage on there if you thought about rich Shaw He's a local guy everybody loves rich Shaw Let me sit again Jim and his is known all over the country okay NFL star Nobody else knows from rich Shaw Nobody knows rich Shaw Well let me add this can I add my favorite depth scene You can look like when you and Juan No no no Oh Oh Here's how he would hello Hollywood there must be something in the air Yeah Yes sir Yeah okay Sorry about that my phone must be crapping out It's not I got one I got one for you I got plenty Whatever if you like them He's not a bad guy never He's not a bad guy never stole a freight train He's very low key and he didn't have too much to say about Determinator and about the election he but a beat but a book body kind of like Be the round of bush and he don't want to get back in the be a mayor of Carmel And like that Yeah nobody don't like Clintie's what he's good Here's what a fact Thanks God for the facts is always great The call sucked the facts are fantastic Hector and Miami says It would seem to mean order to assess the viability of a celebrity's appeal at least University you'd have to take consideration such as characters as Mickey Mouse and Ronald McDonald Is Mickey Mouse on there? He's time we check sure he's doing okay Alternatively if the celebrity has to be human as pretty true to people I why the cross section of nations and cultures to what Michael Jackson Oh, I While people secretly may feel he is creepy I would suspect he is very well liked universally Says hector Thank you for his wonderful ways to time says hector in Miami Wow, and thank you for your wonderful ways to time actor because that's got to be really It's sterico Nobody don't like Michael Jackson until of course he held that baby over the balcony and they started to say You know, maybe and then of course all those charges of pedophilia Maybe and all those checks that he wrote to the parents to shut him up Maybe you know stuff like that in the elephant dance bones Exactly And then of course Paul McCartney and all those the songs that he bought up for under his ass But that was just too bad because Paul McCartney would be a bad businessman anyway When an appul I mean I mean we got to the moral but hands down Jim and its seventy votes the most universally likes celebrity He's stated by right now as humble as a By by Yeah That's that that number one line for the panties jack off suck off and beat off